B001QJUX24|5.0|Really enjoyed this Western.  Wonderful John Wayne performance.  It is all that the reviewers have said.  It is definitely a classic.
B0059XTUVI|3.0|Watching the movie, The Iron Lady, was only so-so.  However, Streep's performance is worthy of an Oscar.  Wasn't even sure it was she at the beginning of the film. Her portrayal of Thatcher is astonishing!!!!  Truly, it's time to give her the award.  Her last win has been almost thirty years ago for Sophie.  She deserves the Oscar for this movie.  She should have won many times before this.  So let's see what the Academy Awards do this time!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. not only does it help me to have my bible with me at all times. The daily plans are great too. I'm reading the  Joyce Meyer plan and I love her insight.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I've been following ACCU weather for many years, my local ABC affiliate in Philadelphia used it as their weather base and it was always the most accurate account, could always trust it to be spot on! Now have it on my android phone to keep up with the ever changing weather in West/Central Indiana, if you want reports that are &quot;accurate&quot; then download their APP!
B0013LL2Z2|4.0|Logan's Run (1976) is a tense science fantasy adventure that entertains despite a story that fails to truly realize its potential.  Directed by Michael Anderson, the film set in the year 2274 depicts a domed underground society, governed by a master computer, where at age thirty citizens undergo a process called \\"renewal\\".  Citizens take part in a public ceremony called \\"carrousel\\", elevating high into the air where they are disintegrated, supposedly to be reborn.  Some do not believe in reincarnation, and attempt to escape from the City, these so called \\"runners\\" are hunted by enforcement officers called \\"sandmen\\".  (Warning, spoilers follow).<br /><br />Logan 5 (Michael York) and Francis 7 (Richard Jordan) are sandmen who thoroughly enjoy their work.  After killing a runner, Logan recovers a small metal ankh symbol, from his body.  During a debriefing session with the master Computer (who speaks with a female voice), Logan is shocked when he discovers that renewal is a lie.  He is given the secret mission of becoming a runner, finding a place called \\"Sanctuary\\", and destroying it.  Logan's \\"lifeclock\\", a gemstone imbedded in his hand, is adjusted to reflect that he has little time left.<br /><br />There is a secret organization that helps runners to escape.  As the ankh is a symbol for Sanctuary, Logan contacts Jessica 6 (Jenny Agutter) a woman who wears an ankh around her neck, to ask for help in escaping.  Distrustful of a sandman, the runners' organization plans to kill Logan.  Unaware of his partner's assignment, Francis suspects that his friend has either gone mad, or turned traitor.  A marked man on two fronts, Logan eventually earns Jessica's trust, and together they escape the city, to search for what may lie beyond.<br /><br />This futuristic society is interesting, but presented without much detail.  Although technically advanced, it's hard to regard people that believe in voluntary suicide as particularly enlightened.  Perhaps Michael York and Jenny Agutter both being English, contributes to their compatibility, as they do make a great couple, and their adventures are the most enjoyable part of the movie.  After clearing the City and rising to the surface in an elevator, the pair enter an icy cavern and encounter a hilarious looking robot (voiced by Roscoe Lee Browne).  Look closely, and you can see human teeth behind the robot's mask.  Apparently no previous runners had gotten past this pompous mechanical guardian.<br /><br />The movie deviates significantly from the novel Logan's Run, where the target age was 21, and Sanctuary was located on the planet Mars.  The revelation in the film that they are near Washington D.C., is so similar to The Planet of the Apes, that it seems borrowed.  Sanctuary is never found, instead Logan and Jessica encounter an old man (Peter Ustinov) living with his cats, in the ruins of the library of Congress.  Ustinov's performance is delightful and full of mirth.  Richard Jordan is also very good as Francis, who despite witnessing the outside world, remains fixed on his mission.<br /><br />The ending seems rushed, and extremely untidy, as Logan and Jessica return to the city with the old man.  The youthful pair reenters the City, and is captured while trying to warn the populace.  While interrogating Logan, the Master Computer crashes.  As the city structure deteriorates, the people somehow make their way to the surface, where they meet the old man.  This fairy tale finish wraps things up like a children's story, but it's hardly in keeping with the film's mostly serious tone.<br /><br />Star Wars (1977), which would soon become a world-wide sensation, reintroduced a sense of humor and fun to the science fiction genre.  Reflecting an older style, Logan's Run has almost no humor, and unfortunately the story isn't developed very well, as the ending seems to take an easy way out, failing to strive for something more profound.  While some of the sets and props do look decent, many of the visual effects are disappointing.  The fight in the ice cavern looks abysmal, and the backgrounds of the decayed Washington DC, aren't very convincing.  Although quite flawed and somewhat derivative, Logan's Run was still regarded as being progressive and provocative when released.  While not a great film, it does have its moments, and remains a must see for fans of 70's science fiction.  Rating: 3.5 stars.looks abysmal, and the backgrounds of the decayed Washington DC, aren't very convincing.  Although quite flawed and somewhat derivative, Logan's Run was still regarded as being progressive and provocative when released.  While not a great film, it does have its moments, and remains a must see for fans of 70's science fiction.  Rating: 3.5 stars.
B0058VW36U|4.0|This game is fun, but I'm not really great at it. I have to pass it to my husband a lot. It's worth .99&cent;!
B006GG1KOC|5.0|This is a game thats awesome for kids. My 7 year old loved it. She had a great time trying to figure out what was different. Very cute, love the animation, graphics and the music is not too loud and obnoxious.
0439023521|4.0|This sci-fi storyline is unlike anything I typically gravitate toward, but after a few dull reading choices, I decided to try out a top-10 book from Amazon's best-seller list. Boy, am I glad I did! This book captivated me from the get-go and held my interest til the very last page. The characters, setting and details are incredibly descriptive and the storyline suspenseful. So glad I ventured out of my reading \\"comfort zone\\".
B005K17RU0|5.0|Has everything I am looking for!  I can get hourly information or look 10 days out with a single touch.
B0002S94OS|5.0|This cd arrived very quickly.  I was very happy.  It is also of good quality. I would highly this cd to anyone who likes this kind of music.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Very entertaining game. Fun to play anywhere, anytime. Helps when you just want to kill some time or play with someone else.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|of all the games on the market place this is one of the best. the only complaint I have is playing it on the kindle fire is a little hard on some of the games.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great time killer. the kids love to play the games and try to open up more. good game if you don't really want to think about anything.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I couldn't be more pleased with the Bible app!  It helps keep me focused and in the Word, and the devotionals give me a perfect way to stay accountable to pursuing the Lord daily!  This is the only app that I open and use daily!  Thank you, YouVersion!
B000SW4DV2|5.0|I got into the robot characters through Xtranormal.com, which is a video-making site.  Lots of Youtubers like me (brainouty) use it.  Pity that Xtranormal then changed its policies, so the videos are now too hard to make.  So you just dream about making them, now.<br /><br />So dream via this movie.  Its characters are much the same-looking, and the whole movie is first-rate in every respect, from witty script and animation, to voiceovers, to film editing, to plot.  It's really too fast and too clever for one viewing, so you'll want to buy it and watch it many times, as I will.  A++++ to everyone.<br /><br />Like every animated film and sci-fi book, this one has socio-political meanings we all know, but for some reason the story never gets old.  Here, the same theme is wonderfully told.  Will cheer your day, even if you watch only five minutes.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is very good. the games are fun, and intrigueing. it has lots of good games. there's always something for everyone.
B004Q7CIFI|5.0|Excellent read!  Nostalgic, yes...believable, yes.  And it never bogged down.  Nothing superfluous here, I don't know why Al picks Jake to go through the time-traveling 'rabbit hole'...and King didn't spend 1/4 of the book explaining it.  Because, face it, we don't CARE, just get Jake to 1958 and let the fun begin.  I appreciated that, Mr. King!  Since the rabbit hole ONLY goes to 1958, I assumed  that there would be a LOT of story before the fateful 11/22 date. There was! And it was as good&suspenseful&moving as anything King has written.  Pre-11/22/63 is easily 60% of the book, and the characters&events kept me turning my Kindle 'pages.'  I'm not sure if there's enough Kennedy stuff to keep a JFK assassination buff happy, but what's there is factual and, for a novel, JUST enough.  No spoilers here, but let me say King did his research, and--especially for those of us of a certain age--the ending makes PERFECT sense.  I recommend it~and I hope you enjoy it!
B006JTS5OO|5.0|I have to admit, I only went to see this movie for one reason: to see Jim Parsons' cameo.  I didn't really expect to enjoy the rest of the movie as much as I did.  I've not watched the Muppets in years, so really wasn't expecting much, but what I ended up with was a wonderfully entertaining movie where those involved weren't afraid to make fun of themselves and the industry in general.  The three new characters worked well alongside Kermit and co. and the villain was a very apt one for the times.  I laughed a lot, groaned some (well, Fozzie is in it after all *g*) and even found myself a bit misty-eyed on occasion.
B006QKKMBA|4.0|I guess if you've seen one, you've basically seen them all. Different ways of peoples' demise. This one's premonition starts on a charter bus stuck in traffic on a suspension bridge maintenance project. It was one of the better of the FD flicks. Possibly a bit more gory than others.<br /><br />I thought the ending came together better in this than the other four. Oh, it does leave the door open for 6. Sit back, and enjoy a movie not to be taken seriously
B005XQLBU4|4.0|Fun game with lots of challenges.  It takes a long time to play so I usually play a bit at a time.  The only bug that I've seen is that if you rebuild your city and then exit, the next time you start the game it takes you to Night but hasnt kept the rebuilding that you had done
B004MC8CA2|5.0|even five minutes of the Bible everyday can make a huge difference in your life. try it today and grow closer to God.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really like this game because it has so many games and its fun making points to get get more games.
B003Y5H5EW|4.0|I love this series. Every movie has been good. But the 3rd installment wasn't nearly as solid as the first 2.  I think that is because the 3rd movie didn't have the same director nor actress/character of Selena. I still liked it, though.  This 4th installment has the return of Selena and Michael, but not the same director. But these directors did a better job than the last, and the storyline and action was better. 31/2 stars to Awakenings.
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|Enjoyed the final chapter in the Fifty trilogy.  Wrapped up the story nicely and kept me wanting more.  The Epilogue and \\"extras\\" were a great add on.  Made me want to read through the first 2 books again.
B004SEVPWQ|5.0|I've been looking for a pool game of this caliber for a long time. The physics are excellent.  The sounds FX are top notch. Thank you Kinetic! Works great on the Kindle Fire. I would like to have the ability to play against others on my WiFi  network.
B005KAJPY2|1.0|I really need to remember that VNV Nation is really good at what they do. Their latest album, Automatic is a perfect example of that.  Unfortunately, that's not a good thing for me. It's the same thing that they've been doing for too many albums, and they're becoming the Funker Vogt of teenie-synth-goth-pop. OK, maybe that's a little harsh since you can differentiate some of VNV Nation's songs from one another, but I'm just reminded that their music just doesn't excite me anymore.  For the positives in Automatic, it's very polished. If you like VNV, you won't be surprised. Things are very melodic, without going overboard. I know that club kids will find tracks to dance to here, but when can't you say that about VNV? I just don't see any track on this album being an anthem that I'd immediately think of when the band's name is dropped.  For the negatives (beyond the lack of growth in the VNV sound), I'd start with how this album just feels to be more like an EP than an actual album, due to what feels like a lot of filler. If I had to put a pricetag on what I'd consider a fair price for this album, $2 would be fair, considering all the recycling being done here.  Since I already have VNV albums that sound like this, without the filler, I can definitely say that they're not worth the asking price.  Hopefully I'll remember this feeling of disappointment next time they release an album. The same goes for Funker Vogt.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the game is an awesome experience to play. People should get this game on any divice. I love this game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|wonderful on the kindle fire! The games are fun and keep you busy for hours of fun. This games has all kinds of games.
B005KELQEU|5.0|I was just looking for the basics. Nothing fancy, but functional. Something that would protect my basic Kindle. This product delivers just that. The fit is great. I trimmed down the foam insert that came with my case, and it offers a little better protection than without it. There's not much to say other than it does what it said it would, and does it well. I'd prefer a different color, but bottom line for me is function and this is a solid value.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|you can play for days and still not ne done with all of them. great for car trips or air plains.
B003UESJF6|5.0|I did not know anything about this movie until a friend and I were bored one night and decided to watch a movie.  He chose Megamind and we laughed the whole way through the movie.  Will Ferrell is hilarious along with Tina Fey and the rest of the cast.  For children, it is clean humor with a message to all- \\"you are what you choose to be.\\"  Very cute movie.  I watch it all the time since I have bought it.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I've been using Evernote for years, and I love it.  From my laptop to my phone to my Kindle Fire, Evernote gets the job done.
B004A1Y4UM|5.0|First off how do you review Volbeat??  They are an original ripoff of everyone you know.  At the end of the day they are where the misfits left off, but they've perfected the formula.  Catchy riffs, awesome sounds, perfect choruses and the whole album is a sing-a-long.  I can't believe a band like this has had this many albums out and I've never heard of them.  They are a mix of misfits meet Metallica meets Sentenced and then some, and I'm sure they don't mind the comparison cause they know who they are and what they're doing and they do it better than anyone else.  Easily the best of the year...
B005L3HJ8M|4.0|I'm a huge Coldplay fan.  Tho I like this album, and a few songs are phenomenal, I wasn't totally in love with it.  Not their greatest work.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|Loved this movie- it convicted me of how lightly I take my role in the home. It more importantly reminded me of my heavenly Father and how good He has been to give my Christlike father to me.  Five stars without hesitation.
B0064X7FVE|1.0|How is it even possible to not have a map on a weather app? sounds from other reviews like it may appear on android phones, but I can tell you its not on the kindle version. so just get rid of it. my recommendation is to go with the accuweather app. its got hourly as well and it has a map.
030788743X|3.0|It's not a bad book ... but I was quickly worn down by the 80's references.  We get it ... you loved the 80s ... enough already.  It's one thing to casually put in 80s nostalgia, it's another thing to name-drop stuff just to make yourself look cool.  There were so many times that I cringed as I read the book.  That being said, the story itself isn't bad and was entertaining at times, but the writing style really made me want to put it down several times.
B000002H2H|1.0|Why is this album highly praised? Was it becuase the movie OLD SCHOOL had it in the background? maybe so.Metallica sucks. The only decent albums they have are load and reload and their masterpiece ST anger. Their first 5 albums are really bad.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|Love it! Pic is a little small to find things at times but I am addicted. haven't been able to stop playing.
1439102724|5.0|Goodreads Description- One miscarriage too many spelled the end of Max and Zoe Baxter's marriage. Though the former couple went quite separate ways, their fates remained entangled: After veering into alcoholism, Max is saved in multiple senses by his fundamentalist conversion; Zoe, for her part, finds healing relief in music therapy and the friendship, then romantic love with Vanessa, her counselor. After Zoe and Vanessa, now married, decide to have a baby, they realize that they must join battle with Max, who objects on both religious and financial grounds.<br /><br />There are so many things I wish I could say about this book. I was at a loss of words when I finished it, and I still am speechless. But I want to write this review while the emotions it evoked are still at their strongest.<br /><br />Picoult's characters are splendid - by the middle of the book I was immersed in Zoe's yearning for children and Max's difficulty with alcohol abuse, and I felt like they were real, breathing people. Vanessa's no-nonsense attitude I admired, and side characters like Dara and Lucy I came to love as well.<br /><br />The writing was superb as always.  The way she engages readers with detail and finesse is extraordinary. It is quite obvious she spent a great deal of time researching not only fertility treatments but IVF in particular.  I am also amazed at the legal details she presents concerning GLBT rights as well as Evangelical Christian beliefs.  She sites legal cases on both sides of the fence and I am sure Picoult has received positive and negative feedback from both sides of the aisle.  Which leads me to the element that really made me appreciate this novel- Picoult's take on gay marriage, and homosexual inequality in contemporary society. I cannot adequately state how inspiring this book was to me in that regard.  At first she seems to just present the facts and beliefs from both the Christian right and the GLBT community.  It then becomes clear where the author stands when it comes to civil rights for ALL people.  I applaud her courage for writing such a controversial book that strongly supports gay rights.  What an inspiring read for any person who is having difficulty with coming to terms with their own sexuality.<br /><br />I normally do not leave quotes from books, but as a liberal Catholic, these words really stood out for me.  It is so powerful and eloquent but so simple to understand that I had to include it in my review.<br /><br />  \\"I remember my mother telling me that, when she was a little girl in Catholic school, the nuns  used to hit her left hand every time she wrote with it. Nowadays, if a teacher did that, she'd probably be arrested for child abuse. The optimist in me wants to believe sexuality will eventually become like handwriting: there's no right way or wrong way to do it. We're all just wired differently.<br /><br />It's also worth nothing that, when you meet someone, you never bother to ask if he's right- or left- handed.<br /><br />After all: Does it really matter to anyone other than the person holding the pen?\\"<br /><br />My own hopes for the future are that it never matters who is holding the pen.  5 stars!!s for ALL people.  I applaud her courage for writing such a controversial book that strongly supports gay rights.  What an inspiring read for any person who is having difficulty with coming to terms with their own sexuality.  I normally do not leave quotes from books, but as a liberal Catholic, these words really stood out for me.  It is so powerful and eloquent but so simple to understand that I had to include it in my review.    \\"I remember my mother telling me that, when she was a little girl in Catholic school, the nuns  used to hit her left hand every time she wrote with it. Nowadays, if a teacher did that, she'd probably be arrested for child abuse. The optimist in me wants to believe sexuality will eventually become like handwriting: there's no right way or wrong way to do it. We're all just wired differently.  It's also worth nothing that, when you meet someone, you never bother to ask if he's right- or left- handed.  After all: Does it really matter to anyone other than the person holding the pen?\\"  My own hopes for the future are that it never matters who is holding the pen.  5 stars!!
1904994768|5.0|MY 11 YEAR OLD son loves this book!   He has not been this excited about a book since Diary of a Wimpy Kid
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its a fun.game and I.always play.it to pass time I.suggest getting it, its fun and always challangeing grhrhfhf f ff
B002V1GZR8|5.0|I truly love this book. It's so touching and endearing and I just couldn't put it down once I started it.
B004EPYZSU|3.0|Well, you have to say this about Cowboys and Aliens: It knows exactly what is. I mean, the name of the movie IS Cowboys and Aliens. So you have to tip your hat to it for its honesty. I have never read the graphic novel that this movie is based on, so I can't vouch for how close Jon Favreau's movie stays with it.  For once in a western, the main character really IS a \\"Man With No Name\\" as Daniel Craig wakes up in the middle of a desert in the Old West with no memory of who he is or how he got there. Unfortunately for him, the residents of the nearby town haven't forgotten him. They know him as Jake Lonergan, a notorious outlaw wanted for robbery and murder among other things. He doesn't help his situation by racking the ne'er do well son of the local cattle baron, Woodrow Dolarhyde (Harrison Ford), in the groin either. Dolarhyde. Wow. That is a name steeped in all kinds of allusions, isn't it?....money, Mr. Hyde, formaldehyde, Dickens, etc. Woodrow is borderline psychotic because of his Civil War experiences so he lives up to some of the connotations of his name. Jake is about to get hauled off to trial to face his crimes, when ray beam blasting aliens from outer space send the whole town to Hell! Luckily for the humans, Jake has an alien wrist weapon that allows him to use the rootin tootin sci-fi tech of the aliens against them. Olivia Wilde also shows up as a mysterious gun-toting woman named Ella who is much more than she seems. And she stays that way, mysterious, before eventually giving some of her background that lasts all of 1 minute. Wilde is horribly utilized in this movie, mainly because her only function seems to be to say \\"They're here\\" when the aliens so obviously show up on the scene. It's up to Jake to find a way to lead the townspeople, outlaws, Native Americans, kids, and even dogs against some aliens who vaguely resemble miniature Rancors.  Like so many movies these days, Cowboys and Aliens is ok to watch once and be entertained, but you probably will never want to see it again. In that respect it reminds me a lot of Favreau's Iron Man films. And I can expand that to most movies based on comic books that have come out in recent years. They look flashy, they pop, they sizzle, but in the end they shrivel under closer inspection.  If there's one thing I can't stand about alien movies, it's when the aliens are basically just like us. In other words, Star Wars anthropomorphic boringness. I much prefer the creepiness of aliens like those in 2001, Solaris, or even the original Alien (although that may change after Prometheus). The whole \\"the aliens are here to steal our resources\\" shtick is just so old at this point. Can't we imagine aliens that go beyond just our own oil-sucking fantasies?  I was kinda surprised that Harrison Ford took this role since he's always critical of his Star Wars movies like they were so far beneath him. It almost made me laugh when I saw him go all Marlon Brando with Woodrow and try to make him into a living breathing character right out of Unforgiven. Daniel Craig did a good job even though without Bond behind his name, he's really not a leading man.  This movie didn't do very well, costing $163 million to make and only grossing around $100 million in the US. Taking foreign revenue into account, it made about a $10 million profit which is probably way below what the studio was expecting.  I wouldn't buy this movie, but it's definitely worth a rental.
0439023513|4.0|WHy kill Prim? I am so crossed. i am so crossed.  Brillant book though.  But i have to say this book is over-rated because  the stories are not so original and the overall plot is quite predictable
B006VRZ5YM|1.0|Some girl goes into a panic after reading a women's magazine that says sleeping with 20 men is the limit as far as being marriageable goes. Passing that magic number means she will be single and living alone for the rest of her life. After sleeping with #20 in a drunken haze, she beats the system by hiring her handsome neighbor to find her old boyfriends so she can find a husband among them rather than moving forward and sleeping with another 20 men. Unfunny hijinks ensue.  The quality of the acting is terrible. The story is terrible and doesn't hang together at all. The movie runs like a series of SNL vignettes, of which there are about 20 mini stories. And like SNL, they aren't funny and they run on too long.  The cultural references are incredibly trendy now, but this throwaway movie is going to be incredibly dated 3 years from now when the next-best-thing has replaced Google, Facebook, and Twitter. If you are reading this review in any year after 2012, be aware this movie will look ridiculous.  Stay away from this movie if you are over 25 years old. That seems to be the target audience age, but anyone older is going to scratch their heads wondering what possessed anyone to make this dog of a movie.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Just got the game a few days ago but so far I am loving it.  It is great for passing time !! And challenging enough to keep it fun.
B0060FXBNM|3.0|It IS the same exact thng, exact package and everything. I just got done watching the first movie. I was very upset! I just bought a blu ray player today and i got this to go along with it so its the VERY FIRST BLU RAY I HAVE EVER SEEN and i was shocked! At first because i was wowed by the clarity and then after 10 minutes in the movie I noticed static/grainy parts. I thought it was a bad connection first but, NOPE. i rewound it to check it was a glitch or something but, NOPE AGAIN! it was the blu ray itself. I was wowed again at HOW CRAPPY the quality had gotten and also made me more pissed was that i paid $45 for this, not the price offered here. Regardless, i like this trilogy and hope that the other 2 discs are flawless and have no grain but i will find THAT out tomorrow. Also, there was no 2nd disc with my \\"movie set\\" just the same as everyone is complaining about. (Disc 1 and no disc 2 included) Especially for the price i paid, i knew i had to write a review. I hope my choice to buy a blu ray player is well worth it and I SERIOUSLY HOPE all other movies I watch on blu ray are NOT dissapointments like i experianced today!
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy to use. basic solitaire game. no complaints, especially for a free app.  what more can I say!  I enjoy it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game. It is what I play the most when I am on my kindle. it is very fun.
0385534639|2.0|I tried to get into this book but I just got lost and disengaged.  The premise is OK but the execution did not do it for me.  I ended up putting it down unfinished.
B00004U8P9|5.0|I am probably one of the few on here who was addicted to this filmin 77 - 78  and sawit every sat night for two years, back when it was only in the midnights.  in the wonderful and insane 70's.  That is the way it was ment to be seen.
B0052U59F4|5.0|This is tied for the best series that I have ever read (tied with Thoughtless and Effortless by S C Stephens).  Absolutely a must read.  The character building is fabulous!  I am not usually a fan of the Dom/Sub culture, but this story captured my emotions and I could not put it down.  I read the entire trilogy in 2 days, only taking cat naps to survive. Part one, \\"Shades of Grey\\" is disturbing at times, but do not let that discourage you from reading the series, because it does come full circle in the end.  This series is dramatically intense, sizzling hot, and heartwarming. Congratulation E L James!!! You have written a masterpiece!!!!!
0393072231|5.0|Definitely one of the best books I've read in the last several years.  I very rarely write reviews on Amazon but Lewis deserves kudos for The Big Short.  Only the best writers are able to make prose so easy and wonderful to read.  The Big Short provides an incisive analysis of the subprime crisis that brilliantly explains complex phenomena to readers who may have very little financial knowledge. He makes it deeply interesting even for those far away from Wall Street.  Finally, it's a richly observed character study of several little-known individuals who deserve to have their stories told.  This book (and the people it describes) are one of the few happy endings to one of the worst economic disasters in US history.
B0058PJ6NE|1.0|I had this installed for a minute, wouldn't let me change channels. once you remove a channel your done. I fail to see why apps with a bug like this are allowed in the store. doesn't anyone test?
B0054JZC6E|5.0|always new games to play when you have enough coins and when you want new ideas or fun things to do and fun stuff like that
B005KELQEU|5.0|The listing said that the case had imperfections, but I have not been able to find any.  My Kindle touch fit in perfectly.  I feel more confident about throwing the Kindle in my suitcase or travel bag when it is in this case.
B000000OU6|5.0|Superb disc! full of great riffs and Eric Dover's voice is EXC. I wish they would get together again and write more music!
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|Tied for the best series that I have ever read (tied with Thoughtless and Effortless by S C Stephens).  The love story between Ana and Christian is addictive and will haunt your thoughts long after you are finished reading it.  You will fall in love with the characters and crave more. I read the entire series in 2 days, only taking cat naps to survive.  But now that I am finished, I still can't sleep because I want \\"more\\" Fifty Shades. Great job E. L. James!!! You are brilliant!!!!
0439023513|5.0|Mockingjay is the third and final book in the Hunger Games series and quiet possibly one of the best as well.  Suzanne Collins does an excellent job in making Mockingjay a brilliant conclusion to the trilogy
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app is very fun . I enjoy most all games on it. Although there were some games I don't understand but I still love it!!
B005G4TJI4|3.0|The special effects were excellent.  The story was easy to follow and the writers did a wonderful job.  As usual the talented Shia LeBeouf carried this movie and made it look effortless.  Again.  Was so glad to see the return of Tyrese and Josh as the fearless fighting forces.  Looks like Michael B got the best out of all his actors....that is exept for the female lead.  Never thought I'd say this but...I missed Megan Fox.  What were the casting directors thinking?  I'm going to buy the movie but I actually had to stop and think about it...not something I do if I really liked the film.  If they make another Transformers here's a hint...if you have to beg Megan to come back?  Do. It.
B005SV9X22|5.0|I'm completely biased. I love anything and EVERYTHING \\"Gaga\\".  The concert is amazing, and getting to see backstage makes me happy.
0061537969|5.0|I have to start with the voice. What inspired writing! I fell in love with the dog right away and felt it was the best part of the book. From there, I really enjoyed the story. My only hesitation was with the teenaged girl. The situation felt false, as if needed to make the plot work, which I realize it did. But that is such a small part of such a fantastic book. It felt fresh and the characters felt real. And the ending was done so marvelously. This book is truly a masterpiece.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|This is tied for the best series that I have ever read (tied with Thoughtless and Effortless by S C Stephens).  Love it, love it, love it.  Part 2 \\"Fify Shades Darker\\" is my favorite in the trilogy.  Ana and Christian's relationship becomes \\"more\\", but it is not fairytale perfect.  With brilliantly written words,E L James makes the characters come to real life in your imagination.  This story is suspenseful, heartbreaking, heartwarming and undeniably HOT!  Hats off to E L James!!! Great story!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I play on the kindle fire and it is an amazing time waster. And has hours of games to play!
B0063IH60K|4.0|Love is game! And it's easy to play on the kindle. I like that u can change the background and card backs.
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|After watching the movie just found i loved the lovely music all the better when its longer snipet its very calming  and uplifting .
B0054JZC6E|3.0|okay, poor graphics, fun to pass the time, cannot earn enough points without buying or downloading extras,  very basic but fun
0743454537|2.0|Jodi, Jodi, Jodi. Why'd you have to play me that way? I fell in love with you characters, warts and all, because they felt so real. And then you ripped the rug out from under me with such a far-fetched, sensationalistic ending. I just wanted to scream. You don't need to do that. You're such a fantastic writer. What felt so real turned suddenly false. I wished you'd given this book the ending it deserved, then I would have added two more stars to this review.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|A great experience. Beautiful sound, great puzzles, a must have on Kindle Fire. A+++ app .. get it now while its only a buck.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|What happened to this application it worked fine up until the most recent update slow download speeds and freezing and force closing all the time.
B004J09ONG|5.0|Initially, I watched it for my love of animals. But this is an amazing story. I love Elsa and was warmed in my belly. Happy and sad is the best way to describe it. I was on an emotional roller coaster. I have a love hate relationship with this movie. Great job!
B004FOA84A|5.0|I love puzzle games and other than being way too short, it did not disappoint. Found it challenging, yet appropriate for kids too. Please make more!
0316098329|3.0|I know this book has received some rave reviews and, I must say, I did enjoy reading it. But the first eighty pages were such a chore to get through before the book really took off. The author took a risk by choosing a five year-old boy as the voice and I do think it paid off. The unique perspective added a great touch to the book, and it didn't take long to get used to. Still, the set up took to long. It was a difficult wait. Once it did, though, I was captivated. I recommend it but, if you are like me, you have to commit to reading the whole book or you will probably be disappointed.
B005HSG3U6|5.0|I bought the Kindle Fire as a Christmas present for myself, and I absolutely love it. This must of been a top gift this year because I know so many people who also got the Kindle Fire for Christmas. I ordered it with 2-day shipping and it was at my door the next day, delivered by UPS. I waited to order the case for it, which I would not recommend, get a case for it right away. This case I bought in white because I get everything in white, and I absolutely love it. Don't worry about it getting dirty, cuz you can clean it really easily. It's cleaning product friendly.  I think what i like most about this case is it's simplicity. I literally carry my Kindle in my purse with this case. That just reminded me another great reason to get white is because you can see it in your bag easily, unlike black that blends in with everything.  I also ordered the tablet pen that you can use in place of your finger. I only ordered it because it was a few bucks and thought it was cool. It works great, but i find i never really use it, i just use my finger.  This was my first purchase of any type of tablet, and I am very satisfied. I wanted to get one for years and I am so happy I finally got one.  The first thing I did was connect it to the WiFi at home, and it was really easy to set up. You just go to settings and click WiFi, and then enter your user name and password. Wait a few minutes and your connected. You can browse the web, download apps, and get movies, books, and more.  The battery life is pretty good, If I do an hour of reading a night it lasts me about a week without having to charge it again. Keep in mind that it depends onwhat your doing on it, obviously if your going to be watching a movie, the battery is going to drain a lot faster.  I also was unaware that I was going to get a free month of Amazon Prime membership with my purchase of this Kindle. I'm happy I just realized a few days before it is about to expire, because I was able to get a bunch of free stuff on my Kindle.  I was pretty surprised that the speakers on this thing were loud. I have a lot of apple products, not the ipad, but laptop, iphone, and i'm always so disappointed about the quality of the speakers.  If anyone has any specific questions on the Kindle Fire just ask, and I will try to answer you. I know I was reading so many reviews before I bought this device, so if I can help anyone out, I will receive an email from amazon if you comment on my review and I will answer you.
B001P06GX4|5.0|So much fun!  I'd give the game a 5 for durability but it is possible to break the game board if the kids get too rambunctious.  The only drawback is that the pieces can be lost and render the game unfair.  That aside, I love to play Blokus.  Our daughter introduced it to us last year at Christmas.  This year we gave a new one to one of our grandchildren.  I like the fact that any age can participate.  You just have to alter the rules for the appropriate age group.
B0046MOVD0|3.0|I wish they had not made this is 3D.  I have the Bluray non 3D version.  There was so much attention paid to having a 3D effect it took away from what probably could have been much better seens.  The story itself isn't they best of the series, but it's good.  I only gave it 3 stars because of the 3D.  I've seen other 3D movies that looked great in 3D, this just isn't one of them.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun game but does get annoying is a great game to waste time I rate it 4 thumbs up do get this game
B002ZG9788|4.0|This remake of the original Clash of the Titans film is certainly missing much in the way of story.  It garbles classic Greek Mythology tales and pukes it out on the other side.  Literary or mythology buffs will certainly laugh at the ridiculousness of how certain classic stories are played out or even by how certain classical characters are changed (a black Pegasus?  Seriously?).  I had major issues the first time I watched this movie and immediately labeled it a failure.  However, after watching it a second time I realized something I had missed during the first viewing.  This movie was fun!  It has all the makings of a classic adventure: monsters, a villain from the Land of the Dead, a reluctant hero....with an accent! And best of all, Liam punch-a-wolf-in-the-face Neeson as Zeus King of the Gods.  If you take the movie as is, a sand and sandal fantasy adventure, it's excellent.  No expense was spared on the creature effects, either.  If all you're looking for is a fun adventure at an excellent price (Amazon sold it to me for under $10) then I highly recommend this.  Note: I know that there's both a 3D version and a standard Blu-Ray edition, I saw the movie in 3D in the theaters and recently watched the standard Blu-Ray version....I preferred it in the standard Blu-Ray.  The movie is gorgeous in full HD.
0439023513|3.0|Obviously if you read the first two, this is a must. If not, this is book three of the Hunger Games trilogy. This series is about 40% arena games/60% war story, with awesome characters, and some romance. The series is very brutal and seems to get darker and more gory the more you read. The writing is excellent, but might repeat some stuff other authors wouldn't. Collins is also super creative, and most of her brutal, barbaric scenes, are actually hillarious, depending on how you look at them. Examples... \\"Annie went mad when she saw her partner beheaded.\\" I would too! \\"We had neaghboring cells and got use to each others screams.\\" Even Katniss's bad dreams can be symbolic and sometimes humorous. \\"I didn't want to hear them talking so I made their voices blend into the clicking sounds I heard in the arena. If that didn't work, I just moaned until gave me more morphling.\\" Stuff like that. The first time you read these you think it's barbaric. Read it again and you can see alot of dark humor Collins must have had a blast writing.  This one, is all about the war...Katniss, \\"One of the greatest characters of all time\\" Is the the Mockingjay. Or the leader of the rebellion. As long as she lives, the rebellion does. Her role resembles Mel Gibson's in Braveheart. This book is also in the mold of all war books as we deal with nearly everyone dying, depression, and even madness. Collins attempted to make a realistic war novel, but give it a reasonably good ending, which she did but...  But the ending drives me mad.. Not because it's sad, but because it's not really answered. Several questions at the end of this book are sort of answered, but you can make a argument either way. All three books have placed a huge importance to the TV audience. I'd guess 30% of the plots have been how the audience reacts to stuff. Well when this book ends, we have no idea what the audience thinks. Imporant events happen at the end of this one and we can only speculate..  A key character is killed.Is is a accidental or intentional murder? We can only guess. Does the public know why? Did the cause leading up the this really happen? Is it from paranoia? Why is just one person punished? It's hard to explain without spoiling it. I just hope Collins didn't do this on purpose. Let us make our own guess so we'd stay up many nights thinking about it.  Also what was Haymitch seeing eye to eye about? How did Peeta know about the Mockingjay secret pocket? How did they know where everyone would stand at the end? Why is someone who needs support not staying with their mother? These are just some of the unanswered questions. No Collins couldn't have left all of these questions hanging out there on purpose. She had to be drunk and just sent the book in.  Overall Collins writes a great war trilogy, that while depressing, has a ending that's almost good. \\"Though alot of questions.\\" Unfortunatly, the beauty of this series is the first book, and while it's building up to a war, it's more about the games. HG's is aimed at teens and borders on too much violence, and the next two books actually have more,with even some of the main characters becoming murderers. I'm selfish, and while I respect Veterans, if I wanted a depressing war story, I could have watched Born on the Fourth of July. We Were Soldiers, or hundreds of other war movies already out there. This war while excellent, and well detailed, doesn't do much more than any of the movies already out there.
B003Y5H5EW|4.0|The Purge has begun.<br /><br />Underworld has approached Vampires and Lycans (werewolves) in a violent way from the beginning. That's what I enjoy most about the series. Vampires and Lycans ARE violent. They are not nice, glittery, controllable things. After the events of the second film we find out that the humans have found out about these species and are doing what they can to 'cleanse' the world of them. This of course has brought about a war of sorts between the three different races.<br /><br />Where we pick up is with Selene on her way to meet up with Michael to escape to a safer place, all the while she's showing she is still in top killing form, pulling off some beautiful moves. Things don't go as planned and she ends up waking up twelve years later in a cryogenic state. This is where the movie really starts.<br /><br />Kate Beckinsale returns to the Underworld universe after a one movie hiatus, instantly reminding us why she was so good in the first two films. Her moves are sharp and fast and she has that cold stare that can send chills. Selene is a Death Dealer, the last of her kind. In a world where Vampires are quick to run and hide, she still stands up and fights. In Awakening, she's not just killing to kill, she's killing to protect. This equation brings in a new dynamic that adds more ferver.<br /><br />For everything great that Awakening does, there were a few missteps. The CGI in more than a few scenes looks terrible, and the pacing at the beginning of the movie was far too brisk. Even I, someone who has seen the other films many times, was left wondering...'huh?' Once it settles down and decides what direction its gonna go in, the movie does a fine job of balancing pacing, action, and story. Awakening probably won't introduce new people to the series, but for those of us that enjoy the other films, it does a great job of building upon the story, adding a new dynamic and leaving more than a couple doors open for future installments.
B0063GORYU|5.0|What a great way to waste time. Its fun, easy, no distractions or interference. Works well on the Fire and its free.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Love the way you have to really use your mind to find everything.  Keep up the good work and continue to make the clues worthwhile.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I received a Kindle Fire for Christmas and was in sore need of a case especially to hold the device while watching Netflix.  I saw this on Amazon and thought the price was reasonable compared to some of the other cases available.  I knew I didn't want a fancy leather case, but I did want something that would be solid and reliable.  This met all my requirements.  The case itself feels sturdy and solid.  I know some of the other reviews have stated that it doesn't hold the Kindle up when propped, but it works just fine for me.  I have found the only times you would have problems with this is if you're attempting to use the case to prop the device on a non-solid surface such as a bed or soft couch cushion.  The case requires the weight of the device to hold it in place, if it's not stable it will fall flush.  Again, at the price this is a solid case and well worth the money.
0439023491|3.0|Sequel to the Hunger Games.<br /> This book shows how Katniss and the Capitol deal with the fallout of her berry trick. Her act of defiance was seen as a spark that could ignite a uprising. Katniss wants to resume her old life, while the capitol wants to prevent a war, and get revenge on Katniss.<br /><br />The first half of this book is slow paced and depressing. We see little of Katniss rewards from Hunger Games while the capitol tries to manipulate her to stop a potential uprising. Then we have a action packed second half. CF is a excellent page turner that's a must read after the Hunger Games. We get more action, romance, more of the side characters from home, and meet some really cool new ones. It's exciting and gives us a cliffhanger ending so go ahead and buy Mockingjay too.<br /><br />Why did I give three stars? This book is excellent to read one time. She wrote a excellent sequel, but at what cost? Ironically, only about four chapters of this book are relevant to the trilogy. She could have took those and bypassed all the action in this one and placed it at the beginning of book three Mockingjay. Collins deliberately misleads us to set us up for a suprising ending. She manupulates each character to make unlikely actions to make her ending come out. The rebels could have avoided the action in this book easily, and the Capitols choice for this action seems questionable. I didn't notice most of this until I read it a few times, but looking back now, none of it makes sense. You'll notice the ending action sequence is messed up the first time you read it. Don't waste your time reading it again to make sense becuase it won't. The more you reread this, the more errors you find. Not only do idiotic character actions take place, but some even carry over into Mockingjay. She messes up Katniss a little, but that made her seem stronger to me. She makes Peeta a complete moron at times, yet still lets him make smart speeches. It's excellent entertainment and she wanted to extend the series, but couldn't she have thought the plot out better? I'll spoil below, but this book proves that the Hunger Games perfection was a fluke, and Collins is mediocre at best. Lots of people can write a book if it's all bull poopie and makes no sense.<br />In Hunger Games I thought Clove knew a bit too much, but it is possible she was chasing Rue around in scenes we didn't see, that makes it possible, and not a mistake. Also she seemed to delebirately steer Katniss away from having to kill many people, but that's possible too. Everything in HG's seems possible to me, so I call it perfection. In this one, there is lots of choices and manipulation that makes no sense. Read this book once and try not to think too hard at the decisions.<br /><br />SPOILERS.<br />Stuff that makes no sense.<br />The rebels start planning to break them out when they heard the anouncement. Why would they let them go to the games in the first place? They had six months to save all of the tributes. The only possible reason is to blow the force field. Is that reason enough to risk lives? They could have saved everyone and district 12 could have been more prepared for a bombing.<br />They don't want Katniss to know about the escape plan incase she's taken. Well if she's taken, the mission fails! Peeta could be the Mockingjay, but one of them should have known. Haymitch could whisper \\"We're going to try and break you out. Trust Finnick.\\" This is a move Collins does to keep us guessing and suprise us later. Once they enter the arena at all, everything is a error. They're going to risk their Mockingjays life on all those monkeys? And what about her allies? What if Katniss had broke the alliance? To many what ifs for not telling her to make sense.<br />Why did Beetee seperate them? A hour from rescue, you're going to seperate your party? They could have ran the wire before, or just stood there. Made up some reason to wait.<br />Why did Johanna do such a risky messy job? Enemies are close and you're going to knock out the person you want to protect? Then leave them there and hope for the best?<br />Not to mention Brutis a brutal killer deciding she's as good as dead. As many games as he's watched and he's going to walk away? I don't think so.<br />Why is Enobaria there with Finnick at the end? Is this a typo? They didn't say she was in on the escape, but regardless, why don't they save her too? She's right there.<br />The whole rebel plan is completed by the chance that Katniss figures it out with a concussion. Total garbage.<br />What about the capitol? They can't risk killing Katniss off accidently, so decide a games is less risky. This doesn't make sense, and putting her in a wedding dress sure didn't. Did they want a rebellion?<br />Which brings us to Katniss. By sending her to the games, they gave her unlimited chances to speak up for the uprising, but she never said one word. Katniss turns out to be the most cowardly of the bunch. The first half of the book I can understand Katniss being afraid, but once your sentenced to die you have no reason to play nice. Until she blows the forcefield she doesn't do one rebellious thing.<br />Peeta... Spends the first part of this book still angry over the romance, then angry at the situation their in, when he caused it. Later he pours out Haymitch's liquor. This seems reasonable, but when you think about it, it's a huge insult. He's basically saying Haymitch didn't do a good enough job last time even though it was Haymitch that got them both out. Yes. Peeta's idea, but Haymitch pushed Katniss in the right direction. In Mockingjay we find out quitting drinking nearly kills Haymitch, but not this time. In the arena he gives Katniss this speech on why she should win and not him. It's beautiful writing and a nice romantic scene, but it's stupid. Why are they in the arena? To kill Katniss. If she doesn't die there, they will find a way. That means the whole romantic speech is stupid. Katniss thought his best argument was the baby so she's idiotic too. The whole conversation is pointless. The only thing that matters is that Katniss has to die.<br />I'm nitpicking, but these are just some of the examples of how Collins wanting to stretch the series, actually weakens it. I can imagine her agent saying \\"We just have to send them to the arena again. It sells so well.\\"<br />That's fine, but make it work without killing the whole series. I bet Collins wrote half the book before she realized how dumb it was, but didn't want to rewrite it. Laziness and presure produce a book like this that doesn't work. I love the arena and her action scenes, but these just don't fit. Not if you pay too much attention.ose and you're going to knock out the person you want to protect? Then leave them there and hope for the best?<br />Not to mention Brutis a brutal killer deciding she's as good as dead. As many games as he's watched and he's going to walk away? I don't think so.<br />Why is Enobaria there with Finnick at the end? Is this a typo? They didn't say she was in on the escape, but regardless, why don't they save her too? She's right there.<br />The whole rebel plan is completed by the chance that Katniss figures it out with a concussion. Total garbage.<br />What about the capitol? They can't risk killing Katniss off accidently, so decide a games is less risky. This doesn't make sense, and putting her in a wedding dress sure didn't. Did they want a rebellion?<br />Which brings us to Katniss. By sending her to the games, they gave her unlimited chances to speak up for the uprising, but she never said one word. Katniss turns out to be the most cowardly of the bunch. The first half of the book I can understand Katniss being afraid, but once your sentenced to die you have no reason to play nice. Until she blows the forcefield she doesn't do one rebellious thing.<br />Peeta... Spends the first part of this book still angry over the romance, then angry at the situation their in, when he caused it. Later he pours out Haymitch's liquor. This seems reasonable, but when you think about it, it's a huge insult. He's basically saying Haymitch didn't do a good enough job last time even though it was Haymitch that got them both out. Yes. Peeta's idea, but Haymitch pushed Katniss in the right direction. In Mockingjay we find out quitting drinking nearly kills Haymitch, but not this time. In the arena he gives Katniss this speech on why she should win and not him. It's beautiful writing and a nice romantic scene, but it's stupid. Why are they in the arena? To kill Katniss. If she doesn't die there, they will find a way. That means the whole romantic speech is stupid. Katniss thought his best argument was the baby so she's idiotic too. The whole conversation is pointless. The only thing that matters is that Katniss has to die.<br />I'm nitpicking, but these are just some of the examples of how Collins wanting to stretch the series, actually weakens it. I can imagine her agent saying \\"We just have to send them to the arena again. It sells so well.\\"<br />That's fine, but make it work without killing the whole series. I bet Collins wrote half the book before she realized how dumb it was, but didn't want to rewrite it. Laziness and presure produce a book like this that doesn't work. I love the arena and her action scenes, but these just don't fit. Not if you pay too much attention.
B00664AM5C|3.0|Contagion is a movie about the spread of a disease and how easy it is to contract it.<br /><br />Gywneth Paltrow is the instigator. From there it just spreads and spreads...and spreads. I always knew Gwyneth Paltrow would be the death of this world.<br /><br />In all honesty though, this film is terrifying but it just moves too fast. You don't really get what's going on until the disease has already claimed lives. That's not to say that the film doesn't have some solid story telling. It does. Contagion follows the lives of five different people. Matt Damon knows about the disease more than most because it claimed the life of not only his wife (Paltrow), but his son as well. From there we see him coping with that, and trying to protect his daughter from falling victim as well. Kate Winslet is the person put in charge of containing and combating the virus, even trying to find the source. Her boss, Laurence Fishburne, is the head of the CDC, so not only is he having to explain to the populace about what's happening, but he's also doing what he can to keep his lover safe. Jude Law is the arrogant blogger hellbent on outing CDC for all the wrong they've done in reaction to dealing with this disease. And finally, the beautiful Marion Cotillard is sent to find find the origin. Once she does, she is subjected to a kidnapping of sorts.<br /><br />So, the director has a lot of story to tell in a slim 106 minutes. He does a respectible job, but some characters don't feel very fleshed out. Well...scratch that, none feel very real. I understand the primary story is about how the world dealt with the quick spread of this very dangerous disease. Yet, the story of the disease centers around the reaction of these five characters. Matt Damon, for instance, lost his wife and son, and on top of that found out she was rearranging her schedule to meet up with another man and cheat on him. Yet, we never see him truly deal with those facts.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, Contagion is a frightening, unnerving movie dealing with a very real threat. But, the resolution just kind of happens and then it ends. That's where my problem is. The acting is superb, but there's no real script to speak of. Recommended viewing? Yes. Essential viewing? No. With a cast as talented as this, you can't help but expect something better.very real threat. But, the resolution just kind of happens and then it ends. That's where my problem is. The acting is superb, but there's no real script to speak of. Recommended viewing? Yes. Essential viewing? No. With a cast as talented as this, you can't help but expect something better.
B006LS7DQE|3.0|I really enjoy the game when it works but it hangs up periodically during a battle and you have to try 3 or 4 times to have game get past the hang up. so far its happened in 3 diff boss fights.
B004EPYZSK|4.0|I totally expected this to be a good movie... and I was not disappointed in any way.  I love westerns and alien movies so, when this movie came out I was so excited because it combined both.  Tough guy Daniel Craig is kind of hard to believe as a cowboy under normal circumstances but.... WHO CARES!  I loved the movie.  A great storyline, good acting, a lot of good old fashioned western action...even the Native American Indians got involved.  It was great!  Good graphics.  I highly recommend it!
B006R8GK2Q|4.0|Very entertaining, kinda expensive but it plays well on my fire and I am enjoying the game!! Fabulous colors and easy to play and a ok story line.
B000ANVQ0K|5.0|About 40 minutes plus into Titanic, we see a lady named Rose running along the side of the ship. The reason? Well lets start with: She has a near-big life living with her moronic tramp excuse for a mother, is engaged to a complete ass of a man named Cal Hockley, who is the son of a laid-back mother in case you're wondering, both mothers have a ton of money, and does Cal-- I could go on all day. The real issue is: Rose sees a little girl in 1 of the Titanic's dining room, getting prepared for dinner. The real horror to Rose comes when the girl's napkin is letting settled on her lap by her rich mother. The reason for her horror is because the fictional character Rose is said to 17, an age where anyone that young can get confused about whats normal and whats not. \\"Is being spoiled normal?\\" seems to be the question on Rose's mind, but its not shown. In place of that, Rose runs out to the back end rail of Titanic, and is seeming like ready to attempt suicide, that is until a young man named Jack, who in movie really is as far from \\"normal\\" as someone can possibly get, shows up to convince her not to jump to the freezing waters of the N. Atlantic. Jack is poor guy/slash artist, whose pictures I won't go into detail with for the sake of my account getting in trouble, and I'm sure people are curious as to why this writer in his 20's is giving this movie a Perfect 5.  The reason why to me Titanic is excellent on a grand scale, is not because of the love story that exists here, though the formula does work on account of movie genius James Cameron. Its because of the realism that does exist within the story that Cameron conjures. The story is a team of scientists are looking for the \\"Heart Of The Ocean\\", a heart-shaped necklace said to have sunk with the Titanic back in April 1912. Even though the necklace couldn't be found, another clue soon has them meet with the older Rose 8 decades removed from the Titanic tragedy. Then is where she tells her story about her being on Titanic, and meeting Jack, and the event when the Titanic accidentally strikes an iceberg, and then dooming the cruise ship said to be biggest thing built by human hands.  The sequence where the Titanic last calls on its sinking is probably the craziest, saddest and horrifying event I've ever seen, much devastating is that it did actually happen, and then the ship finally sinks resulting in hundreds dead.  I don't understand why people are shooting this movie to pieces. After this, I do have a new respect for James Cameron. I thought it was gonna be horrible myself. WAKE UP!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is an awesome game but the games are too hard for littler kids but I like it a lot!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|i like this app. the first set of games were easy to get threw, but then they get hard. i don't like how u have to earn coins and then spend them on another game, but other then that, its a pretty good apl
B004WR125O|5.0|I had read reviews that it was difficult to setup, but I had it up and running in just minutes. All you have to do is read the simple instructions and you can eliminate one more wire behind your system. Works like it should. Have the app for my Samsung GS4 and can control the receiver from anywhere in the house. Onkyo needs to update their app as i can not see the net information of the now playing (not an issue that has to do with this adapter, rather the application on the phone)
B006JPS1OM|5.0|as good as any other of the hundreds of games just like it put out in the last few years
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its very fun and great for passing the time. My only problem with it would be that the offers appear on a webpage. It would be much better if it showed up in the appstore.
B0063IH60K|5.0|On the kindle fire the game<br /> is easy with a fun format-also free. Would highly recommend to fans of the game!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|i use it for book notes, shopping lists, everything. just wish it'd stop asking for updates. perfect for anyone and everyone.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great game its a little hard for my bro. but in all its fun I suggest you get it their are a lot of games to unlock. it also worked great for my kindel fire.
0307888681|5.0|This is a book about zombies and as we all know anything about zombies is awesome and always will be forever and ever amen
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I love watching nascar sprint mobile and angry birds makes me even angrier when the Indianapolis colts only win two races this season but it was pretty cool when they beat the tenesssee Titans hockey team in a ping-pong Olympic sprint grandtrismo exhibition shooting foozball air-hockey paintballing airsofting foot race considering Tom Brody was there team captain I played angry birds and felt the sudden urge to purchase a basketball-helmet and a football-bat I hope the this game inspires you to watch the same sport that I told you about earlier.Gods speed to you all and great health to your families
B004UID2LC|1.0|I can't get so many videos.  I can't find download mp3s on my phone.  I can't even search so many videos on YouTube that I can find on my PC.  Moreover, it crashes so often.
B005Z271Y6|5.0|This DVD is one of the most entertaining, well done concerts I've seen in a long time. No changing clothes every ten minutes, a lot of fun chatter with a few f-bombs thrown in for good measure and you've got yourself an evening of entertainment you'll want to see over and over again. A CD comes with the DVD and it's in my car for listening to over and over again. If you like Adele, and I can't imagine anyone not liking her, you'll love this flawless live performance. She blasts the roof off the Royal Albert Hall.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|just okay nothing great but a good distraction in a waiting room after about third level need too many point to get new games
B005MYEPXC|5.0|I don't often buy movies, but this one is a keeper.  The film is clever, intelligent, whimsical, charming, and completely enchanting.  If you're a Woody Allen fan, you'll adore this film.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|wish games gave you instructions first so that you wont lose points when you first play the games.  otherwise they great.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|Wow! Just wow! It has been a long time since I last loved a book that much!!! Let me tell you that it is NOT a book for young adult! And it is NOT Twilight either!! This book is SO intense!!! The relationship between the heroes is explosive, and fantastic, and inspiring, ans so intense that you will cry at some point... I did!! ^^  The hero is a strong and tatooed man who fights (literally) for fun and money. He is intense in everything he does! And you don't mess with him... He is VERY possessive of Abby, the heroin, and will do whatever it takes to have and keep her! Even if he has to beat up guys, demolish her door to get to her, or brave a fire! He goes crazy when she leaves him!!  The heroin is hiding from her past, and appear prim and prop, but she is really strong inside, and she has a well-known nickname in Vegas, but I will let you discover that by yourself... ^^  They are of course attracted to each other, but it's the kind of attraction that is so strong that it becomes frightening! They literally can't live without the other, they love each other that much!!!  Their friends are well-developped, and you will just love them as much as the heros! They are so supportive of the heros, I would love to have such faithful friends!!!  The story doesn't have only one plot, but several. Not plots like \\"someone is after me, please protect me\\", but more like real life plots. The debts of the father, a trip to Vegas between friends, a jealous boyfriend, a meeting with his family...  Content: fightings, blood, a love-crazed hero, jealousy, heart-wrenching love, sex, strong friendship, poker, tatoos!!! JUST BUY IT!!!!
B0063GORYU|5.0|Easy to use and a comfortable interface.  Only quibbles relate to how it fits on the screen in landscape mode and that might be more of a fire problem.
0312335164|4.0|\\"Digital Fortress\\" starts out quickly and continues down a high-speed road of twists, turns and surprises. The basic premise is that a disgruntled former employee of the NSA has allegedly created an unbreakable encryption algorithm that he's threatening to release into the open - effectively rendering our anti-terrorism monitoring programs worthless. However, this man has died - and nobody knows who is now in control of this monster. More importantly...is this technology really what it appears to be?  As a computer geek, I enjoyed the authentic technology described in the book (though some of it was a bit \\"off\\"). Brown does his usual great job of building suspense and gradually guiding the reader to the final solution - which is almost never what it seems. I'll admit...I guessed wrong on this one. It's a great read that you will burn through quickly (it's short book compared to some of his others). Not as good as his other books, but break into this \\"Digital Fortress\\"...you'll enjoy the results.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Great game on the go or at home.  Just a great game period.  AND.  It is free on top of it!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|greatest game i play it all the time on every electronic i have. Passed all the levels like 3 times
B006AX6ONI|5.0|In all seriousness, the advice and motivation I got from this ebook is easily worth 10x the list price on Amazon. The book took me about 3 hours to read in one sitting, and it was one of the best 3 hours I've had in a LONG time. Seriously-- it is that good.<br /><br />Sure, almost all of the content can be found online scattered on his blog, but the $2.50 is worth it to have it all in one, beautifully flowing, ebook.<br /><br />Honestly, I can already tell this going to be one of those books that I read many, many times again.
0380799006|5.0|Sibling rivalry is such a prominent problem in society, one wonders if it arises from childhood attitudes, or parental attitudes and laxity in not pondering the problem for its emotional impact upon children - throughout their lives.  Certainly, for most people, introducing the problem is half the battle since awareness allows for proactive solutions rather than reactive solutions so that childhood conflicts never have a chance to become the strong influence they become without a method of early approach and resolution.  Natural love prevails over artificial love if nurtured to begin with, hopefully.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|I purchased my microShell cover in December. Thought I would try it before I wrote a review. It is exactly what I was looking for. It holds by Kindle Fire snugly and is very easy to hold. I have put a micro cloth into it before I close it so that I always have a cloth to clean the screen. I can now carry my Kindle in my purse without fear of it becoming damaged.  I would definitely buy another one if it ever becomes necessary.
B004CFAWK2|5.0|I absolutely hate reading as much as the next high school senior,  but this book litteratly consumed me, I couldn't put it down,and I absolutely loved it, it was the greatest book I have ever read in my entire life.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|this case is exactly what i expected.  it protects my kindle fire, isn't too bulky, and is priced similarly to all the other cases on Amazon.  i recommend it for anyone that has a kindle fire.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|No snorting hogs. No exploding birds.  Relaxing music plays in the background as you attempt to collect pearls.  If you feel stuck just tap the refresh Icon  A very relaxing game.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I didn't know anything about the Hunger Games series until I saw people getting excited about the news of the movie that is coming soon.<br />So, when I saw that this was a title I could borrow for my Kindle as a Prime member, I figured I'd give it a shot.<br />I was not disappointed. It's an easy, fun, exciting, thrilling, suspenseful read.  Strong characters. Great descriptions of the environment and locations. I always felt like I could picture exactly what was going on. I purposely didn't watch the film trailer until AFTER I read the book and I gotta say, what I saw in the trailer was exactly what I saw in my head while I was reading.<br />When I first started I had a little trouble getting over the first-person perspective. I soon realized that it was actually one of the keys to why this novel works so well. I love that we ONLY see the story from the point of view of Katniss. We all WANT to know what the viewers are seeing of the Games and what is going on back at the Capitol, but we don't. (I do fear that they won't stay true to this for the film...it will be hard).<br />For any of the folks who were overly critical of this book, keep in mind a few words: suspension of disbelief. The whole point of the story is that it takes place in a futuristic society. It's supposed to shock us that they'd even consider having kids fight to the death. That is not a flaw. It's genius.<br />I can't wait to dive in to the other two.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|best game ever I love playing it ,its so much fun hug fvbf dfgdg Afghan. fgcxf ffgv xdggb xtggcddhhhv gt sorry
B001HNE3NO|2.0|What a pity! The basis of the story was intriguing enough to get me to buy the book but the writing was wretched and the story completely predictable. It might have been a high school writing project. The author compensated for her inability to use nuance and subtlety by inserting paragraph after paragraph of questions. \\"My search wasn't over. I felt I had to know everything. What had happened to the Jewish family living in this place? What were their names? Were there any children? Had anybody come back from the death camps? Was everybody dead? . . . Had I done the right thing? I did not know what to think. I did not know what to believe.\\" The editing was subpar, too--missing words, punctuation errors, etc. Although the historical information about the Vel' d'Hiv' was interesting, the book as a whole was a big disappointment.
0060007737|5.0|As a general manager of a knitting factory, I am trying to find out ways to differentiate my products vs competitors'.  The difficult part is my product is perceived by people as commodity, and so I think I must develop a brand for my product.  This book, which is filled by examples, helps me thinking through the branding process and help me consider issues that I may not have thought about before.  Though some of the laws stated in this book may not be immutable in the future, at least these laws do give me some guidance in designing a brand for my product.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|I love it. It was hard to put it down Filled with so much emotion; the characters truly came alive in this book.
B006C1DH92|5.0|love this game! its so great! i really am addicted to it. yes, i do reccomend you buy it or just get tthe regular fruit ninja...
0446572764|2.0|Very many problems in this book for people of Russian descent and some understanding of the Soviet Union:  1.  The names - please talk to someone Russian!!!!!!  Sara Karlovna?  With such a name in 1953 this entire family would have been in Kazakhstan and not anywhere close to Rostov.  Ivan Koslovich?  Kozlovich is a last name and definitely not a paternal name.  I don't know of any Russian men with a first name of Kozel (goat).  The girl killed in Voulsk - I never-ever heard of such a name.  Militia-men Aron? :)  2. Militia-men at the bottom of the heap?  General Nesterov would have been quite powerful in his rank as a general in province town of Voulsk.  Definitely with a very Good Apartment.  3. I am very confident the author has read Brothers Weiner. While he imagines Leo to be Hvatkin #2, this was not their most famous book.  The most famous book was \\"Era Miloserdia\\" about Petrovka 38 - the main Homocide investigative unit in Moscow (the infamous MUR - Moskovski Ugolovni Rozisk) - set in 1945!  4.  AK-47 in Winter of 1953?  May be a PPS or a PPSH, but definitely not an AK.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Purchased this as a gift for my son and he was chomping at the bit to use it. He loves it.
0525948023|5.0|The book came in a time fashion. The quality of the book was very good. I am very satified with my purchase.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|if you ever make a bad review bout this game in my mind that's just dumb. best game ever buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1451648537|5.0|This book provides an interesting insight into Steve Jobs... warts, pimples and passions. Kudos to Steve Jobs for permitting Walter Isaacson to write a biography like this about him. He was a man who clearly changed how we obtain and digest information. He was a brillant lunatic whose focus was so laser sharp, his \\"people\\"  skills left much to be desired.
B00005N6KG|1.0|After reading reviews of these headphones on this site and others, I took the chance thinking it wasn't that much wasted if they didn't last long. I also liked the style - I didn't want ear buds which take more \\"prep time\\" to put in when I'm at the gym. However, I was unable to use these Sony MDR-W08L - they gave me a shock within one minute of use.  I tried using them on different electronic devices (6 in all) and each time, I received an electronic shock every few minutes while using them. Another minus - the cord is shorter than most - I'd rather have a longer one that allows for more adjustment to an individual's different heights even if it needs to be wrapped a little bit.  On the plus side, I asked for and received an immediate credit from Amazon, and was able to get a different model/style altogether, and it's working great.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is a great time waster! Although, after awhile I did get frustrated at losing :) Overall pretty good game.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|... should I be embarrassed that I enjoy it as much as them? there's strategy involved in how to spend your points to be more successful, etc. fun game!
B004R13U6Y|5.0|The Adobe PDF Reader for the Fire is too basic.  EZ PDF gives me the functionality I would have at a desktop.  Well worth the money.
B001F751EC|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  Maybe it's because children and child welfare are important to me as a former foster parent and adoptive parent or maybe it's because it was extremely well done.  The actors in this film were very good considering their young ages and it showed me a side of \\"neat, orderly and proper\\" Japan that I secretly had to know existed but had never actually seen.  I know this film was based on actual events but wasn't meant to be a documentary so I give it 5 stars because it was well written, well acted, well filmed and one of those films that will stick with me when someone asks \\"seen any good films lately?\\".  The mother in this film I've seen in another Japanese drama and that is just her normal talking voice, so don't think it's put-on just for this movie.  She starts off seeming to be a loving and playful mother, even though the movie starts out with her moving into an apartment building with her \\"only child\\" a quiet & mature 12 year old boy and then quickly find out as she unpacks her several large pieces of luggage that she has four children!  When I watched the movie, my heart ached for them, I could see it from a child's point of view and it made me get a nervous feeling in my stomach trying to imagine doing what this mother did.  This is right near the top of my all-time favorite movies.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This Bible app has helped me get a better understanding and something about it makes me want to read a little more and get closer to God.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I loved this app because there are some reallly fun games that you can play and.unlock and its just very interesting and awesomeeeeee
B0018RWMNM|5.0|Everything comes together in this classic to make it incredible.  The cast, the music, the story, the setting, everything works.  We have been watching this movie for more than 20 years, first on video, and then DVD.  The DVD however, was a little grainy and unclear.  The Blue Ray which I bought for my husband this Christmas has solved that with a crystal clear picture.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is so addicting! seriously the best ever. so glad I found it. if I could give it 10 stars I would
B00005JJX8|5.0|This is one of the Classic Movies.  We had this movie on Cassette Tape but wanted it on DVD also.  Over the years, we have watched this movie many times along with North by Northwest.  I highly recommend this movie.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This is the best app available for the inquisitive - period - must have! Provides the answers search engines can't in all displines of Science, Math, theology, Statistics and any other you can think of.
B001FFBI82|5.0|Nice story telling the tale of a marine in our latest war..Very strong language  which is not always necessary, but seems like a thing that writers seem to think is vital to portray  emotion in conflict. Scenes are very realistic, acting is very good and overall, it is a very enjoyable movie. I guess we can look forward to more stories from the wars in the middle east as the old World War and Viet Nam  stories fade into the past.  The desert locations are certainly different than the jungle scenes from  the \\"Nam\\" movies but still make for beautiful shots.
B001RCD2DW|5.0|Before buying the AKG K702, I've the Grado SR80i and Audio Technica ATH-AD700. My music source is  my laptop playing FLAC music files thru Cambridge DAC Magic and Matrix M headphone amp. All three are fine headphones with each having their strengths and weaknesses. For classical, I prefer the Audio Technica.  For pop and rock, it's the AKG K702.  It gives that extra punch and resolution in bass. A word of caution here.  The AKG K702 headphones are power hungry. Also, it needs about 50 hrs of usage or \\"seasoning\\" or \\"burn in\\" before it sounds its best. Music will come alive only when it's partnered with a reasonable headphone amp that has the juice to drive it. NOT suitable for portable music players.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This is a great tower defense game. Only problem I have with it is that if you switch applications while the game is running it sometimes loses all your progress.  Other than that the game is great and I hope there's a sequel.
B005V3WRVQ|5.0|If you're a fan of SuckerPunch and/or Zack Snyder, this is definitely worth getting.  Comes in a metal case and includes a DVD version of the film as well as a digital version and a Blu-Ray extended version along with a Blu-Ray extras disc.  Some awesome artwork inside and out and very much worth getting if you're a collector and/or a fan.
B00319ECGK|5.0|Waited several years to see this movie and was pleased with it, but not to the extent of several of these reviewers..Special effects were dazzling, acting was good, and the transfer to BluRay was superb..Great job by Reeves in what is his finest job as an actor, and pleasing enough to warrant purchase of the sequels to this sci-fi thriller..
B006JPS1OM|4.0|I will probably not buy the full version because I think it will not provide long time play.  The graphics could be a bit more clear.
B006C1DH92|4.0|If you like fruit ninja you'll like this.  It is very similar but has some additional challenges.  Graphics are good, works well and is fun to play.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good game I would recomend this but don't upgrade. the game makes you start all over and the controls are horrible
B006L1GNHQ|5.0|Wonderful  Show loved watching it can't wait to see it again one of My favorites hope to own the series soon
B001OQCV6K|5.0|Although it is not entirely acurate to the original books, it is a wonderful adventure. The acting and dialoge are perfect. A must see movie.
B000EULJLU|5.0|Great tool album.  Some of the songs are in the style of the older stuff but some have a more mature feel.  Definitely want to pick this up if you're a Tool fan.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|Although I was seriously confused through part of this book, and a little lost, it finally wrapped up for me perfectly. I got a great conclusion that made sense and was satisfying. I enjoyed these characters very much, and will miss Lisbeth and Blomkvist. I could do with a more simplified plot in general, but it was well worth it to get to the end of this wonderful series of books.
B0007Y08I8|5.0|If you like South Park type humor you will like this movie. It is sarcastic social commentar. It might not be for everyone but its worth a rent for anyone that doesnt mind laughing at the world we live in. Its not a movie for kids, it has a very long puppet sex scene, and the language is not for the little ones. Its one of my favorite comedies.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|I'm a 46 year old consertive truck driver just spent two and a half hours crying my eyes out .nuff said .great stuff ,5 stars.
B005J0VPNC|3.0|This takes images as if you had run them through a photoshop or gimp filter.  It is nice for toying with but I would rather go back and use software to add effects later.  The positive thing about this is that you get to see the preview filtered.
0452289963|5.0|This is the only spiritual self-help book I've ever seen that is worthwhile--very worthwhile. If everyone read Tolle's book and put what he says into practice, the world would be a totally cool place. It seems to be more Buddhist than anything else.  It's not on an abstract level; the technique Tolle explains can be put to use immediately, and fairly effortlessly, and practiced continuously for the rest of your life. You must read it and let him explain it, because I don't think I can explain it as well as it needs to be explained. Don't let this put you off though--the ideas presented are easy enough to understand. I have benefitted from this book greatly. Read this book and just do it--you'll see what I mean. The proof is in the pudding; it works. It can make a radical change in you. Really the most important book I have ever read.
B005OLF6BI|5.0|This concert is absolutely amazing! Even though it's composed of different concerts, you can only tell if you pay attention to the words written on Taylor's arm or when she specifically states where she is. Taylor's concerts are so amazing because she sings lives and plays guitar and piano! The concert consists of most of the Speak Now album, a few from Fearless, and (sadly) only one from her self-titled album. That's probably my only issue. I would have loved to see Teardrops on My Guitar, Picture to Burn, or Tim McGraw being performed. I wasn't able to see Taylor on her Speak Now tour so this is a great way to see what I missed! I have the blu-ray which I bought from Best Buy because they didn't have it on here and the blu-ray is amazing! All in all, if you're a Taylor Swift fan then buy this!
B001AIY58O|5.0|There are so many quotes in the movie which are relevant to today's society. It's a great action flick with some of my most favorite actors and the crazy humor in it makes looking at what we're going through today almost laughable. I wish more people had seen it and they'll understand what is wrong with today's Congress and why they need to stop voting for progressives ASAP. This is the kind of world we would be forced to live in if the progressives continue to thrive. Nothing will be legal and government will monitor and pay for everything you do. Frightening.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Love this puzzle game.  Levels are challenging and fun.  I hope there's more levels added soon!  Each box has a different theme which keeps it interesting, plus you have achievements.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I have had no issues with this app. I get the information that I want anytime I need it without having to do anything but turn on my Fire.  Great app!
0195073401|4.0|If you are looking at purchasing this text, chances are you are a graduate econ student. If that is the case, this book is a must have. No other microecon text will cover the material in as much detail. It can be quite obtuse at times for the uninitiated, but by the second semester, you will be quite fond of this as a reference. Your qualifier questions are likely to come from some modified versions of the problems in this book. Micro, like math, or any other problem-solving discipline, cannot and should not be learned by only reading the content. The most important thing is to do the problems. In this respect, MWG is by far the best graduate micro text. The problems are rated A-C in terms of difficulty. There are solutions manuals on the internet that you can find to check your answers. They are generally incomplete solutions, so do not rely solely on them if you are looking for an easy pass on your problem sets. In any case, MWG will be your friend in your graduate studies, buy it, read it, do the problems, and keep it on your shelf for years to come.<br /><br />For an easier intro to your first micro course, I suggest Jehle's text and Nolan Miller's companion notes to the first half of MWG.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|To me this was the last great release of this band. The next one was fine and the rest after that good but this was still a band at their peak with great song writing and playing skills. The clearness in this recording is fantastic. the vocals sound as clear as what came before too. Songs like 'the evil that men do\\" and others are just classic maiden. I did like the next release from them but imo they never again reached the level of clarity is sound that they had maintained throughout the 80's. They were still a great band but they just didn't pull off great cd releases on this level to me. This however is a fine release that stands up high in the greatness that is melodic metal.
B003Y5H51K|4.0|I'm deciding whether Sanctum deserves a 3 or 4-star rating... since I'm in a good mood, we'll go with a 4.  The biggest problem by *far* is that the first 30 minutes is some of the most basic and predictable Jurassic Park-like writing I've ever had to endure.  I flat out *hate* the 30 minutes that open Sanctum.  No, there's no dinosaurs roaming around, but the adventurous flow and the average writing makes the two films strikingly similar.  Only when the one woman is determined to not put on the diving suit of a dead person does the storytelling improve.  This is what, 45 minutes in?  Even the death scene before this is exaggerated and uninteresting.  You really have to wait a while for things to improve and I honestly can't blame you if the boredom sets in sooner rather than later and encourages you to shut the movie off.  Luckily the second half of the movie actually lives up to the suspense that was promised through the advertisements.  It's an underwater diving mission through deep dark caves that goes horribly wrong for the entire diving team, and people die one by one.  That just about sums up what you can expect.  The storyline eventually improves as the film rolls forward so you probably won't be disappointed in the end, but again, the beginning is torturous for viewers because of the blandness and mediocrity of the writing.  You've been warned.  There's even a touching moment involving a father and son, which is probably the number one reason I'm giving Sanctum a passing grade.  Other than that, this is nothing special overall.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its one of those games in which is hard to put down once you have started. i play it a ton.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a very good game. it is perfect for old people and that is about it. I hate it. there is a farmer that lives on a rock. I hate people. they bother me very much. j
B000001EUN|5.0|This is a great cd to grab; as this is metal at's most melodic, fun and well sung and played. !980 was a great year for rock and roll and this one stood up quite well in that fantastic year (musically). It's cover though is dumb ; but who cares, they were out to grab your attention. The music though is just great. There's not a bad song on here. And for metal fans this was one of the highpoints of 1980!. (time moves on but good music remains) The scorps previous one 'lovedrive' had really broken them in the U.S. and had introduced this type of sound that was moving away from the psych rock hendrix influenced metal of their excellent earlier releases. Everyone here is playing and singing to perfection and the scorps were masters of the newer type of melodic metal that was mirrored in the nwobm (new wave of british metal) that was raising and revitalizing metal completely.  Instead of the more sloppily played nu metal of 15 years later which is ok this is classic metal with lots  of punch. The zoo is the hardest slammer on this one and it still is wild to  hear even today.  Metal was wide open and often better sung and played than most of todays so it could capture many more fans percentage wise than todays generally. So this is worth grabbing and adding to your classic metal collection.
B004SBX112|4.0|the dragon made th game so much easier and if I could rate it 10 stars I would update FLOOD!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|after you finish the first 2 sets of games it takes a lot to build up enough points to unlock more games
B0058VW36U|5.0|if you want to get your anger play cut the rope and try to get the little cute monster the candy you even can cut the rope best game ever.
B000063DI8|3.0|The songs here are good but the production value is not so good. They stripped down the sound here and even bruce dickenson sings raspy. This change in vocals was interpeted by many to mean that he COULDN'T sing the way he used to. They recorded this in  a barn even. IT was a huge mistake sonically but the songs if recorded in their usual style would have been better recieved for sure.  The band took a huge hit with this one as they dropped the synths and then sounded like alot of other bands out there. It was a real fall for them and they don't even play any songs from this one in concert.  So it's probably near the bottom of their catalog with bruce dickenson.  The production was the problem and the whole raspy voice thing really was too much of a problem for many fans to deal with. I enjoyed this one but lets be frank it's not up to their standards only because of the production style and vocal presentation.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This most recent update has corrected the waxing/waning bug. I'm very impressed with the response the programmer has shown; kudos to Amazon, too, for offering FAOTD that aren't games.
0195145925|5.0|This guy had the guts to think for himself, such that he \\"kept his dayjob\\" (like Einstein). It's what it takes to succeed in such a field. He also had the discipline to get a phd in theoretical physics, write articles in peer-reviewed journals, and build collaborations with other physicists. He may not have provided all answers, but for me personally he unlocked a door which, in my opinion, theoretical physics in general is still stuck behind. What else can I say? The future has to get past time.
B001QWBM62|4.0|I first had the older h4 model shortly after it came out. The H4n is nice improvement on an already handy piece of gear. I use it for recording interviews and field recording. The onboard mics work well with no phase problems in the stereo at all. The H4n has a more durable outer shell which is a huge improvement over the flimsy shell of the H4. The new 4ch mode makes for handy operation of multiple inputs. This may not be the gold or even silver standard for field recording. But if you are a novice artist like myself and every dollar counts, this is close to the best bang for your buck.
B000063DIH|3.0|I must agree with many that this one is better than the last one. At least they didn't do a whole cd of speed metal. Just 0ne song of that style. I didn't dislike this one as much as I did \\"no prayer for the dying'. It's got alot of diversity to it but to be fair it's not going to be place up there with their first seven releases in most peoples ears or eyes. It's a good enough though not to be as disliked by fans as 'no prayer for the dying' was. It was a step back into the right direction to a degree and they had better production values by far than their previous release.  It's not great but it's good and that's better than most thrash, speed or nu metal by far.  If this wasn't maiden I would give it four stars because it's more average than most of their stuff.
B000FVE3AC|5.0|I have purchased and worn Invicta watches for the past several years and I have been extremely impressed with the quality of their workmanship.  This watch Is no different especially the patented Invicta Blue face and bezel it really pops with color like no other watch, in fact the online pictures definitely do not do it justice.  The size of the watch and weight are perfect for a gentlemen with large or small wrists.  I own several expensive watches from the top name brands and I receive more compliments when I wear my Invicta.  I really love the watch and you will too when you get it home!!!!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I'm generally unorganized, so this app is very helpfull to me.  I also like how open it is with other applications and services.  It is perfect for me because I don't want to be locked down by a vertical stack (iPad/iPhone), which I use now.  I'll probably switch to only having a Kindle Fire eventually, so being organized in a platform agnostic way is great!
160094048X|5.0|This is the most amazing cookie cookbook ever-vegan or not!  I am not a vegan, I am not even vegetarian.  I dabble in both types of cooking and baking b/c I love to cook and bake and cooking delicious food that is vegetarian or vegan is a fun challenge for me (not to mention I believe in the health benefits of a vegetarian/vegan lifestyle).  Hands down, this book is the best cookie book I have ever baked from!  I've made about 18 of the recipes so far and every single one, without exception, is amazing.  I have not had to make a single substitution so I'm confused by reviews that say they had to tweak the recipe to make it work or that their cookies were not tweaked and did not turn out well.  About half the cookies I've made have been tested by others who all give them glowing reviews as well.  The chocolate chip cookies in here are even better than toll house, in my opinion.  The espresso fudge brownies had the fudgy-denseness of a boxed mix that I find hard to replicate from scratch.  The large cookies (like cowboy chocolate chip and peanut butter oatmeal) retain their chewy centers for several days later.  The city girl snickerdoodles had a delicious light, sugar cookies texture that was addictive.  These cookies are so amazing!  You cannot go wrong with this cookbook-vegan or not!
145551389X|5.0|With me being a HUGE Lady Gaga fan, when I found out that I had received my LG photobook, I immediately began looking through it. It is one of the most beautiful and amazing things I've ever seen. It's a profound work of art, in my opinion, and I love it. Sensational. Thank you Gaga for this wonderful look into a small excerpt into your life.
B004ZQBP3Q|2.0|This CD was just not for me. There are about 3-4 worthy songs; other than that, save your money and just download the mainstream radio songs off of Itunes or whatever means you prefer.
0385535139|4.0|I've had an up/down relationship with Grisham's novels. Mostly down for the last couple years. I only read this at my sisters's urging, and also because I was looking for something I could start reading on my Kindle quickly, and skip my usual research before buying.  After the first couple chapters, I was not impressed, and thought the entire book would glorify seedy ambulance chasers and rich mass case tort lawyers. However, I was soon drawn into the plot, and my initial thoughts were allayed somewhat. One thing I particularly enjoyed were the courtroom scenes.There are no unusual surprises in this book, and maybe even a bit predictable at times. However, it's a good read, and I think most will enjoy it.
B006O5Y0SS|4.0|Midnight in Paris is a light-hearted, dialog-driven film.  The film was shot beautifully, with painstaking attention to scene detail.  Owen Wilson did not make me want to punch him in the face even once, which is a big win.  He played the role pretty flat most of the time, but one could chalk that up to \\"emotionally-stunted writer\\" syndrome.  Marion Cotillard is her gorgeous, smooth self, and Rachel McAdams plays the ultra-bitch perfectly.  As a bitter, thirty-something single man, I say give Midnight in Paris a go.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Nothing too original here, but it is a good concept and done well.  On Kindle Fire, controls were responsive and gameplay was smooth.  Would have liked some more variation at the upper levels, or a way to have a harder initial difficulty level.  Can take a while to get up to the higher levels.
B000M5AJQI|5.0|Great movie. No problems with the packaging. Arrived on time and in perfect condition. Happy to have this movie on Blu-ray.
B004X0XA82|5.0|This is a great album for anyone looking for some calming, melodic, and genuinely well written music! I would unhesitatingly recommend this to those who may be weary of country/folk music as it offers a unique authentic feel that is hard to find in music nowadays. For 5.00, You really can't go wrong with this album.
B004ZQRJFO|5.0|Eminem never disappoints, still Lord and master of his craft! Royce makes for a very good choice to collaborate with.
1451648537|4.0|I was eager to read this book, having been an Apple employee during the early Jobs era, starting there just after the introduction of the Mac. Many of the people mentioned were familiar to me. The book captured the atmosphere of Jobs's time at the company - both the chaos and the fun.  What was of the most interest to me, though, were the passages about the creative process, and how Steve's quirks and visionary intuition influenced the making of products that turned out to be extraordinarily popular and culturally influential.  Little did I know at the time that the organic juices that we employees used to swipe from the Mac building across the street on Bandley Drive were there because they were Jobs's main sustenance...Those of us who worked in other divisions saw the juices as symbolic of the preference shown to employees who were favored by Steve.  I found this book rather haunting, since there were scenes (for example, the board meetings) that ordinary employees wouldn't have been told about. But we saw the consequences - strategies changing 180 degrees and re-orgs at least twice a year - although that continued well after Jobs left.  There are a few minor mistatements:    *It was Apple Computer, not Computers (a common error)    *There is no Stanford Mall, only a Stanford Shopping Center    *The Lisa originally costed nearly $10,000, not $2,000  I think I expected more about the company that Jobs built, but realize that this was meant primarily as a biography.  I also wondered about the people who were left out, notably his adoptive sister and mother.  And I would have liked to hear more about his marriage; it must have been extremely difficult to have been married to Steve. Perhaps Laurene will write her own book, some day, with her perspective.  Overall, a fascinating book!
0679731369|4.0|Flaubert's Parrot was for me a stylistically challenging novel the real depth of which only gradually came to me after I completed it and let it sink in for a few days. Julian Barnes wraps his exploration of Flaubert minutiae around the story of an aging and somewhat frustrated scholar who is deeply obsessed with the French writer, almost ridiculously so. Slowly the reader begins to understand some of what motivates this man's obsessive ramblings and the pain of abandonment that he is struggling to escape. Early on in the book we are presented with a chronology from 3 perspectives describing the same events in Flaubert's life. Immediately for me this signaled that something unique was about to be experienced in the next 190 pages and it certainly was. I can see how this wouldn't be everyone's cup of tea and there were brief sections that had me sighing a bit but in the end Flaubert's parrot provided me with something of value and was well worth reading.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i like this app but u have to get slot of points to get games and the oil game sucks ass for real
6304711905|1.0|Tombstone is a modern classic and, in this reviewer's book, one of the finest westerns of all time. A film of this greatness deserves proper treatment and this DVD release is not fit for the fleas on a horse in this film.<br /><br />First off, it is not anamorphic, that means no widescreen. The transfer is also terrible, the picture is dull and lifeless, filled with artifacts, it looks like something that was scanned as quickly and as cheaply as possible. It does no justice to what should be home theater reference material. Secondly, the soundtrack is awful as well, Dolby Pro Logic, a modest step up from stereo.<br /><br />Why this DVD is not out of print is beyond me, it's terrible. If you want a fantastic presentation of this film you need to get [[ASIN:B00005RHGL Tombstone - The Director's Cut (Vista Series)]] which remedies all of these problems and has a great set of goodies as well. But the best idea is to go Blu-ray for the best presentation of this film yet: [[ASIN:B0036EH40Q Tombstone  [Blu-ray]]] Leave this DVD behind for the clearance bin and garage sales where it belongs, it's not worthy of the asking price with far better alternatives available.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|I bought this because I was interested in the chat between songs as a way of understanding the person behind the songs better. The DVD and CD are both very good. Great set list. Don't worry about the quality of singing, as one reviewer mentioned, it does not spoil the enjoyment of the whole even a little. This is not a studio album after all!The CD is great; it cuts out all the 'chat' and applause and concentrates on the music. A perfect combination.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great games fun. when bored a lot of.different games basiclyy has games that everyone would like.and keeping or.kids busy for many many.hours
B000VWE5OY|3.0|The DVDS themselves are in perfect condition, but the casing they came in was cracked and not attached the box itself. Also some of the DVDs fall out when you open the box because they have nothing keeping them in. I have my hesitations about buying furthers seasons from this seller since this was a gift to someone else.
B006RED4GA|1.0|My first relevant question would  be - how old was the person who wrote this?  My guess would be somewhere around 12.  Good ghost films are rare to be sure, and some make a reasonable effort.  This one does not.
B0063IH60K|5.0|My fave, go-to game! Very well done and has a nice interface. I definitely recommend it. I play it on a Samsung Galaxy S3 & an Amazon Kindle Fire.
B00632HWOG|1.0|The application loads all of the normal functionality that the Aneroid phone does but you cannot view more than one screen of emails and you cannot go to the next screen until you delete or move the emails...I have uninstalled the app
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This has been a fun find. There are a lot of fun games, and new ones open up everyday. Adds are a bit annoying, but hey it's free.
B005HSG3VK|2.0|Its very sexy looking and adds virtually no bulk or weight to the kindle... but its not very durable (thin plastic) and I highly doubt it provides any shock resistance. Its just crappy... ESPECIALLY considering it's supposed to be high-end product. RETURNED. Testing out rooCase now.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I'm ugrading my rating to 5-stars; the more I use it the more I love it and the development team has continued to improve upon it.  I highly recommend it as a cross-platform, syncronized applications.<br />------------------<br />posted late 2011:  I'm still learning just how useful this app can be but so far am very pleased.  I liken it to MS Office OneNote but better because of it's cross-platform availability.  In other words, one of the primary hindrances to me using OneNote was the lack of a seamless subcontinent with other OS's - I.e., aneroid, iOS, besides MS Windows & Office.  Evermore bridges all of them transparently, I can create an entry or notebook on one device and without any effort have it available on another.
B0063IH60K|2.0|well.. *yawn* . I thouqht id love this, but.. I honestly qet so bored with it. maybe thats why its free..
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app is awesome! It will keep you busy for hours. I can play this game for an hour eaisly without even realizing it.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|This movie focuses on a community of black maids who find the courage to tell their stories -- during the beginning of the civil rights fight. The acting is superb, and the storyline is almost always excellent (there are a few exceptions that I will mention later). But first, I want to address the criticism that this film perpetuates the \\"mammy\\" stereotype.<br /><br />I'm not sure the critics and I were watching the same film, because, frankly, this movie didn't do that. These are not subservient, complacent, happy to do as they were bid African American maids and nannies. These were women who lived in a world where black people could be lynched, or utterly ruined, by a white person's whim. They took the jobs that were available to them -- the jobs that white people didn't want. The fact of the matter is that generations of black women filled jobs like these after the civil war -- not because they liked it, or didn't have ambitions or abilities beyond raising white people's kids, but because white people set up a system that allowed them little else. These women came across as real people -- who saw the injustice in life, but also lived in a time and place where it was literally dangerous to say or do anything about it. They were resigned, but not \\"mammies\\".<br />I do understand that this is a sensitive issue, but I think the critics should evaluate the characters, not just the occupations those characters held. Considering the ways these women buck the system -- from the \\"horrible nasty\\" to collaborating on a book to Aibileen authoring her own books -- I would say that what these maids did were not the acts of \\"mammies\\".<br /><br />There were a few things I did not like about this movie. One was Aibileen's use of \\"You is...\\" I don't remember her using any such phrases anywhere in the movie except when she was talking to her young charge. Otherwise, she has an exceptional command of the English language, is very well spoken, and ends up a writer (!!); there didn't seem a need for this dialect.<br />Secondly, there was the latrines on the lawn bit. It's a good gag, but it didn't come off as very believable that people would dump old toilets on a prize winning lawn -- especially not without checking first.<br />I also have reservations about the \\"horrible nasty\\" (I won't mention what that was, in case you don't already know)...I can't make up my mind if it was hilarious or not, and it doesn't help that it is referenced a LOT during the movie. Deserved, yes. Too far over the line? The jury is still out.<br /><br />That, though, is the extent of what I thought could have been improved. Otherwise, the characters were all very well done, and the storyline very interesting (and sad!). The acting, though, is the crown jewel in this film...everyone, and I do mean everyone, did such a good job. The actresses were really the ones who made this movie. Congrats to them!<br /><br />5/5 starseem a need for this dialect.<br />Secondly, there was the latrines on the lawn bit. It's a good gag, but it didn't come off as very believable that people would dump old toilets on a prize winning lawn -- especially not without checking first.<br />I also have reservations about the \\"horrible nasty\\" (I won't mention what that was, in case you don't already know)...I can't make up my mind if it was hilarious or not, and it doesn't help that it is referenced a LOT during the movie. Deserved, yes. Too far over the line? The jury is still out.<br /><br />That, though, is the extent of what I thought could have been improved. Otherwise, the characters were all very well done, and the storyline very interesting (and sad!). The acting, though, is the crown jewel in this film...everyone, and I do mean everyone, did such a good job. The actresses were really the ones who made this movie. Congrats to them!<br /><br />5/5 stars
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i mean its free and its pretty fun if you bored. but if i had something else to do.... yeah
B004SJ3AXI|3.0|well.. this is like way harder then the normal angry birds. I gave up on it , normal angry birds is better(:
B0064X7FVE|3.0|I like the interface and forecast better than Accuweather, but the lack of radar takes it down a star. Still a worthwhile secondary weather app on the Fire.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I like the audio feature. Also, being able to highlight and bookmark Bible passages is very helpful. You can read or listen anywhere at any time.
B0064NTZQ2|5.0|Drive was a fantastic movie. While it draws on some concepts from 70s cult driving films it still comes across as incredibly original. The opening scene is an amazing instant adrenaline rush. Then the movie goes through some essential character development for the first 45 minutes (unlike the characterless action driven Fast and Furious movies 2-5). Following this the well scripted high intensity action begins. It's a great ride from this point on until the end of the movie. There are very few cons to this movie but I would indicate 2 things, 1. For those of you who can't handle any type of awkward situation a FEW parts of this movie will be uncomfortable, but I assure you it is essential to character development. 2. There are a few scenes of gratuitous violence, taken in context however they add a realistic element to the film. I would recommend this film to any true film lover who isn't looking for a trashy action flick (transporter, fast furious, etc).
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this 'game' Is so awesome. its like qettinq one hundred games without all the work of downloading them! very fun (:
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Some of the games are really fun, others are just frustrating.  Overall, its a good way to spend extra time.
B005E8KQPM|5.0|When I first heard this album I was discussted and felt Opeth betrayed me. I have always loved there music. But after reading some reviews. I didn't know they were going for a retro 70's sound. Then gave it a second listen. I started to like it. In fact I love this album its a masterpiece. Very complex. Just imagine what would Opeth sound like in the 70's. I have always  felt Opeth has a style similar to Pink Floyd and Frank Zappa. I bought a turntable just so I can listen to the album on vinyl. Sounds great. Real old school.
B00007L4OM|2.0|I have seen this movie several times and really like it.  However, this may not be the version of the DVD you want.  This DVD is in English AND English subtitles.  There is no way to stop the subtitles I could find with my equipment.  Very distracting.
B005HSL626|2.0|well.. one word ; lame. there's a game called fruit slice with is like this, but you don't have a limit on how many you can get before you have to upqrade. /
B004SBBDB2|3.0|This is a no-frills component video & stereo sound cable. It's built to serve a singular purpose and does so without issue. I only have a 6th Gen iPod Classic so I can't say if it works on older iPods or not (hence the fairly neutral star rating). The cables and connectors are sturdy and the 30-pin connector holds securely to the iPod. I'd definitely recommend this over the other overpriced cables out there.
B004SBX112|5.0|If you want to gain some fascinating insights into this current generation, read through the reviews for this game. Tales of woe and misery, broken dreams and destroyed lives. All because of a $.99 game.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I am so glad to have a program that works so seamlessly with my kindle fire, laptop, work computer and phone!
B0064T6LV8|5.0|I got it.. played for an hour or so.. and I now can say its addicting! I love it, and its free which makes it better
B004D9FLJE|5.0|My wife and I tend to buy complete seasons of DVDs so we can watch commercial free and so we are new to the Glee experience which everyone else has been enjoying for 2 years! The show combines great writing along with many musical numbers from all types of genres. The acting and singing is top notch - so much so that it is completely unbelievable that such talent would exist at a single high school in Ohio, but part of the fun of musicals is that suspension of disbelief. After all, real gangsters don't sing and dance like they do in Guys and Dolls and the settlers of the West did not do that either in the real Oklahoma! There are many intertwined story lines and character development is central to the stories. Some of that development does include stories centering on teen pregnancy and there are some slightly racy themes so I would not recommend this for very young kids. Our 9 year old daughter could watch some episodes with us but other times we had to do some censoring.<br /><br />The disc packaging is standard, though to be honest I had a hard time locating the first disc initially as it was hidden under some advertisements. If you watch episode by episode you have to select the episode you want, wait for a spoiler-filled description screen to appear, and hit play again. But that is but a small gripe.<br /><br />Overall, this is a very fun series which we are very much enjoying!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is awesome. if you cant find a good game, this has enough varitey to be worth your not money. I recomemd it. highly.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This app is addicting yet calming. I love the way it looks and the background music too. I would highly recommend it.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Omg! I use to HATE anqry birds, but now I cant stop playing! its soo addictive.  and its free! which makes it soo much better (:
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is an excellent solitaire game for free. the adds are not even that bad. I love the winning deal option.
B005K17RU0|5.0|No problems since I installed this program.  Initially I had the original bloatware for weather that came with the Kindle Fire, it never worked, AccuWeather is what it says accurate weather.
0525478817|5.0|Few authors remember well the confusion of being a teen ager, of trying to find out who/what you are to you and the rest of the world. I'm 27 and while I stopped being a teenager some time ago, I love how John's writing not only makes you love/root for his characters, but also the way he makes us \\"see\\" through his characters in a way that makes teenagers say \\"this guy 'gets' me\\" and us older folk say \\"yeah, I remember this. This is EXACTLY how it feels\\".<br /><br />TFIOS is a novel that although 'involves' people with cancer, it's more about the people than the cancer. Yes, they have to cope with that, but its not about the \\"great fight\\" or \\"courage against adversity\\" it's about Hazel, and her life. Not her illness, but her life.<br /><br />People with cancer and other types of sickness, often *become* their sickness, making their life exist around the fact that they are sick. And John does not allow Hazel to become one of those.<br /><br />Believe me, you REALLY want to read this book.<br /><br />And don't forget to be awesome!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|best ever. I loved it 4 th page done and still goin. again it it. Isis the bbest game ever a a a a av Aquila. awesome
0575088281|4.0|Tanzania, 2161. The matriarch of the Akinya family, Eunice, a famous pioneer of space travel and exploration, has died at the age of 130. The family convenes for the funeral, but grandson Geoffrey would prefer to be carrying on his research into elephant cognition. When an anomaly is discovered amongst Eunice's possessions, Geoffrey is asked to investigate, the beginning of a journey that will take him from Earth to the Moon to Mars...and further still.<br /><br />Alastair Reynolds's new novel is the first in a new sequence, Poseidon's Children, which will span 11,000 years of human history. As such, the three books in the sequence will presumably be stand-alones, divided by immense gulfs in history, but with added context given to the reader by reading all three in order. Reynolds and his publisher have backed away from the 'trilogy' moniker (and the 'Book One of Poseidon's Children' tagline present on some early drafts of the cover has been removed) to de-emphasise the idea this is a serialised story that people will have to wait years to be concluded.<br /><br />Reynolds is noted for having a somewhat grim vision of the future in his previous books, so Blue Remembered Earth is notable for its more optimistic tone. The human race has become richer and more technologically advanced than ever before, with Africa now driving the world economy and formerly war-torn, poverty-stricken states are now prosperous and driven. The price of this new era of peace and development is the Surveilled World, a state of near-total coverage of the planet by AIs which intervene if any crimes are detected. As a result almost no crimes or murders have been committed in decades (although Reynolds, a noted fan of crime thrillers, can't help dropping one puzzling and apparently impossible murder in as a subplot). This near-total surveillance state is not so prevalent on other planets and moons, however, due to time-lag issues.<br /><br />The book is essentially a treasure hunt, with Geoffrey and his sister Sunday following the trail of clues left behind by their grandmother which ultimately leads to the Big Reveal. The trail, and the resulting plot, are somewhat convoluted and, it has to be said, unconvincing. Nevertheless, the story is entertaining with a constant stream of inventive ideas: an area on Mars controlled by rogue machines; an AI simulacrum of Eunice who provides advice and becomes more and more like the real Eunice as they uncover more information; attempts to help improve the quality of life for zoo elephants by merging them holographically with a real herd in the African wilderness; and a system-wide telescope being used to scan for signs of life on other worlds. The characters, particularly Geoffrey and Sunday (our main POV characters) are well-developed as we learn their respective reasons for turning against the family's strict business-oriented hierarchy, but even their antagonistic siblings (who initially appear to be villainous) are fleshed-out satisfyingly by the end of the book.<br /><br />As the most low-tech of Reynolds's books to date, Blue Remembered Earth is perhaps his most conservative in terms of ideas and scale and scope. This isn't a bad thing and he seems to enjoy working under greater technological constraints than previously, but occasionally he seems to chafe against the restrictions (the robots on Mars and the large-scale mining of the Oort Cloud both seem somewhat more advanced than the tech elsewhere). He also doesn't fully explore the freedom implications of having a state of total surveillance, other than in a cursory surface manner.<br /><br />Still, Blue Remembered Earth (****) is highly readable, brimming with ideas and refreshingly optimistic. Recommended. The novel is available now in the UK and on 5 June 2012 in the USA.wing the trail of clues left behind by their grandmother which ultimately leads to the Big Reveal. The trail, and the resulting plot, are somewhat convoluted and, it has to be said, unconvincing. Nevertheless, the story is entertaining with a constant stream of inventive ideas: an area on Mars controlled by rogue machines; an AI simulacrum of Eunice who provides advice and becomes more and more like the real Eunice as they uncover more information; attempts to help improve the quality of life for zoo elephants by merging them holographically with a real herd in the African wilderness; and a system-wide telescope being used to scan for signs of life on other worlds. The characters, particularly Geoffrey and Sunday (our main POV characters) are well-developed as we learn their respective reasons for turning against the family's strict business-oriented hierarchy, but even their antagonistic siblings (who initially appear to be villainous) are fleshed-out satisfyingly by the end of the book.  As the most low-tech of Reynolds's books to date, Blue Remembered Earth is perhaps his most conservative in terms of ideas and scale and scope. This isn't a bad thing and he seems to enjoy working under greater technological constraints than previously, but occasionally he seems to chafe against the restrictions (the robots on Mars and the large-scale mining of the Oort Cloud both seem somewhat more advanced than the tech elsewhere). He also doesn't fully explore the freedom implications of having a state of total surveillance, other than in a cursory surface manner.  Still, Blue Remembered Earth (****) is highly readable, brimming with ideas and refreshingly optimistic. Recommended. The novel is available now in the UK and on 5 June 2012 in the USA.
0765348780|5.0|Love it or hate it,  there can be no denying Malazan Book of the Fallen (of which Gardens of the Moon is the first book) is a large work: 10 books coming in at about 700-1000 pages per book, running over 3 million words.<br /><br />It is also probably the greatest work of fiction ever created.  It is a classic that will be studied, reviewed, reviled, commented upon, and taught for the next 500 years.  Not everyone like to read Shakespeare, but I don't think anybody will deny the genius involved with creating his plays.  So too with Steven Erikson and his Malazan Book of the Fallen.  Not everyone will read Erikson, but the mark he has placed upon the landscape of literature will be felt for years.<br /><br />Many criticize the series for its length, for its complex plots, and for seemingly endless stream of loose ends and new characters.  Here is one thing you need to keep in mind about this series: it is a metafictional construct designed to engage the reader as an actual participant in the books.  Nothing so obvious as breaking the third wall happens, there are no winking nods or sly asides directly addressed to the reader, but the reader is the true protagonist of the series.<br /><br />So if you are a fan of large, complex, epic literature with deeply imagined characters and amazing action, pick up Gardens of the Moon and begin a hero's journey of your own through an amazing series.  If you stick with it, you will be rewarded immensly and will come of the experience a different person.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|I have purchased many Christmas albums over the years, but this one had a fresh presentation of old favorites and a nice easy listening blend of seasonal songs.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Fun little games but Fire response time is difficult and my fingers seem too big to see the icons. A stylus would be nice.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|being able to read the Bible at anytime now has brought me ever so close to my God. I read the Bible so much now. thank you thank you ...and WOW it was free!
B006JSXYPA|1.0|If you watch trasformer 1, don't spend your time to watch this, even it is free. I consider this movie is just below the episode 2 and the 2 below 1. And nothing is new.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is a lot of fun and has a nice variety of games.  Helps keep my kids entertained as well!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|this is a great app. the only thing that could make it better would be the ability to use it offline.
0691152640|4.0|The distinguishing feature of this book is the massive data set that undergirds the surprisingly few and rather conventional-wisdom-affirming findings.  The authors have aggregated literally centuries of price, exchange rate, debt, export, current account and real GDP statistics for sixty-six countries representing over 90% of global GDP, which is presented in a dizzying array of graphs, charts and tables.  It is an international economist's motherlode; a quant-geek's Disneyland.  It is not, however, the pop econ reader's delight.<br /><br />The authors look at two distinct but often related financial crises: debt and banking crises.  First, they investigate the history and patterns of debt crisis, defined here as either when a government fails to make scheduled interest or principal payment on external (i.e. sovereign) debt or on domestic debts, which also usually includes freezing of bank accounts and/or forced conversion of deposits from dollars to a local currency.  These crises, they find, are usually preceded by a dramatic growth in debt, both public and private, and then triggered by either sustained high inflation (defined here as greater than 20% per year) and/or a currency crash (defined as an annual depreciation of local currency versus the dollar or other anchor currency by more than 15%).<br /><br />The main finding is that the external debt to GDP ratio tells us little about a nation's likelihood to default.  One country with a ratio of >50% may be safer than one with &lt;30%.  Based on their research, much depends on a nation's history of \\"debt intolerance.\\"  In other words, once a nation becomes a serial defaulter it may take decades or even centuries to change that behavior.  Much like Joseph Stiglitz and other liberal modern economists have argued, the authors maintain that proper, well functioning domestic institutions and lack of corruption are solid barriers to debt intolerance.  Furthermore, capital market liberalization offers little help because capital flows to emerging economies tend to be pro-cyclical (over investing in good times and over-reacting in crisis), which makes macroeconomic stability more difficult to achieve.<br /><br />The authors stress that sovereign debt defaults are the norm and they follow a very predictable pattern throughout history: 1) commodity prices rise; 2) foreign speculative capital pours into the economy; 3) the country over borrows; 4) commodity prices fall; 5) foreign capital quickly reverses course; 6) short term, commodity trade focused loans suddenly cannot be turned over; 7) a domestic banking crisis ensues when creditors call in loans; 8) the economy collapses, taking tax revenues down with it; 9) and then the country defaults on its sovereign debt.  Or as the authors succinctly put it in their concluding remarks:  \\"All too often, periods of heavy borrowing can take place in a bubble and last for a surprisingly long time.  But highly leveraged economies, particularly those in which continually rollover of short-term debt is sustained only by confidence in relatively illiquid underlying assets, seldom survive forever, particularly if leverage continues to grow unchecked.  This time may be different, but all too often a closer look shows it is not.\\"<br /><br />The authors note that domestic debt (local government bonds held by nationals and subject to domestic law) accounts for roughly two-thirds of total national debt, yet data on domestic debt is often unclear and difficult or impossible to obtain.  Moreover, governments are far less likely to default on their domestic debt (e.g. there have been 250 cases of sovereign default globally since 1800, but only 70 instances of domestic default).  And when default on domestic debt comes, the macroeconomic environment conditions are usually far worse than that associated with a sovereign debt default.  For instance, the drop in real GDP leading up to a domestic debt default average 4% versus just 1% for sovereign debt default; the differences associated with inflation are even more striking, 120% versus 30%.  The authors suggest that domestic debt may be the \\"missing link\\" in explaining why some countries default at much lower ratio of debt to GDP.  Heavy domestic debt, much of it unseen and/or misunderstood by the international financial community, may push nations to default/restructure and promote runaway inflation.<br /><br />The second type of financial crisis reviewed is the banking crisis, which usually results when a drop in confidence leads to a run on banks and the subsequent closure, merging or public sector takeover of one or more leading financial institutions.  The authors note that banking crises are often the result of other crises, such as a bubble in an asset class, like real estate.  The theme here is that a cycle develops that leads to a panic (i.e. once banks pull back on lending, other bad things happen, that beget even more and often worse bad things).  The main difference between debt crises and banking crises, according to their research, is that they are just as likely to strike developed economies as they are developing nations.  In other words, unlike sovereign default, which tends to only occur in developing economies and newly independent states, few countries ever \\"graduate\\" from recurrent banking crises.<br /><br />The authors dedicate an entire section to the global financial crisis triggered in 2007, which they refer to grandly as \\"The Second Great Contraction\\" (Milton Friedman famously referred to the the Great Depression as \\"The Great Contraction\\").  They describe how excess capital from Asia, Germany, and the oil economies was looking for a safe, but dynamic market to invest in.  New methods of securitization and the unparalleled liquidity of the world's largest capital market seemed to break the rules.  Indeed, US housing prices rose at an insane rate (from 1890 to 1996 US housing experienced a real appreciation of 27%, and then, in just one decade, from 1996 to 2007, real appreciation in housing grew a staggering 96%!).  How could this be?  Simple.  \\"This time was different,\\" of so many thought and have thought during similar bubbles throughout history.  Of course, it wasn't.<br /><br />\\"The lesson of history, then, is that even as institutions and policymakers improve, there will always be a temptation to stretch the limits.  Just as an individual can go bankrupt no matter how rich she starts out, a financial system can collapse under the pressure of greed, politics, and profits no matter how well regulated it seems to be.\\"<br /><br />So what happens when the markets realize that things aren't different after all?  Based on their comprehensive data set, the authors tee-up some sobering statistics, which have been borne out recently:  a drop in housing and equity prices of 35% and 55%, respectively; output falls nearly 10% over 2 years; unemployment grows 7 points over 4 years; and government debt doubles.<br /><br />In closing, \\"This Time is Different\\" is a remarkable piece of scholarship, a truly staggering work of quantitative aggregation and analysis, but not a particularly lively read.; the differences associated with inflation are even more striking, 120% versus 30%.  The authors suggest that domestic debt may be the \\"missing link\\" in explaining why some countries default at much lower ratio of debt to GDP.  Heavy domestic debt, much of it unseen and/or misunderstood by the international financial community, may push nations to default/restructure and promote runaway inflation.<br /><br />The second type of financial crisis reviewed is the banking crisis, which usually results when a drop in confidence leads to a run on banks and the subsequent closure, merging or public sector takeover of one or more leading financial institutions.  The authors note that banking crises are often the result of other crises, such as a bubble in an asset class, like real estate.  The theme here is that a cycle develops that leads to a panic (i.e. once banks pull back on lending, other bad things happen, that beget even more and often worse bad things).  The main difference between debt crises and banking crises, according to their research, is that they are just as likely to strike developed economies as they are developing nations.  In other words, unlike sovereign default, which tends to only occur in developing economies and newly independent states, few countries ever \\"graduate\\" from recurrent banking crises.<br /><br />The authors dedicate an entire section to the global financial crisis triggered in 2007, which they refer to grandly as \\"The Second Great Contraction\\" (Milton Friedman famously referred to the the Great Depression as \\"The Great Contraction\\").  They describe how excess capital from Asia, Germany, and the oil economies was looking for a safe, but dynamic market to invest in.  New methods of securitization and the unparalleled liquidity of the world's largest capital market seemed to break the rules.  Indeed, US housing prices rose at an insane rate (from 1890 to 1996 US housing experienced a real appreciation of 27%, and then, in just one decade,from 1996 to 2007, real appreciation in housing grew a staggering 96%!).  How could this be?  Simple.  \\"This time was different,\\" of so many thought and have thought during similar bubbles throughout history.  Of course, it wasn't.<br /><br />\\"The lesson of history, then, is that even as institutions and policymakers improve, there will always be a temptation to stretch the limits.  Just as an individual can go bankrupt no matter how rich she starts out, a financial system can collapse under the pressure of greed, politics, and profits no matter how well regulated it seems to be.\\"<br /><br />So what happens when the markets realize that things aren't different after all?  Based on their comprehensive data set, the authors tee-up some sobering statistics, which have been borne out recently:  a drop in housing and equity prices of 35% and 55%, respectively; output falls nearly 10% over 2 years; unemployment grows 7 points over 4 years; and government debt doubles.<br /><br />In closing, \\"This Time is Different\\" is a remarkable piece of scholarship, a truly staggering work of quantitative aggregation and analysis, but not a particularly lively read.
B0025UHKNS|4.0|I got the watch for Christmas and have used it frequently on runs where I had not recorded the distance.  I spent 2 weeks in Hawaii and used it daily.  I did not experience the problems other reviewers expressed when using it in humid conditions.  The  main problem I had was setting up the data to be recorded.  Just because I wear the heart monitor, doesn't mean that would be recorded.  Once I figured out how to record time and distance, adding the 3rd data point was easy.  It only records 3 data points maximum.<br /><br />It is fun and useful.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|I normally limit my reviews to German History and Stem Cells but this story was so good I was compelled to write a review. The setting is early 1960s Jackson, MS and one of the main characters, \\"Skeeter\\" played by Emma Stone has just landed a job as a domestic writer for a local newspaper. Her world is composed of  southern social gatherings of girl friends (who are all married with children), her ailing mother (Allison Janney), and the \\"help\\" whose main characters are played by Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer, with a special appearance by Cicely Tyson...they are superb. Skeeter is consumed with the absence of Constantine, the maid she grew up with and who served as a second mother to her, played by Tyson. Skeeter has a warm spot for all maids and has empathy for their place in the social order of the time. Her ambition and past compels her to write a book about the maids experience and feelings about their white employers and scant existence. Though there is resistance at first, she reaches her quota of twelve maids' stories when a maid is arrested for stealing a piece of jewelry from her employers home.<br /><br />In the midst of writing the book, a literary insurance policy is injected into the manuscript involving Octavia Spencer's character (Minnie). Upon being fired for using the house cammode she responds by making a chocolate pie with a special ingredient and presents it to her employer with an apology. This story is injected into the book as amunition against the employer if they ever found out who wrote and contributed to the book. Minnie lands another job at a plantation owner whose wife is afflicted with miscarriages and an outcast in the Jackson social circle. Minnie graciously and hilariously teaches her how to cook and deal with the white socialites in town. If the audience thought the movie would end upon the book being published, they were thankfully wrong. While Skeeter's name was not anywhere in the book, nor were the real names of the maids, the stories were too close to home not to be found out from non other than the pie eating white socialite who wrote legislation for maids to have separate (but equal) commodes. Words were passed and threats were made but ultimately what transpired between Minnie and Hilde would remain anonymous fulfilling the purpose of the insurance policy of the book. Skeeter's mother reveals to her what actually happened to Constantine and praises her for having the courage she did not posess, a trait that has touched so many then...and now. Sissy Spacek, who played Hilde's mother also gives an oscar worthy performance. This film is funny, moving, and compared to many other films involving race issues, it is soft enough to be watched again and again without losing the take home message of the film. Which is black maids in the deep south genuinely cared for and loved the white children they shared time with, they knew their boundaries to their white counterparts in society, and lived the life their mother's had known. The love between the white children and black maids is undeniable...as love is color-blind. The director, author, producers, and actors have done what so many race centered movies fail to do...enable people to walk out of the theatre feeling good. \\"The Help\\" is a great movie.re too close to home not to be found out from non other than the pie eating white socialite who wrote legislation for maids to have separate (but equal) commodes. Words were passed and threats were made but ultimately what transpired between Minnie and Hilde would remain anonymous fulfilling the purpose of the insurance policy of the book. Skeeter's mother reveals to her what actually happened to Constantine and praises her for having the courage she did not posess, a trait that has touched so many then...and now. Sissy Spacek, who played Hilde's mother also gives an oscar worthy performance. This film is funny, moving, and compared to many other films involving race issues, it is soft enough to be watched again and again without losing the take home message of the film. Which is black maids in the deep south genuinely cared for and loved the white children they shared time with, they knew their boundaries to their white counterparts in society, and lived the life their mother's had known. The love between the white children and black maids is undeniable...as love is color-blind. The director, author, producers, and actors have done what so many race centered movies fail to do...enable people to walk out of the theatre feeling good. \\"The Help\\" is a great movie.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is fun. some games are challenging and you don't get bored easy. I would recommend this game to friends. I love the way you have to earn points to unlock games
1451627289|5.0|Many people hear the name Stephen King and automaticly think vampires and werewolves etc. Sure, he has delved into those subjects but his best (in my opinion)works were not of that ilk. Shawshank, The Body (Stand By Me) were his best works. I would also put The Stand in this group. Actually The Stand is my all time favorite. Such great storytelling and character development. I feel 11/22/63 lives up to these standards. As far as I know I have read pretty much everything he has ever published and I would put this in my top 5 SK list no questions asked.
1439181780|5.0|[[ASIN:1439181780 The Secret: The Power]]  \\"Without The Power you would not have been born. Without The Power, there wouldn't be a single human being on the planet. Every discovery, invention, and human creation comes from The Power.\\"  --- Rhonda Byrne  Whatever you want; want it because you love it. Otherwise, you'll miss the point.  \\"The Power\\" is about loving. It carries forth the message of \\"The Secret\\" that we operate by the law of attraction... but for me, learning that there is unconditional love is the lesson that makes this book a must read.  I criticized \\"The Secret\\" but \\"The Power\\" is all good!
0525478817|5.0|I'm not a crier, but TFIOS really had me going in a few places; those extremely sad parts were balanced, however, with plenty of hilarious scenes that kept me laughing. It's the kind of book that you want to read in one chunk, if at all possible.  For me, it was one of those rare books that, when I was finished reading it, made me feel like it would be grossly inappropriate to go on with my daily life without first taking a few minutes or more to think about the story, both the parts that are told and those that are not.  (For those curious or keeping track, my preordered copy was signed in green and there was no Hanklerfish or Yeti.)
B005K17RU0|5.0|I Love this app. It comes in handy on a daily basis. This app is very helpful when you are planning a quick weekend away. I am so glad I have it.
0061928356|4.0|Every mom who has teenage daughters will see a bit of themselves in the moms who are portrayed in this story.  The book is very well written, I could put myself in the scenes that were being described.  I could see friends, I could see a bit of my own children...additionally, I could relate easily to the middle aged mom's point of view  - being on the path to self discovery after being a wife, mom, for 20 years and finding herself in transition.  One of the things I liked best is that the author did not have to take the reader to places I didn't want to go...it was \\"real\\" without having to add explicit content - IMHO, THAT is the mark of a true author.  Well worth the purchase price, well worth the read.
B005XQLBU4|3.0|I think the difficult level progress a little too fast for me to get use to, which make it not as additive. I think it will hurt its popularity.
B005K17RU0|5.0|This app has about all the features you would want.  Display of current temp in status bar (can also be disabled).  Wind direction and speed as well as a feels like temp.  Has proactive alerts and hourly forecasts.  Extended 10 day forecasts. Many other features. Very nice user interface.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|An outstanding movie! A story of a dog's true devotion to his master. It is one of the few good movies for suitable for all ages.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|Loved it!  Watched it 2 times in row just to catch all the nuances.  Great film - love is a wonderful way to look at the world.
B006O5Y0SS|5.0|Absolutely delightful. If you already love Owen Wilson you will be fascinated by the depth of this performance. I feel like he was so openly expressive here. Really GREAT. Plenty of other wonderful performances also. Enjoy this movie especially if you love to travel.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|\\"The Help\\" is a great movie for everyone! I saw this movie in the theaters when it first came out and bought it recently on Amazon as a gift for my mom. She loved it, so did my dad and my 15 year old sister. I think this is a great movie for people of al ages. It makes you think, laugh and cry. Would definately recommend this movie. Amazon has super fast shipping and cheaper than in the store.
B002WY65W4|1.0|Zombieland is an excellent movie - funny, and it has zombies. What more could you ask? This copy of the blu-ray, however, is a complete rip off. One of the reasons I purchased this version was that it came with the digital copy, but the digital copy had expired before I purchased the disc. This is fraud, plain and simple. If you're going to advertise a digital copy as part of what you get when you purchase the product, then I own the digital copy. Sony yet again proves they have no interest in providing good (or even honest) customer service.
B006PTL1QM|5.0|This is really a story of Victorian restraints versus early 20th century liberationist impulses and tendencies (or of ego versus id). Viggo Mortensen plays Freud as a man who is brave enough to suggest that sex is the key to unlocking virtually every human secret but who is so thoroughly ensconced in Victorian respectablity that he is uncertain what to do with this discovery. Initially, he places his hopes in Jung but, as Michael Fassbender plays him, Jung is too confused by his own personal truths and desires to see a clear way forward. Neither men seem to understand psychoanalysis as Sabina (Keira Knightly) understands it: as a personally and politically liberating art & science. Cronenberg's film (based on a book and stage play) suggests that we still haven't resolved the age-old dispute between Freud's patriarchal rationalism that preserves the social order and a more anti-patriarchal & anti-authoritarian version of psychoanalysis that transforms the social order. Keira Knightly's character seems to be the one nearest realizing some form of compromise between or some sort of synthesis of these two competing branches of the art/science but alas the film ends and we never learn what that way forward might have been. One thing is certain: this is my idea of cinema, a cinema of ideas.
B006O5XYWG|5.0|Saw in Theater. The special effects were mind boggling at the least. A viewer is carried away by the story and not bothered by anything except the heartwrenching story. Incredibly well done. God bless all animals in the world we share with them.
B004G600A4|5.0|Super fast shipping on this movie! I bought this on Amazon for my niece. She just loved it!! Cute movie for adults too! Would recommend buying this on Amazon.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|loved it, addictive little game with many levels. my kids enjoy it as well. great game for free. thanks amazon. works great on kindle fire
B006IGZWB2|1.0|The book and the movie are yet another happy-happy portrayal of good-natured, forward-thinking white people helping out poor black people.  Disgusting, sappy, Forrest Gump-esque portrayal of a pretty little enlightened plantation darling giving black women the courage to tell their stories.  Gross.  Apart from the egregious storyline in the book, the movie version was awful.  The acting was terrible except for the actors who portrayed Aibileen and Celia Foote.  Lead actor Emma Stone was miscast and unfortunate from start to finish.  Minny in the book at least had some self respect...on screen, total loss.
1451648537|5.0|I've always admired Steve Jobs ability to get something done but did not know all the why and where behind him.  This book is very good and very informative.  The author did a good job telling Job's story.
0521173809|5.0|IT is very IETLS book even though it quite expensive but it worth ! It suits for candidate who need 6.5+
B005K17RU0|5.0|works great for kindle fire.  i wish weatherbug was available for kf, but this app is just as good.  The widgets works great on the home screen
B001DMJ9R4|5.0|Best live concert I own, and have quite a selection of live dvd's. Not to mention its their only live show on film
B006O5XYWG|2.0|I rented this instand video and the picture quality was great.  But the movie was so-so.  The writers must have seen the original (how else could they have stold two line) but decided their rise would be very different.  Good concept but the movie was just too too long and boaring.  The movie didn't grab me till the last 30 minutes.  The famous lines were lost in this installment.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|not too bad. great cause its free the games are pretty short and easy. may have to play the same game a few times to unlock others.
B005LAIGGY|4.0|I'm happy to see that film makers and actors have been able to use the tragedy of 9/11 to make money from it.  I think an important part of our tradition as people in general - not just Americans - is to show deep and meaningful sorrow and unity after a tragedy, and then wait a while for the dust to settle.  Then we can make movies about the tragedy for entertainment and money... It's a way of helping us be entertained - and entertainment and money are the most important aspects of life.
B0006284JQ|5.0|I was pretty hesitant for a while to get this CD (the regular edition), because I was like I already own every song, so what's the point? And then I came across this Limited Edition Bonus CD one and instantly knew that this is perfect! It's a great collectible for any Britney fan, and it's not a waste of money because you don't have the other 5 remixes!<br /><br />I reccommend that if you already have all of her other CDs, buy this limited edition!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Love it! The experience is great. Easy to use. I feel privilege to be able to use this electronic Bible to learn the word of God in a seemless fashion. God bless you for all you do to spread the word free of charge
0525478817|5.0|This book, simply stated, was hauntingly beautiful.  It examines our human tendency to place ourselves at the center of all things with acute accuracy.  It also delves deeply into the reality of borrowed time and morality.  For anyone who has ever lost someone to cancer (I have, I lost my mother) this book speaks its own kind of truth to that pain but further lets the reader explore the opposite side, the affected person's reality.  You don't just get to be the one losing, you get to be the one lost.  It is painful and left me listless and teary-eyed but I fear a better person.  A stronger one.  That is my main reason for recommending this book.  Like Green's other works it not only speaks to that part of your soul you let go dormant as you trudge through your daily life, it sings to it, making you stand under an open sky and contemplate not only the fault in our stars but the fault in ourselves.   Read it and be better for it.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|games are ok just have to find the ones you like. but I like hope they get better games though
B006YMM64G|1.0|Amazon's description of this film does not include that it has religious content.  I strongly suggest that it be amended to include just that.  For those of us who practice a religion other than what's presented in this movie, it was a total waste of 5 bucks.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|This is a good game app. It is fun and entertaining and can be challenging as well. Have had no problems with it.
B003VS0CWO|4.0|The blu-ray conversion quality is good and the movie itself...well its Rocky Horror...you either love it or you hate it.  The extras are pretty cool and always worth the extra buck, at this price any Rocky Horror fan should grab this up.<br /><br />NOTE:  The current price of 80.00 is way more than I paid when I got it so when I say its a good value im referring to the roughly 35 dollars I paid.
B005K17RU0|5.0|This app is more accurate, on a more consistant basis than any weatherman on television!  I highly recommend it!  It is even better than the Weather Channel!!
B00127RAJY|5.0|Now, I have not done these videos for 30 days (I cannot do the same videos straight like that). I have been working out for years and actually do all 3 levels in one work out day. To my surprise level 2 burned the most calories at 320 in 30 minutes. If it was an hour long, it would definitely be my 'go to workout'. Level 3 came in next at 275 calories and level 1 at 240 calories. Now if you're new to Jillian, you'll love it, very challenging. But I wake up crazy early in the morning to get my work outs in and enjoy long dvds (anywhere from an hour and a half to 2 hours a day I work out). But on days when I do videos that are an hour to an hour and a half long and need another quick one, LEVEL 2 HAS MY VOTE.
B005KA188S|4.0|This is a good movie for a fun night with popcorns and a couple of friends. I am happy I bought it and will certainly  watch it  a few more times in the future. The blueray has nice  bonus features and one of them is  about how to make a good vampire movie and they checked many boxes,  like a sexy vampire, a weird/drunk/likeable freak, a cute, smart and sexy girl and so on.  The ending was well thought and well performed.  My favorite scene is when the girl shoots the vampire.  The scenes of the movie I felt were poorly done were the confrontations between Evil Ed and Charlie. The performances were very weak. The Evil Ed of the first version was a thousand times better and more believable, in my opinion.  So, the movie  is good and fun to watch with friends, but if the teenage boys  - Charlie, Evil Ed, Mark and Ben - were more believable, the movie could have become a great one.
B0067R0APK|2.0|I like the look of the app and the features, but it is a memory hog. It slowed down my Kindle Fire and my Thunderbolt. Will be uninstalling.
0385535139|2.0|I am generally a John Grisham fan.  This book just did not do it for me.  I read to about the middle, waiting for it to get better.  I finally skipped to the end hoping that knowing what happens would inspire me to keep reading.  The end was decent, but not enough to make me want to go back and finish it.  There just wasn't much of a story.  It was boring.  Not up to par with the rest of his books.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great games .....makes u keep going.  I would highly recommend this app to anyone looking for a bunch of games all in one app
B004EPZ0BG|2.0|This film was boring and had nothing to even make me giggle no less laugh.  Not even the obvious attractiveness of Miss Kunis did anything to enhance my enjoyment of this \\"dog\\".
B000HIVOI2|4.0|The movie itself is in my opinion 5 stars. But this one disk Blu-ray has NO special features  - Spend the extra $3 for the 15th anniversay Edition, or you may wind up kicking yourself.
0670022705|5.0|\\"History of the World in 100 Objects\\" is an extraordinary resource of human history covering two million years, which can give young people an elongated sense of the whole trajectory and richness of the human experience. I can't imagine that it would not expand one's sense of identity within oneself and with the peoples of the world. Add to the book a web site that gives aural presentations, and another for viewing objects up close, and from different angles, and you have a unique and valuable resource for both pleasure and learning.
B000VNMMQ6|1.0|I enjoyed 'Die Hard 4'. It's incredibly far fetched, but thats the nature of many action movies, and it's great to see Bruce back in the Die Hard saddle.<br /><br />However, like another reviewer, I was shocked to find the movie was the theatrical PG-13 version.  No unrated version, which is a serious omission, so I'm going try and return mine. I'll stick with my unrated DVD, which looks good enough to ignore the 'edited' blu ray version.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I like all the options, fun game very entertaining love the graphic. I lose track of time while playing.Its very relaxing.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|angry birds is awesome it is funny when you don't hit all the pig's and the game is over the pig's start to laugh
B00000DG1R|5.0|An inimitable sound - full of intricate guitar lines, Simon's varied vocals and an unerring ability to write pop songs - is what made Duran Duran huge. Everything you could really want is here. Pick it up if you've heard any Duran Duran song and want to hear how many more great ones they penned.
B005Y4241K|1.0|I bought the DVD/CD pack as I love just about all of her songs on her 21 album. When I purchased the album, I did not think or even believe that I would be presented with so much trash talking from her.  Whoever decided to produce this concert and publish it needs to be fired!  My copy is going exactly where it belongs - in the trash.  I am a Brit., and I am totally ashamed of her representation of a Brit.  I love her music and her message, but I will never have the same feelings when I listen to her songs again as her image(for me) as been spoiled.  Do not buy the DVD if you have teenagers or younger children.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|Excellent service and condition.  You can never go wrong with the old Disney classics.  My neighbor absolutely loves these videos even though she is 60 years old.
B003PPDBQ2|5.0|Excellent book. It kept me turning the page and I read it in 2 sittings. The book opens with Beatrice's sister Tess missing, but very soon the body is found and the police rule it suicide. But Bee knows it couldn't be so she starts investigating. This is original because of the way it's written, as a kind of letter to Tess telling her what happened in the past tense and then switching to the present, with a huge twist at the end, that I didn't see coming until the last moment. Skillful plotting but also a love letter to sisterhood. Recommended.
B006OB3K56|1.0|*** This review may contain spoilers ***<br /><br />Rating: 1.5<br /><br />I'm still trying to figure out why this film has received so many accolades from the media. Perhaps it's director Steve McQueen's visceral style and the performer's intense performances. But none of this can make up for the vapid, manipulative screenplay, featuring characters we learn next to nothing about.<br /><br />McQueen's protagonist is 'Brandon', a sex addict who appears to be angry at the world for largely unknown reasons. The one thing that Brandon is clearly resentful about, is having to put his co-dependent sister, Sissy, up in his apartment. Sissy alludes to the fact that they were both abused as children but we never learn any significant details about the abuse. Sissy turns out to be a wholly unsympathetic character, a freeloader who expects her brother to take care of her.<br /><br />We end up getting a brief peek at Brandon's work world when we're introduced to his obnoxious boss, David, who flatters every woman he meets, and gets nowhere. In contrast, bad boy Brandon acts disinterested with the same women David tries to score with, and becomes an instant babe magnet. The best loser David can do is bed Sissy at Brandon's apartment, with the angry brother, seething, as he's forced to listen to the sounds of their lovemaking inside the bedroom.<br /><br />McQueen has an annoying habit of holding shots for too long. There's a wholly unnecessary scene where we see Brandon urinating in the bathroom from a distance. Ditto when Sissy sings an awfully slow rendition of 'New York, New York' during her gig as a lounge singer.<br /><br />Eventually, Brandon has a 'normal' date with Nicole but admits to her over dinner that the longest relationship he's ever had was four months. When he attempts to have sex with her, this time he's a complete flop, as he's unable to cope with the intimacy of a more genuine encounter.<br /><br />By now, we realize that Writer/Director McQueen has no additional aces to play. Brandon is hardly someone we can care about because McQueen doesn't know how to develop his characters. Yes, we 'get it' early on that Brandon is an emotionally stunted, cut-off individual who uses sex do dull his inner turmoil, just like any addict. After watching one mechanical sex scene after another, culminating in Brandon's particularly dull encounter at a gay sex club (which is supposed to represent the apotheosis of his desperate fixation), our sympathy for this loser of a protagonist, has reached its lowest nadir.<br /><br />Now McQueen aims to redeem Brandon through a decided, manipulative, sleight of hand. The police action in the subway station which Brandon is about to disembark at, leads one to believe that someone has jumped on to the tracks. Could it be sister Sissy? Brandon runs out of the station and up to his apartment, only to find that Sissy has opted for a much more conventional attempt at suicide--she's a bloody mess after slitting her wrists. It's taken the shock of almost losing his sister, to wake Brandon up. At film's end, director McQueen implies that Brandon will no longer be cruising the streets for his next pick up.<br /><br />Take away all the slick cinematography and one is left with the standard melodrama of a sad sack who can't stand himself and hates the world. McQueen, and other uninspired film makers like him, believes this is enough for character development. But for those who appreciate the craft of screen writing, only fully realized, BELIEVABLE and sympathetic characters, should populate the pages of a screenplay, the particular type, that truly deserves all the honors bestowed upon it.McQueen doesn't know how to develop his characters. Yes, we 'get it' early on that Brandon is an emotionally stunted, cut-off individual who uses sex do dull his inner turmoil, just like any addict. After watching one mechanical sex scene after another, culminating in Brandon's particularly dull encounter at a gay sex club (which is supposed to represent the apotheosis of his desperate fixation), our sympathy for this loser of a protagonist, has reached its lowest nadir.  Now McQueen aims to redeem Brandon through a decided, manipulative, sleight of hand. The police action in the subway station which Brandon is about to disembark at, leads one to believe that someone has jumped on to the tracks. Could it be sister Sissy? Brandon runs out of the station and up to his apartment, only to find that Sissy has opted for a much more conventional attempt at suicide--she's a bloody mess after slitting her wrists. It's taken the shock of almost losing his sister, to wake Brandon up. At film's end, director McQueen implies that Brandon will no longer be cruising the streets for his next pick up.  Take away all the slick cinematography and one is left with the standard melodrama of a sad sack who can't stand himself and hates the world. McQueen, and other uninspired film makers like him, believes this is enough for character development. But for those who appreciate the craft of screen writing, only fully realized, BELIEVABLE and sympathetic characters, should populate the pages of a screenplay, the particular type, that truly deserves all the honors bestowed upon it.
B004YW4L5K|5.0|I love this book and am delighted to have the opportunity to carry around with me on my iphone.  A definite positive addition to my digital library, which is complimentary to my real books-on-shelf-or-nightstand library.  A fantastic read!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I have watched this several times and it is now being passed among friends. I could not keep it to myself. There are a lot of things that I follow such as Monsanto, GMO in our food chain, and the not so pleasant way we have turned animals into food. It is not a movie to make you become vegetarian, but lets you see how the subsidized farming has replaced the family farmer and how regulations are killing the smaller but healthier farms. This movie opened my eyes to so much more! OMG...really? After seeing this, my shopping habits changed yet again. My family has been fervent about growing our own food and getting out of the \\"chain store\\" shopping as much as we can afford. It is a very well documented and presented movie. Not as gross as the PETA films, but certainly gets the point across. Just a side note: My husband and I were in Texas last year and we drove past some cattle \\"fields\\" similar to those shown in this movie. It was horrible to see in on film, it was horrifying to see it for real. This stuff is not made up. Watch it, but you might want to keep a barf bag handy.
B0063GORYU|5.0|this game makes u use your mind and find a way to get the sugts so have fun playing if u like chesst this is a game for u
B003Q6D1YW|5.0|In the end, who cares if it's a documentary, a massaged / recreated documentary, or a totally fake, scripted and ad-libbed film?  What's important is that it's a good story, well told.  It's not a big story - no-one dies - but it's a thoughtful and worthwhile story.  It takes a lot for me to enjoy a movie, and as I started watching it I definitely didn't like it.  Nev smiles too much, he lives a privileged lifestyle and he's too good looking and nice to be anything but annoying - at first.  But with excellent directing (which amounts mainly to excellent editing), intrigue quickly builds.  Are we heading into psycho, Blair Witch territory, or somewhere else?  Seriously, don't bother with the naysayers or those endlessly dissecting it.  Go with your gut.  Sit back, relax, watch the movie and, dare I say it, think a little too.  Then, afterwards, you can rack your brains trying to figure out whether it was real or fake or half-fake and half-real, or mostly-real-but-reshot-to-make-it-look-realer, or...
B005ZOBNOI|2.0|Although extremely well written, I can't say I have ever encountered a more depressing book.  This story cuts to the core of a parents biggest fears and although Mr.Greene might be trying to show us how strong the human spirit may indeed be, this book has not inspired me in the least.  In fact it feels like it took the worst possible scenarios a parent could encounter and threw it into a book to depress its reader and show them that in case they thought their life is bad, it has a high probability of getting worse.  I actually wish I could \\"unread\\" this book and forget how depressing it was.<br />Don't get me wrong, I read Jodi Picoult which has a high probability of making me sad or bringing me to tears but this book felt like it did so much more damage in terms of its hopelessness.
B005K17RU0|4.0|learning the details but happy with present activities plesently surprised with notifications of weather changes. looking toward to swing more.
B006WQLH7G|1.0|Two issues. Told that different signed for anti theft force me to uninstall it. Cannot have both Installation come with no virus definitions, so left only engine. Anti virus with no brain.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game!!! There are so many games to choose from and every time you get enough points, you can buy more! I love it!
B004EPYZXK|1.0|if you have nothing to do & you \\"ARE DEAD\\".....(still don't waste your time). You will have a more enjoyable time reading the dictionary.
145551389X|5.0|Being of the latter part of the baby boomers, I have just gone wild over Lady Gaga, love this book and recommend it to any fan.
B004SJ3AXI|2.0|I love Angry Birds but this is a BUGGY update.  Closing out ads causes loss of controls.  An update is needed ASAP.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This is a good app. All of the ads don't really bother me but like other people have said some of the controls.are.hard to work and some of the games are hard to pass. Also I do not understand some of the game.
0553801473|1.0|I would give all the previous books in the series at least a 4 or higher, and each one left me anticipating the next book.  But this book has completely destroyed any interest I have in finding out what happens next in the series.  This book goes absolutely NOWHERE interesting.  It is like packing to go on a road trip, but spending the entire trip going around in circles in a parking lot.  Other reviewers have commented on the excessive details; I don't mind details if they add something to the story, but too often the details just seem like filler (was GRRM getting paid by the word?). Too much time was spent on what the chracters ate, or what they wore (I'm talking about you, Dany), and not enough time on what they thought or felt. I kept waiting for something to happen, and everytime the story looked as though it were going to pick up steam (see Reek), it fizzled out like wet firecrackers. The other 4 books kept me up at night reading until the wee hours of the morning, this one put me to sleep.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|some of the games are a little corny. but overall, most of the games are good. only problem is when you don't know the controls of the game or, the are hard to understand.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I always love a good game of solitaire! And this Kindle Fire app is no exception! Fast, fluid card movement at it's best!
B006RUJST6|4.0|I enjoyed this book very much.  Although it was a bit repetitive at parts and the plot dragged in the middle, it was engrossing.  I had a hard time putting this one down and just had to keep reading so I could see what happened next.
B00003CXC7|5.0|It is difficult for me to decide which of Alfred Hitchcock's films is best. They are all excellent - masterpieces.<br /><br />Rear Window boasts a strong casting compliment, a solid story line, and a master director to make it all fly off the screen. From a short story of only thirty pages by Cornell Woolrich, the chill of murder was never colder.<br /><br />Jimmy Stewart is convalescing and confined to a wheelchair. His girl friend (Grace Kelley) visits, sometimes cooks, sometimes has dinner sent in. Jimmy Stewart is a photographer and as such has a natural curiosity. The rear window of his apartment faces a courtyard and the rear windows of various other apartments. He knows just about all the neighbors by eavesdropping or peeping as it may be called. One day, he notices something very strange at Raymond Burr's apartment. The wife does not seem to be there anymore, the curtains drawn where they never were before, and Burr acting jumpy, making trips out of the apartment with a suitcase, clearing the way with suspicious eyes.<br /><br />Well, there are the opening minutes and now, suspense is a sure thing.<br /><br />This film is a must for Hitchcock fans to enjoy over and over again. To those not yet fans, what are you waiting for?
031603441X|4.0|The most touching thing in the riveting biography is the last photo which includes his wife, his 4 kids and 3 grandkids. It kind of 'humanizes' Keith in a way that I didn't feel was possible with all the myths and stories regarding him. I liked this book as it kind of reminded me of Bob Dylan's Chronicles, where Bob would just go off in a tangent when reliving a moment. I like that. We pretty much know the Stones story, but I enjoyed some of the stories he relived around the 80's which has hardly been mentioned. His attack on Mick was vicious, he never really liked Bill or Brian, loves Charlie to death, a big brother to Ronnie, but never really knew Mick Taylor. Well written, engaging, funny, tragic and jaw-dropping.
B004K8WPUQ|4.0|I'm using the shotgun mic attached to my GoPro Hero2 mounted on a Merlin SteadyCam.  There's a vast improvement over Hero2's microphone though GoPro's aren't intended for high quality audio.  Though their video is amazing at 1080p.<br /><br />I use the +20db boost for quieter conversations and back off to 0db for louder environments. Since I have it strapped to the Merlin Steadycam, the \\"delicate\\" suspension system doesn't come into play for me.  In fact I've removed it.  I do find that the audio cord is indeed a bit flimsy so I handle it delicately.<br /><br />All in all, I am extremely pleased with the quality of the audio I now get with the GoPro.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|This game is fun!  And... No problems yet. Super sweet! It gets more intense a you go. One of the most funnest to play.
B004PUG7MG|5.0|Really enjoying this album. I've listened to it quite a bit. I'm not much of a music critic, but I know what I like and this album is definitely in the like column. I enjoyed Avril's first album, and this one is similar in tone and style. Lots of slower songs, but still solid energy behind them. \\"What the Hell\\" is the stand-out pop hit and it's a fun song and highlight of the album. Also like \\"4 Real,\\" \\"Remember When,\\" \\"Smile,\\" \\"Wish You Were Here,\\" and \\"Push\\" (which is my second favorite on the album). \\"Black Star\\" I can live without, \\"Alice\\" is okay but not really worth talking about, and the few other songs are just there. Overall, there's nothing to dislike on the album, even with a few tracks that aren't as memorable as the rest. If you preferred \\"The Best Damn Thing\\" album to \\"Under My Skin\\" & \\"Let Go,\\" this one might let you down.
B00005JPCF|1.0|Name me one funny line in this whole movie. You can't.  The whole thing was forced. The story line was terrible and the writing was sloppy. The kids (10, 8, 5, 3) hated it. I threw away the DVD.
1451648537|5.0|Isaacson does a great job painting a portrait of one of the primary players in the tech revolution. The story is told in a pretty dispassionate way. Isaacson doesn't judge Jobs, just tells his story. Unfortunately for Steve, the result isn't exactly glowing. When you're having meltdowns over the way a CD-ROM loads into an iMac, you might want to consider medication.  Steve Jobs was apparently a temperamental, obnoxious bore. He could be cruel to the people who worked for him, but tended to divide the world into geniuses and idiots. This results in at least one unintentionally humorous passage where Jobs accidentally labels John Sculley a genius perhaps a bit too soon. Still, Jobs manages to take employees with him from Apple when he founds Next computer. It's amazing how many people remained so loyal to him. I think this is one of the book's few faults. We really don't get into the minds of those who develop a real rapport with him. Ostensibly the man was insufferable, and yet he had his die hard followers.  It's sad when Jobs takes ill, but darkly fascinating. Jobs was quite intelligent, but still insisted on trying to cure his cancer without a surgeon. His friends and family are horrified. I wonder what was going on in his mind. I suspect his reality distortion field finally got to him.  When I picked up this book, I wasn't much a fan of Steve Jobs. I'm still not much of a fan of Jobs; but I have to hand it to him, he lead an interesting life.
0061537969|5.0|It is so easy to forget that a dog is telling this story. The love he has for Denny is unconditional. You see how the two characters grow up together and learn to love others, dislike people and finally mature enough to get past bitter feelings and walk away from negativity.  I cried happy and sad tears while smiling all the time.  These are powerful characters that you will fall in love with.
0061537969|2.0|This is a pretty bland one. If the story wasn't told from the point of view of a dog, would there be anything there? Not really. I can sum it up in a few brief sentences: Boy meets girl. Girl (a) has little girl (b). Girl (a) gets sick and dies. Her folks are evil and they sue Boy for custody of girl (b). After arduous struggle, Boy is victorious proving good conquers over evil. Queue music.  Oh yeah, and there's some racing too. But the racing doesn't do much to advance the story. It's all just a metaphor. You see, the protagonist is really good at racing in the rain. And when racing in the rain, the key is not to react. If you let go and accept what you cannot change (or whatever), you'll drive (navigate life) like a champ.  I think the book had a dog too, so that's a plus.
B0023P1D8S|5.0|Like most Sabbath fans, I bought this for the second disc containing rarities and outtakes, but since my only copies of Master of Reality were an old cassette and a burned CD, it worked out all the way around.  The album itself sounds fine; it's not noticeably different from past releases I've heard, so don't expect any major improvements or changes there.  That second disc, though, like most other reviewers have noted, is incredible!  All of the Deluxe Editions have cool extras, but I like this mix the best.  It starts with Weevil Woman '71, a great song not quite finished for Master of Reality's original release.  Nothing is cooler than getting an old Sabbath song from their best era that's been unheard until now, and this song rocks.  Great riffs from Tony that would fit right in on Master of Reality.  I'd say the next best possibilities for bonuses, after rare, unreleased songs, are alternate versions and instrumentals, and this edition has both.  First, Sweet Leaf, Children of the Grave, and Into the Void/Spanish Sid all have different lyrics and variations in instrumentation from their originals.  Also, Lord of This World sounds incredibly cool with piano and slide guitar mixed in, as does Solitude with no effects on Ozzy's vocals or flute in the background.  As for instrumentals, you get After Forever and Children of the Grave, plus Orchid, which was already an instrumental, but features a brief lead-in by Tony.  Nothing against Ozzy, but I love hearing just the band playing those songs.  You can really hear them jam more without the vocals, and I usually hear a guitar lick or drum fill here and there that I never noticed before.  In addition to the great CD's, this edition has an extensive 20-page booklet with a long article about the band's early 70's era, tons of vintage pics, and song lyrics.  I've been wearing this CD out since I got it, so if you're a hardcore Sabbath fan like I am, I'd highly recommend getting this.  I agree with everyone else who says it's a must-have.it's a must-have.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I really enjoyed this app. it helped cure my bordom. its a little hard on some games. All in all good games.
B006QVRUS2|5.0|A boy, carrying (or was it armed?) with a stick, assaults another boy in a park. This prompts their parents to convene in a New York apartment to discuss the incident in Carnage, the latest effort from director Roman Polanski. Based on the acclaimed play God of Carnage by Yasmina Reza and adapted for the screen by Reza and Polanski, this 76-minute film takes place entirely in a single apartment, mostly in one room, and consists of only four actors. It's certainly a radical departure from Polanski's previous film [[ASIN:B0036TGSRG The Ghost Writer]], still one of the most underrated films of 2010.  This pitch-black comedy is one of the most surprising films of 2011 because of how tremendously it succeeds in a cinematic setting, avoiding the overwrought tedium that could have accompanied a film with only one set and a small group of actors. Translating a difficult story with stage origins to the screen is not new territory for Polanski, whose three-man show [[ASIN:B00008YLV8 Death and the Maiden]] was also based on a play and managed to be both intense and entertaining. Even so, I was ill prepared for just how impressive Carnage would ultimately be.  Alan and Nancy (Christoph Waltz and Kate Winslet) arrive at the New York apartment of Michael and Penelope (John C. Reilly and Jodie Foster) with the intention of casually discussing the incident between their children. It's immediately clear that no one feels comfortable, with all four seemingly teetering dangerously close to the edge, ready to burst at any moment. Alan, an attorney, is constantly on his cellphone and the incessant bickering between the two couples only grows more incessant as the evening goes on. With the faade of maturity wearing thin and the conversations growing increasingly awkward, Alan and Nancy attempt to leave, but something always brings them back in. The film begins with these characters on edge and slowly pushes them off. Soon, characters are vomiting and what begins as a simple meeting over children descends into trivial arguments, drunken tirades, and increasingly childish behavior.  Miraculously, this is all fascinating to watch. All dialogue, the film never slows down due to the fast, furious banter. It's based on a play but this adaptation is a masterwork of screenwriting. The structure is tight, the pacing perfect, and it glows with wit and cynicism. When action films can lull audiences to sleep, it takes a special kind of brilliance to write four characters talking non-stop in such a way that puts the audience on the edge of their seat. Too often I'll see a film that can't separate itself from its own stage origins. Carnage, in theory, is so obviously based on a theatrical production, confined entirely to a single apartment with such a small cast and yet it feels right seeing this drama unfold on screen. Polanski is a graceful director with the ability to make great films, entertaining films, and great, entertaining films. He keeps things moving quickly without choppy editing or spastic camera movement. He allows his shot to linger for just the right amount of time before moving on and makes things claustrophobic without suffocating the audience. It's rare that a film moves so quickly without appearing to be in any sort of hurry.  Polanski has nabbed quite the cast, with three Academy Award winners and an Academy Award nominee assuming the main roles. Carnage can only be as good as the actors that bring it to life and everyone delivers. The film is very funny and the script has its fair share of wit, but the humor onscreen comes not from written lines but the way the characters cope with their increasing frustration. The real biting humor comes from the slow disintegration of each character's faade and each actor gives an award-worthy performance in illustrating this breakdown. These performances show that a subtle impending implosion can often be more captivating and suspenseful on film than any extravagant, CGI explosion. All four play verydifferent characters in vastly different ways, with the majority of positive attention going to Winslet and Foster. Both veterans of their craft, Foster gives the more subtle performance of a woman under pressure and about to explode, while Winslet is more extroverted as a woman under pressure and about to vomit.  If I had to award a single cast member it would be Waltz, an unceasingly hypnotic actor with a slightly dangerous air. He fashions a snake-like performance that fixates your eyes to the screen. His performance is more of a balance of internal and external than anyone and his venomous way of saying condescending lines of dialogue is unmatched.  The weakest link in the cast is John C. Reilly, slowly easing back into the dramatic roles that established him. While he's more well-known now for his comedic performances, he's a very talented dramatic actor who just seems overwhelmed here. In another movie, it wouldn't be too noticeable but his delivery and the way he carries himself here isn't as assured as the actors he's surrounded by.  Carnage seizes you immediately and glides through its brisk running time. Never does it wear out its welcome and when it ends, I was still ready for more. It's one of the best screenplays of the year, brought to life exquisitely by one of the world's greatest filmmakers. Polanski doesn't have a specific style, which allows him to bring something different to every film he makes. He's a master of the filmmaking medium, able to make a compelling film in any genre.  Could any director put out two films in a row more different from each other in story, tone, and execution than this and The Ghost Writer?  I don't know how well this will hold up on repeat viewings, but I was floored by Carnage. I expected to enjoy it, but I didn't expect how giddily I would proclaim it to be one of my favorite films of the year. Set aside any reservations you may have about the film's ability to entertain or captivate and see it, or risk missing someof the best performances in 2011 in one of 2011's best films.  GRADE: A
0345350499|4.0|I'm a lifelong fan of fantasy and science fiction. Somehow I'd never read this book until just now.  This is an epic work of fiction. It is, in places, clumsily written--characters flinching and blushing all over the place when normal human beings would just be having a conversation, however awkward and unpleasant; some descriptive words are repeated to death, and in general the prose leans toward the purple. However, the writing isn't a barrier to reading. It's smooth and well-written enough to carry the reader through the story. And the story is gripping. I couldn't stop reading it once I'd started. From that perspective, it's fiction done well.  But it is fiction, which seems to be a point of some absurd contention in some reviews. There are no \\"facts\\" about Arthurian legend to get wrong. It's a legend, and legends are retold and rewritten constantly--that's the nature of human experience. We reinterpret old stories to clarify our present world. Stories change over time, and I love that the author took this legend and retooled it.  What I don't love is the heavy-handedness of the message. I'm a feminist, which some people would take offense at; I assume those are the same people who would be irritated at seeing a female lead, who possesses power, treated compassionately and as a human being. However, the message of the book is repeated, over and over again, almost verbatim at times: the old, matriarchal culture and the new, patriarchal, monotheistic culture are the same in that they both worship the same Divine entity. Okay. All gods are one God. I got it. I got it seven hundred pages ago. You can stop saying it.  And as a feminist, I didn't find the plot particularly empowering. The internal monologues of Morgaine, our allegedly sympathetic main character, revolve almost entirely around how her destiny has been controlled by others: her priestess, her loves, her rulers--largely men. If I were to sit down and parse out what Morgaine spent the majority of her lifedoing, it would be housework. For someone who constantly explains how she is not any man's slave/beholden to anyone/accustomed to being treated like that, etc., she spends most of the book and most of her life moaning about being tossed on a sea of fate. It gets boring. And I find it irritating that someone who's held up as an intelligent, wise leader would talk and act like someone a few IQ points short of how everyone else seems to see her. It's not enough to tell me that Morgaine is wise. I'd like to see some evidence. Mooning over a man who treats her poorly, acting like every time she experiences lust it's a life-altering case of love. Morgaine doesn't act like a wise priestess, and she doesn't sound like one. She sounds like someone who's afraid to take responsibility for her own actions and her own life and her own happiness. Feminism shouldn't be perceived as the notion that women are somehow superior to men or that Goddess-worship is preferable to some other form of worship (which isn't the point of the book, but the book could easily be read that way); feminism should reflect autonomy. Women are human beings, with the same desire for self-actualization that any human being will have. Morgaine falls so far short of autonomy and even an attempt at self-actualization that by the end of the book all I could feel for the character was contempt. I had to periodically stop reading for sheer frustration that someone touted as specifically being wise would make the most ridiculous decisions, time and again.  Which is clearly not what I'm supposed to feel: I'm supposed to be struck by her sacrifices, her hardships, her bravery and strength and wisdom, the fact that she can reflect on her mistakes and find meaning in them. But instead I keep thinking, what kind of wise, brave priestess spends several hundred pages whining about her crappy marriage and doing absolutely nothing about it? It reinforces the notion that women are inherently passive, that we should mope rather than act. Additionally, I would like to see a female character who doesn't weep about how ugly she feels (and then is immediately reassured by someone, either male or female, that she's not that ugly). The message that you're only attractive if you're physically attractive is pervasive and pernicious. Just once, I'd like to see a heroine who is genuinely average-looking, and who doesn't need to validation of anyone, male or female, to feel worthwhile. (Barbara Hambly does some nice work in that vein.)  So, although several reviewers seem to feel that this book is too feminist, I don't think it's feminist enough. I think there's far too much attention paid to sexual attraction, which is elevated to \\"love\\" almost every time it appears in this book, and nowhere near enough attention paid to basic human nature. The characters remain in love with people despite having no apparent reason to. The characters oscillate between emotions within conversations in ways that are wildly improbable. Anyone who's had an argument in real life knows how it goes, what it feels like. You don't hate your husband one minute and feel mild warmth and pity for him the next. If you're angry, you're angry for a reason--I would hope--and the reason doesn't just vanish, or get resolved by a completely unrelated discussion. The characters in this book don't communicate. They don't act like real people. We hear enough about their feelings--hundreds of pages--but I never get the sense that these are real feelings, that these are emotions that are comprehensible to me. It's like watching a soap opera.  Readers familiar with gay and lesbian studies may be familiar with the \\"Dead/Crazy Cliche.\\" This is where, if someone in a story experiences same-sex desire, by the end of the story they must either be dead or insane. I wish I could say that this book broke that mold and treated same-sex sexual experience with sensitivity and realism. It does not. In fact, it extends the Dead/Crazy Cliche (whichcan also be described as the Dead/Evil or the Crazy/Evil) to all women: if a woman has sexual experiences that she chooses in any way, she will suffer for them. There isn't a single sexual event in the book that's purely positive. Every woman is punished for her sexuality. Despite the attempts of the author to make the sexual message empowering, it comes off as more regurgitation of the prevailing social norms. Women can't be sexual. We aren't allowed to be. And if we are, it had better be in the service of something greater than ourselves--a religion, a kingdom. Her women who are sexual end up killing their lovers or their children. It doesn't feel true to life. It feels bloated and grandiose. This book needed considerably more editing than it got.  The first third of the book is the best. The rest feels tacked-on, like she didn't know where she was going with this. There are inexplicable plot twists and near-incoherent internal monologues. It's not the greatest book I've ever read. It didn't change the way I thought or felt about anything. It is an epic, and it affected the fiction-writing that followed (sometimes for good and sometimes not; I'm looking at you, Mercedes Lackey, and yes, even you, Tanith Lee--some of your worst works were modeled after this), but it's not a legend in and of itself. It's fan-fiction for British history. It's worth reading, but not revering.
1451627289|5.0|Loved it, cool idea, Stephen King's writing juices have finally come back. One part in the book goes on a little too long, however beginning and end are awesome, I always was interested in the Kennedys and this book made it interesting. I suggest you read this book and enjoy yourself.
B0063IH60K|4.0|perfect except for the ads, even though they aren't common. good interface and visuals. overall the best solitaire on the amazon market.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Ai use evernote everyday to take notes for class. havingall my notes synched between all my computers is great. so just great.
B005IZLPMY|5.0|I ordered this DVD for my grandson for Christmas and it arrived just in time for the holiday.  My grandson was very pleased to receive it for Christmas and I was pleased that it arrived in time. thank you for a job well done.  K. in Michigan
B0052UZIFA|4.0|I love this game, i own it on several platforms. I recently upgraded to a galaxy nexus running ice cream sandwich. I can sometimes play one level then it locks up and must be force closed. Please fix.
0525478817|5.0|Great read, I didn't expect it to be so good and it is easily one of my most favorites I've read in my lifetime. The book isn't just some romance novel or a book about hopes and miracles, it takes a complex view about the intricacies of dying and not just death. I highly recommend it.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|Received very quickly, in condition promised, would purchase items from them again in the future, had a great experience, highly recommended
0307454541|5.0|This book is AWESOME! I think it is amazing that this author can be translated and still be such an awesome book! I just wish that you get to see Salander more. There is not much more to say except for go and check it out!
B006Y5BWQG|5.0|BEFORE YOU START: THIS IS NOT AN NBC RIP-OFF OF \\"GLEE.\\" I know that's what it seems, but it can't be helped that this program also involves music and people having a dying urge to get famous. But this show, \\"Smash,\\" is not \\"Glee.\\" It's much more enjoyable and is something more adults can relate to, rather than just teenagers. \\"Smash\\" tells the story of two (that's right, two) musical actresses desperate to be stars. Then they both stumble upon a musical about Marilyn Monroe. The two breeze through their auditions, and make the callbacks, leading us to a two woman \\"fight to the death\\" for the part. The two do very well in the callbacks, and that's where the pilot ends. I know the plot sounds like it's been done a lot, but I think \\"Smash\\" will be able to make interesting to follow with. It's like a modern version of \\"Chicago\\" (mind you I said \\"like.\\") So far the pilot's prospective, this seems like this will be an excellent show. The characters are colorful, and two male characters seem to have a bad history that will probably be revealed later on. I'm on board with \\"Smash\\" and I hope this does well. I give it a 9/10.
B001GWK2MC|5.0|I purchased this Bounce Castle for my grandson's 4th birthday party. It was a huge hit, the kids loved it. I had no problems and lots of inquiries on where I got it.<br />There were 12 children in attendance ranging from 1 yr to 7 yrs. Even the 1 yr olds enjoyed it under close supervision. The other children could not get enough of it.<br />I will say I took care in inflating it. I stretched it out as much as possible and let it relax several hours, then inflated it only about 80% and allowed it to sit overnight before totally inflating it for play.<br />It was bigger than I expected which was a pleasant surprise for me.<br />I would recommend and purchase again.
B005NQ5LSC|5.0|I had watch this movie on regular dvd  and i really liked it that's why i bought it on blu-ray and it looks great watching on blu-ray.
B0060ZJ7BC|5.0|You don't have to be a fan of baseball to relish this film, no you don't. MONEYBALL can be enjoyed as a compelling underdog sports film, or as a terrifically-acted drama, or as a slice of Americana. This is the biopic of Billy Beane and how he changed the game of baseball, or the numbers crunching bits of it anyway. I confess that when Billy Beane first overhauled the Oakland A's system back in the early oughts, I was as skeptical as any guy watching from a distance and taking in his odd shenanigans. But then the Oakland Athletics made that historic run. Back then, I remained a skeptic. It took this film and its examination of the nuts and bolts of the moneyball process for me to fully appreciate what this man had done. This film injects a bit of soulfulness into a soulless system that is inherently calculating and is all about the gathering and analyzing of computer-generated statistical data to draft a team's players. You have to remember that Billy Beane had no choice but to go the sabermetric route.<br /><br />Beane has an insider's perspective. He, after all, actually was in the show, having played in the professional league for some years... and abjectly failing. How must it have felt to be courted by baseball scouts and skipping college to go pro, only to realize that you don't belong? It painfully dawns on Beane that scouts don't really have any magic formula. Sometimes, the product is purchased based on its potential and it doesn't pan out, like Beane didn't pan out. He opted for a sudden career shift, becoming a scout himself. From there he rose up the career ladder and ended up General Manager of the Oakland A's. And yet his inner demons continue to haunt him.<br /><br />Brad Pitt deserves all the award nominations he gets. He is so good here. As MONEYBALL opens with Oakland and its big guns getting eliminated in the playoffs, the camera shoots to a frustrated Billy Beane who prefers to listen to the game on the radio rather than actually watching it. With Oakland done for the season, Beane focuses on rebuilding the team, what with free agency threatening to take away Oakland's marquee players. Except that the A's are a small market team, and the owner just can't compete with the obscene salaries doled out by the big market teams (cough*damnyankees*cough). The owner directs Beane to make do with the budget he's got, which is a pittance.<br /><br />\\"You don't put a team together with a computer, Billy,\\" some naysayer remarks, but never mind that. The moneyball scheme was constructed by a desperate Beane and lowly Yale economics graduate and stats fiend Peter Brand (a shockingly effective Jonah Hill). Brand is based on Paul DePodesta who was Billy Beane's real-life assistant. The film goes on to chronicle how the 2002 Oakland A's became the laughingstock of the Major League Baseball with its dismal early losses and its no-name roster made up of players who are either too old or who throw funny or have unmanageable tempers. \\"Island of misfit toys,\\" is how someone describes it. But, somewhere along the way, Oakland began to surge up the rankings and then there was that phenomenal winning streak, another instance of fact being stranger than fiction. Nowadays what MLB team isn't using sabermetrics?<br /><br />Pitt's performance fuels the film, but his outstanding rapport with Jonah Hill and with Kerris Dorsey, who plays his sensitive young daughter, cannot be overlooked. It's never as good as when Pitt is sharing a scene with either of them. But you have to credit Aaron Sorkin and Steven Zaillian's sharp, lively, and emotionally satisfying screenplay. You'll laugh and cheer and maybe even get misty-eyed. I don't think it's a secret anymore that Brad Pitt really can act, but the man's suffered from the infamous pretty face syndrome. When he finally began to show wear and tear on his mug, I think that's when folks began to take him seriously as an actor. In MONEYBALL he commands the screen utterly. Just give him the Oscar already and let's all go home.lready and let's all go home.
B005OK721G|3.0|ok movies for people likes too much action  but not excellent as I  thought. As far as  DVD  its self good quality no problem what so  ever.
B0063GORYU|3.0|This game is alright. There aren't any real issues. its kind of easy. I like regular solitaire better. that's just me.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|These games are really fun!! Gives you a challenge and there's actually more then 101 games!! Try it, super funn:)
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Really fun and addictive game. already had a missile defence game but this one is more fun for me. i like the retro artwork and the speed of each level.
B004I744AS|5.0|I love this dictionary. It translates too. It is so useful and helpful to me. This is going to be my favorite dictionary.
B0061JPYX2|1.0|I seriously doubt any of this material would have been included in a new album had she lived.  The rap number is especially poor as what's-his-name keeps losing the beat when he takes a breath.  The duet with Tony Bennet is the same cut that's on his new record. Her other songs just seem to wander around in the dark.
0439023521|5.0|Ok, so I picked this one up to see what all the to-do was about, and also because I wanted to read it before the movie came out.  I had a co-worker who doesn't normally read these things recommend it to me, which was a good sign in my opinion.  Also, my wife, who is a school teacher, had heard a number of good things as well.  So I finally gave in and read it - and I was very surprised!  This book was much more brutal than I was expecting!  My fiction tastes usually fall in the realm of fantasy/sci-fi, and this fit right in.  The bleak future outlook and action fit right into my wheelhouse, and the plot was tense throughout.  The brief moments of humor or tenderness serve as a brief respite from what is to come in the book.  I had to keep reading as fast as I could because I had to see what was going to happen to these characters.  Memories of Battle Royale (the movie) and The Running Man (also the movie version) kept running through my head.  I kept thinking, \\"I can't believe they've made this theme into a novel suitable for young adults!\\"  But it works!  Katniss is a great character, and as tough as they come.  What a great (and strong) heroine.  I can't wait to read the next one!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun games but there are a lot of apps. you have to unlock the games with points. Awesome game though
B006BDHAX0|1.0|My wife got hooked on the free version, but it went belly up constantly.  She bought this version figuring it would work better, but sadly, she did not visit the reveiws and just bought it.  Now we join the other reviewers with a game that can't handle the real world!  Hopefully the developer will figure out the problem and provide us with a fix?  We are running this on a kindle fire!
B005K17RU0|5.0|Every morning when I wake up, first thing I do is open this wondrous FREE app. then plan my day accordingly. 5/5 for sure.
B004EPYZPS|4.0|Super 8 was poorly named and I think this movie was given horrible previews/trailers.  The kids were great, storyline pretty good, the alien part and ending fell a little short, but overall a good movie.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Works great on Fire. Cards move easily. Game bookmarks so you can come back to the same deal. Great time killer. Cool that you can customize the cards with your own photo.
B006INDMEE|4.0|I think this movie was given horrible previews/trailers.  I had heard some conflicting explainations of what \\"The Debt\\" was about. Basically, 3 people are sent on a mission (spy kind of thing) to track down and kidnap a doctor who used to use people in Jewish concentration camps for gruesome medical experiments, torturing, and killing them. I really enjoyed the movie.
1612130607|4.0|Wow... I gobbled this up over the course of a weekend and had to try to slow myself down, so that I didn't gorge on it... I'd been waiting months for this to come out, the final part of the Fifty Shades trilogy. Part 2 ended on such a cliffhanger, I was on tenterhooks!<br /><br />Annnddd... while I loved it - Christian Grey is soooo addictive - I felt a little disappointed too. Partly that the trilogy has now finished, but partly because I didn't get the same intense rush from this book. The first two were so emotional, you jumped on a rollercoaster and couldn't get off until the ride ended. We saw Christian Grey in all his fifty shades of messed up. And loved him even more as he grew and developed.<br /><br />I think Fifty Shades Freed had too much happiness in it. True, there were little flashes of Angry Fifty or Sulky Fifty, but the first half was essentially Happy Ana and Happy Fifty settling down together to marital bliss. For me, it all got going at 73%. The emotions surged. The primal fear and anxiety ratcheted up another notch, and another... I couldn't put it down at that stage. And I think that was over too quickly. I would have loved that to be drawn out, for the reader to be teased for longer, for the pain and distress to be amplified even further. I felt a little cheated that EL James made it all better, so quickly. There were still a few reveals after that, but nothing to get too worked up over.<br /><br />Having said that, I LOVED the ending. The little snippets of Christian's POV have been delicious to read, to see inside his head, and I'm glad that FSF ended the way it did. 4 / 5.
B00068NVI4|5.0|This was an absolute mind blowing experience.  At clocking in at nearly 3 hours Yes leaves nothing off the table.  This concerts biggest strength was the fact that Yes chose to do 90 percent of the music from thier golden 70s era.  These old duffers play and sing thier hearts out.  They are genuinly having a great time and it shows.  They perform in a Roger Dean inspired setting adding to the awesome mood of their greatest songs.  Obvious highlights are the extended jam of South Side Of The Sky, Howes guitar solo on Yours Is No Disgrace, and the pummeling workout on the epic track Starship Trooper. If you are a Yes fan do not hesitate to pick up this outstanding concert.
B001DPC4TG|3.0|The reviews for this album that call it Van Halen's best work is at best an insult to the artist. This was the \\"introduction\\" of a fiery new guitar player into the scene who in time matured into a \\"musician\\" and changed it. It is late-70s rock turned up to 11. Blues-tinged riffs are played with never-before-heard intensity; but the songs themselves are not life-changing. Eddie's dryly-distorted guitar sound  tears through the recording floor, with lots of echo. Dave is making up for his lack of upper register with his Indian war cries. It wasn't until the fourth album until Eddie really began unleashing his creative genius. From Fair Warning up until For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge Van Halen's progressive musical journey truly transformed the notions of what a rock'n'roll band could achieve artistically. Yet, there are \\"classic\\" rock fans out there who are stuck in the late-70s. VH I, ad VH II are more consistent than, say, Diver Down or OU812. But even these relatively-weaker albums showed an overall progression over their predecessors. That's what made Van Halen a special creative force in the music business: people anticipated innovation to come from Van Halen, not AC-DC-like repetition. At the end of the day, arguing that 1978's Running with the Devil was superior to 1991's Poundcake is really an insult to the genius that is Eddie Van Halen. Even the much-lamented 1990s-style Van Halen produced little sparks of innovation here and there (perhaps the verse of amsterdam and the chorus of Me Wise Magic)--but so weak they fizzled out and that was the end of the story.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|I love this game. Sad thing is that it freezes on my galaxy nexus. works fine on my older android phones. I guess the app is having issues running on ice cream sandwich. Please fix so I can waste time playing this great game on my nexus!
B0051GOB26|5.0|Fantastic movie for movie nerds. As far as the extra content, it isn't mind blowing, but if you have never owned a copy of this movie or looking for it on BR, it is a must have. Five Stars for the movie itself, three for the extra content.
B005MYEQ4U|1.0|Unimaginative and dull. Only the lead-in photos of Paris capture a portion of the city's excitement and beauty.  The film story is completely contrived. The actors seem to be sleep-walking, disconnected. The execution lacks even a centime of creative spark. The movie is devoid of anything new, exciting or even interesting. A complete waste of time.
B003PX85GK|5.0|This is a great album. Cease to Begin is still my favorite of theirs, but a much anticipated album nonetheless. A must-have for any BoH fan!!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I like the overall Bible app...but for some reason the reminder on my daily plan doesn't remind me anymore even thought the box is checked
B0063IH60K|5.0|If you love solitaire, this app is for you.  Once you start, you will be hooked.  Easy to use, it provides hours of fun.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love it! does what youd want a bible app to do. I bring it to church with me. hi.
B005MYEPXC|5.0|I had love this movie when it came out ion france so I was waiting for this dvd zone 1 to give it to my daughter living in  the USa
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its ok not the best but ok bu the games are hard and you cant really under stand them so.... buy it or not I'm just trying to get points
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is very fun and has a lot to offer however most of the games are difficult but you get the hang of it after a while.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|awesome game get it better the full version ggh ghh ggh ghh ggh ghh ghh ghh ghh ghh ghh ghh
1451648537|5.0|Having just finished reading the book, I must admit that I was moved to tears. Steve Jobs was truly an amazing and complex man who, against considerable odds, was/is a major game changer - if not the game changer - in how we use/integrate computers into our lives. His story, warts and all, details the complexities and brilliantness of this amazing businessman. His ability to intersect the worlds of business, computers and the arts, integrating all three fully into his products is absolutely amazing. As a retired CEO I can truly appreciate his insightfulness, his ability to bend people to his will (usually correct) and, most importantly, his ability to create products that we never knew we wanted and now cannot live without. The difficult aspects of his personality notwithstanding, I am in awe of this man and his accomplishments. He truly will be remembered as one of the most transformative people of our lifetime (and my grandchildren's) and he will be missed.  With respect to Mr. Isaacson's work, I consider the book to be one of the best biographies I have ever written - and cannot for the life of me remember what is number 2. The book captures the essence of Jobs, his accomplishments, his foibles,  his mean streak and, most importantly, his genius. This book should, IMHO, be required reading for any student considering a career in business as it identifies the thing that is most important for success and is not taught in school - the ability to focus coupled with the ability to make things happen, all with a positive outcome.  Thanks for a truly great read.  PS. By way of Job's impact on my life, I am writing this review on a MacBook Pro, wirelessly connected to a Time Capsule, listening to music over my speakers via an Airport Express connecting my stereo to ITunes on my laptop, with an IPod and IPhone sitting in a charger next to my chair (my wife's IPhone is in the kitchen charger). Who knew, or could envision, such a thing - I guess Jobs did!
B001P9EQH8|2.0|Bought this to put a bit more power to my newly acquired sennheiser headphones. worked great the first few times of use, then all of a sudden no sound would come from it. charged it for almost two hours figuring the battery might be dead, still nothing. I've tried different cables, different headphones, battery powered speakers, nothing works (of course all of these DID work when plugged directly into my iphone or ipod). the light does come on on the amp, but there just isn't any sound coming through!!! waste of money, would not recommend for quality reasons. I'll try and see if I can get a replacement, but doubt I'll be able to since I tossed the box it came in.<br /><br />Edit: I contacted amazon, and since they only fulfill this order and not actually sell it, they are having me send it back in for a refund since they can't replace it. Great customer service!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great game it is very adicting I just wish it was easyer to get points overall it is an amazing game  the different games on it are fun
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Love this app! Love the reading plans and being able.to.choose any version of the Bible without all the expense. Would recommend to everyone!
B00005JKGK|5.0|This movie, which was based on Amy Tan's novel of the same name, is a great adaptation - you always have to worry about the quality of the characters and settings whenever they make a book into a movie, but this one wasn't a disappointment.  I won't tell you the plot of the movie, you can Wikipedia it if you really want to find out.  There are slight differences from the movie and the novel though, but not significant enough to affect the movie.<br /><br />It is mostly in English, with the exception of the mothers' childhoods in Mandarian Chinese (but of course, the movie has subtitles for those scenes).  This is a great movie for anyone who enjoyed Amy Tan's book, or for someone looking for mother-daughter movies, or for Chinese culture (if you enjoyed other Chinese family movies like The Wedding Banquet and Eat Drink Man Woman, you will love this movie too).<br /><br />It's a single disc.  There wasn't a lot of other qualities other than the movie itself.  Came within a week with Free Super Saving Shipping.  Arrived new, nothing was damaged during shipping, and disc was not scratched and worked fine.
0071752854|5.0|A quick read, concise and clear, \\"Pitch Anything\\" gives us much-needed  insight into the way minds of other people experience how you present  your ideas, your business deals or yourself. Oren Klaff obviously has  led a dual life: investment banker by day, and cognitive researcher by  night. He has given us the gift of 10,000 hours of his research about  what works, and what doesn't, when presenting any kind of business  deal. His knowledge of social psychology enables him to distill the  essence from over $400M of business deals and share with us exactly  what is going on inside the heart and mind of a business deal. For  instance, when Klaff enters the lions den of a $1Billion dollar pitch,  he shows what his opponent did wrong, and how he won the business.  These methods, which he describes as S.T.R.O.N.G. can predict with  great accuracy whether or you will succeed with a presentation or  business deal, even though you are unaware of the problems you are up  against. Learning to recognize frames, and the effect of status in  these situations is at the core of this book. Klaff calls this Frame  Control and he says, \\"... this may be the most important thing you ever  learn.\\" I agree. This is particularly important to entrepreneurs or  anyone needed to raise money or sell a business deal, and Klaff  emphasizes that this skill must be trained into you in stressful real  world conditions. He gives you the step by step skills that are  missing in so many other \\"methods\\" so you can enter the real world  with Frame Control (framing and reframing the perspectives of others  in order to have the dominate perspective in the room.) Klaff provides  an excellent overview of Frames and frame control on his blog, I  recommend looking at this material as well.  In summary,\\"Pitch  Anything\\" gives you a repeatable method to pitch and close deals, and  make presentations that bring people into your \\"frame\\", raise your  status and make you the \\"Prize.\\" I recommend chapter 2 for anyone who  has trouble getting, holding and using the attention in a room. This  book covers many areas of important social science, and explains them  in easy flowing narrative. If your competitors have this book and you  don't, then I worry for your continued existence.
0060194995|5.0|This is a great book - if you've already read it, then you know it and just want to know about the product itself; if you haven't read it, I am not going to write a summary of the book like other reviewers do (you can read their reviews for that, or Wikipedia it to find out the plot).<br /><br />The book is hardcover with a dust jacket cover (as shown).  The dust jacket is made of glossy photo quality, heavy-duty cardstock paper, with the printing embossed; the actual cover itself is just a plain fabric cover.  The book is about the size of a DVD case.  The font is a good normal size, I would say the text is about the same size as this review.  Book is made of thread binding, so it's sturdy.<br /><br />Came within a week with Free Super Saving Shipping.  Book arrived brand new, nothing was damaged during shipping.
B004EPYZSU|3.0|I had very high hopes for this movie and wanted to like it more than I did.  Daniel Craig was excellent, but the silly son of Harrison Ford made it seem like a scene from Back to the Future III.  Could have been so much better.  But still worth watching and better than most movies out right now.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Like I said in the in the title.I prefer this app for my weather info. I personally like the format and the information is accurate, but again I live in Phoenix,Arizona. Guessing the weather here is not too hard.The seasons here are like craving pie.When they come they are finished too fast,and your left wanting more.
B006Z1XY7E|4.0|Gotye (pronounced: go-ti-yay) is the stage moniker of Belgium-born Wally de Backer, who moved to Australia at a young age and it is there that he built his musical career. Gotye has been at it for a number of years as part of the Aussie band the Basics but also issuing several solo albums: in 2003 there was \\"Boardface\\" and in 2006 \\"Like Drawing Blood\\" (remixed the next year as \\"Mixed Blood\\"). Now after a 5 year absence comes the new album. If you're not familiar with the sound of Gotye, the best comparison I can think of would be a strangely appealing mix of Beck, George Michael and Seal, if you can believe that.<br /><br />\\"Making Mirrors\\" (originally released in August, 2011; 12 tracks; 42 min.) starts off with the 1 min. appetizer that is the title track, only then then dive into \\"Easy Way Out\\". The third track is \\"Somebody That I Used to Know\\", a duet with New Zealand singer Kimbra, and the single that has propelled this album out of obscurity last year into a megahit in Australia and Europe (check out also the video of this song, not to be missed!). \\"Smoke and Mirrors\\" is an irresitable stomper. \\"I Feel Better\\" sounds like Motown-revisted. \\"Don't Worry, We'll Be Watching You\\" is a reggae tune. The musical flavors are all over on this album, and as a result this is a very diverse-sounding and immensly enjoyable Gotye album.<br /><br />This album was released outside the US last August. I picked up the physical CD on a recent home visit to Belgium, where the album remains a top seller 5 months after its release. While the album has been available as an import here on Amazon, the album is finally getting a proper release in the US in early 2012. It's not too late to jump on the Gotye band wagon! His upcoming US tour is already sold out in most venues. Meanwhile \\"Making Mirrors\\" is highly recommended!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I bought this for my husband for Christmas as he had not read all of the books or seen all of the movies. Over the course of the Christmas holiday break we watched the entire saga from start to finish. It was the best watching all of the characters grow and mature as well as watching the amazing tale unfold. Very pleased with my decision to purchase this.
B006OB3K56|4.0|\\"Shame\\" (101 min.) has become notorious for its subject matter and for its franks portrayal of that subject matter. Michael Fassbender stars as the sex addict who, despite his many partners, is unable to build a meaningful relationship. Michael's world is turned upside down by the unexpected visit from his sister Sissy, played by Carey Mulligan, who has nowhere else to stay and basically movies in, uninvited, in her brother's apartment. As the Fassbender character readjusts his life reluctantly, the one thing that sticks out is the utter loneliness of this man. Even when his sister begs him to open up a bit, he cannot.<br /><br />As the movie carries on, the storyline becomes somewhat preditable (reason for my overall rating of 3.5 stars), including the very obvious ending of the movie, but by then you simply marvel at the acting performances given by the lead actors. Fassbender has simpluy had a break-out year in 2011 with X-Men: First Class, A Dangerous Method, and now this (and already another movie \\"Haywire\\" out in the theatres). But for me the performance by Carey Mulligan was the true eye-opener, at a level only hinted at in her break-out movie \\"An Education\\" 2 years ago. She will be a screen talent for many more years to enjoy.<br /><br />One final note about the movie: director Steve McQueen frequently during the movie has the good sense of letting a scene unfold without having to change the camera angle or doing other unnecessary edits. Instead things just happen and we get to witness it. This may be challenging for some viewers in today's short-attention span society, but for me this is a welcome restraint of the dizzying ediiting that so many directors seem to insist on.
B004SD5GZ4|3.0|although it works ok, a key thing its missing is it doesn't remember where you left off after reopening a Pdf. this is annoying especially if you are viewing/reading a large pdf. You also cannot bookmarks pages.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a very good game. i like it very much. there are so many games to choose from it nice
B0058VW36U|5.0|i LOVE this GAME!!! It is soomuch fun...the little monster thing is sooo cute!!!:)  if u don't have this game already get it RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!:)
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun and entertaining if you don't like the ads turn wifi off other than that its challenging and time consuming but fun
B0054JZC6E|5.0|My kids really enjoy it. They spend all their time trying new games and earning points. One of the best free games yet.
0446547654|2.0|I have read and enjoyed all of Nicholas Sparks' books, until The Bet of Me.  Although I'm used to Sparks' \\"happily ever after\\" endings (and prefer those -- that's why I read his books!), I know they don't all end well.  But this book was trite and predictable.  It was also just plain stupid.  Why would an intelligent woman stay with a drunk for a decade?  Was she trying to set a good example for her children (stay with a complete loser who as a drunk would've been a miserable parent and spouse)?  Sparks did an excellent job of playing up the redneck cousins. But the ending! I figured out the ending 30 pages before the end of the book, which made it torture to finish.  Nicholas Sparks has written many excellent books.  Let's hope he gets back in his groove and returns to his previous style.
B005J29HCQ|4.0|Originally, I said that I was disappointed because the \\"official\\" (that is, non-bootleg) version of the album on this set didn't live up to the hype. (When I talk about \\"this version of the album,\\" I'm referring to tracks 1-19 of the first CD. The rest of the tracks on that CD are described as \\"bonus tracks,\\" and the tracks on CD 2 are, I'm assuming, also \\"bonus tracks.\\") I must admit that it was unfair of me to compare it to the hype, as I didn't allow that the hype was about what SMiLE might have been HAD IT BEEN COMPLETED. I should have judged this version based solely on what it is (which still isn't really a true \\"album\\"), which is what I'm going to do with this edited review (although my four-star rating still stands).  Like the bootleg versions of SMiLE, it requires you to use your imagination to figure out how SMiLE might have been in its \\"finished\\" form. The problem with this is that it (like the bootlegs) leaves TOO much to the imagination, or at least to mine.  Probably the MOST positive things I can say about this set --- about the SMiLE \\"album\\" that is presented here --- are that it is MILES better than Smiley Smile (the rather shoddy album that was \\"substituted\\" for SMiLE back in '67 when SMiLE was cancelled), and it has great sound quality --- much better than the bootleg versions of SMiLE (or than the ones I've heard, anyway --- and they are mostly in stereo whereas this set is mostly in mono!).  I understand that from the very beginning, SMiLE was intended to be an album \\"designed to combine the divine and the dumb.\\" While the unfinished \\"album\\" that we have here certainly does that --- it definitely is often weird and at times beautiful --- it seems, to me, to work better in some places than in others.  On a few of the tracks, especially \\"Heroes And Villains\\" (which, by the way, is not exactly the same as the \\"originally released\\" version), some of  the \\"sections\\" that make up the tracks don't seem (at least not to me) to fit very well together. (The originally released version of \\"Heroes\\" works better.)  And, while this set is, like I said before, much better than the bootleg SMiLE albums in terms of sound quality, the contents of this \\"legit\\" version of the album are, except for the mono mixes, really pretty much like what you'd find on the bootlegs (or, again, the ones I've heard).  I had hoped that, even if this version of the album contained the same songs, the versions of the songs would be more different (but not inferior!) than most of them are, not just instrumentally but also lyrically. The bootlegs have some great and sometimes beautiful vocals, and so does this version, but all of them are overall rather short on actual lyrics. I had hoped that there would be more lyrics on this version.  The \\"bonus\\" material on the set is in my opinion largely dispensable and consists too heavily of long \\"session\\" tracks, which I'm not really into.  I do like SOME of the bonus stuff here, but if the other 3 CDs in the SMiLE box set are made up of more stuff like this, I don't think I'm interested that set; I'm certainly not interested enough to shell out $100+ for it.   I give the 2-CD set four stars, mostly because it is so much better than Smiley Smile and has so much better sound than the SMiLE bootlegs (that I've heard, anyway), but if you've heard the bootlegs, this \\"official\\" version's great (even though mono) sound is probably almost the only thing about it that is really terribly different.
1439102724|4.0|This book definitely brought out a lot of emotion in me. I started going to church on my own when I was in middle school. I was very involved in the youth group in my church, I even babysat for the pastor. I wanted to graduate high school and help minister to children, and then I realized I was gay. I felt \\"conviction\\" to come to my Pastor's wife and tell her what I had been feeling, and doing. That's when my dreams came crashing down. I wasn't allowed to be a part of the children's ministry or the youth ministry, and I had to see the head Pastor's wife for counseling. That lady was intimidating enough without being looked at as a sinner. I eventually left that church and went to another one, where I didn't disclose my sexuality. I'm in the military now and don't go to church unless I'm home with my family.  I say all that to say that this book definitely made me sad, angry, happy and a whirlwind of other emotions. I saw that Jodi Picoult acknowledged a member of Focus on the Family for helping with the book and I got nervous, I thought I'd made a mistake buying this book. But I'd seen a lot of praise for this book exposing the difficulties the LGBT families go through, so I read. And I read. I couldn't put this book down. Even when I slept, I dreamed about this story. Other than DADT (which is finally gone and hopefully DOMA will be too), I haven't been discriminated against for my sexuality since the church slammed the closet door in my face when I tried to come out as a teenager, but I do get scared of what my life will seem like if I try to have a family. My gf thinks about how it might be if we try to have children. How it's going to affect the kid(s) if they're teased at school, how much trouble we might go through just to have a kid, how we might be the subjected to anti-gay hatred. But I've always been hopeful. I'm lucky I live in California, and not my home state of Texas. But I realize we still have so far to go.  I am so thankful Jodi Picoult wrote this book. I saw a review that one person went from being anti-gay to tolerant and then read this book and now they realize what LGBTs through to try to have a family. I thought we were past a lot of these issues until I started watching the Republican debates and realized that a lot of them really don't want to see gays succeed. I hope this book opens many more eyes to see that all we want is the American dream, just like anyone else.  Oh, and what's up with the 4-stars? Well, I didn't like the ending that much. BUT, that's just me. Read it. You'll be glad you did, I sure am.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun games to pass the time! everyone can play these games. it's fun to unlock new levels and have so many Minnie games to pick from!
B0063GORYU|5.0|enjoy playing this game.....when it's slow at work I can pull up this game and take a few minutes off my day. if you haven't tried it.....try it...
B0063IH60K|5.0|It's the same as any solitaire  game, it's just cooler because  it's on a cool device... the sweet Kindle Fire.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I really enjoy this game for my kindle fire - It relieve some of the stress of my day - its fun play!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Great movie set and awesome price for the set of HP, The case is not all that good but over all the whole collection for the price is not bad at all.
0385534639|5.0|this is a beautifully crafted story. i am a very picky reader and i was enchanted on every page. if you enjoy writers like neil gaiman and robin mckinley, you will love this book.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|This was the best purchase I have made since 1994.  Adele, you owned your audience. I am from South Africa and I ordered this dvd set from the USA via Germany to South Africa, and it cost 3 times more than the initial purchase price - but it was worth every effort and every penny.  You had us in tears, and moments thereafter, we were all laughing.  You set a new international standard not only with your music, but with your mind-blowing stage personality. It felt like knowing you personally.  I will get a plane ticket and head down to the uk or even the US later this year, to see you live.  Gosh - this is the best purchase I have ever made.  Brilliant. Fantastic. Wonderful.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I cannot believe this app is FREE. Love the many different devotions linked to scripture. The calendar and reminder are great tools.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good but stiff controls may need some help with the game other than thy its good it needs some more levels and some are hard
B001OQCV2O|1.0|Amazon is selling an out dated version of the Blu-Ray/DVD combo (Digital Copy PC/MAC/PSP Version) of this movie so it is not worth the extra money. Get the regular Blu-Ray (Single Disk) version instead.  The Digital Copy codes expired on 3/02/11 and is worthless. I just bought this and saw that it was a Digital Copy version so I was excited about adding the D.C. to my new Tablet (part of the reason I bought this version).  So now I have the 3 disk set and can only use 1 of the 3 disks...
B0066W1AZK|5.0|great app can play different levels User friendly and u actually have a chance of winning. you can choose the Color u want to play and take back moves.
B004WGGQPQ|4.0|Very happy with this app. I am a doodler and this app is as close to perfect as I have found.
B004GYY714|5.0|This is one of the Best Apps for my Kindle Fire.  You can stream your local radio stations, or from all over!  Truly remarkable and best of al it's Free, ads barely noticeable.  A must have if you love music, get it!
B006NXIO0Q|1.0|I shouldn't even waste a couple of minutes of my time reviewing this movie. It was nothing more than an extended photo op for Zoe Saldana. While she's beautiful and worth the look, the movie is worth-less. I'm an action movie fan but this one really was disappointing. Don't waste your money renting it.
0123694965|5.0|The book is very good. It covers a lot of content, being a great source for people who want to learn about game design but doesn't know where to start. A lot of the content may also be used on others areas like project management and product design in general
B003XRELGQ|3.0|This book was easy to read - nice short chapters captured ideas.  The beginning was full of funny episodes.  As the book progressed, it grew darker.  It left you with a sense that all is futile.  While the book was well written, it was almost as if there were two separate books, the beginning and the end.  I wish it was all like the beginning.  Such is life.
B003Y5H51K|2.0|Yup -- the women panic and die, the \\"men\\" behave like spoiled brats with Daddy issues -- HEY IDIOTS get OUT of the cave first and then go to family therapy. As my husband said, \\" the guy with the bone in his nose is the smart one\\" (meant as a compliment because the Aborigine was OUTside of the cave watching the sky and knew better than to be anywhere near that cave). Plus he wouldn;t waste time watching this movie so he;s smarter than all of us here! The scenes from the inside of the cave are majestic - Cameron knows how to make nature even more awesome than it is by itself but he can't direct real dialogue worth a darn. Maybe he can blame the(other) writers but this is often a weakness in his movies -- he requires a macho/military/taskmaster type for the other characters to play off of-- it can work but not if they are spouting stupid-isms like the 2 Alpha males in this movie. Being mercy-drowned was apparently the only way out of this cliche loaded mess. Some good action scenes and the cave/water was quite interesting. All for naught once the dudes started talking to each other. I mean yelling at each other. About 1/2 way through I started to read our daily newspaper so I could at least justify the time spent watching this movie. Sanctum, schmanctum - Hokum-blokum.
B005CWRB44|1.0|Nice little light, except for one thing. Unit must be activated by unscrewing case with both hands. Also, intensity is changed by unscrewing it twice in a row in two seconds.  Not very useful. Needs an on/off switch. Feel like I've been defrauded to receive a flashlight with no switch. If this set up is waterproof, I'll eat it.
1439153663|5.0|This is a fantastic novel. It is the authors first novel but it is great read. It gives yoiu two perspectives of plantation. You will not expect the ending.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I like this app. The various games offer hours of enjoyment. The first time I played, I was engrossed for hours.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|...this app keeps &quot;force closing&quot;. I have tried five times to access it (after I created an account and verified the link) yet it keeps crashing as soon as I log in. I was really looking forward to this app!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|The games are not too bad. But it seems to take too long to open them for what I am looking for in a mini game.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is perfect for on the go or at home! Easy to read in anylight. Features all the materials I need in one.
B004TPXVKS|5.0|This 40th Anniversary Edition sounds great. The original mix is there, plus a new stereo mix by Porcupine Tree's Steven Wilson. But for me, the highlight is Wilson's subtle instrumental placement in the 5.1 DD surround mix which, BTW, will play on any DVD player (no DVD-A player required). The instruments have much more space around them, opening up the band before your ears and eyes.  This version of Caravan's best-loved album is packed with extras. The additional songs and early versions are a must for fans of the original album. The video selections are entertaining and the booklet has some interesting insights. However, the text in the booklet seems to have been poorly edited in that several redundant passages give the impression that both an early draft and a revised version of the new \\"liner notes\\" were inadvertently combined.  One other caveat, Amazon's price seemed quite high compared to what this version is offered for on other sites. Shop smartly.  No matter. If you've always loved this LP as I have, pay whatever you must. It's the best sounding, most enveloping \\"Grey and Pink\\" ever.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this game is fun with many hours of play. some of the games are more difficult than others which is kind of frustrating.
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|We rented this for a dollar at the Red Box, I feel ripped off.  This was such a horrible movie.  Watch the first one, forget about part two.
0060873027|1.0|In retrospect I should have predicted (or at least suspected) the premise of this novel, the last from Michael Crichton, based on its title. If I had it would certainly have raised a quizzical eyebrow, since it's a premise which has been well-used in the past and requires a huge suspension of disbelief on the part of readers.  AS other reviewers have noted, unfortunately it's all too easy to judge which sections are written by Crichton and which are from the quill of Richard Preston. The first quarter of the novel had me intrigued with the setup and possibilities that may be explored, but after this much of the remainder of the novel is essentially an adventure story reminiscent of a kids comic book.  A considerable amount of research has clearly been done on the natural environment, insects and fauna, but the novelty of how the characters experience and interact with this micro world wore thin on me very quickly. In sections it felt rather like reading a dry university textbook.  The biggest flaw of the novel is the characterisation though. Other reviewers have commented on how one-dimensional they are, and I'd go further as to say they're also inconsietent within the story. The way they're outlined in earlier scenes differs markedly from some of their behaviour not long after, for example Rick's sudden and inexplicable love for Karen and Danny's making of feeble jokes. This isn't character development based upon their shared experiences, it's just poor and inconsistent writing.  I have read all of Michael Crichton's works and own most of them; in my opinion this is his worst (just slightly behind Next). Unfortunately his output has really been on the wane over the last decade and this is a disappointing coda to the career of one of our most inventive and inspiring authors.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is pretty fun the only bad part is the games cost money so it takes a while to get the games
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|After seeing the movie today, and listening to the beautiful music throughout the movie, one can sure feel that \\"Old Hawaii calling me back\\"....... that's the thing that makes Hawaii so special.  1.The \\"SPIRIT\\" of the people 2. The LAND 3. The music.  I am ordering the soundtrack.  We have plenty of Hawaiian CD'S, but this will make a nice edition to our collection.  Mahalo.
B000I0RNV6|5.0|This gem of a story has worked its way into my heart, and i can honestly claim that it is my all-time favorite movie. It is a touching story of one man's love of cinema, traced from boyhood to adulthood. Ennio Morricone's deeply personal musical themes tie the movie together and are nothing short of masterpieces of expression and emotional clarity.
B005I6EVUG|4.0|This Kindle cover is very stylish yet durable and easy/compact to transport while traveling. Like the color and overall appearance.
B0062HG2KM|5.0|SOA is by far my favorite show these days. This episode, just like all the other Sons episodes, was great. Edge of your seat action and a wonderful storyline. Love, love, love this show!
B005K17RU0|5.0|Beats the weather channel any day! Graphics are great, and so are the videos. And the features are right on.
B0064YKWEA|5.0|This was another great episode of Sons, not that there are any bad ones! I love Amazon Instant video and that I could watch the episodes I missed. Sons of Anarchy is the best show out there these days. If you haven't seen this episode yet, I highly recommend it!
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|I found the first book in this series quite by chance.  And by the end of the second book I fell in love with both main characters.  I thought I would be disturbed by the sexual content in the book but they &#34;fit&#34; the persona of a broken Christian.  I only wish the story didn't have to end!
B005K17RU0|5.0|This is a fantastic app for my kindle fire. The weather updates for various cities are nice when traveling a lot and need to plan ahead for clothing attire.  love it!
B0059R5Q08|4.0|I was reading through the reviews before renting the movie and almost let them stop me from watching it.  I'm glad I watched it for myself. I enjoyed it very much. I have never read the book and I get the disappointment in films after reading books. They rarely capture all the details and nuances that the reader enjoys.  And cannot compete with the visions that readers draw in their minds. I have seen the musical and this movie made me crave the musical numbers from that soundtrack as I could see the lyrics in the songs come alive in this movie. I will read the book next.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Play on my kindle fire. Card movement is smooth. Sometimes you just need to relax while stimulating your brain a little. Enjoy winning when I do!
B00007GZQZ|5.0|I purchased this movie as a gift.  The recipient has been a big fan of it for many years and was very pleased to receive it.  Thank you for that.  Sincerely,  Patsy Keehn
B004UHF51S|4.0|Is in the ear/ mind of the listener - & our own choice. My \\"review\\" of an artist is my own opinion & since others don't know me-except as an \\"Amazon customer\\" among millions- ??? . The cd itself was fine.
B0063IH60K|4.0|One of my first downloads for my Kindle Fire. The graphics are amazing!!!  A great way to spend alone time. Thank you for a great game.
B003Y8YXH6|4.0|this record and CD is trully Amazing but because Im Angry they did not incl. \\" Walking on thin Ice \\" from the first CD Album Release I think its a letdown because Clearly I love the song but Im not an huge Yoko Ono fan......? Shame could have been a 5 Star recordings because Its brings back lots of Memorys...?  3.3.2012 Quick update I was wrong about \\"Walking on thin Ice\\" because the Song was added only with the second Release from the Original....? Great Sound and cool tracks from John Lennon but shame no Happy ending for him to see the Album/Cd become an very Sucessfull Comeback Record for him....? Hope Mark Chapmann will Stay in Jail till he Rotts....? A Danger for the Public if ever released from Jail...?
B001NY4X4G|5.0|Terrific movie.  Very well written script with excellent actors.  A big surprise ending!  My wife and I enjoyed it immensely.
0062101897|5.0|wow... this book is beyond my expectation.<br />My son, a 2nd grader, who's on book #4 already!, loves this XMas present.<br />He's keeping it on his desk in his bedroom.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Good fun and some challenging mini games! So far have found the games to challenging without being to very frustrating.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is really fun!! I love it. you can unlock games using points you earn. there are games like darts.
0440238609|5.0|Absolutely fantastic. I wish they would do all the movies of the series. The last book gives an incredible closing to the whole saga and the way they explain the need and history of religion is amazing. Loved the whole set.
B0058VW36U|4.0|fun. I think the little character is cute and funny. totally worth the money.you should get it if you like cutting ropes.  ;)
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have greatly in enjoy using this way of reading God's word and how easy it to use.  I would tell others that about it.
B000P0J0A6|5.0|This is a good movie. A must see movie for family night. It's not scary at all. I think Gizmo is the cutiest Gremlin. I wish he was real so I can have him as my own pet. I would like to also talk about Gremlins 2. That movie is a lot more fun to watch. The Gremlins have a lot of lines. They are funnnnnnnnyyyyyyy!!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. the devotionals are wonderful and I am able to read God's Word wherever I am at.
B0001FR3IQ|5.0|This is an exciting movie. I enjoy watching it. How crazy it is to be married to a man thinking he is a great person. But he has a secret life. A horrable secret life. Makes me question my husband life with out me around....lol.
B006PHD0RW|4.0|Ok this game is fun. I do recommend it... but it does get a little boring and hard. Well I play it a lot so I guess it is fun. Get it! Bag it!
B000MXPE7O|1.0|I tried watching this movie and I was lost. I also think that Angelina Joline wasn't made for that part. She was suppose to play the nice fragile sister of John. Because of her past movies it was hard for me to see her like that. She looked out of places.
B0063IH60K|1.0|this is the worst game I gave ever downloaded and I am deleting it this Game sucks balls it does
B000067FP8|5.0|Great movie.... Crazy funny.... I enjoy watching this movie because the Gremlins have a lot of lines. They don't just trash the place. The things those Gremlins say and do are funny and a total joy to watch!!!!
0525478817|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  I have not had the pleasure of reading John Green before, but after reading in many different forums about the anticipation surrounding this release, I decided to give it a try.  I did not put down my Kindle by choice until this book was finished.  I cried, of course, but it wasn't unexpected and it wasn't the sort of depressing book where I want to hide in a dark room after reading (read: Jodi Picoult).  I recommend this book for any age group, don't let the young adult part of the description turn you off.  I'm looking forward to reading Mr. Green's earlier books.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love playing card games and I love to win!  I probably lose more than I win but enough of a challenge to keep me playing.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun and time consuming. the games are really something u can sit around and play all day long. this is for the points though
0061906220|5.0|My son absolutely loves this book and the second Pete the Cat book about going to school. He says \\"Pete-Tat\\" before bed every night letting us know that he wants his Pete books read to him! It's a short, simple story line that teaches colors in a groovy way. I highly recommend this book! Even my 4 year old niece loves the book and she sounds so sweet when she sings the songs in the book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the kids love it...I love it. fun and challenging. Great when you want something to play without using a lot of brain power to do it and each game is different.
0385342055|5.0|My teenage daughter has many of the Sophie Kinsella books and has enjoyed them all! These books are entertaining and fun to read.
B000SOZXJG|2.0|The normally impeccable Roger Ebert said \\"The genius of the movie is the way is sidesteps all of the obvious cliches of the underlying story and makes itself fresh, observant, tough and genuinely moving.\\" He was not alone in extolling the virtues of this film. At Rottentomatoes, it currently maintains a 90% ripe rating. How did the critical community get this so wrong? Contrary to Ebert's claim, Whale Rider is brimming with cliches, is absent a single genuine observation, and is unable to provoke any real emotions. It is a very bad film.<br /><br />Whale Rider tells the story of Pai, a 12-year-old Maori girl whose lineage traces back to Paikea, the whale rider. According to Maori tradition, the male in this line of descendants is supposed to inherit leadership. However, Pai's twin brother died at birth, leaving only her. Koro, her grandfather, is the current leader and is adamant that she cannot lead the tribe, that the appropriate tradition must be followed, and that only a male may inherit the role of tribal leader. You can guess where this goes. Pai and Koro struggle. Fate is on her side; the film makes her future ascension clear, and the only mystery is when.<br /><br />Formulas are not always bad. Casablanca, for example, provides little in the way of surprise. But Whale Rider fails in two spectacular ways. First, it seems unaware of its utter predictability and mediocrity and strives for a tone and look of elevated art. Pretentious shots of whales and water are common, despite their utter vacuity. And second, Koro's character is so despicable that the struggle between tradition and modernity, between Pai and him, is emotionally anemic. We are supposed to understand Koro despite his obdurate adherence to tradition and sympathize with his position even if we disagree. But we don't. We simply despise him for being obstinate and unfeeling and wish that Pai would curse him and leave. Since this is the main thread of the story, its maladroit execution ruins the entire film. At the end, I was actually more sorry for Pai than I was during the rest of the film; however, I also resented her for her own stodgy adherence to tribal traditions (despite the \\"subversiveness\\" of a female leader). More than anything, however, I felt relieved that I had finally finished the film.<br /><br />I should note that there is one exceptional element to the film: the acting of Keisha Castle-Hughes. She is charming and amazing. Her performance, unfortunately, is wasted. Just as the stars are dimmed by the distracting lights of the city, so her performance is dimmed by the distracting spectacle of bad story telling.<br /><br />Final say: Critical opinion was very wrong about this film. It is a poorly executed and poorly written film. There are many superior versions of this story; stream one of those and leave Whale Rider alone., I was actually more sorry for Pai than I was during the rest of the film; however, I also resented her for her own stodgy adherence to tribal traditions (despite the \\"subversiveness\\" of a female leader). More than anything, however, I felt relieved that I had finally finished the film.   I should note that there is one exceptional element to the film: the acting of Keisha Castle-Hughes. She is charming and amazing. Her performance, unfortunately, is wasted. Just as the stars are dimmed by the distracting lights of the city, so her performance is dimmed by the distracting spectacle of bad story telling.   Final say: Critical opinion was very wrong about this film. It is a poorly executed and poorly written film. There are many superior versions of this story; stream one of those and leave Whale Rider alone.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I absolutely love the book 'the help' and i equally love the movie. I felt that the movie stayed true to the novel and I loved how the characters where acted. There is nothing I could really critique. I highly recommend this movie/book. Just a side point: I am from the South and I understand the dialect. However I live in Australia now and my Aussie friends had a hard time understanding the accent. So if you have a hard time understanding the southern accent, make sure to turn the volume up real good, because you don't want to miss a word that these beautiful ladies have to say.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Awesome game!!!! I can't stop playing!!!! Best game I've played on a phone in a long time!!!!! Would definitely buy this if it came out for other taming platforms(playstation, nintendo ds)!!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This Bible really seems to have the best interface and most versions I have used.  I would definitely recommend it.
0525478817|5.0|This book will make you laugh and it will make you cry. It will make you think about life in a whole new way. I can only speak for myself but it definitely stays with you long after you finish reading. And if you like this book then go buy his other book 'looking for alaska' it is just as well written.
B003KRGCTI|3.0|Let's get this part out of the way.  This movie was made for a conservative, fundamentalist Christian audience - the kind that can watch an hour-and-a-half story about a religious zealot trekking through a horrific hellscape while nonironically killing for his peaceful, loving god. If this had been a movie about Islam and The Holy Qu'ran, American audiences on both ends of the political spectrum would have rioted. But since it is about someone killing and, in one awful instance, allowing rape in the name of the Christian faith, it is an acceptable movie.  The setting and action are done very well. I felt like I was in a post-apocalyptic landscape throughout the entire movie. I'm not usually an action fan, and even though the movie overused the \\"one man against a gang of thugs\\" shtick, it's not a big deal since that's not what the movie is about. Women are portrayed as second-class citizens and toys, and that portrayal works. I have no illusions that, in a post-WWIII world, racists and misogynists with guns would have a field day.  The plot is really loose and it's here that one can see just how this movie was created. It's a Frankenstein's monster created piecemeal to cater to a religious and action movie loving audience that doesn't really care about plot. In short, they're catering to people that pat themselves on the back when they can see through the most transparent veneer of symbolism. If this was supposed to be a fun movie, I would forget about that part. But it pretends to be a modern-day allegory, not a simple, fun romp through the wasteland.  So, if you can stand being preached at by a movie that was made by a bunch of producers with moneybags in their eyes for a target audience of religious guys that make their wives watch boring action flicks, then give this one a shot.
B0042JIL2E|5.0|Great musicians with a great female voice, it will be hard to beat this, get the earlier album also! Imelda rules
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app is great to kill time. If your bored and need something to do then this is perfect for you.
0312641893|5.0|Holy amazing book, Batman. I absolutely loved Cinder. It's a science-fictiony retooling of Cinderella, complete with a downtrodden cyborg, a terrible plague, a handsome prince, and an evil queen from the Moon.<br /><br />I mean, how could this story not be awesome with a description like that?<br /><br />The best fairy tale retellings are the ones that take the heart of the old story and mold it into something entirely new and exciting. You can see obvious threads of Cinderella in Cinder's story, but Meyer has woven those threads into a much larger, socially-aware tapestry than the usual \\"poor girl falls in love with prince\\" retelling. Cinder deals with social prejudice, racism, classism, totalitarian threats, and the fear of epidemic, a rich backdrop for the story of a girl who is just trying to get along in the face of her adoptive mother's near-irrational hatred of her.<br /><br />Cinder is a very likable character. She's pragmatic and intelligent, and unlike the original Cinderella, who meekly did what she was told, Cinder gets angry at the injustices thrust upon her, and she's not afraid to let people know. Her snarky retorts to her adoptive mother and older sister had me doing internal fist pumps. Cinder knows she has to do all of the menial crap her family dumps in her lap, but she's not going to let them think that she's doing it happily.<br /><br />I also like her strong devotion to doing what she thinks is the right thing. After finding out some very shocking news about herself and her history, she could have easily just melted into anonymity, escaping New Beijing and starting a new life elsewhere. Her sense of morality prevents her from abandoning the people who, even though they are unaware of it, depend on her to do the right thing. Way to go, Cinder.<br /><br />I liked the supporting cast of characters, too, and it was especially nice that none of them really felt like stock characters. Her adoptive family, despite their pretensions and prejudices, all had something that you could sympathize with. Dr Erland is nicely complicated; I could never quite figure out his motives, and I'm still not sure if I trust those motives even after he explains them. Prince Kai is kinda perfect-he's my kind of dreamy YA love interest-but at the same time, he has a very realistic reluctance to take over rule of his father's empire. He's gorgeous and charming, but he also has very human fears and anxieties.<br /><br />The story itself is very exciting. It dug in its claws pretty much on the first page, and I was hooked the rest of the way through. There are occasional moments in the prose that are a bit stilted or unclear, but it didn't get in the way of my enjoying the story. There is some predictability and heavy-handed foreshadowing, but for me, the intriguing setting and entertaining story overrode any complaints I would have had. My only real complaint is that it ends on one heck of a cliffhanger, and I'm a very impatient reader. I want book 2 now!<br /><br />(4 1/2 stars)<br /><br />(Originally published at The Discriminating Fangirl)Erland is nicely complicated; I could never quite figure out his motives, and I'm still not sure if I trust those motives even after he explains them. Prince Kai is kinda perfect-he's my kind of dreamy YA love interest-but at the same time, he has a very realistic reluctance to take over rule of his father's empire. He's gorgeous and charming, but he also has very human fears and anxieties.  The story itself is very exciting. It dug in its claws pretty much on the first page, and I was hooked the rest of the way through. There are occasional moments in the prose that are a bit stilted or unclear, but it didn't get in the way of my enjoying the story. There is some predictability and heavy-handed foreshadowing, but for me, the intriguing setting and entertaining story overrode any complaints I would have had. My only real complaint is that it ends on one heck of a cliffhanger, and I'm a very impatient reader. I want book 2 now!  (4 1/2 stars)  (Originally published at The Discriminating Fangirl)
B005V1WZ10|3.0|I liked this album, i thought it was pretty good but i prefer korn without all the other featured bands. It would have been much better if korn would have just made all the songs themselves. I would say if your a Korn fan its worth a listen and see what you think but for me it wasn't as good as previous albums. But i may not have liked it as much since I don't much care for Dubstep. Im also a fan of Korns older stuff.
0525478817|5.0|John did it again. He always seems to find the way to describe things that I've always wanted to but have never been capable of. The Fault in Our Stars played a game of hacky sack with my heart, but I'm grateful I read it. (Hopefully soon to read it again). Thank you for this novel, John, it's a real gift.
B006MGDVFM|5.0|If you are a race fan and passionate about the sport, you will feel the passion of Senna in this movie.  It is a wonderful editing job to take actual race footage and interview clips and allow this passion to come forth ... not to mention just some wonderful race footage.
1451648537|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I love the fact that Walter was able to write a no holds barred book.  Yeah, we already knew Steve was a jerk, but the creative genius part is fascinating.  And I adore Apple products and getting the inside scoop and all the details on how the various products were created.  This book is also written in small snippets so it's easy to pick up and put down.
B0064T6LV8|5.0|this game is amazing on my kindle fire it works really well u should get it if u don't already have it
B0063IH60K|5.0|Nothing fancy, easy to play on cell. Fun time waster. This one is a keeper. Auto moves for you allowing you to easily play one handed.
B005OK725M|5.0|Really great action movie. Zoe Saldana definitely has the chops to be an action star. There needs to be more female led action movies like this one
B000BMYWYC|5.0|This is the best cement I used so far. Buying liquid cement is hard because where I live so I shopped around for the standard liquid cement I always used for years. Then I decided to try Tamiya cement. It's a little more expensive than the product I used before but I decided to give it a try. I'm happy to write that I am not disapointed.<br /><br />It comes in a relatively large jar and it has a very, very, fine high quality applicator brush. The liquid itself is acetone and another ingredient common to all liquid plastic cements but the brush is what make me like Tamiya cement. I was able to control the application of the cement with great precision as if I was using my hobby knife to cut parts of the sprue of my model kits. Just a little liquid from Tamiya's cement goes a long way. I built my model with this cement and I am very happy with the results.
B0063GORYU|5.0|works well on my Samsung fascinate. addictive. occasionally sends me to an internet ad,  but it is a free game...
B006PKQQJS|1.0|keeps saying installation error try again..... it sure had no problem taking my money!!!!! highly annoyed.......want a refund, app is no good it seems
B0063IH60K|4.0|This is a solid game though I only use the Klondike. Tried some of the others but liked the way they played on others better.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|First, a historical note for the younger readers. Mono is not just something you get sick with. Mono, which is verbal shorthand for \\"monaural,\\" is the way us old fuddy-duddies used to listen to music. It means there's only one speaker* and everything is on one channel. Many of you younger folks may say, \\"That's crazy!\\" I actually had someone say that to me recently. Well, hey, when I was growing up, that was all we had, and we were *happy*!<br /><br />Although stereo was introduced in the early 1960s, it was considered very elitist and esoteric for many years, so that mono continued to be the standard for popular music. Which means that mono was the standard way of listening to the Beatles throughout the better part of their career. Because the Beatles knew this, they were much more concerned about the mono mixes of their songs than the stereo mixes. Yes, they actually made separate mixes for mono, rather than simply dumping the stereo mixes onto one track. This means that, in most cases, the mono versions of the Beatles' songs are the definitive versions. And that's what you get in this boxed set.<br /><br />What you get is as follows:<br /><br />* The mono versions of all the original U.K. albums from Please Please Me through the White Album. (All albums after that were never released in mono, and so are omitted.)<br />* The mono version of the U.S. Magical Mystery tour album.<br />* The original 1965 stereo mixes of Help! and Rubber Soul, both of which are on the same physical CDs as the mono versions. (See explanation following this listing.)<br />* Two CDs of \\"Mono master\\" - the mono mixes of songs that were never included on a true mono album.<br />* A booklet providing useful information about the music. The booklet includes background information, listings of the more significant mono/stereo differences in various album tracks, and a track-by-track discussion of the Mono Masters CDs.<br /><br />The original 1965 stereo mixes of Help! and Rubber Soul are included here because they aren't the ones on the stereo CD releases. As explained in the booklet, the original stereo mixes of these albums were not overseen by George Martin, and so he made new mixes for the stereo CD releases. Now you can have the original stereo mixes as well and decide which you like better.<br /><br />The packaging has its pros and cons.  Ease of access has been compromised in the interest of artistry and economy of space. Everything is in a square box, not that much higher and wider than a CD jewelry case, so this should fit on a shelf quite nicely alongside your other CDs. Each album CD is in an outer sleeve that's a mini replica of the original album. Albums that had inserts have those inserts reproduced in miniature. For example, The White Album includes miniature versions of the four photographs and the poster. Each CD in then in an inner sleeve, and a paper inner sleeve is also included that replicates the original album inner sleeve. Each CD is then enclosed in a clear plastic envelope, analogous to the ones used to protect comic books. This arrangement is very nice from an artistic standpoint, and is much less bulky than jewelry cases would have been, but it's a bit of a chore to get each CD out and put it away. Each album CD also has a label that replicates the original album label. My only complaint here is with the two CDs that include both the mono and stereo mixes of the album. The tracks are only listed once on the label, so if you want to skip right to the stereo mix of a given song, you have to consult the booklet for the track number (or do some arithmetic).<br /><br />Okay, now let me give you some of my strongest impressions about the mono/stereo differences between certain songs. Some of these are also mentioned in the booklet, and some of these are purely my own observations.<br /><br />In general, I think the earlier albums work much better in mono, because the stereo mixes have always sounded very weird and unnatural to me,with instruments isolated on one channel and voice isolated on the other. This would have been back in the earliest days of stereo, and as so often happens with any new technology, people got caught up in overusing it.<br /><br />Moving ahead to Revolver, I noticed some guitar riffs on \\"Taxman\\" that I had never heard before.<br /><br />On Sgt. Pepper, I didn't care much for the mono version of \\"She's Leaving Home,\\" because the instrumental track has been speeded up and the song sounds rushed. Still, maybe if this was the version I was used to, the stereo version would sound draggy. At least the vocals aren't distorted, like another song I'll get to later. The Laughter at the end of \\"Within You and Without You\\" is noticeably louder, and there are some vocal tidbit at the end of the reprise of \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band\\" that I never heard before.<br /><br />Two songs on Magical Mystery Tour really stood out for me. First was \\"I Am the Walrus.\\" This works better in mono because it eliminates the awkward transition of the stereo version from true stereo to \\"fake\\" stereo that occurs partway through the song. This was necessitated by John adding the radio broadcast of King Lear to the mix at a point where nothing new should have been added. Second was \\"All You Need Is Love.\\" The mono version seems to be the one I always heard on the radio and liked so much better than the one on the stereo version of the LP I owned. The big difference is the fade. In the stereo version, it seems to begin almost as soon as the \\"love is all you need\\" section begins, and so intrudes noticeably on he ending. In the mono mix, tat section goes on for awhile before the fade, allowing you to get wrapped up in all the psychedelic sound effects.<br /><br />On The White Album, you will notice a striking difference in the animal noises in \\"Piggies.\\" \\"Don't Pass Me By\\" sounds like either a mistake r a joke. Everything is speeded up, instruments and vocals, so that Ringo sounds almost like a Chipmunk. Because the lyrics are somewhat nonsensical anyway, I'm wondering if it was in fact done as a joke and somebody who didn't realize that \\"corrected\\" it for the stereo version. \\"Helter Skelter\\" doesn't come back after it fades out the first time, so ou don't get to hear Ringo's famous, \\"I got blisters on my fingers!\\" Another interesting consequence of this is that the fade of \\"Helter Skelter\\" segues immediately into \\"Long, Long, Long.\\"  \\"And then there's \\"Revolution 9,\\" which I will actually listen to all the way through. It's not a bad piece. It's just totally out of place on a pop/rock album, because it's actually a piece of musique concrete. I'm inclined to think it works better in mono, because I think whatever statement it's trying to make lies in the actual sounds being used. The stereo version introduces much intrusive panning from channel to channel, which distracts from that statement.<br /><br />Finally, on the Mono Masters CDs, this version of \\"Across the Universe\\" include the two girls John recruited at the last minute as backup singers. I don't know for sure that this is the only place you can hear that version, but I do know they were mixed out of the \\"official\\" Phil Spector version, and can't be heard on the version on Let It Be Naked either.<br /><br />So despite some tedious packaging, this set is worth owning, because this is probably the definitive way to listen to The Beatles.<br /><br />*Okay, when you listen to a mono recording on a piece of stereo equipment, you do hear it through both speakers, but the output through each speaker is identical. It's still as of you were listening through one speaker.ave been back in the earliest days of stereo, and as so often happens with any new technology, people got caught up in overusing it.  Moving ahead to Revolver, I noticed some guitar riffs on \\"Taxman\\" that I had never heard before.  On Sgt. Pepper, I didn't care much for the mono version of \\"She's Leaving Home,\\" because the instrumental track has been speeded up and the song sounds rushed. Still, maybe if this was the version I was used to, the stereo version would sound draggy. At least the vocals aren't distorted, like another song I'll get to later. The Laughter at the end of \\"Within You and Without You\\" is noticeably louder, and there are some vocal tidbit at the end of the reprise of \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band\\" that I never heard before.  Two songs on Magical Mystery Tour really stood out for me. First was \\"I Am the Walrus.\\" This works better in mono because it eliminates the awkward transition of the stereo version from true stereo to \\"fake\\" stereo that occurs partway through the song. This was necessitated by John adding the radio broadcast of King Lear to the mix at a point where nothing new should have been added. Second was \\"All You Need Is Love.\\" The mono version seems to be the one I always heard on the radio and liked so much better than the one on the stereo version of the LP I owned. The big difference is the fade. In the stereo version, it seems to begin almost as soon as the \\"love is all you need\\" section begins, and so intrudes noticeably on he ending. In the mono mix, tat section goes on for awhile before the fade, allowing you to get wrapped up in all the psychedelic sound effects.  On The White Album, you will notice a striking difference in the animal noises in \\"Piggies.\\" \\"Don't Pass Me By\\" sounds like either a mistake r a joke. Everything is speeded up, instruments and vocals, so that Ringo sounds almost like a Chipmunk. Because the lyrics are somewhat nonsensical anyway, I'm wondering if it was in fact done as a joke and somebodywho didn't realize that \\"corrected\\" it for the stereo version. \\"Helter Skelter\\" doesn't come back after it fades out the first time, so ou don't get to hear Ringo's famous, \\"I got blisters on my fingers!\\" Another interesting consequence of this is that the fade of \\"Helter Skelter\\" segues immediately into \\"Long, Long, Long.\\"  \\"And then there's \\"Revolution 9,\\" which I will actually listen to all the way through. It's not a bad piece. It's just totally out of place on a pop/rock album, because it's actually a piece of musique concrete. I'm inclined to think it works better in mono, because I think whatever statement it's trying to make lies in the actual sounds being used. The stereo version introduces much intrusive panning from channel to channel, which distracts from that statement.  Finally, on the Mono Masters CDs, this version of \\"Across the Universe\\" include the two girls John recruited at the last minute as backup singers. I don't know for sure that this is the only place you can hear that version, but I do know they were mixed out of the \\"official\\" Phil Spector version, and can't be heard on the version on Let It Be Naked either.  So despite some tedious packaging, this set is worth owning, because this is probably the definitive way to listen to The Beatles.  *Okay, when you listen to a mono recording on a piece of stereo equipment, you do hear it through both speakers, but the output through each speaker is identical. It's still as of you were listening through one speaker.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|i like this app a lot. it has multiple varities of games to keep you interested and wanting to keep playing!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Funn game! this game is super fun. yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea yea mum mum mum mhm
B006GG1KOC|5.0|it's fun, simple and cute. good for learning kids. getting a little challenging at times, but it was great because we would just sit and talk it out together. good game!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Very Good. Great time waster can play for hours. Perfect for long car rides. Can't wait for another update with even better games.
B005C9YZIW|5.0|This series is outstanding. The photography and narration draw the viewer in to the amazing world we live in. Its Blu-ray feature makes all the images even more beautiful. Viewers will guickly discover that they have been transported to a wonderfully different world with rare and unique animals and plants that the average person may never get to see in a lifetime. You will want to watch this series over and over.
B00007KWHG|5.0|Hubby and I are music lovers, and really enjoyed listening to this cd, it reminds of our childhood.  Would recommend this to music lovers.
B004T4LUPW|5.0|I had some questions about this app before purchasing, so I emailed support.  He replied almost immediately with concise, clear, helpful answers.  He even quickly replied to a second round of questions.  I did end up buying it, partly due to the excellent customer service, and I'm glad I did.  I now have my google calendar synced with this app which I put on my Samsung Galaxy SII and Kindle Fire.  Easy to use, yet has tons of options to personalize/tweak.  Fast sync.  Loving it so far!
0312641893|5.0|Cinder is about a cyborg, who has a stepmother who hates her and will do anything to get rid of her. There is a deadly plague that is spreading throughout the city of New Beijing and as she becomes close to Prince Kai, Cinder must find the answers to her past in order to realize the starting point of her struggles between loyalty, betrayals, and freedom.<br /><br />I loved this book so much! It was so different. I won this book in Audio format in a giveaway. Let me start with the audiobook itself. The narrator was fun to listen to. She didn't bore me and she wasn't monotone! She was fun, got the accents to a tee, and spoke in an energetic manner that made you want to keep listening.<br /><br />Since it was audio, I don't know how to spell some of the names. But anyway. Cinder was an amazing character. She was different. People judge her for what she was and she had a \\"Dysfunctional\\" family. If family is the word for the people in her life. With her struggle to find out anything from before her surgery at 11, I found the adventures and the events leading up to the reveal fascinating. And I want to know what she is going to do for her Android that she built herself, who was so cute and adorable. She reminded me of a child who got excited about every little thing. Cinder and Prince Kai.... I loved all the parts with the two together. I loved those little awkward moments Cinder had when she was around him!<br /><br />Prince Kai made a great male crush in this book. He was confident but you could see the confusion on certain things he didn't know about, which I liked. He was nice to Cinder, from the very beginning. He always wanted the best for his people and always gave his all. But he kind of disappointed towards the end there. I need to know what is going on with that.<br /><br />The doctor, was kind of hilarious to me. I was a little iffy about him in the beginning because I didn't know what to expect of him, but I like him more as the story progressed. He and Cinder..Great team!<br /><br />The queen of Lunar is something else. I don't even know how to describe her. Just evil and manipulating, and condensing, and just so many things! Prince Kai, why won't you listen?! There was an amazing amount of action in the book was just to my liking, along with the romance.<br /><br />Overall this book was amazing. Something people need to get their hands on immediately! Just blew my mind. I did not want to stop listening to this book. I listened to it in the car, doing house work, and just lounging in the bed. Amazing read! Oh and it kind of reminds me of Cinderella in certain parts!ething else. I don't even know how to describe her. Just evil and manipulating, and condensing, and just so many things! Prince Kai, why won't you listen?! There was an amazing amount of action in the book was just to my liking, along with the romance.  Overall this book was amazing. Something people need to get their hands on immediately! Just blew my mind. I did not want to stop listening to this book. I listened to it in the car, doing house work, and just lounging in the bed. Amazing read! Oh and it kind of reminds me of Cinderella in certain parts!
B000O8OTNC|4.0|I keep hearing how this thing is only good for thin blades. I don't understand that, yes this thing has a fixed angle it sharpens at that is a little steep but that just means it takes longer on thick blades. I sharpened a very dull edge just to see how it would work. The only issue I had with it is that it didn't remove the same amount of metal from both sides of the blade. It was easily changed by reversing the direction and it does make a razor sharp edge.<br /><br />No it's not a precision tool for high-end knives. Yes it will sharpen any knife given enough effort.<br /><br />As for the diamond coated rod; I've used it a few times. There may be people out there that can use it effectively, but I'm not one of them.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|It doesn't get stuck and always loads! Its great with ads they entertain me and updates are so much fun!
B004UID2LC|5.0|I think this is going to be a cool app:-)) not sure what it is going to look like:-) who else likes this? anybody
B004XNGKBS|5.0|I just purchased the app. for my Kindle Fire with the thought that I might be disappointed. NOPE, I love it.  I teach Chemistry and being able to draw molecular structures right next to notes!  YES SIR!!!  I can't afford a \\"Tablet\\" and apps like this one make it easier and easier to say I don't NEED a tablet!  I'm sure there are still limitations but with every week - the developers make improvements so... all I can say is THANK YOU!  It's well worth the $0.99.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Well designed, smooth graphics.  Others complain about the ads -- but they are not pervasive, and a single tap in between games takes care of them.  This will be on my Kindle for a long time!
B005XQLBU4|4.0|Game is pretty good, runs good on sam epic. Played game for 30 mins and still like it. Pretty good compared to most these games on android
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I really enjoy these games.  my little girl likes to play them as well.  you have to earn points to &quot;buy &quot; the next game.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Works well and I like that you can use your own pictures on the cards and background. There's a lot of game options.
B004SDSSFY|3.0|really like the app but had to uninstall cuz I cannot stand having two icons for 1 app in app tray. why can't the key go away and just launch the full from regular app? really bad design in this behalf.
B004YW4L5K|5.0|hear it's on sale for $1.99. I paid full price when it first came out and again last July for my iPhone Kindle app. Tis a great investment of money as well as time. I figure I'll be paying no more than 50 cents per read over time.... and every time I get more from it. what could be better than great bargain gods??? answer: more gaiman gods.
1439152799|4.0|i had a bit of a hard time getting into this story - i know about every review i've found on this book here has been amazing, great, best book ever, etc.  i agree it was well written and once i got into it, i had a hard time putting it down until i finished.  but for me it quite a while before i DID find myself into it.  i know it's a gothic novel and all that, but morton reeeeally takes her time establishing her characters and plot.  but i ended up really liking the story - every time i'd guess an outcome of a character or plot point, i'd be wrong - you gotta love that.  my mom had read this before me and told me it had a slow start, but to stick with it.  i'm glad i did.
0439023521|5.0|Katniss Everdeen is a strong and likeable character in spite of her flaws.  This series does an excellent job with character development and symbolism.  The Hunger Games is an imaginative story that highlights the darkness of humanity as well as the underlying hope for it.<br /><br />This is a captivating series of books that has left an empty place for me to fill, now that I've finished all three.  It's an excellent read and I can't wait for the movie coming this spring!
B006IMY5ZU|5.0|This was another fantastic sports history movie. Right up there with my favorites. I am a huge baseball fan, and this was a story I knew little about. Wonderfully acted and filmed beautifully!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This Bible app is awesome I can use it anytime and anywhere. If I forget my Bible its right their and is easy to use. I can encourage others via text message or facebook I love this.
B005K17RU0|5.0|App works great on my Fire. Ive had no problems at all.  I love the weather alertes and temp in the notification bar! I also like the long term forecast option....granted we know how quickly it can change, but its nice to have some kind of an idea.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the narration and following along.  So many versions.  Love the NIV version. Recommend it for followers of the lord or those interested in becoming closer to him.
B0064NTZQ2|4.0|well this to me is a hard core movie , it about tuff guy fights a mob . its got a twist and is different mostely but  i dont think the hero deals with civilized people.
B005HSL626|1.0|It worked fine until it would quit before I could play it. It was kind of a waste of time.
0062101897|5.0|My niece and nephew are loyal Harry Potter fans.  I got this for them for Christmas and my sister-in-law reported that my niece wouldn't let it out of her sight.  My nephew, who is younger, sadly had to wait his turn.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|turn based game. fun figuring out each level. there are hints available but not many, so you are strongly encouraged to think for yourself.  good times.
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|Marvelous sound track from a marvelous movie. Hawaiian music is very good. Definitely brought back great memories of vacations in Hawaii.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like the challenges of needing to beat games to earn coins to open more game. This makes keeps it interesting and makes you want to keep playing.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|it makes reading the Bible so easy, you can have it read to you so I listen to it wail I get ready for school!!' I love this app
0743437497|4.0|King takes a standard, long used formula of ficton, isolation + mental instability + haunted mansion= a good gothic/horror story and knocks it out of the ball park.  There is a certain feeling experienced when reading this book, the setting, characters and situations adding to the perfect storm of dread and the collapsing of stable reality into a waking nightmare.  Lots of strange scenes with the feeling of coldness, isolation, and fear you desire from a good horror story.  So much of the novel feels like a bad dream, and is one of the reasons I feel it resonates so well with readers.
B005HSL626|4.0|it was fun, but after a while when I unlocked everything, it got boring because there wasn't a reason to do anything.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|I have seen all these brothers movies, I have loved them all,but this one is by far the best yet.  In all the movies they've made the storyline is always great, and the message they work to get across is always relevant to our society right now.  But the thing that has improved overtime with their films is the acting. If you put flywheel against courageous and watched them back to back I think u would see how much the main character has honed his acting skills. which is just one more sign of their commitment to their lives calling. I just praise God for these brothers and their commitment to God and his work to reach a society that has all but lost its ability to feel conviction. I pray they make more movies that address specifically the many struggles that are plaguing our families
B000NQRR1Q|2.0|Balkin hires Corso (Depp) to verify the book he has in his collection is authentic.  The book just happens to be about the dark arts (ohhh creepy).  The back of the DVD make it sound very interesting; however, the actual viewing of the movie was very boring.  Nothing entertaining happens and the pace is slow.  It is as though everything in the movie falls short.  The characters seem bored with themselves and eachother.  The Corso character who is suppose to be somewhat unethical wants to walk away from the job Balkin hired him to do; yet, seems afraid of Balkin's threats.  Corso appears to be suspicious of everyone since his room(s) have been broken into, his things have been searched, he was attacked at one point; however, he doens't find out any information about his female traveling companion.  I am guessing she is suppose to remain mysterious considering some of her physical traits (I don't want to say too much incase someone wants to see the movie).  Also, the \\"mystery\\" about who stole the book isn't much of a \\"mystery\\" and there wan't alot of \\"detective\\" work done by the characters to find out who did it.  Furthermore, the depts of obsession don't seem to have much depth.  Everything about the film seems rather shallow which is sad considering it sounded like an interesting stroyline.
B006O5XYWG|5.0|Based on the name/trailer, I figured it was just another lame movie with a name similar of a classic, or a remake.  It was neither.  Altogether, the I don't see the point of the girlfriend even being in the movie, and the main character sort of gives up on trying to get Ceasar out of the shelter. The acting is great, end \\"battle\\" scene is all sorts of epic, and in the end/credits of the movie, you realize that this was, in essence, the PREQUEL to the 1968 film.
B003Y5H5AG|4.0|I grew up with the Smurfs, and personally wasn't to keen on watching the movie, much less buying it. However, my kids loved it, and I broke down and bought it as part of their Christmas gifts. I'm glad to say the movie was better than I thought it would be for a live-action based on cartoon.  I enjoyed very much.
B005LF9IO8|1.0|After seeing the movie trailer I thought this would be a great action movie, a fun Saturday night escape.  Wrong.  This movie was terrible.  You want action?  Watch one of the Bourne movies.  This movie had a script that was heavy-handed and unbelievable.  The few fight scenes were poorly filmed.  The cinematography was sophomoric. How many times in one movie can you use the visual effect of panning around someone to show they are confused?  The soundtrack?  OMG.  DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS.
0307292134|5.0|Outstanding set of books that are great reads. Will add beauty to any library shelf or dorm room - as my college student wanted the set for Christmas!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I highly recommend this app. With free translations, notes, bookmarks, and studies you will love this app. Sometimes it is a bit quirky with the needed Internet connection.
B000006045|5.0|I was looking for this album in sotres, but no one was carrying it and decided to check on here.  so glad I did.  best track is number 1.  if you like trip hop, you'll love this album.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Love the variety of the games. Some of the games can be frustrating but that's all part of it. Overall, I have enjoyed many hours playing.
B000IMUYJM|4.0|This is an overall creepy movie.  way better than the remake, but not as gory.  This movie that is based off a crazy man who is killing girls in their sorority house is quite scary.  he picks them off 1 by 1 and ends quite chilling.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|fun game yay takes a bit to open new levels with higher points but good time killer yup that's all
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is cheap easy addictive. love playing. not highest quality but fun. I would recommend this to pass the time.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is very awesome. I will highly recommend this game too evergreen one no matter what or who.I love this game.
B004INNRFK|5.0|Great quality product I ordered two one for my self and the other for my best friend she loves it!  Thanks
B004L49K20|5.0|I guess it is hard for a band to remain relevant across the years, since tastes in music change and it is hard to follow, but sometimes it is for the best just to remain yourself. And DD did just that, made some music the way they've been doing it since the 80s. This album obviously does not aim to make a revolution in pop music, but it is one of the most inspiring albums in whole DD catalogue, and I always feel good when I see a long time pop legends still enthusiastic about making music, and trying to top their best. It is catchy, sounds relaxed, and some of the grooves and synth lines are just incredible. Fresh and exciting with flavor of the synth pop of the 80s reinvented.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun game. some are hard but all in all fun. my nieces and nephew love this game and its even good for the big kids
B0054JZC6E|5.0|So far I have really enjoyed this game! It is a fun challenge. I would reccomend you give it a try!
B0035V35P8|5.0|I found this in the $5 bin at Best Buy.  I avoided it for a long time because some people told me it was pretty gory.  I finally decided to check it out, I guess, because my taste in movies is changing and I can deal with stuff like that a little better.  Anyway, only a few scenes are really disturbing...okay, the opening scene really has the most gore you're going to see in this movie.  The rest of the movie has A LOT of blood spray, but nothing as graphic as the opening scene.  The characters and the story were well developed and the pacing was good.  There were a few things that could have been done better, like the fight with the kunoichi in the laundromat, or maybe explaining how Raizo and Mika casually escaped the apartment with several rival ninja closing in.  Overall though, these things didn't ruin the movie at all.  The camera work and special effects were great.  The story, and the back story, were enjoyable without being overly convoluted.  The characters were mostly likeable, or at the very least I felt there were qualities of many of the characters to which most people can relate.  The action sequences were incredible.  I could easily watch this movie several times over.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Can't stop - background music soothing.  the only problem is that the game is keeping me up because I can't stop playing!
B000FGGE68|3.0|I picked this one up in the $5 bin at Best Buy.  I suppose it was a little better than some of the other movies in the bin, but it was not the \\"diamond in the rough\\" I was hoping for.  I wanted to like this movie, I really did.  I really enjoyed watching the \\"making of\\" features more than the actual movie.  A major thing I noticed right away, NO BLOOD.  I mean, there are scenes where it shows a cut on 'Violet's' hand, or something like that, but in all of the crazy fight scenes where people are getting shot up, stabbed, and slashed with knives and swords, there is absolutely no blood spray at all.  In my opinion, it's too bad because the fight scenes were pretty good yet the lack of any combat related bloodshed really took away from the realism of the \\"fantasy world\\" that a movie tries to create.  Also, since the movie is basically about contaminated blood (more or less) I think, just my opinion again, that combat related blood spray could have really enhanced the story line.  Some of the special effects (mostly CG related) could have been done better.  For example, the motorcycle chase scene backgrounds (the CG rendered ones) weren't very polished.  At the time this movie was made, the technology was definitely available to make higher quality CG.  Despite the fact that the \\"Prologue\\", for lack of a better word, said that the world was different from the world we know, it would have been nice if they took a few minutes to explain some of the extra-ordinary things, like how Violet can store weapons on her person seemingly virtually, or why the hell her hair, glasses, and outfit change colors every 3 minutes.  I mean, these are neat concepts that could have been explored more functionally, but mostly they were there for aesthetics as she only changed colors for camouflage purposes, like, one time.  The gravity manipulation stuff was a great idea, but it too was abandoned shortly after it was introduced.  So much more could have been done with these great ideas.  Thefight scenes were great (except the no-blood thing).  The story had promise.  Most of the characters lacked any real depth (really more the fault of the writers than the actors).  It would have been nice if they would have made the movie about 30 minutes longer so they could explain some things, and give us, the viewing audience, a chance to bond with some of the characters so we might actually care what happens to them.  As it stands, I started losing interest pretty quickly and hung in there hoping things would get better.  In short, this movie was alright, but there are definitely better movies out there in the $5 bin.
0385535139|5.0|I really enjoyed this one...kept me turning the pages...nice twists and turns...best dialog in any of his books...great surprise on a snowy weekend! Thank you Mr grisham!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|at first I was just looking for an app that would help pass by the time but once I started playing I could not stop.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is great and I love how it builds upon itself so you have to work at getting more games unlocked. the only big problem I see is that you get a lot of adds during your game play which ate annoying snf hard to click away.
1400049628|5.0|I purchased this for my boyfriend who enjoys zombies, gore, and funny reads. He enjoyed it, and it is great for fun entertainment, especially if you love zombies.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the life journal app. it reminds me to read every day. I love all the different versions of the Bible, this is an excellent app.
B0064X7FVE|5.0|this is an awesome thing it tells me all the weather everywhere it works well to I really like this weather app
1594744769|3.0|Oh, little girl who floats in the middle of the forest with that eerie twinkle in your eye, promising a world of \\"full dark, no stars.\\"<br /><br />I never found you, or your promises.<br /><br />Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar children is a rather \\"young\\" tale about the adventures of sixteen-year-old Jacob and his journey to a secluded island with his distant-hippy dad as Jacob searches for answers following the mysterious and disturbing death of his beloved grandfather. And, of course, there are the creepy pictures that author Ransom Riggs actually found during his travels scattered throughout the book and around which the entire story was built around.<br /><br />Unfortunately, that's where the creepiness ends-with the pictures. And I assume the pictures are the reason the book was so popular in the first place. So yeah, disappointing x2.<br /><br />The story itself isn't bad, in fact I like Riggs' writing style and I find the entire concept and plot of the entire novel pretty refreshing. Some scenes are funny, others fast-paced, but all of them brought me right along for the ride. The characters are well-developed and Riggs offers some pretty good descriptions of places and faces.<br /><br />Jacob is your average spoiled suburban kid with big city dreams and distant parents. But as monsters, a new love, new friends, and stakes are thrown his way, he grows. Everyone in the story does. Don't we all? I've read worse stories than this.<br /><br />BUT I was expecting something much darker, edgier. Because I mean, that's what the book is marketed to be about-some seriously dark stuff.<br /><br />And that, my friends, is where the problem is: how the book is presented. Miss Peregrine is actually a paranormal adventure tale for 11 years olds.<br /><br />Surprised?<br /><br />Yeah, join the club.<br /><br />If you love soft adventure tales, you'll love this.<br /><br />If you're looking for something scary I suggest you skip Miss Peregrine's pictures and keep flipping through the photo album, folks. Nothing will frighten you here.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|sweet game. totally awesome for 3 to 99 year oles. amazing 117 games.  I love love love love this g a m es. its so coolll!
B004MGMJ3E|4.0|A different animal that its seminal predecessor, an album I discovered soon after starting my Animal Collective fandom. Like many others, I consider it one of the finest in the groups' collective canon. Simultaneously airy and dense, it had the visionary breadth of a creative individual staying true to all his whims and felt really inspired, giving us songs that were diverse, sprawling and at the end of the day extremely memorable, and absolutely none of it felt forced.<br /><br />Noax Lennox mentions having listened to \\"Nevermind\\" incessantly while recording this and while from a musical standpoint has little in common with that album, there are parallels to be heard in the emphatic feel of vocal lines and his isolative approach to repeating certain measures (maybe I'm reaching but the constant repetitions of phrases in these songs aren't worlds removed from the unforgettable \\"a denial\\"s and chorus mantras of that iconic recording). That's where the comparisons end. I liken Tomboy to a singles collection padded out with a few songs that at their worst border on unnecessary and at best enliven the very strong first side. At first listen what's immediately noticeable is how sparse these songs sound. Indie rock choir music? Further listens reveal this to be deceiving.<br /><br />While \\"Person Pitch\\" had about a hundred different things happening at once with easy to discern musical hooks, such as the guitar samples in \\"Bros\\" or a drum pattern, most of Tomboy is hinged on his vocal carrying music that's nowhere near conventional. Everything here is so overly washed in reverb that it creates the feeling of being in the world's largest outdoors auditorium, but alone and on a beautiful spring day. The musical elements like I mentioned aren't as grabbing as before but do enough to keep the song moving. Disconcerting sound effects, heavily processed guitars, glacial and arpeggiated synthesizer, snare hits that on every measure sound like they're transforming into sugary clouds for the watery world around them that this music creates. The highpoints are \\"Last Night at the Jetty\\", \\"Slow Motion\\" and \\"Friendship Bracelet\\". These songs capture what this album does best. Lennox's vocals have a hypnotizing effect that makes Tomboy great either for immersive listening or for background relaxation. Recommended.orld around them that this music creates. The highpoints are \\"Last Night at the Jetty\\", \\"Slow Motion\\" and \\"Friendship Bracelet\\". These songs capture what this album does best. Lennox's vocals have a hypnotizing effect that makes Tomboy great either for immersive listening or for background relaxation. Recommended.
B0058VW36U|5.0|the Cut the Rope app is one of the best apps I have EVER gotten. Well,next to Temple Run, Gun bros, and Contract Killer. but
B004KO8036|4.0|This four-piece from Portland had a lot of anticipation riding on what they'd bring with their first true studio effort (technically speaking their self-titled was a collection of EP releases) and they've brought the goods through this collection of songs. Much has said about the band's well-worn influences and it can be argued that a seasoned listener might find lots to criticize in that respect, however Red Fang's music never once seems like they're deliberately plagiarizing those who came before. Let's not forget that imitation is often still the sincerest form of flattery in all rock! What's important is that these guys do a great job of keeping my attention with their playing and tuneful songs. What they offer here is the musical equivalent of a stoner/doom sampler plate, running the gamut from locked in crushing rhythms on the opener that sounds at home with many of their fellow Relapse Records roster to the Queens of the Stone Age groove of the single \\"Wires\\" and \\"Number Thirteen\\". They also succeed at much faster songs that retain a playful urgency that's almost never heard in their peers who might be too preoccupied with being heavier than the last band while forgetting how to make their music fun. All ten songs are rife with this particular energy - one that's extremely close to capturing the feeling of their live performance and having enough studio shine to let the songs speak loud. The vocals are intelligible and benefit from having two singers, saving it from having a monotonous feel. Guitars are loud as they should be but never consume everything else in the mix, so those expecting a \\"Dopethrone\\" or \\"Remission\\" type feel might end up disappointed by this. Think more \\"Badmotorfinger\\" crossed with the fuzz of \\"Welcome to Sky Valley\\" and you've got a better picture of the Red Fang sonic palette. Overall a great effort that promises more to come from a band that could take many roads in their future.
B005I6EU48|5.0|This is a very attractive cover....looks like a book when it is closed.  It is well made and worth the price.
B005XQLBU4|4.0|Reminds me of old Missle Command, just missing the track ball! Nice game to waste some time while waiting for the kids.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|so many games so much fun packed into one game recommended to anyone and everyone every game is different and just as challenging as the next
B004J4WLB4|5.0|Vanessa Diffenbaugh has written the book I always wanted to write.  Throughout my career as a child welfare professional, I longed to write a book which would put into words the experiences, insights, and feelings I encountered every day.  This is that kind of book.  It perfectly captures the essence of the foster care experience and it's effects upon children, families, and society, and it speaks in a voice that anyone can hear.  Most books on the subject either malign or idealize the system and the people involved, but these characters and situations rang true, with minimal exaggeration.  Without jargon, defensiveness, or blame, this book \\"tells it like it is\\".  And unlike those reviewers who argue about the appropriateness of the ending, I thank the author for the hopeful ending.  There ARE those children who make their lives work; all are scarred, but some recover.  Would it were all of them, but that won't happen until all of us, in and out of the system, recognize that what we are doing cannot possibly be our best.  This should be required reading for policy makers, foster and adoptive parents, caseworkers, other professionals involved in the system, and anyone interested in the future of our children.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the games are very addictive and its hard to set down...I recommend this game for sure....its awesome to have when I'm waiting around for classes to start
0340896965|1.0|I almost never give up on a book but after pages/years of Dex's immaturity and endless drinking, irresponsible romances and infatutation with himself, just couldn't take it anymore.  If there was a way I could have read Emma's story only, it would have been a big improvement.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|Great, easy-to-use list app.  I love it for to-do lists, and it's great for shopping lists.  I can enter grocery items as I think of them, then rearrange the list so it's in the order I travel through the store!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a great app and a great way to spend time it has so many games and it actually makes u work for it
B0063IH60K|5.0|fun all of the time even on crappy days. I'm on my kindle all the time because of it. fun
B0054JZC6E|5.0|some of the games are pretty tough but its a fun game. there are even games that my five year old enjoys. good game.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Been using this app on a Kindle Fire for a short time and have found no problems so far. Many Bible versions to choose from. Many devotional plans to participate in ... even reminded me by email when I got behind. I plan on using this app daily and once you try it I think you will also.
031617615X|5.0|Okay for all you Twihards out there who are scared to buy Breaking Dawn because of all the hateful reviews its gotten, don't listen to them because this book is amazing.  I absolutely adore it and wish Stephanie Meyer would make another one. Though she was planning on making a fifth book called Midnight Sun but she may not because of all the hateful comments her books are getting. But the books are amazing and well written. Don't listen to the haters out there because this is the beast series out there and will always be.
B000007SPT|5.0|I decided to buy It'll End in Tears after watching a rerun of 'The Lovely Bones' and listening to Song to the Siren - sung by Liz Frazer.  I'd forgotten it - tucked away in another era of memories and suddenly this reminder of what was happening to me at that time came back into focus;  Good, bad or indifferent its great to listen to something that gives you a nudge to the more recent past and put todays stuff into perspective.  Some of the tracks I hadn't heard before, but after listening I decided its definitely one to refer back to.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Fun game! I really enjoy playing it when I am bored or having to wait for something.  It help passes time!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I really like playing this. The games are pretty fun except after a certain point it gets extremely hard to be able to get enough points to unlock any new games. Because of that reason, I have not been playing if anymore.
B002GHIPYI|5.0|Great headphones for the price. I have it paired with a Fiio E7 and it works wonderfully with the bass boost set to 2. Without the amp, they still have nice bass but they might seem a little \\"bright\\" for some though it's nothing a little EQing can't fix. I listen mainly to rap, 90's and classic rock, electronic stuff, and most everything in between and I can say that it works quite well as an all around headphone.  I have these for home use, have my Koss KSC75 when I need something more compact and portable, and my JVC air cushions when I need isolation.  I love the design on these and I think they look cooler than the AKG K240's that they take after. Coming from Sennheiser HD 280 Pros, these are so much more comfortable and don't clamp on your head too much (I have a large head).  Not sure how these would do as studio monitors as they don't really seem to have a flat response curve, but if you wanna hear the vocals shine with some adequate bass in your music these are highly recommended!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|cool I like the games cause its like kinda challenging to pass the different games. its cool awesome fun challenging and more its fun you should get it
B003P9VZ0W|5.0|I wanted to spice up my daughter's room so I bought these stickers.  My daughter absolutely loves them!  They are very colorful and very good quality.  My daughter who is 5 has no problem re-sticking them to different locations in her room.  The only slight problem is to only move 1 sticker at a time.  If you try and move 2 princess stickers at the same time they can get stuck together.  Definitely, will need a parent to help un-stick them.  Other than that the sticker are definitely worth the money and 5 stars!!!
B004V5QWU2|5.0|People this is the real deal.  It does what it says AND THEN some. whether you're a light sleeper or you crash right away there is a perfect sound for everyone. solo easy to use, just awesome
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great game I love all the little games inside it and it beats playin only one game. better than any other game ive played that is similar to this game!!!!!!
B004MC8CA2|2.0|I like the different versions available, but you can't read the Bible without a wifi connection. There's a place where you can manage your offline versions in the settings, but there isn't a place where you can download a version to your device for offline use. Very disappointing.
B005HSL626|1.0|Tooo...many ads. Not user friendly with all the ads. You spend more time closing the ads then you do playing the game.
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|***May contain spoilers***<br /><br />I loved the Fifty shades series.  Even though it had the BDSM theme (which I hate) the author did it the right way so much do that I devoured them.  This one I have to say for unknown reasons to myself I didnt like as much as one and two.  I gave a five star for the series in all.  This author sure knows how to suck a reader in and keep them there.  Something was missing for me though and I can't pin point what it is.  This book however DOES NOT disappoint.  I love Christian and Ana.  I have enjoyed thier story so much I am sad to see it be finished :(<br /><br />Love the ending!-Finally a happily ever after for Christian and Ana!<br /><br />I do have excitement for the future for anything that comes from E.L James (WHAT A TALENT)<br /><br />E.L. James- You have created the best romance series so far in my book.  Keep up the excellent work and give us ladies another series to drool over!! :)
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|Once again I love all VERSIONS! If you don't like this, you must not like the original! I don't see how anyone could not like this one if they like Origal or Seasons!
B0055SWM08|5.0|I just began playing quell,  and enjoy it immensely.  My seven year old daughter and I have worked together to solve these fascinating puzzles.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Love all 3, once I start a lil hard to stop!! Especially when my son is ready to take over.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|This app is very pleasing to the eye. It is easy to use and dependable. very well designed. Thanks for a great app.
B000W91RUG|5.0|Even from the get go the Big Bang Theory is a great show.  The actors play their characters perfectly, which in the first season of most series is not common.  I love dry humor that really makes you think, the kicker is most of the jokes have educational material in them.  A fun facto is that the directors employee a real physicist to make sure everything on the show is correctly portrayed.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I use this app all of the time, just for little reminders to myself.It has lots of options and nice color choices for the notes. Try it. It will come in handy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I thought this game was very entertaining and addicting if you cant complete a game you get the erge to play till you win I know I did:)
B0070DOHQS|5.0|Having used all the remote desktop apps out there I have to say this is by far the smoothest on Android.  I have a Samsung Spica which came with 1.6 and was supported up to 2.1. I installed Cyanogen 6 on it to upgrade to Android 2.2 so you can imagine that this is a low powered phone; Jump Desktop works great on it.  Both RDP & VNC for a great price and built in SSH Tunneling on top of it all! I love the ability to create shortcuts on my home screen for my frequently used connections. I've used this app for years now on iOS and I'm glad to see their app ported on Android.  App works great with my Kindle Fire.  The support team is extremely friendly and responsive.  Get the App now, the App is $15 on iTunes so no idea how much longer it'll be on sale here.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game and it is awesome it's. the best. game ever. I would play this ever day love it
B004SJ3AXI|3.0|it is a good game but froze my kindel right after oppening it also too much adds!!! Some levels are way too hard!!!!
B004J7D3TK|5.0|Though I do use Facebook, watching a movie about the guy who started it all sounded like a total snooze-fest. How could a movie about a nerdy code-writer who was sued by everyone who claimed to have helped, be worth watching?  On the advice of others, I finally watched Tne Social Network, and saw that this is the story of one man's quest to connect to others, and how he failed miserably for himself, yet ended up allowing the world to connect. Now that's Irony with a capital I.<br /><br />Zuckerberg was so inept socially, that I had to wonder if he suffers from some sort of high functioning type of autism, like Asberger's or something similar that might account for his chronic foot-in-mouth disease.  I love the opening of the movie where Zuckerberg's soon to be ex-girlfriend tells him that one day he will be very successful at his computer programming and end up wealthy, which will cause him to think that this is the reason for his lack of success in his personal relationships. No,she tells him, it won't be the success that will be at fault, but Zuckerberg's himself, because he is an a...hole.  There is a sad scene in the movie where Zuckerberg's looks up his old girlfriend on Facebook, yet knows that she might be the only person on earth to refuse to accept his friend-request.<br /><br />Who knows how much if this movie is the truth, though Zuckerberg was sued by all those connected to the beginnings of Facebook, and he lost, so it would appear that Zuckerberg did betray his friends and others who obviously had stake in Facebook.<br /><br />By the time the movie was over, I wanted to cancel my Facebook account, but then there does seem to be a bit of sociopathy that goes along with succeeding in our society. Justin Timberlake plays the inventor of Napster, and what a great job he does of it. For such a like able actor, Timberlake made you hate him as he portrayed the drugged-out, authority-phobic, megalomania with apparent glee.<br /><br />The Social Network is worth watching on many levels. My favorite, was as a character study on how intelligence can make a person miserable if it's not balanced with an equally high level of emotional intelligence.h watching on many levels. My favorite, was as a character study on how intelligence can make a person miserable if it's not balanced with an equally high level of emotional intelligence.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I like most of the games and the reward system inhances the experience. However, some of the games are really stupid. The controls don't work more frequently than not. Overall, the game is good to pass time, but it's hard to find true enjoyment from it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good game, some very similar, I would like to see more variety.  but overall a fun game that seems to run well
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it has lots of fun games to play and unlock.  I enjoy playing this app. you earn points and can purchase more games.
B005JLN9ZI|5.0|I really liked this album, i thought it was great. You can tell how he has grown as an artist on this album. I really don't know why people didn't like this album. If you are a Drank fan, you will think this album is hot, if your not then maybe this album is not for you.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|ok game some games are a bit hard to move the itensa atound with touch screen but worth the time hours of fun yo he had
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Can't believe how quickly I got into this book and could not put it down for a minute.  The author provided a full understanding of each character, important or secondary, and provided an incite into their lives that brought the story together in a very cogent way.  Haven't seen the movie yet, but the book is a favorite of mine for this past year.  I appreciate my Kindle and the opportunity it has provided me to keep up with the latest books at my leisure in my own home.  Great.
B000KI6286|1.0|I watched the first half of it and since it's 1am I decided that I would trade the other half for an hours sleep. I guess it was kind of a good example of how lobbying works and it could have been a pretty good show.    There was just virtually no exciting moments to it just kind of drags along.
B001GKJ2FM|1.0|I like ABBA music, and I'm in the target demographic, but I cringed continually watching this.  There is a scene right before the wedding where Meryl Streep is singing for several minutes about how she doesn't want to talk, while Pierce Brosnan is standing there in what for him must have been an excruciating reaction shot.  But I also felt he was thinking: \\"This is dreadful.  Thank heavens we're filming at a great location and tonight we can get drunk at the taverna in town.\\"  The acting seems forced and phony, and I could not identify with anyone in the movie.  The idea that a young woman would somehow think it romantic (which is what the bride-to-be expresses in her opening song) that her mother had sex with three different men in succession strains credulity.  The giggling didn't help.  Ouch. Ouch. Ouch.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|Ordered this item to be given as a X-mas gift.  Was very happy with the item and especially happy with the price!
B0063IH60K|5.0|When it comes till card games, i prefer a simple, eazy approach that will just pass the extra time away, and this app does just that.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I thought the games were fun enough to play over and over again. The hate part is earning points to unlock more games.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This is a great bag.  It gives you plenty of options for your camera items.  I've been complement by people on the looks and the PRICE.  It looks like those expensive  professional bags.  I highly recommended.
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|***EXPLICIT LANGUAGE AND CONTENT. THIS IS AN ADULT BOOK. PLEASE DON'T READ THIS REVIEW UNLESS YOU ARE AN ADULT***  Fifty, Fifty, Fifty. I can't get enough Fifty.  I have read a lot of mixed reviews for Fifty Shades Freed, the third novel in the Fifty Shades trilogy. This is my response: Fifty Shades Freed was EXCELLENT. How can anyone complain about more Fifty?  Reading this novel was a bittersweet experience. I couldn't get enough; I wanted to rush through this entire novel and absorb it all as quickly as possible. On the other hand, I wanted to take my sweet time and drag things out because I never wanted it to end. I'm devastated that this series wrapped up, and I have hopes (fingers crossed) that this won't be the last we see of Christian Grey. I could read about Christian and Ana forever. (Christian may be the perfect man to star in a never-ending series. He seems to have enough issues. LOL)  Christian and Ana make a lot of progress in this novel, but they also suffer a few setbacks. I thought both their progress and their setbacks were moving and realistic. Christian is still the same bossy, domineering man that we all love, and their sex is still just as kinky and hot as ever. This novel also had the added element of suspense. The \\"bad guy\\" storyline was intriguing and entertaining; it really added to the novel. In this novel, we also discover more about Christians past and see more growth and development in his character. Oh, and don't forget about Ana's inner goddess and her subconscious; they are back and just as hilarious as before. I enjoyed this novel - beginning, middle, and end. And, I absolutely adored the epilogue and the bonus chapters at the end!!!  E.L. James - Thank you so much for writing this hot, crazy, mind-blowing story! It has been an absolute pleasure reading Ana and Christian's love story.  The Fifty Shades trilogy is UN-FREAKING-BELIEVABLY GOOD!  This series is HILARIOUS. Ana and Christian's playful emails and witty banter are hysterical and entertaining. Christian's domineering side is amusing, and, Ana's inner goddess and subconscious are, like I've said before, the best things ever! This series is guaranteed to make you laugh out loud.  This series is HOT! This erotic series pushes the envelope. I strongly recommend this series to everyone who thinks they can handle a hot, kinky, erotic series! (Be advised: this series is an introduction into the world of BDSM - floggers, handcuffs, blindfolds, cable ties, D/s relationships, and a whole lot more.)  I gave Fifty Shades Freed by E.L. James 5 STARS. I look forward to re-reading this series over and over in the future, and I can't wait to see what Ms. James comes out with next. Can you top Fifty? I just don't see that happening, but hey, I never thought I'd read and love a BDSM novel either. Never say never!  PS: I absolutely adored the bonus chapters from Christian's perspective at the end. It was a wonderful treat.  PSS: Ms. James concludes an excerpt from Fifty Shades of Grey in Christian's perspective with, \\"That's all...for now.\\" Is she thinking about writing this trilogy from Christian's perspective? Hmm...  -XOXO  READING, EATING & DREAMING  FOR MORE REVIEWS CHECK OUT MY BLOG ON BLOGSPOT: READING, EATING & DREAMING I WAS BLAIR WALDORF
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I had the older version, but it was too bulky.  This one automatically syncs with my computer, and it has an auto power save feature, so if I forget to power it up, it still has some juice for at least another run.
B005SODYGA|4.0|I've seen them live twice in North America and the main album is great, mainly tracks found on their current discography. I am not a huge fan of the remix album, it's not really in the same vein as their normal music, but some of the tracks are alright at best. I'd skip the deluxe two-disc set unless your a huge fan.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Det er et fedt program til at tage noter med - specielt fordi det holder ens noter synkroniserede p&aring; tv&aelig;rs af platforme.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Male nudity, violence, sex, and language. The series is about a Roman gladiator named Spartacus who is captured and becomes a slave in a gladiator school headed by Batiatus in Capua. Building interest and depth in the plot you automatically become fully vested in the characters without even realizing it. The story is wonderful without becoming predictable. This is a must see series very Historically written and really makes you wonder how things really were back then.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Damn dawg!! This book is cray! That Lisbeth chick is one badass shorty! Lots of raping going on. These white people are crazy!! Love it!
B003Y5H5F6|5.0|\\"Underworld: Awakening\\" is great! This is how the story goes: The vampire warrioress Selene, escapes imprisonment to find herself in a world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species.  The cast led by Kate Beckinsale (as Selene) is great. The directing by Mans Marlind & Bjorn Stein is great. The story by Len Wiseman (who also produced) & the screenplay by Wiseman, John Hlavin, J. Michael Straczynski & Allison Burnett is great.  The music by Paul Haslinger is great. The cinematography by Scott Kevan is great. The film editing by Jeff McEvoy is great. The casting by Deborah Aquila & Tricia Wood is great. The production design by Claude Pare is great. The art direction by Martina Javorova & Gary Myers is great. The set decoration by Shane Vieau is great. The costume design by Monique Prudhomme is great.  This is a great action-horror movie that keeps you thinking and on the edge of your seat with your heart racing. This is also a great addition to the \\"Underworld\\" series. Kate Beckinsale is back and as good as ever in one of her break-out roles that made her a star.
0061969656|5.0|A wonderful addition to this marvelous series about the birth of England.  Cornwell's best series in my opinion.  Also the audio version is excellent with a reader that one easily sees as Uthred.
0062060554|5.0|This is an excellent book that grips you from the first page and I could not put it down. Highly recommended.
B005H9B2CE|1.0|Absolutely love comic based movies. However no amount of cgi can make up for horrible acting and directing even from seasoned actors. I will say at least Anthony Hopkins was okay in an otherwise bland film.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|My husband can't believe I am sitting there playing Angry Birds - but it is a time for this 66 year old to relax and escape the real world and those smiles on those pigs just makes me try again and again to try to rid them of their world.  My only frustration is the first game in each series takes so long to load, once I have killed all of them so that I can move on to the other games in that series and I hate to go back and get all three stars.
0345529057|5.0|I was introduced via the TV show first, and the novels are some of the best fantasy novels I've ever read.  For such an immense (and potentially confusing) world, the writer does an incredible job of keeping the reader oriented within all the alliances between the Houses, the families, and the subplots.  But more than anything, I love the characters.  Every single character in this series is so compelling and fully realized that I was utterly engrossed (even when I already knew what had happened from watching the TV show).  I read the entire first novel within a few days, and am burning through the rest of the books... This is a great bargain price to get the whole collection, definitely worth it!!
B005XQLBU4|4.0|Not to bad. not as good as the original missle command but close. Definately worth the download. I give it a thumbs up.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|I thought X-Men 2 would never be trumped in the series, but this one has become my favorite of the Xmen movies.  This movie takes a closer look at the origin of Magneto and Xavier, and how their relationship developed from best friends to arch enemies.  Fantastic acting, directing and the blu-ray quality is beeeaa-u-tiful.  I could do without a few of the side characters, but all in all, this is a fantastic movie that can definitely hold repeat viewing value...
B004SIP71M|5.0|Simply an awesome movie.  You can always count on Meryl Streep to  give Academy Award level performances in every movie!  Depending on your point of view, you will come to potentially different conclusions at the end of this movie.  Definitely a must see.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is great. If you gave a one star you have NO idea what your talking about. It is so addicting. DOWNLOAD NOW!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I bought this along with another one made by Case Crown. This, by far, is the nicer case.  It fits the Kindle Fire well and is compact.  I didn't want a case that would make the Kindle Fire bulky.  Also it is not flimsy like what some of the previous reviews said.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun to play on road trips! made my brother laugh!!! wont stop playing on the kindle and keeps me up late at night!
B005OTGS4E|2.0|Was really looking forward to this film. I like Sean Bean as an actor but unfortunately, he is what makes this film a 'dud' in my view. Its plot is somewhat similar to \\"The Heroes of Telemark\\" with allied commandos going into Norway to do damage against the Germans. Sadly, what this new film could use from THOT--is Kirk Douglas--a tough guy who makes no apologies for it! There is a scene before the men go on the mission where Sean Bean is telling his Wife he's going on the operation and she begins to yell at him and Sean 'cringes',and goes kind of 'whipped' on her that makes any scene where he acts 'tough' after that pretty hallow. The action scenes once the mission get going aren't bad--but they suffer from the modern 'shakey camera' technique used so often in films today which make it nearly impossible to tell what's going on. It seems to me modern directors need to go back and watch some of the classic War films to see how its done. Sometimes they do get it right. A recent War movie also dealing with Norway and the resistence is \\"Max Manus--Man of War\\" available on Amazon and a terrific, moving and well done WWII film I highly recommend. And if your stuck on Sean Bean, go back and watch \\"Bravo Two Zero\\", where he is great as an SAS soldier in Iraq.
B001KDQ4KQ|4.0|This is a great but difficult read. Wow, I am almost left speechless after experiencing the unfolding of this book. The layout for this book was fabulous causing me to sit on the edge of my sit, in shock and of awe of this book. Very gutsy topic I would say. I shed tears over this book. I've lived nothing even close to this in my life but my heart just went out to these young teenagers. If you can handle a roller coaster of emotions, sadness verses curiosity, then this is the book for you.
B005VPRF0M|5.0|First off, I'm a big LEGO fan and I've been after discontinued LEGO Batman products like a maniac, so you can imagine my excitement when I opened the latest edition of \\"LEGO Magazine\\" to find a comic strip advertising the return of Lego Batman products. I went nuts! Apparently, a lot of other people did too, because it was almost impossible to find in a store, bout I was finally able to get my hands on one: the 6863 set with the batman and the joker.    The batwing and joker's helicopter have both been simplified from the discontinued set 7782[[ASIN:B000E1U5FK LEGO Batman - The Batwing: The Joker's Aerial Assault]], but still retain much of its awesomeness. The batwing has two flick-fire missiles, x-wing style rear wings, and a dropping missile. The joker's helicopter has FOUR flick-fire missiles and a joker-gas bomb made from a repainted star wars astromech.    The batman minifigure is like none ever made before. He has a double faced head, one with his usual charming grimness, and the other with a kind of \\"I've gotcha now\\" kinda grin. The torso piece is also unique. It's black, has a black emblem, and a canvas belt print. It has a back print.    The Joker has, to say the least, improved. His face and grin (both of them, he is also double-faced) are more malicious and evil. His torso is more detailed (his vest is checkered). The joker's henchman is exclusive to this set(so far), he has a mask face based on the masks from the thugs in the \\"Dark Knight\\" movie. He has a back print with joker's face detail on it, and a robber cap.    Overall, this set is woth the money and the wait, but if you can't get ahold of one after tying for two weeks, buy it online.    Go LEGO!
B004EPYZP8|5.0|Great to have chosen to add a DVD to my Amazon purchases that provides an evening's solid entertainment at a reasonable price. Interesting to see the central character is played by an actor who shows he can play with surprising depth to his performance.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I tried several different Bible apps before trying Youversion. The others were ok and worked well but did not offer all the options and support that Youversion does. Thanks for an awesome app!
B005FITIGO|5.0|Interesting and entertaining movie. Purchase of this DVD gave us an evening's entertainment at very reasonable cost. Movie itself was well put together, informative and at reasonable price - worthwhile purchase.
B005LJITS0|4.0|I expected to hate this movie. Every preview, every glimpse of Reynolds hamming it up in the trailer, every bad review told me that DC had once again failed to truly get Green Lantern. And, having seen the movie, I can tell you that, yes, DC once again screwed up. But for all the movie's shortcomings, the underlying Green Lantern story shines through. It's such a powerful story, not even Reynold's overacting, the cheesey CGI or that godawful suit could destroy it.<br /><br />Yes, the flaws are many. Hal Jordan, for example, is introduced as a kind of irresponsible buffoon. I assume the filmmakers wanted to show that Hal was \\"only human,\\" full of flaws and able to evolve once he became a Green Lantern. But that gimmick betrays a defining principle of the GL story--that Jordan always strove to be a hero, even when he was just a test pilot. The ring made him a superhero. But it didn't give him his bravery or virtue. That's why the ring chose him.<br /><br />Another problem with the movie is the cartoonish CGI used to depict Oa and the GL Corps. The saddest victim of the cheesey CGI is the great Kilowog. He looks, moves and sounds here like a Disney character. Or, dare I say it, Jar Jar Binks...<br /><br />Then there is the suit--the weird CGI mask in particular. Truly, Ryan Reynolds really does look like Hal Jordan. But when that CGI mask is superimposed over his face, he acquires an off-putting resemblance to Ben Stiller. The suit has that odd shimmering CGI look, and the mask looks strangely flat like grease paint. Ben Stiller in a grease paint mask. It's hard to get over.<br /><br />I could go on. Really, I could go on and on about why this movie is a disaster. But despite all the flaws, I really enjoyed it. This is, after all, the Green Lantern story--Abin Sur, Ferris Aircraft, the big blue headed Guardians of the Universe. It's all there for the first time on the big screen, writ large, radiant and amazing despite its flaws.  If you've never cared much for GL, maybe this is a movie to skip. If you're a real fan, this is a story very much worth seeing. You'll be so frustrated by all it gets wrong, but you'll cheer for what it gets right.real fan, this is a story very much worth seeing. You'll be so frustrated by all it gets wrong, but you'll cheer for what it gets right.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. I have it on my cell phone and my kindle fire. I am director of Joshua Prison Ministry and an ordained minister, I use this daily.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Update: This game is my site's winner of the Best Overall Kindle Fire Game!<br />-------<br />From just looking at the pictures I couldn't tell what the exact nature of this puzzle was but after all the reviews I decided to buy it and give it a try. Now I'm hooked. I love how you just have to swipe the screen in the direction you want the raindrop to move, although I didn't realize at first that you don't have to actually be touching the drop, but can swipe the direction from anywhere on the screen. Works great on my Kindle Fire. -Rachel (LoveMyFire)
B005F6NA56|2.0|Feist's last two records were really enjoyable gems, with engaging melodies, original lyrics, and beautiful arrangements. Each song on METALS is missing something. Usually a track will have original lyrics and beautiful arrangements, but overall it lacks the engaging melodies. I'm going to quickly describe every track and my initial reaction to what is now my fifth listen. I wanted very much to like this record, and I've finally decided it's no good.  The Bad In Each Other opens up with something interesting, unfortunately the lyrics and concept are pretty unoriginal. A man and woman bring out the worst in each other? I've never heard of such a thing! The instrumentation is cool, but I'm left feeling that while a decent track, I really hope the next one takes it up a notch.  Unfortunately Graveyard was the first song (and so early in the record!) that I had to skip. Really it's the first Feist song I've ever heard that really irked me. It's supposed to be cute, but it comes off as trite. \\"Bring them all back to life\\"... what a great idea. And too easy of a melody. Too obvious. This is trying to be dark and dramatic and it's -NOT-INTERESTING-. In fact, I want to bury her there.  Caught A Long Wind is a nice song. Now that I'm a few songs past it, I can't really tell you much about it though. Too bad. Thought maybe there was something memorable here for a second. How Come You Never Go There is simply annoying; if you can imagine someone singing \\"How-Come-YouNever-GoThere How-Come-I'mSo-AloneHere\\" in a BARELY interesting-enough melody, you can imagine the song and there's not much more to it. As far as \\"doing something different\\" which clearly was her aim here, A Commotion succeeds in conveying and maintaining a tension with intense strings and lyrics to match. It's decent. It's dark without being forced. Yay! Easily the best song I've heard so far, even the startling male chanting sort of fits in the mix.  The Circle Married The Line is OK enough. But that's it. Bittersweet Melodies is absolutely tediously boring. Anti-Pioneer takes us beyond boring and even beyond pointless. It tries so hard it almost destroys the entire album. On her last record, THE REMINDER, \\"The Water\\" was quiet and sparse, had beautiful poetry and a heartfelt melody, on \\"Anti-Pioneer\\" she's quiet and sparse, but the lyrics are dull, the melody is uninspired and the arrangement is a desperate attempt to be dynamic and climactic. Most disappointing track on the album, and probably the most disappointing track of the year. Sad face.  The rest of the album is more of the same. Sort of interesting, but not memorable enough. Undiscovered First is not terrible but it's still boring. It comes close to being great at points, but I think it's mired in the middle of an album that has sounded desperate to engage me and failed at every turn, so it winds up getting lost. On second thought, it even gets lost in itself when toward the end there's unnecessarily complex arrangements and even more unnecessary choir singing. Sigh, I almost liked that one! Cicadas and Gulls is pretty. But do I have to hear it again? No, never...Comfort Me is an enjoyable song at first as well, seems like a rough cut, which is cool, and her voice sounds great. Maybe this is a good song? Oh great, half-way through the song she needs a choir to sing a bunch of \\"ooh-ooh-oohs\\" and \\"hee-hee-hees\\" and \\"na-na-na-na-na\\" and THERE'S NO REASON FOR IT. I don't know what this song is about! AND I DON'T CARE. I will never listen to this one again. Next!  And here we are at the end of the record. Get It Wrong, Get It Right immediately has an engaging guitar melody, and her voice is gorgeous and I immediately feel bad about everything I just felt/said. But the album isn't good if it's left me feeling bad even when I'm hearing something good.  Come back in a few years with something you don't have to force, Feist. I'll be interested to hear it.
B003XREL98|1.0|A great book, but this version is marred by far too many typographical errors; moreover (and what's worse), entire sections are missing!
1904994679|5.0|The book was intended as a gifrt to my granddaughter.  She was absolutely delighted with it !!  Amazon was also quick tro send it.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|A great time killer. Fun old school game thats lots of fun and works perfectly on galaxy s 4g. Give it a try
0439023491|5.0|A MUST READ!!!! GET THE SERIES... HOOKED FROM THE START!<br />i wasnt sure since it is a teen book,,, but who cares?!!<br />loved the series,,, cant wait for the first movie coming in march or may of 2012
B005G0YP3M|5.0|While I noted in my review of the remastered Gentle Giant 'Three Friends' that it is a sentimental favorite, 'Octopus' was an album that quickly grew on me, vying with and eventually surpassing Three Friends as a go-to album for a Gentle Giant fix. (Then again, perhaps it was just the amazing Roger Dean artwork on the cover, which has, thankfully, been reproduced for this release!)  As I also noted in my review of the remastered 'Three Friends', I do sometimes hear in the remastered 'Octopus' what seem to be new elements (elements that I don't necessarily recall having heard in the vinyl pressing, like instruments or vocal parts that may have been there before but are now more forward in the mix), but they do not seem to me to be as obvious or numerous as those I seemed to notice in the remastered 'Three Friends'. And again, while I do occasionally find myself hearing something \\"new\\" in the 'Octopus' mix and thinking \\"now /that's/ different!\\" I am more certain with 'Octopus' (than I was with 'Three Friends') that I /won't/ miss the original mix ... in the case of the remastered 'Octopus', I do feel much more certain that the new mastering is truly more satisfying and that I'll get used to and appreciate it more than any attachment I may have to variations in the original mix.  While I am certain that listeners who know 'Octopus' will have some similar responses to perceived \\"new elements\\", I expect most of those listeners will respond very favorably. The remastered 'Octopus' still benefits from an overall *clarity* over the original vinyl mix (and earlier cd releases), and though these may be less apparent than in the newly remastered 'Three Friends', I had never had the same impression of \\"density\\" with 'Octopus' as I did with 'Three Friends' in the first place. Nonetheless, if you already have a cd pressing of 'Octopus' and are considering whether to purchase the new remaster, I can say that it certainly benefits overall from an improved clarity that, once again,allows these compositions to open up ... not to mention that, with one of the Shulmans on hand during the remastering, you can be more sure that this is how the artists intended it to be heard.  Of course, if if you've never heard 'Octopus' before (or Gentle Giant in general), and have even a passing interest in challenging progressive rock music with intricate vocal arrangements and shifting time signatures you should simply make this purchase. ;-)
0439023513|5.0|A MUST READ!!!! GET THE SERIES... HOOKED FROM THE START!  i wasnt sure since it is a teen book,,, but who cares?!!  loved the series,,, cant wait for the first movie coming in march or may of 2012
B005G0YP3C|5.0|This happens to be a sentimental favorite (in that it was the album that introduced me to Gentle Giant), so the fact that I thoroughly enjoyed this cd may seem to make this a biased review. However, I also freely admit that -- to my ear -- when I hear what seem to be new elements (elements that I don't necessarily recall having heard in the vinyl pressing, like instruments or vocal parts that may have been there before but are now more forward in the mix) I do find myself thinking \\"now /that's/ not right!\\"  So I sometimes ask myself, as I hear these \\"new\\" elements: do I miss the original just because of that sentimental attachment to what I /expect/ to hear, or do the new elements truly add something more satisfying -- something I'll eventually get used to and appreciate more?  Some listeners may have similar reactions, and the response to these \\"new elements\\" may be immediate, or they may be eventual. However, one thing I can say universally that I feel is a \\"big positive\\" of the new remaster: overall *clarity*. I often felt there was a \\"murkiness\\" or density to the mix in the vinyl that made it difficult at times to be clearly distinguish component parts, and with this new remaster that veil seems to me to have been lifted, allowing these beautiful and engaging compositions to be better heard and appreciated.  I do miss the artwork from the vinyl edition I had, and wish a version of that had at least been included as part of an insert ... But I've kept the old version in my collection for that exact reason. ;-)
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun games to play and relax!!! nice way to unwind after a long day at work. would suggest to anyone
B004O3YGMC|5.0|My Droid Incredible works perfectly. I can even watch videos and live tv over 3g. I got it free but its worth paying for.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I enjoy this App a lot. It works great in my kindle fire. I have not run into any issues.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great to waste time with. graphics are arcade style but its good for a free app. I'm not very far into it but the games seem easy
B00006GEB4|5.0|My red vinyl copy arrived in great condition and sounds incredible on my modest setup. So much better than the cd version.  My \\"new\\" favorite record again.  To avoid any worry about a slight warp on any record, grab a red-o-dek center weight and enjoy.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|This games STINKS! Stinks with a capital S! STINKS STINKS STINKS. I gave it a try and and the games are stupid, and I'm eleven. They tried to make it sound cool by putting, 101games, how about 101 HORRIBLE games. That's what it deserves.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Love this game, it's really addicting though, I'd. complete one puzzle and thought just one more,  but I found myself playing for over an hour before I knew it.
B003ITZBVI|5.0|This is an excellent movie with a great storyline! It is one of DC's best comic movies yet. Action packed and exciting!
B0062NAX1U|5.0|For those who have not experienced deep loss, this movie might not seem realistic.  However I found this movie deeply real.  It portrays how loss can change you for the good or for the bad.  It also shows the deep need our society needs for fathers who are involved in their children's lives.  It is a movie that shows that for our every action there are consequences that don't go away.  A father who is a cop, who misses much of their children's lives due to his job, comes to realize that there is more to being a dad then just providing when he looses his little girl to a car accident.  From this loss we see how the family changes, how the family sees all they could have done better... but they don't remain stuck in this hopeless sorrow and depression, the father has what I call an awakening.  He writes down several Resolutions causing his friends on the police force to join him on this commitment to be better fathers.  From this we see how it affects their jobs and community.  We see how they are faced with choices that tempt them to compromise.  I loved this movie so much and I highly recommend it for those who want to make a difference in their kids lives and also in the lives of the fatherless as mentours.  Some would say this is a religious movie...yes it is a Christian movie, however even if you are not Christian you will be motivated to do better for your family that deserve your absolute best.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|Another great action flick in the series. You've got to see it on a large screen on Blu-ray to get the full effect, in my eyes. Enjoy!
B001CTDH76|4.0|I have always loved crime shows and I can say this is one of the best.  Most detective shows are so grim and gorry that they leave you depressed.  Not so with The Mentalist, though it has gorry crime scenes and there are heartbreaking mysteries to solve, this show incorporates humor to lighten the mood at all the right spots.  I would say this show is similar to Lie to Me because of Jane Patrik who is a man who is good at reading body language, facial expressions etc to tell when someone is lying.  He is a person who used to pretend to be a phsychic but when his wife and daughter are brutally murdered by Red John he walks away from that life convinced that there are no such thing as phsychics because he himself was a fraud.  It is a show that keeps me wanting to go on to the next episode and see what Jane will do next.  However I will say that it is a bit unrealistic as to how easily he solves the crimes with almost no help from his collegues.  Still, it is a show worth watching.
B0063GORYU|5.0|hay for this app it is teat fun! you should give it a try! today if not sooner. I mean it!
B006ZBRMOU|3.0|It's a semi-good ending to the Trilogy, but I was expecting something...more. It was anti-climactic in my opinion while the grammar and spelling got on my nerves. Considering that this was professionally edited, I expected the editors to have seen those mistakes. There was one sentence where the narrator says something along the lines of: \\"I'd would...\\" Do you see what is wrong with the beginning of that sentence? I literally had to stop myself from reading and correct all of the mistakes throughout the whole story because I could not understand what was going on in the excerpt.  As for the plot, I felt as if the author just went around in circles and ran out of ideas to incorporate into the story. We were given the same scenario in different levels over and over again. Anna does something that needs punishing, Grey punishes her, etc. etc. Even the suspense part of this story was not all that to be hyped up about. I found myself quickly skimming through many of the descriptions just to move on from the chapters compared to when I slowed my reading just so I wouldn't finish quickly with the other two stories (Fifty Shades of Grey and Fifty Shades Darker).  This book just did not go up to my expectations. I'm thoroughly disappointed. However, in some sick twisted way, I don't regret spending $10 on the kindle version. There were many loose ends that were not resolved at the end of the story. Ms. James should have written more about Fifty's issues with his past, with Jack Hyde, with his birth-mother, his relationship with Anna, etc.  This story just fell short of what I was expecting. I feel like there's a huge chunk still missing from the story--things left unsolved.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love that I am able to read and listen to recordings from different texts.  I can easily find verses just by typing in partial text.  Reading the Bible with You Version is fun, fast, and fabulous!  I recommend it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is highly addictive and I found it to be very fun and progressively gets harder haha that's about it
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun games to pass the time. kids (ages 8 &amp; 10) love to play it as well.  would recommend to anyone.
B005LAIGGY|5.0|Oskar Schell (Thomas Horn) shares an incredibly close relationship with his father, Thomas Schell (Tom Hanks). Oskar is an extraordinary child who has some very particular social quirks. His list is rather extensive and it's revealed that he was once tested for Asperger's Syndrome. However, Thomas Schell spends a great amount of time with his son and does everything he can to help him overcome his fears. However, on September 11, 2001 as the world changes forever, tragically so does the life of Oskar and his mother, Linda (Sandra Bullock), as Thomas was in the second tower of the World Trade Center when it fell. Linda attempts to move on with life, but Oskar refuses to move forward. A year later, he accidently destroys a blue vase while rummaging through his father's closet and discovers a key in an envelope simply marked \\"Black\\". Thomas constantly played games with Oskar and led him on journeys around the city, hiding clues and prizes in the most unexpected places. Oskar is convinced the key is a gift left behind by his father to send him on one last adventure. Determined to find the door the key unlocks, Oskar begins a systematic search of the city, trying to locate the person with the last name \\"Black\\" who will be able to help him solve the mystery. Along the way, Oskar becomes acquainted with a man his grandmother has been renting a room to. The man seems to have no name and is simply known as \\"The Renter\\" (Max Von Sydow). The Renter is a survivor of WWII and reminds Oskar of his father. The two become unlikely companions and friends as they search the city to unravel the mystery of the key.<br /><br />EXTREMELY LOUD AND INCREDIBLY CLOSE is based upon a 2005 novel by Jonathan Foer. I've not read the novel, so I can't compare the movie to the book.<br /><br />The movie is an extremely moving piece of cinema. It goes to places that the audience might not suspect. The movie has a satisfying ending, but it's not necessarily a happy one. Like life, Oskar's journey doesn't turn out exactly as he had hoped. However, like all journeys, it changes his life forever.<br /><br />The acting in EXTREMELY LOUD AND INCREDIBLY CLOSE is amazing. Tom Hanks plays a small, but important role. Newcomer Thomas Horn is so powerful that it's difficult to believe this is the first time he's ever acted on film before. Sandra Bullock has a strong supporting role that is worthy of a Best Supporting Actress nomination. Max Von Sydow speaks no lines, but his eyes speak more and convey more emotion than the most well trained politician. John Goodman has what is basically a cameo as Stan the Doorman, but it's always a joy to watch Goodman perform, even in a role such as this. There are numerous smaller roles in the various Blacks that Oskar meets. Most of these characters are only on screen for a few brief moments but each of them ground their scenes in realism. EXTREMELY LOUD AND INCREDIBLY CLOSE is a good movie that is made great by the acting performances. If for no other reason, it's worth watching for the acting alone.<br /><br />EXTREMELY LOUD AND INCREDIBLY CLOSE is a very emotional movie. For Americans, particularly those who lived and worked in New York on September 11, 2001, it will probably have a different kind of reaction. However, though the story is told through the lens of September 11th, the film is really a story about a young man coming to grips with the unexpected death of his father. It's a film that will probably resonate with anyone who has lost a parent they were close to. I cried several times and the film really made me think about my own Dad and his untimely death.  I left the theatre thinking about many of the memories I have of my Dad. It made me a little sad, but very grateful. In the future, I'm sure that EXTREMELY LOUD AND INCREDIBLY CLOSE is a movie I'll watch whenever I'm sad and thinking about my Dad because I know that though it might cause a few tears, it'll cheer me up in the end and, like Thomas Schell and my own father, encourage me to not stop looking for whatever adventure life holds.r whatever adventure life holds.
B000JQU1VS|5.0|Fantastic classic mystery thrillers. If you've not read them yet. You're in for a real treat! Highly recommend them. Timeless!
B005F96URI|5.0|I don't know where this movie came from, but WOW it's a lot of fun.  Wasn't sure what to make of it at first, but it's got cross genre style, and enough action to to keep you glued to it.  It's worth a viewing or two.  It's not quite like anything you've seen before.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Amazingly fast and easy to use. Now I can get full functionality all my Office programs on my kindle.  when needed plus all docs and spread sheets as well.
B004SUWR2C|1.0|I know how to play unowned, but what is with these random chalanges and jump-in crap? If you know what it all is then good for you! I'm not happy with this :(
B004TJ1H3C|3.0|this is only for diehard fans of the stargate series (sg1 and atlantis). the formula was changed in this show and it lost its light hearted appeal (which was a key theme of sg1 and atlantis). the theme is more depressing and the characters are more flawed and real which over-dramatises this show.  i only give it 3 stars because it pales in comparison to the original stargate show. if i did not have such a great reference point to compare it to i may have chosen to give it a higer score. i think some fans of stargate would still like this because they get a continued fix but others may not (which may be why it was cancelled relatively quickly compared to sg-1 and atlantis)
B005T87QCI|3.0|so this app is the greatest but it can use some more robots like Zeus or the one in the app pic (sorry I forgot his name) and some of the advance league robots. And in this other review he/she said we should make our own robots, I agree we should, other then that  its a preety good app.
B005CP5OAO|1.0|BUYER BEWARE  I BOUGHT THIS THINKING IT WOULD BE A DSD REMASTER of the original RCA Gold Seal issue only to find it is not from Sony BMG but from IMP and is, of all things an lp transfer and amateuerish at that-needle surface noise intact-  What a rip-off!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its great and fun too.its cool its easy and you have have to pay with your real money its great for kids
B002MQYOFW|2.0|Assuming most will want to read the trilogy my summary view is it should have been one book.  Book two was a waste of time,  it was a repeat of book 1.  The plot line was repetitive. Post apocalyptic setting.  Emotionally tortured girl is involved in a pursuit, girl gets hurt, girl has moody recovery then does it again and again and again.  While I was reading it it was okay but at the end it felt like an hour on the treadmill.
B006P0FD4W|3.0|I'm not sure if it's just because this series is getting tired or if maybe I was, but this edition didn't quite have the fear factor of the others.  At the same time, the idea while no longer unique has a certain dread about it that most of us can appreciate.  This is a prequel to the first two and goes back to 1988 when sisters Katie (PA 1) and Kristi (PA 2) were young girls and get their first haunted house experience...thanks a lot grandma!<br /><br />We get to see the events as their father-like boyfriend of mom and  photographer (Christopher Nicholas Smith) uses a couple cameras to video tape (yes VHS) events inside their house.  Dennis (Smith) is a professional in that his primary source of income is shooting wedding videos.  I don't think mom works so I'm not sure how they can afford such a nice house, but we also don't know where the real father is either.  I digress.<br /><br />PA 3 does have an innovative idea that really works.  Dennis mounts the camera on a rotating fan so that he can pan across the kitchen into the dining room and foyer.  This trick amps up the suspense and anticipation as we get to see what may or may not be coming.  And while there are the usual \\"jump out/gotcha\\" scenes as well as the \\"fake\\" ones that usually involve a cat, there is one in particular shot in the kitchen that will get your heart racing.  Still, this movie doesn't quite measure up to the others.  Maybe it's just the old video tape vs. digital.
B005GFPZYK|3.0|First off, I'm not trying to judge Kyle. In fact, I wished I could personally shake his hand in appreciation for his service to America.   That being said, the reasons I bought his book were to support this man as a Christian brother, to support him as a military vet who sacrificed for his family and friends, for his fellow countrymen, and to learn more about special ops in this area of the world.   What I didn't like was to read that Kyle was a Christian raised in a Christian home, and seeing how he must have just tossed all that aside when his boots hit the dirt in this God forsaken land he went to fight in. I really thought I'd read about how he fell back on his faith in God to make through the long days and nights on the B.F. I finally stopped reading before I got halfway through the book at a point where he was telling of how at one point they had nothing else to do, so he played video games and watched porn.   As I read through the book, the language got progressively worse. I don't think a Christian who knows his brother and sister Christians are reading his book need to have all that colorful talk included to get the point. (Don't get me wrong. I know how many people in the military talk; I have two US Marines in my immediate family and I work with many who currently serve and have served in the past.)  Another thing I didn't care for was to read how single handedly he rescued others with bullets flying and bombs exploding. If this was exagerated or not is a moot point, praise should have been given to God for watching his six as he stepped into harms way to drag a downed Marine to safety when other Marines wouldn't (yeah, right.)   Kyle also said he would trade weapons with others. Every designated marksman I've ever run across would never let anyone else handle their rifle, much less let it out of their sight. That really doesn't matter here though, as there are deeper concerns here I'd like people to think about.   Well, to sum it up now, I think I couldhave read the whole book and enjoyed it had Kyle never mentioned his faith, God, or any reference to God. (The only thing I read that gave God credit was how He blew a bullet to a distant target.) It just bothered me as it's written because we as Christians should be able to hold our heads a little higher and be above our worldly surroundings. We should also be able to be in this world; not of it.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its ok some games good some terrible but its ok overall its free so just get it no harm there
B00475BUVM|2.0|I recently purchased a 3d tv/home entertainment system combo and have been impressed by the movies I've seen so far. I received Clash of the Titans as a Christmas gift and was looking forward to seeing a 3d remake of a classic film. Even with all the modern technology that this movie utilizes, I'm sad to say that it still doesn't come close to matching the quality and viewing experience of the original. Like some of the other reviewers have said, the plot of this new film is inacurate and feeble. And as to the \\"3d ness\\" of the film, it's unimpressive. My wife and I had a couple over to show off our new system and I found myself apologizing to them after the movie was over. So, in conclusion, I would recommend passing on this fim and opting on buying the original.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|so addicting! been playing for.a week straight got Mme through a long flight! cant stop playing! love it a lot.
B005ZUR724|4.0|As I have learned more about Gameloft's operational structure, I'm beginning to understand there is a direct correlation between 99% of the complaints by end users, and Gameloft's QA, customer support, and tech support. I give Gameloft a 1 out of 5 for this area, and the developers (who have very little to no interaction with the afformentioned departments) who are the only reason Gameloft exists today (yet is quickly failing due to the afformentioned departments), I will give a 5 out of 5 for their vision and quality execution in this relatively new tablet game space medium.  Gameloft needs to desperately fix their utterly broken ops business arm.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|It is exactly what it says it is: 101achieveable games. Good way to pass time and they're actually fun. Love this app!
B006OFN0BQ|5.0|This is a wise, mournful profound masterpiece from Clint Eastwood. Easily his most ambitious project, it is a sweeping historical epic balanced by an achingly intimate portrait of two men.A great movie that demands multiple viewing to appreciate the layers of meaning, incident and complexity.A mature, intelligent film for a mature intelligent audience.......
B006LRUVUA|5.0|app works great allows full control of computer. easiest way to remote desktop quickly without having to use two computers. all in all a must have for someone looking to cheack thier computer remotely
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I &lt;3 this game it is the BEST!!!!!!! there are so many which make it fun rather than spending $
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I think its cool and its really cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool ccooll cool cool
B005UKJX4E|1.0|I am sorry, just my two cents, but this was the worst movie I have ever seen.  Three of us watched it though in its entirety and got absolutely nothing out of it, other than the quick one second in the beginning about grace vs. nature and the brief ending of love.  Beyond that, just stupid.  If I could rate this as a 0, I would.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|What a great story! I have always been a fan of post apocalyptic movies but I had never read a book on the subject. I found this to be such a unique idea, but also reminded me of a short story I read in high school called The Lottery, which has always fascinated me. I found the book distrubing(in a good way) with the idea of only one being able to survive the games. The main character was not my favorite as she made choices that angered me but she was interesting.
B0063GORYU|5.0|good game and easy to play on kindle fire. Great free app. Can tap or slide to move cards makes it even better.
B002ZG99TA|2.0|I wish I had watched this one before I showed it to my kids.  All in all an adequate show.  The profanity though brings what would have been 3 to 3.5 stars to two stars.  Sorry, I just don't need it (neither the movie nor the profanity).
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really enjoy this game and I win a lot, which is a bonus! I would definitely recommend it to other Kindle Fire users!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like it I am Into it its pretty cool to play with it I just got it and I cant get off of it
B006OOHYIC|5.0|This game is one of the best I've played. It always works correctly and some are pretty challenging. definitely recommend. this game.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I love using this app on the go. Sometimes a passage comes to mind and I can have it at my fingertips in 10 seconds.
0446585025|1.0|Ugh! I must start by saying I ABSOLUTELY love Ellen, have since her early years. It hurts me to give this book a 1 Star Rating, but its the cold, hard facts! This is only the third book I've read of hers, but wow, oh wow is it disappointing! I LOVED the other two I read! But this has no point, no flow, no... Nothing! There are a few, and i mean FEW, moments where I giggled or chuckled aloud... But honestly, I was SO excited for this book, and it was a huge let down! Buy it if you must, but it is disappointing!
0955153077|5.0|Do you want to Paint Digitally on Adobe Photoshop CS to CS5? Buy this book! I learn new things in the first few pages of the book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun game for passing short amounts of time. some of the games are pretty addictive. good free app. I usually use sudoku to get enough points to unlock the next game.
B004LAIU4I|5.0|Paul Simon's music has a warmth, a musicality and a sound that is unique to him. His music resonates in to-day's world. This new record is enjoyable, thought provoking and very musical.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I read many reviews and finally settled on this item. It is beautiful and fits my kindle perfectly. It keeps it safe and secure.  It also closes perfectly, and stands up as descried. I am very happy in my choice.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|its a great app, use daily for devotionals.  Would recommend to everyone.  Thank you.  abc def ghi jkl mno pqr stu
B005DD7H50|2.0|I love the actors in this, but couldn't finish the movie.  I tried twice and each time got bored.  I really wanted to like it, it sounded like a good idea, but wasn't very well done in my opinion.
B005PK5C12|3.0|I've watched five or six episodes of this show. It looks like it could be brilliant -- almost like a modern day Shining -- but it has an awfully slow pace.  It is definitely disturbing, and I would not recommend letting children watch it. It is provocative and would probably give couples watching it something to talk about afterward.  From a literary perspective, the show is fascinating. After all, it is a horror show that is set in America or is it story that is horrifying in terms of American cultural values? I'd say it is both. Many of themes directly attack the things that are the most cherished in conventional society: fidelity, the family, and convention. The horrorific episodes echo our psychological horrors - fear of betrayal, fear of the alien, fear of the changeling, which is perhaps a metaphor for fear of our own children or fear of unwittingly supporting another's child.
B0038P59A0|1.0|I got this when the price dropped and didnt finish it.  It was pretty boring, not very well done, and I wasnt impressed. I love the two actors in it, but they were disappointing.
B005OP71GC|5.0|Revenge is my family's FAVORITE show all week!!  We can hardly wait for Wednesday nights on ABC at 9:00 PM, so we can see another episode!  When I first heard about Revenge, I honestly didn't see how a series could be made of it, but boy was I WRONG!!  The cast is awesome, as are the storylines. Trust me, you won't be sorry you watched this show. It 'might' be a tad hard to understand everything that is going on, if you haven't watched it from the beginning, but when it does come out on DVD, buy it, as you will be glad you did.  It isn't just the run of the mill story line by any means.....and as for being out on DVD, I don't think the first season is even over yet, so the person griping about it not being for sale yet, shows not only their ignorance, but also shows how intensely viewers want to watch it again.  I record it each week.
B006O5Y0SS|4.0|I liked this, but probably wouldnt watch it again.  I like the actors in it so watched it without reading about the plot first.  I really loved the old scenes, I thought they were really well done and although it wasn't funny, I enjoyed the plot.
B005V20JKI|4.0|I got this as a faotd awhile back. a friend bought it on the android market.  he has a different level, and the yeti character.  I don't know why the developer is not providing Amazon with updates.  if they don't want to do it because they lost money on faotd, that is their own fault for selling their soul.  other than that, it is a great game.
B0064J6OMO|3.0|Was ok.  Got it when the price dropped.  Laughed a few times, cringed a few others.  Definitely not for the kids.  Overall, expected better from the two main actors, but I did laugh a few times.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is amazing and addicting. its awesome because it has a variety of games that you will enjoy and it can also help uoi with everyday activities.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is a lot of fun. too many points for some of the games but I like unlocking them.
B004MC8CA2|3.0|This app needs to be independent of wifi The Bible will not load such as at church without it, otherwise it works great.  (kindle fire platform)
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Simply put, this is the best app for getting closer to the Lord through the bible.  This app helps get as much out of your reading as possible.  And they are always working to improve it.  God has touched these people and we get the benefit.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This works very well, I have an Acer Iconia and can actually have Windows 7 with me when needed. I can access all my music and pics as well as turn on webcam and see what's going on. Bought HD version.
B000HEWEEY|5.0|[[ASIN:B000HEWEEY Forbidden Planet (Ultimate Collector's Edition)]]The psycological contents (Freuds psychoanalysis inspiration)and the implicit pessimistic vision about the future (the end of Krell civilization), put this movie on the top of Sci Fi, in my opinion. The special effects are very good (considering 1950s), exception Id monster, looks like childish animation.
B0011UGLK6|5.0|I thought Unaccustomed Earth was a beautiful collection of short stories. As an author I can appreciate the contemporary rich human texture in these varied stories.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0066PQSJA Writer Interruptus and Other Stories]]
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Fun to play. I'm obsessed, but the games are okay...some are.good and easy.  But some are bad and hard. Get this Game!
0321811984|5.0|This is a repeat purchase!...I have given away three copies as a way of emphasising the need to be aware of design in presentations.<br />Excellent examples and explanation of the philosophy behind Garr Reynold's approach.<br />Revealing, illuminating...this can be a epiphany/sea change moment for those in the field giving regular briefings and presentations.<br />Cannot be too highly recommended.<br />Closely associated are Presentationzen by design and Slide:ology and Resonance<br />A package by Amazon would be a great idea!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|hey!!!!! I love thhis app ha ha! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This is so addicting, I've tried several games and I usually uninstall them after a few min but this one made the cut, I got it on the free app of the day when the Amazon appstore was pretty new.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Easy and relaxing pastime.  One click moves.  Options allow more or less challenging games. Easy play and visibility on my kindle fire or my phone.
B000FS5642|5.0|i purchased this album as a gift. My daughter's boyfriend requested this exact item and this was the perfect price. It arrived promptly and was in perfect condition. I made a great purchase at a great price and got brownie points at the same time.
B00005U122|5.0|My former room mate went to a Roger Waters concert in Portland Oregon on June 27th 2000. She purchased this DVD and to our surprise the DVD intro had on the bottom of the screen \\"Rose Garden Arena Portland Oregon June 27th 2000\\". This was the concert she went to see live, the sound quailty is crystal clear as well as the picture. I recomend anyone that enjoys listening to Roger Waters to get this DVD.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|This was a really good movie.  I have to admit that I was expecting something along the lines of the Tim Burton remake, but they really did a good job establishing how the Planet of the Apes started - and Caesar was off the hook!  Good movie!
0385342039|4.0|Easy read, and I didn't want to put it down. Such a fun book. Is it the most amazing book ever? No, but it's worth reading.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|I bought this movie for my daughter. She loves it and watches it when she has friends sleep over. Fun family movie.
B0040JHLFY|5.0|These shoes fit well and arrived quickly.  This is the 4th pair my son has worn.  These are sturdy comfortable running shoes.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|My dad and I love this game. Sometimes when we're watching TV, I'll play Angry Birds, or another game, on my kindle fire. But one time, when I was watching TV, HE was playing Angry Birds on my kindle fire.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|It is free and much longer then the apple store free version. I have never had problems with it either.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|Playing on kindle fire.  Controls feel sluggish, many of the games are bland.  Unlock requirements are too high. I'd look for other games instead of wasting time replaying these droll offerings.
1451627289|4.0|I enjoyed this book. However, it started out good and exciting, but lost my attention in the middle. In my opinion the story is too long. Stephen King should have set the story closer to 1963. I enjoyed the love story, but I hoped for a better ending. I would've liked to see how someone from prejudice 1963 would cope in 2011. But overall the story was fairly good.
B0070DOHQS|5.0|I have been using this app for the last few months on my iphone and ipad. Finally there is a version for my droid.  I can't tell you how many times this app has saved my day by letting me remote into my home computer. Few weeks back I was travelling internationally and forgot to put a file i needed in my drop box. I used jump desktop to remote into my computer on my phone and put the file in the drop box folder.  Great app, easy to use, a must for every smartphone.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|Loved,loved,loved this DVD.  Adele is totally awesome.  Little surprised by the language but it  was in good humor and who hasn't dropped the F word from time to time?  Enjoyed hearing how the songs were written and what was going on in her life at the time.  All I can say, if you like Adele and who doesn't?  Get this DVD, then you will love her even more!!!  I just hope she doesn't burn her candle out too soon.  She is a young lady who has soooo much talent and deserves a long healthy life.
B00004RJ71|5.0|Love this movie. Great commentary on L.A. life and complex racial issues the city faces.If you live or grew up in Los Angeles, this is a must-see film.
B000BTC5LW|5.0|I bought this dvd for my husband and he loves it.  Fantastic light show and sound.  Highly recommend if you are a Pink Floyd fan.
B005K17RU0|4.0|This app has a great interface, complete with all the details you need.  This is a solid weather application that is easy to read.
B00095NX9G|5.0|Serpentine is a really thorough technique and choreo DVD! Exactly what I was looking for, especially if you've danced a bit already! There's so much info in here you really get your money's worth and who doesn't <3 Rachel Brice?!
0446573019|3.0|First of all, I am tired of reading about the Lee Child book.  This is a review of a David Baldacci book, people.  Secondly, this book was okay but seriously dragged during the middle of the story.  The author would have made a more readable and plausible story if he had just stuck with the murder mystery and nor all the bomb stuff.  That was boring and unbelievable.  I liked Puller, but he was sort of like Superman in that he never seemed to get hurt and was always better and more lethal than the other guy.  Lastly, the lead female character shouldn't have met the fate that she did.  Wow, that came out of left field and I was truly shocked and hurt.  Shame on you, David.  I could tell the author was setting us up for another Puller novel.  Maybe another novel would explain some important things like:  what did John's brother do to be imprisoned for lift for treason and what was the background of the relationship between John, his brother and their father?  The lack of this information was really glaring.  I feel bad for the cat that was left at the motel.  The author could at least have had someone adopt the poor thing which probably died of starvation.  Cruelty to animals!!!
B005XQLBU4|4.0|it's a worthy missile command clone. I like the upgrades.  the game takes awhile before gets difficult. brings back memories.
0439023513|5.0|All 3 of these books were one of the best books that I've read in a while. I read everyday and it took a minute to find a book to capture my full attention.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is really fun! I have been playing this game for days and still only have a few of the games unlocked. I can't wait to see what other games there are to unlock!
B000HIVIOW|4.0|The 4 star rating isn't because of the quality of the film-- it is up there with Charlie Brown and The Grinch-- but if you are going to buy it, make sure you get the ORIGINAL version with Raymond Briggs narrating the introduction in a scene which magically shifts from present day to the animated scene of fields and snow, while Briggs continues to narrate. It is an absolute travesty that someone thought it was necessary to insert a ridiculous Bowie in the attic. Even if you have to get VHS, get the 1982 version.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this book! I could always remember where I left off and it really is an action & adventure story but also has some mystery and even a light love story mixed in.  At first, and from the description, I though it may solely be focused on a post-apocalyptic/post-war destroyed world but the book built around it and was able to developed the story line from that point. I was concerned the story would only be based on that but the story build from it. There is great character development and good history that helps show their motivation throughout the book. It was much more than just staying alive in the games.  I finished book one tonight and I'm already on book two. In a way this is like a modern, updated George Orwell Nineteen Eighty-Four, but of course with brutal violence and what being left of the United States barley able to limp along to let it's citizens survive.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|I had this on my previous phone and it was a great game, that I couldn't put down when I started playing. I haven't managed to get through two levels on the Galaxy Nexus before the game locks up though.
B004TI5N38|4.0|I thought the book was very good and one of the best from Baldacci in some time.  I enjoyed his character development and the character himself was excellent.  The author has a lot of places to go with his male lead if he chooses to do it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Such a great game especially if you want something to pass the time. Also very addicting. Its a Good thing it has many games too.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|The Hunger Games is set in a future where the Earth has been rvised by environmental catastrophes. North America, the only area of focus in the book so we do not know if anyone anywhere else has survived, is broken up into thirteen districts and a Capital.  Each district is responsible for supplying the Capital with a different resource, district 12 mines coal, district 11 harvests food, and so on.  Those in the districts live poor hard lives with little to no food, poor housing, hard working conditions and no time for idle play. Those in the Capital lead extravagant lives filled with plenty of food, the luxury of fine clothes and insane, over the top appearances.  The Capital controls each district and punishes those that do not follow the law.  As a reminder of a botched uprising that took place 74 years ago the Capital holds every year a gladiator type battle to the death between a selected boy and girl from each district.  Just like the ancient Romans, the citizens living in the Capital view the games as a form of entertainment, they see nothing wrong with children murdering each other in an effort to survive.  The children are brought to the Capital, dressed up, put on show, and paraded around, then thrown into an arena with only the clothes provided them and the knowledge they have.  The games are televised across the districts and made mandatory to watch.  The Hunger games follows the story of Katniss Everdeen and her battle to survive.  Unlike some of the other contenders, Katniss has the ability to hunt, something she learned from her father who died when she was a young child.  Because she was forced to provided for her remaining mother and younger sister, Katniss knows how to live off the land.  Little does she know that her actions will affect a future rebellion to which she becomes the face,
B004UID2LC|5.0|This app is the best app ever.Please get this app but u should probly not update it because people say it CRASHES and u DONT want that to happen.And like i said please get this APP!
0143038419|2.0|I saw the film before reading the book so I had very low expectations as I thought the film was mindless rubbish and still I was disappointed.  I cannot believe this was on the New York Times bestseller list for 199 weeks! The book has more substance than the film (which isn't saying much) but unfortunately the author seems to get bogged down in cliches.  Having travelled to all three countries, the author presents them in the most stereotypical, cookie-cutter way which is a shame because I suspect there is real depth in there somewhere but it doesn't come through in this book.  Some of the parts about meditation in India are interesting but the characters are cardboard cut-outs and the author seems constantly self-conscious about the image she is projecting.  Cultural stereotypes never make good reading.  I wanted to find a moment of depth or revelation but it's about as deep as a mills and boon.
B001GCUO52|5.0|Final Destination 4 is a great comeback from the 3rd and better in my opinion. I enjoyed the 3rd but this is still better. It starts off with Nick O'Bannon (Bobby Campo) having a premonition in which a number of people die when McKinley Speedway collapses following a crash. Nick panics, persuading his girlfriend, Lori Milligan (Shantel VanSanten) their friends, Janet Cunningham (Haley Webb) and Hunt Wynorski (Nick Zano), security guard George Lanter (Mykelti Williamson), mechanic Andy Kewzer (Andrew Fiscella), mother Samantha Lane (Krista Allen), racist Carter Daniels (Justin Welborn), and Andy's girlfriend Nadia Monroy (Stephanie Honor&eacute;) to leave, escaping seconds before Nick's vision becomes a reality.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is one of the few games in actually good at. the app responds really well to touch in the kindle fire. i love that it works in any direction i put my kindle.
B0042U2HLY|5.0|Wand and Bruckner are synonymous. He understood his music. There are no misses in this set. # 6, for example, often said to be difficult to pull off, is beautifully paced and quite magisterial (the essence of Bruckner, always reaching for the heavens with his music.) The original source material is beautifully transferred to disk, but at a rather high level so that everything is crystal clear, though you may have to tone the volume down. At this price, the set is a first rate bargain.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is s very fun game and I like to play it with my friends it is fun to play hahaha I don't acullay like it :)
B0060ZJ7BC|3.0|\\"Moneyball\\", based on Michael Lewis' book of the same name, follows the 2002 season of baseball's Oakland Athletics, behind the scenes, as General Manager Billy Beane (Brad Pitt) meets a lot of resistance to his new strategy. In an effort to put together a winning team on a paltry budget, Beane has taken the advice of his new Assistant Peter Brand (Jonah Hill), a Yale-educated statistician, and decided to choose players strictly by the numbers. He looks for players who have particular talents but whom other teams have undervalued, so he can pick them up cheap. The team's talent scouts take a dim view of the project, and the team's manager Art Howe (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is downright uncooperative.<br /><br />Michael Lewis was interested in Billy Beane's story, because it paralleled the shift from old-school experience and intuition to quantitatively-motivated decision-making that Lewis experienced on Wall Street in the 1980s and wrote about in his breakthrough book \\"Liar's Poker\\". Billy Beane taught baseball that it was choosing players the wrong way, and his \\"sabermetric\\", or quantitative, approach has gained considerable following since. The name of his assistant who crunched all the numbers in real life was Paul DePodesta, and he was educated at Harvard, not Yale. The methods they used were based on the work of Bill James, who pioneered the statistical approach to baseball in the 1980s.<br /><br />Unfortunately, screenwriters Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin played it safe by including irrelevant, saccharine tidbits about Billy Beane's relationship with his 12-year-old daughter in order to \\"connect\\" with the audience or to \\"humanize\\" him or some such nonsense. This extraneous material only serves to make the movie too long. The writers use a classic underdog sports team structure, which is awkward, because the battle is not being waged by players on the baseball diamond, but rather between recruitment philosophies behind the scenes. Sorkin and Zaillian have plugged a story that is not about human relationships or underdogs into a paint-by-numbers plot that is.<br /><br />\\"Moneyball\\" would have done better to focus on the implications of the conflict between statistical analyses and the Old School, as this battle has been waged in many professions in recent decades. The fact that it reached professional sports, with its deeply entrenched traditions and market that thrives on nostalgia, shows how radically business culture has changed. But the filmmakers take a conventional approach, presumably to appeal to a wider audience. The writers sidestep the real conflict in favor of predictable filler. They dumb it down. It's an entertaining film but would have been a lot better had the writers done some writing instead of plugging the story into a pre-fab plot.not about human relationships or underdogs into a paint-by-numbers plot that is.  \\"Moneyball\\" would have done better to focus on the implications of the conflict between statistical analyses and the Old School, as this battle has been waged in many professions in recent decades. The fact that it reached professional sports, with its deeply entrenched traditions and market that thrives on nostalgia, shows how radically business culture has changed. But the filmmakers take a conventional approach, presumably to appeal to a wider audience. The writers sidestep the real conflict in favor of predictable filler. They dumb it down. It's an entertaining film but would have been a lot better had the writers done some writing instead of plugging the story into a pre-fab plot.
B004YW4L5K|5.0|When I first read this in High School, I didn't know much about Neil Gaiman. This book was so good I now own all of his novels and many of his graphic novels as well.<br /><br />The story can be a little verbose, but I think thats on purpose, since this is really a story about people and Gods who become more powerful based on belief and stories about them.<br /><br />The character moments are brilliant, the twists are legitimately surprising, and the Gods themselves are both funny and terrifying, by turns.<br /><br />I recommend this to anyone who loves a good 'modern-day fantasy' story.
0670018651|3.0|could have been a great book.to start off with, pictures of the cologne,perfume bottles they were describing would have been a nice addition. a better description of what cologne were  men's or woman's. the year the cologne was born and discontinued. and the answer to why in gods name they discontinue great colognes and perfumes.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|The story was so un-compelling that even though we paid for the rental, we stopped ~25 minutes in and decided to do chores instead of subject ourselves to more of it.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I bought this because of it's high ratings, and I haven't been disappointed.  It's a little pricey, but quite frankly, it does everything I could want it to do, and seems to do it all very well.  I have yet to find any significant deficiency.  1.)  It's super-easy to install on your Amazon Fire - just slip it on.  Once it's on, it seats well, and doesn't feel like it will fall off or come loose.  2.)  It allows access to all the ports and buttons (and speakers) once installed.  3.)  The strap is sturdy and strong, but not obnoxious.  Likewise the cover seems robust on the outside, but lined with some fabric on the inside to keep from scratching the screen.  4.)  When folded, it adequately holds the Fire in either orientation without any real problems.  Even at $30, I would recommend this case to anyone with a Kindle Fire.
B004FOA84A|4.0|This was a challenging game that was fun to solve, but it literally took less than two hours to figure it out. Worth it if you have a short attention span. Not worth it if you are looking for a long game to play over several days.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the reading plans. made it easy to get started on a plan to read the whole bible in one year for the first time.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I absolutely love it!!!!! it is a great way to pass the time and the games are really fun. the is lots of random games that are really fun(:
B005BCE7FQ|5.0|This is a movie for everyone.  The story was entertaining, and the artwork and animation supurb. Amazon sent it promptly upon order, and we enjoyed it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love the game but somtimes it makes me lose right away and I don't really understand the whole random deck and winning deck thing. isn't it supposed to be atleast possible every time?
B004SDEP38|4.0|nice application. does all the job. I found the way to hide premium key app. click settings>advanced settings> hide premium key. At last restart your phone/tablet.
B0058VW36U|5.0|this app is the best!!! it helps if u have the guide too. it has never had a problem, or gotten boring. this is totally worth it!!!
B0029LHW4U|4.0|I've listened to Alice in Chains since I was 14, and my dad has listened to them since Facelift, and I have to say we both loved this album! It had some tracks that were pure classic AIC, like \\"Lesson Learned, \\"When The Sun Rose Again\\", and \\"Check My Brain\\". My favorite song on the album was definitely \\"Private Hell\\". That song gave me chills. You could swear Layne came back from the dead to sing that song. It's one of my all time favorite AIC songs \\"A Looking In View\\" was heavier than I'm used to from AIC, with a more downtuned sound, but it was an awesome song as well. \\"Acid Bubble\\" was a good song, but not one of my favorites. There were a few weak ones, like \\"Take Her Out\\" and \\"Last Of My Kind\\" (though that one is starting to grow on me), but over all, the album was one of the best AIC albums I've ever heard.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This app is so useful, I particularly like how you can write notes without an Internet connection and they'll be uploaded the next time you connect. I also love how you can make checkable lists.
B004X80QNG|5.0|Great app for google calendaring.  And I got it for free as a FAOTD!<br /><br />I highly recommend it if you're looking for a replacement for the stock google calendar.<br /><br />I'm using it on a Xoom with ICS.
B0052UYJDC|2.0|I was pretty excited to dive into this short (98-page) inspirational novel comprised of essays. I've read a few books before on the subject of simplifying your life or decluttering your home. Usually they at least charge my batteries for a few weeks, enough to get a couple of projects done. Was I inspired by Miss Minimalist? Not so much. I found the book to be terribly self-absorbed and illogical. I respond best to the author's analysis of why we, as a society, clutter the way we do. Instead, I felt Jay attacked readers and forced her tales of how awesome her lifestyle is on them. For example, Jay addresses shoes. Instead of pointing out how silly it is that we in society feel it necessary to own 80 pairs of shoes, she simply talks about herself: how she owns six pairs, what they're used for, and how wonderful her lifestyle is because of it.<br /><br />Essentially, I did not feel inspired. I felt criticized for not already being a minimalist. This is not a book I would recommend anyone read unless they are currently a minimalist and appreciate the gloating of others.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|This came in the original packaging, works perfectly, and gives me my daily dose of funny. I was a little nervous buying dvd's online but this is the real complete season.
0439023521|4.0|The Hunger Games is Suzanne Collins's violent and shocking image of a dystopian North American future. Narrated from the point of view of Katniss Everdeen, a 16 year old girl from the nation's poorest district, we are plunged into the nation of Panem - thirteen districts organized by labor contributions with a central capital. The titular Hunger Games are held annually and require each district to send two tributes (adolescent boys and girls) to fight to the death in a contest that can only have one winner.<br /><br />Collins's narration wonderfully illustrates this violent, dystopian world, as aspects of it seem quite alien to Katniss herself. With a keen eye for describing action, the plot moves along in a gripping narrative that grabs the reader at page one and never lets go. At the end I was left rushing off to devour the second volume in this trilogy. This is a wonderful novel for adolescent readers and adults alike that illustrates the horrors of violence without seeming preachy.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I find it very useful to have so many options for devotionals right at my fingertips. Being able to look at and read Scripture anytime is also wonderful. Seeing this app everytime I open my Kindle reminds me to make time to read and meditate.
B006YMLE7G|4.0|Redline art style is energetic and expressive. Animations are smooth and coherent. Modest character development. Smart dialog gives separation to these off-beat characters ( You can actually make sense, the motives of each character).  This movie is a fun, Visual spectacle.....Enjoy!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good game some fun games in it and for being free so so graphics. only flaw is you have to have coins for the games to unlock them
B0063IH60K|5.0|it is so fun I cant stop playing it! !!!!!!!!! fun best free app it is fin on my kindle fire
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is the single greatest bible app available to you, and they make it 100% free.  The app puts all of the versions at a click and can help further your walk in the knowledge of Christ.  It keeps up with study progress and syncs between your devices.  I love having the ability to quickly compare translations when trying to better understand the truth contained in the scripture.
B002JVWR4K|5.0|Received the item earlier than expected... Item just what i expected. Completly satisfy. This show just keeps on getting better & better.
B0054R6BFM|5.0|The cover:<br /><br />This cover says a lot. You may not notice it at first, but when you finish the book, you'll keep looking at it like it could speak to you.<br /><br />The storyline:<br /><br />First, this book is the first one I read by Jay Asher, his newest works The Future of Us is already out and I have it, now I can't wait to read it!!<br /><br />This book has an amazing writing style. Each sentence, I felt like I knew Hannah, the first main protagonist, and Clay, the second main protagonist.<br /><br />The story is told when Clay gets the tapes and starts listening to them. From that second, the story becomes intense and you won't be able to put the book down.<br /><br />Why I went for the audiobook:<br /><br />I started reading the e-book first. I was totally engrossed in the story, but then, there's this duel narrative -- alternating between the girl's voice and the thoughts of the boy who is listening, so I couldn't really keep up with both of them. I listened to a sample on Amazon's website and that's when I decided that I needed to have the audiobook instead. I LOVE the audiobook, the way it is narrated is amazing and simple.<br /><br />What I loved:<br /><br />The story was amazing despite the sadness in it.<br />It is realistic which is enough for me :).<br />The writing style really impressed me, this was a first for me to read a book with two people speaking in it :').<br />The main characters, Clay and Hannah.<br />The environment, the description. It was all good :).<br />The twists, the dialogues and the mystery. It was like a puzzle needing to be solved.<br />The ending was kind of good and bad at the same time. The last cassette was too intense and hard for me to read. Hannah was at her worst and I wished the story had a fiction side to it. But, life is all about realities and we can't change them. Hard but true.<br />What I hated:<br /><br />Nothing!!!<br /><br />The characters:<br /><br />Hannah is the poor girl who's life was ruined in the new city by those rude people in her new school. Although I didn't think she had the right reasons for suicide and that she was a bit too sensitive, I still liked her. There were some questions she didn't answer which left a big question mark at the end.<br /><br />Clay is so nice. While reading the book, I thought of Cricket from Lola and the Boy Next Door. He's sensitive and strong. That's probably a part of why Hannah was in love with him...<br /><br />The rest of people mentioned in the book, including Justin, are insensitive, rude and unbelievable people. These people represent the real world, how cruel and unforgivable it is. They were taking advantage of her, using her and then acting like nothing happened.<br /><br />Favorite quotes:<br /><br />These are some quotes from when I read the e-book :).<br /><br />Conclusion:<br /><br />An amazing read that'll make you think about your everyday actions and their consequences. It's an emotional read which is hard to go thru. That's why we like to escape by reading fantasy and fiction, but some realistic reads are needed to keep us anchored to our reality.<br /><br />I recommend this book if you liked Living Dead Girl. There's no other book that I can think of that resembles it more than this one :). Also, I don't recommend it for younger readers, it has some ideas and a small inappropriate scene that young people shouldn't be exposed to., I still liked her. There were some questions she didn't answer which left a big question mark at the end.  Clay is so nice. While reading the book, I thought of Cricket from Lola and the Boy Next Door. He's sensitive and strong. That's probably a part of why Hannah was in love with him...  The rest of people mentioned in the book, including Justin, are insensitive, rude and unbelievable people. These people represent the real world, how cruel and unforgivable it is. They were taking advantage of her, using her and then acting like nothing happened.  Favorite quotes:  These are some quotes from when I read the e-book :).  Conclusion:  An amazing read that'll make you think about your everyday actions and their consequences. It's an emotional read which is hard to go thru. That's why we like to escape by reading fantasy and fiction, but some realistic reads are needed to keep us anchored to our reality.  I recommend this book if you liked Living Dead Girl. There's no other book that I can think of that resembles it more than this one :). Also, I don't recommend it for younger readers, it has some ideas and a small inappropriate scene that young people shouldn't be exposed to.
B005GT3XGS|5.0|I received this item 2 days before i expected... Which was just great- it also came in good conditions. This season is just awesome.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it's a fun game when u want to pass time. addicting though. because you're trying to get so many points and pass the game.
B0034G4P4O|1.0|Big thundering bore. I can't imagine who this was made for. The screenplay wouldn't be understandable to anyone who might enjoy the labored physical comedy. The humor would make most grade-schoolers roll their eyes.  Spielberg thinks if there is one second of film without constant agitation and motion with big swooping camera movements, he will lose the attention of the audience. But that kind of thing actually has the opposite effect; faced with the constant barrage of meaningless, overly-choreographed action, the viewer can't help but retreat their attention, possibly into a nap. It's like watching clothes go around and around in the dryer for two hours. Some of it is like being IN the dryer, looking out through the glass door.  I also didn't like the character designs, and I don't think they would match the imaginations of any of the readers of the original brilliant comics. Even without prior knowledge of the originals for comparison, they are simply ugly and unappealing. Also, the motion capture makes many of the characters appear to be human actors outfitted with overly large grotesque heads.  I saw this in I-max 3d, and all the money and slick technology in the world can't make up for bad writing and design.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. I also have it on my blackberry. It's great for making sure you get your Bible reading in no matter where you are. Love the study plans!  Ive not had one problem with it in My kindle. Wish I could say the same about the blackberry version.
B0021L8V0M|4.0|I remember when Angelina Jolie was filming Salt, and certain scenes were filmed in NYC.  Many times pictures of her making the movie were shown in the local newspapers.  Anyway, I finally watched the theatrical cut on dvd and the fast paced action kept me interested thoughout.  Jolie did a fine job with many of the stunts and the plotline was interesting as well.  As others have mentioned, it was obvious she really loved her husband Michael.  The scenes of Salt constantly on the run and then escaping capture were top notch.  Although when it was released this movie received so-so reviews, I am still hoping there will eventually be a follow up story.  I won't give the ending of this story away, but those of you who have seen the movie know that the way it ended, it left you wanting more.
B000VX1CF8|5.0|The shoes were as advertised. The shipping from the West Coast took over a week.  Timberland shoes are a well made shoe. They are comfortable and look good with jeans.
B006CLTFP2|5.0|I bought this for Bird on a Wire....I love every song on it!  There was a post earlier that said that the House of the Rising Son by a deep male voice wasn't on theirs.  I just got mine on 1/21/12.  It is track #15....The White Buffalo with The Forest Rangers.
B004EPZ08E|2.0|I must start out by saying, this movie was amazing. No doubt one of the funniest comedies I have seen in a while. That being said, the audio on the Blu-Ray was awful. The worst audio I think I have ever heard on a movie. One minute I have to have t up at volume 70, next it gets SUPER loud and I have to bring it down volume level 11. Maybe the DVD or digital download is better.  Other than the Audio levels, I would give this movie 5/5.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Don't waste your money on the paid version. This has all the levels, just tiny ads in the corner. Which is dumb because if you turn off wi-fi then presto, no ads!
B000M53GM2|5.0|I bought this used on Amazon. I like watching 007 movies, specially Pierce Brosnan ones. There is technology, humor, things blowing up, all that you need in a 007 movie. For $5, it was worth the purchase with free shipping :)
B006SVHOL8|4.0|I recall \\"Outbreak\\" from a few years ago. Similar plot. New virus threatens to kill mankind. This movie was pretty good and had a good cast. I do prefer \\"Outbreak\\" which was very similar and starred Dustin Hoffman/Rene Russo/Morgan Freeman. Still for $5 it provided good entertainment on a Saturday night and ordering through Amazon on my Roku couldn't be easier.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|really enjoyed this....wish could go farther but for the quality of the game itself I really cant complain..great app. look forward to more from this company..
B0054JZC6E|3.0|This game in the beginning is really fun but then it starts getting like boring and pointless because you have to spend 180 coins for one game! No thanks....
B000HEWEE4|5.0|THIS IS THE SECOND OF THE MOST BIZARRE MOVIES I HAVE A COPY OF. THE OTHER ONE IS A MOVIE CALLED \\"2046\\". WHEN I WAS FIRST INTRODUCED TO THIS MOVIE I THOUGHT IT WAS A HORROR FILM. I HAD COME ACROSS SEVERAL HORROR FILMS WITH THE WORD \\"LAKE\\" IN THE TITLE. AND SINCE I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO INTEREST IN HORROR MOVIES, I FIRST SAID NO TO THE MOVIE. BUT THEN I WAS TOLD WHAT IT WAS ABOUT AND I \\"PEEKED\\" AT IT A BIT AND BECAME INTERESTED. SOME VIEWERS DON'T KNOW THIS, HOWEVER, THIS MOVIE IS A REMAKE OF A KOREAN MOVIE TITLED: IL MARE. I JUST COULD NOT UNDERSTAND HOW THESE TWO PEOPLE WERE LIVING TWO YEARS APART AND HOW WERE THEY ABLE TO COMMUNICATE WITH NOTES AND LETTERS BY PLACING THEM IN A MAILBOX, WITH THE FLAG GOING UP AND DOWN. AT ONE POINT THEY WERE BOTH STANDING AT THEIR MAILBOX WRITING NOTE AFTER NOTE AFTER NOTE. THEN THE WHOLE FALLING IN LOVE THING AND EVEN AT ONE POINT OR ANOTHER THEY WERE IN THE SAME TIME TOGETHER, VIA THE BIRTHDAY PARTY. AND THEN THERE WAS THE WHOLE THING ABOUT THE PAW PRINTS AND LEAVING THE BOOK AT THE TRAIN STATION WITH IT BEING FOUND AND RETURNED. AND WHY WASN'T THERE MORE FOR THE BROTHER TO DO IN THIS MOVIE? IT SEEMS LIKE HE WAS ONLY THERE TO GIVE ALEX MORAL SUPPORT. THERE WAS NOTHING WRONG WITH THAT, EXCEPT IT SEEMED INCOMPLETE. AND THE FATHER, I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND WHY HE WAS IN THIS MOVIE AT ALL! I THINK THIS MOVIE WOULD HAVE DONE QUITE NICELY WITHOUT HIM. AND WHY WASN'T THERE MORE TO THE ENDING? HOW IS IT THAT A LETTER SAVES ALEX FROM GETTING KILLED AND THEN THEY WIND UP TOGETHER AT THE END? OKAY! HOW DID THEY GET INTO THE SAME TIME TOGETHER? ACTUALLY THEY WERE IN THE SAME TIME TOGETHER THREE TIMES. AT THE TRAIN STATION. AT THE PARTY. AND AT THE END. WHEW! THIS IS NOT ROCKET SCIENCE. YET I HAVE WATCHED THIS MOVIE AT LEAST FIFTEEN THOUSAND TIMES AND I STILL CAN'T QUITE GRASP IT. I THINK THIS IS JUST ONE OF THOSE STRANGE STORIES THAT ISN'T MEANT TO BE QUITE UNDERSTOOD. IT IS SUPPOSE TO LEAVE US THINKING, \\"WOW, WHAT A MOVIE\\"! YET IF ONE TRIED TO EXPLAIN IT, FORGET IT. NO EXPLANATION WILL QUITE SUFFICE. I THINK KEANU REEVES AND SANDRA BULLOCK WERE BOTH SUPERB IN THEIR ROLES. I WONDER IF THEY UNDERSTOOD THEM?! THIS MOVIE IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST-BUY!
159562015X|5.0|This book was great for a team of women from our church that are volunteers, working to lead the Women's Ministry.  We used this tool to have a better understanding of our own strengths as well as to use it for an assessment for others that can join our leadership team, to cover all the strengths needed to have an effective team leading a large group of women.
B0045HCJ6M|5.0|a magical musical of enchantment and romance. a great escape. action, scenery, costumes. you will sing the songs after the three hour movie is over.
B005HV6Y84|4.0|I will openly admit that I have read the series and enjoyed reading the light story. I did not enjoy the films, but since watching the 2nd movie, \\"New Moon\\", I was immediately entranced by the music choice and sound track. It was, in fact, the gateway for my exploration of deeper and more intricate music than The Black Eyed Peas and whatnot.  I have not purchased the Eclipse soundtrack (too much money, too little music I enjoyed), but after hearing some samples from this movie's OST, I took a jump, and I'm glad I did... mostly.  Right away, I fell in love with Iron and Wine's softer, more soulful, and stripped-down version of \\"Flightless Bird, American Mouth\\", a nod to the first movie. \\"Northern Lights\\" and \\"Requiem On Water\\" incorporate similar male-female duets with an almost haunting tone to them. These I also enjoyed. Turning Page, the remarkable wedding song, has an equally remarkable piano base which somehow balances the singer's high-pitched voice. \\"Love Death Birth\\" is a fantastic medley of old and new themes blended into a perfect reminiscence. I could go on and on...  There are some questionable choices, however. \\"Neighbors\\", though a respectable track, broke a running theme of ethereal longing (with jumps of freedom). Which, I suppose, is the reason why it's the last song on the record. It just doesn't fit. \\"It Will Rain\\" is the same. Again, a respectable track, but a little too whiny for the overall feel. \\"I Didn't Mean It\\" fits there too.  Perhaps they were incorporated better in the film? I wouldn't know. Overall, if you're looking for some out-of-the ordinary, breakout-artist, quieting pieces of music that tend to grow on you instead of immediately please you, then buy this record. However, it may need some patience.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is the &quot;Best&quot;Bible app by far, and doesn't cost a thing. I would recommend this app to everyone who reads the Bible.
B0050XFY4O|3.0|\\"From Beginning to End\\" was a good movie which could have been better--a lot better, imho.  While the topic of incest is not new, what could have been refreshing is more romanticism and perhaps, dare I say, less lust. I understand that (many/most?) there is a often a strong sexual element when two young men enter a relationship, but I would have appreciated more romanticism/romantic dialogue, eventhough there was some. Of course, being a european film, there was an element of \\"european flair\\" which invariably occurs. There was an opportunity for this movie to be a \\"classic\\" but it was a good movie, overall. I like this topic of incest, how it is more important to avoid it, if one is heterosexual.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Es basico para proteger el kindle, se adapta perfectamente es ligero, puede usarse inclinado como para ver videos o acostado.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Arrived on time. And was reasonably priced. Works excellently. I recommend this item to people are Harry Potter Fans. Thanks for you excellent service.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|some fun, some interesting games. clearly a free app. some games hard to figure out, especially the scoring. some games impossible to win.
B001N26GFC|5.0|This video was reasonably priced, arrived as predicted.  The movie is a cheerful movie.  Feeling down, I suggest you watch this movie.
B0052RE4MQ|3.0|Being a fan of Ally's \\"Matched\\" I obviously couldn't wait to get my hands on this book. I had such high hopes for this book (my main hope being that it would be just as good, if not better than, its predecessor). However, after having finished the book I must admit that it did not live up to those expectations.<br /><br />If I had to describe this book in one word it would be \\"soft\\"- which took me by surprise as I had expected it to be chocked full of action and adventure with Cassia and the boys coming to understand exactly far deep the corruption ran in their society and the likes of (think \\"The Hunger Games\\" trilogy- especially \\"Mockingjay\\"). As this book was quite soft it didn't engage me near as much as \\"Matched\\" did. Furthermore, being soft I didn't find that it had much of an \\"AHA!\\" moment (AKA a climax)- a moment in which after having read it you either have to pick your jaw up from the ground or run to the nearest bathroom to grab some Kleenex so that you can dab your eyes and blow your nose with due to the fact that you are sobbing so hard- in fact, I don't really feel anything after having finished it.<br /><br />Furthermore, I was also a bit disappointed by the \\"secret\\" surrounding Xander. I personally feel that it completely came out of the left field- as if it were an afterthought added into the story to make Cassia's and Ky's happy ending, well, not so happy. And I was a bit disappointed by the fact that this book is one of *those* books that answer questions with more questions (seriously, what did we learn about The Rising in this book? The Rising only plays a significant role in the last few pages of the book, too little, too late).<br /><br />Complaints aside, there were a number of things that I enjoyed this book, including Xander's visit to Cassia, I thought that it was super sweet and brought a much needed lightness to the book, ditto Cassia and Ky's reunion. I also did enjoy the introduction of a few new characters- Indie and Eli (though more so Eli as I still do not trust Indie, I question her motives).<br /><br />All in all, while this book was a bit unsatisfying I am looking forward to the next (and final) book in this trilogy. I have complete faith that the next book will be everything that we are hoping it will be.rust Indie, I question her motives).  All in all, while this book was a bit unsatisfying I am looking forward to the next (and final) book in this trilogy. I have complete faith that the next book will be everything that we are hoping it will be.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This is a great app. I use it on my laptop, my Kindle Fire and my Droidx phone. Its great for to-do list, grocery list and to save pictures.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|sggdvcbecbbdnw d d d d d d d f f d f d d d d f f v g w. c f e c. f w v f ejnc evcne f enc
B0059TUI90|5.0|Ordered it for my cousine from Russia and she thinks this book is awesome. My cousine is really good at this yoga stuff and I don't know anything about it.
B000058CAV|4.0|What a great experience. This is such a little time capsule of 1980 's music and aesthetics. The DVD quality was a little grainy and appeared to be a video transfer, but this barely detracted from what was a wonderful return to a film very much of its time and all the better for it.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|great price-- highest of quality-- luv the detail of dvd vs the ole vhs cassette-- shipping time is excellent-- not had a bad experience yet with amazon
B005EY2XFC|5.0|Es una pelicula de culto, excelente la version en blu-ray, la nitidez, a pesar del tiempo la vi mucho mejor que la version en DVD. No debe faltar en la coleccion de clasicos del cine.
B004HEXSLI|5.0|Prior comment about not knowing if this was a CD or book was clarified.  It was an Amazon posting error.  The book was received promptly and in great condition, and a great price.  Happy with Kiva.
0385474547|1.0|Whilst the novel lacks a good storyline for such unique cultural and traditional content, it sends a powerful message for their colonizer. From historical and cultural perspective, the book rebelliously claims that they have an abundantly well-respected culture even before they were colonized and the new government didn't affect these people--but it actually did. Yet, it doesn't deny the power of the colonizers despite the dweller's rebel.<br /><br />Aside from the message it held, the novel is pretty boring and bland and sexist. It doesn't have an interesting plot to follow. It is a bunch of information about the tribe's culture, ritual, historical background, the colonization process and dweller's reaction to this movement. However it delivers a certain message: when something better comes along, (some) people would take advantage of it even if it means to leave their tribe or custom. Above all, the good news is that the main character fought for what he believed till death.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I like there's a lot of different games. Some of the games don't seem to respond well to touch controls but that might just be my screen issue
B0034G4P94|4.0|I really hate the name of this movie.  In all honesty, the name `Warrior' denotes a cheapness that really isn't present here.  In fact, outside of some clich&eacute;d plotting (especially in that final showdown) and some unflattering editing decisions (the workout montage was ill conceived, for my personal taste at least), this film is far from cheap.  `Warrior' is actually a very astute look at the war within ourselves to forgive and forget and move on from the roughness that is life.  While one may assume that `Warrior' is yet another attempt to cash in on men inflicting violence on other men for sport, it has far more heart than that.<br /><br />I'd even go as far as to say that `Warrior' is superior to last year's Oscar horse, `The Fighter'; although they are both in the B-Grade level for me (`Warrior' inching more towards a B+).<br /><br />`Warrior' tells the story of three men connected more so by violence than by blood.  Paddy Conlon is a former boxer and a former drunk who inflicted so much physical and emotional damage on his two sons, Brendan and Tommy, that he has absolutely no relationship with them.  Brendan ran off when he was still a young boy with his heavily abused mother and has been missing from Paddy's life for fourteen years.  Brendan stayed around, mostly because he had fallen in love with his High School sweetheart, and lives close by but remains out of touch with his father; sending the occasional picture and receiving the occasional phone call.  Tommy suddenly shows up on his father's doorstep.  He is shrouded with mystery and seems content with keeping his father at an extreme distance.  He is in need of some money and so he decides to train for a Mixed Martial Arts tournament, and he needs his father's help to do so.  Unknowingly, his very own brother Brendan is considering entering the same tournament.  Brendan, a former UFC fighter, is struggling to pay his mortgage and decides to pick up some extra money fighting.<br /><br />Ultimately, we all know who is going to make it to the finals of that tournament.<br /><br />Aside from the obvious predictability of it all (I did, honestly, have NO IDEA who was going to win that fight though), `Warrior' presents a message I wasn't ready to embrace, and yet it was so clear and so honest and so provoking that I can't help but embrace it now.  As the film prods along we get to see these men for the rugged, ravaged, barren souls that they are.  They seem hollow and hopeless and alone and desperate yet apathetic.  They have given up on themselves and all hope of reconnecting.  And then something happens.  Tommy finally abuses his father to a point of no return.  Tommy finally `becomes' the man he hated and then his father, broken to the bone, reverts and falls to pieces and Tommy, previously full of loathing, folds with compassion for the man he grew up fearing.  This same approach is taken at the end of the final fight, where the victorious brother embraces the losing brother with such tenderness.  It's funny, because as I was seeing it I was blown away by how much sense it really made.  In life, we can feel such distain, hatred or even malice towards someone, but when we see them fall apart, especially at our own doing, it rouses in us a love that is often misread as pity but is truly genuine in texture.  I've always said that you cannot hate someone without first loving them, and visa versa.  Those qualities are so specifically interwoven because they are the ying and yang of affections.  You cannot hate someone unless you know them intimately enough to care about who and what they are, and you cannot possibly love someone unless you are know them intimately enough to be moved to hate by their actions.  If you didn't love them then you wouldn't care if they hurt you.  `Warrior' displays that truth beautifully, with subtle notes that make a very big impact.<br /><br />And the acting on all fronts is tremendous.  Many have noted Marlon Brando and his `One the Waterfront' performance when referencing Tom Hardy's performance here.  I wouldn't go that far, but he really evokes a sense of understanding with his rough yet pleading appearance.  For me, Joel Edgarton is the real standout.  He makes Brendan feel so human and relatable.  The way he aches to do right by his family is etched across his face perfectly.  I will say this; I'm surprised that Nick Nolte is not the frontrunner for the Supporting Oscar this year.  Sure, I agree that Christopher Plummer gave the better performance, and so when he wins I'll be ecstatic, but Nolte's performance here is not only great, it is so OSCARY.  I mean, he plays a reformed drunk, he has emotional breakdowns, he is supremely sympathetic despite his obvious monstrous past and he nails his two Oscar moments (the pleading with Brendan and that shocking hotel room scene with Tommy).  If anyone is going to take Plummer's Oscar from him, it'll be Nolte.<br /><br />Either way, a VERY deserving performance is going to win on Oscar night.<br /><br />So, in closing, I was very impressed with `Warrior'.  It's a little too long, it does have that unfortunate montage in the middle that feels dated, unnecessary and cheap, and the way the actual tournament is handled feels rushed in parts and drawn out in others (trying to create tension when we already know who is going to make it to the final two is a little pointless, but thanks for trying I guess), but `Warrior' says a lot more than it's stupid name suggests.<br /><br />`Warrior' has real heart.ormance here.  I wouldn't go that far, but he really evokes a sense of understanding with his rough yet pleading appearance.  For me, Joel Edgarton is the real standout.  He makes Brendan feel so human and relatable.  The way he aches to do right by his family is etched across his face perfectly.  I will say this; I'm surprised that Nick Nolte is not the frontrunner for the Supporting Oscar this year.  Sure, I agree that Christopher Plummer gave the better performance, and so when he wins I'll be ecstatic, but Nolte's performance here is not only great, it is so OSCARY.  I mean, he plays a reformed drunk, he has emotional breakdowns, he is supremely sympathetic despite his obvious monstrous past and he nails his two Oscar moments (the pleading with Brendan and that shocking hotel room scene with Tommy).  If anyone is going to take Plummer's Oscar from him, it'll be Nolte.  Either way, a VERY deserving performance is going to win on Oscar night.  So, in closing, I was very impressed with `Warrior'.  It's a little too long, it does have that unfortunate montage in the middle that feels dated, unnecessary and cheap, and the way the actual tournament is handled feels rushed in parts and drawn out in others (trying to create tension when we already know who is going to make it to the final two is a little pointless, but thanks for trying I guess), but `Warrior' says a lot more than it's stupid name suggests.  `Warrior' has real heart.
044654146X|5.0|The first half of the book details the cultivation Israeli innovation and the second half explains the history and stories that detail the success with specific examples.  Excellent book!
B00632HWOG|1.0|only displays ten emails. useless. won't scroll. what was yahoo thinking? the app in my nokia phone does more than this.
B0063GORYU|5.0|This is a great game. Easy to learn if you have never played before.  Works great on Kindle Fire. Wonderful game for free.
0425218929|4.0|This was one of Cornwell's real;ly good earlier writings. Others I know who have loved her early books are wondering if she has someone else writing her newer books. ?
B005T87QCI|2.0|would be a lot more fun if you could pick from good robots! then when u vs metro in the tournoment u loose about every time! its pretty well a waste of time and 2 bucks!  SO SO SO SO STUPID
B0054JZC6E|5.0|if you need a break from reading, this works GREAT!  especially if you don't have wick nearby, you can pass the boredom by playing some games. Great for kids too!! enjoy!!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I'm an 18 year old girl who has struggled with weight issues my entire life. I'm from a hardcore Italian family, and have lived with my grandmother most of my life. She's a BIG believer in \\"you're not healthy if you're skinny or toned\\" and believes the \\"bigger the better.\\" Let me put it this way, 3 plates of pasta is just an appetizer to her. And if you don't finish what's on your plate, you get smacked in the head until you finished it. When I was 16 I moved back with my mother and was 'on/off' with working out, mostly because I was so used to not working out that I got lazy and tired. Now, 18 and engaged to a wonderful guy who believes I'm beautiful the way I am, however his 'friends' and 'brothers' seem to say I have more fat rolls than a bakery, and call me fat to him behind my back. & even though he doesn't believe I should loose any weight, I knew I had to to also gain my self-esteem, hence why I felt I needed to work out more. I have been working out since I turned 18 (April 26 of last year) and this DVD made me panting and gasping for air within 15 minutes. the Jumping Jacks are what really killed me, and Jump rope. Also because it hurts when I jump because well.. my boobs. Haha! But I feel like I had to modify it just a TAD more than Anita did, since I felt I might as well have done the 'expert' one.<br /><br />PEOPLE: BE CAREFUL DOING THIS WORKOUT. If you have KNEE/BACK INJURY DON'T DO THIS WORKOUT, or your CARTILAGE IN YOUR KNEES ARE WEARING DOWN, don't do this UNLESS you have a knee brace on or joint lubricant.<br /><br />another note:<br /><br />I feel that people don't like this DVD because people think the weight loss should come off overnight. You didn't gain the weight overnight guys, therefore it's not going to go away in one night. A lot of people also think that they can work out to this DVD and eat whatever they want. I'm sure you can.. if you workout to this DVD 6 times a day on level 3..The other main issue is that people fail to stay motivated, like me. What helped motivate me was posting pictures in outfits I love and posting them on a mirror. That way, I can see how I look now. and  a quote \\"Eat junk and feel good now, feel terrible later. Exercise and eat healthy feeling bad now, feel amazing later.\\" No one is going to lose that weight you have EXCEPT YOU! No one is going to care about your body but YOU because YOU have to live with it. You losing weight or not is not going to change anyone's life but your own. I also felt like reading success stories helped me even more. But that's just me.<br /><br />this DVD was mainly designed to loose only 10-20 pounds, but I need to loose at least 100 lbs. (I weigh about 230-245 and I'm 5'4\\"-5'5\\") so I can tell I'll be at this DVD a little longer than a month.<br /><br />The main issue I have with this DVD is the fact her voice gets annoying after a little while, but once you stop and listen to her it's kind of encouraging. If you're like me, I usually have headphones on or music in the background to help me be MORE encouraged since I can only do workouts with music on.<br /><br />what helps a lot is the fact that Jillian, herself, has struggled with weight loss. most of the DVDS I had were just 'dancers/models' who did it as actors and whatnot, and didn't even know what they were talking about.<br /><br />The LEVEL 1 consists of three circuits (plus a warm-up and cool down)<br />I think the hardest workouts for level 1 are the Jumping Rope/Jacks.<br />The easiest in Level 1 is probably chest-flies or dumbbell rows. IF you keep proper posture.<br />I haven't looked into level 2 yet, but I'll probably get to that within a few days/weeks.<br /><br />Sorry if my review jumped around everything a bit, I just get so excited to write reviews I kind of get a bit off topic! Ha!<br /><br />Within 30 days, I'll tell you and post pictures of my body to see if you guys can tell the difference.<br /><br />-----UPDATE-----<br /><br />It's been about a 5 days and I lost about4 lbs doing this, combined with another workout twice a day. I don't think you can actually loose 5 lbs with this DVD alone but I do think you can add it to your workout routine. It DOES get boring, and the \\"modify\\" versions of things aren't even that great so you might want to modify it a little more but still keep your heartrate up (that's what I did.) THERE IS A LOT OF JUMPING, so what I usually did was skip that (because It hurts my back when I jump) with some jogging in place. The trick is to stay moving when she wants you to jump. That's all she's really doing.  Whoever invented Jumping Jacks needs to get punched in the face, those things are evil. :) And yes, I did call her a few swear words a lot of times but I still stuck to it. yet again, I wouldn't do this workout alone. I'd either do it twice a day combined with a brisk walk or once with a 30 minute walk or even another workout DVD (suggest you don't do it right after though. as when you finish it you'll be out of breath or at least I was at first)4 lbs doing this, combined with another workout twice a day. I don't think you can actually loose 5 lbs with this DVD alone but I do think you can add it to your workout routine. It DOES get boring, and the \\"modify\\" versions of things aren't even that great so you might want to modify it a little more but still keep your heartrate up (that's what I did.) THERE IS A LOT OF JUMPING, so what I usually did was skip that (because It hurts my back when I jump) with some jogging in place. The trick is to stay moving when she wants you to jump. That's all she's really doing.  Whoever invented Jumping Jacks needs to get punched in the face, those things are evil. :) And yes, I did call her a few swear words a lot of times but I still stuck to it. yet again, I wouldn't do this workout alone. I'd either do it twice a day combined with a brisk walk or once with a 30 minute walk or even another workout DVD (suggest you don't do it right after though. as when you finish it you'll be out of breath or at least I was at first)
B006IGZWB2|5.0|Very well done. I loved the characters and the outcome. Insightful, thought-provoking, and humorous, with only a few sad instances.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is an awesome game! I definitely recommend it. it is very addicting! poop it it it poop it it poop!!!
0385340540|2.0|I have read every book Grisham has written and this one falls far short of his usual fast-paced, engrossing tales. He  researched Italy and Bologna, no doubt, but little else. He admits in the Epilogue he does not understand computers, and it shows. Further, he has the DIA reporting to the CIA which simply is not, and has never been, true. Most absurd of all, he has a 60-year-old Army major the head of DIA. I thought at first it was a typo for Major General but, no, Major was repeated many times. A tad of research beyond Italy would show some respect for his readers.<br />This review is by Mark Berent, author the Vietnam airwar Wings of War historical series and many free articles available on all E-Books.  See http://www.amazon.com/Mark-Berent/e/B000APP91A
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|I had the benefit of watching MIDNIGHT IN PARIS without having any idea about the story. So many people have praised this film that I knew I should see it. MIDNIGHT IN PARIS is a poetic title that gives us an image- a romantic love story set in dreamy Paris? - well, yes, sort of. It is so very much more. The story was a complete surprise for me. The story was so much deeper than a typical Woody Allen film<br /><br />Owen Wilson plays Gil Pender, a Hollywood screenwriter on vacation in Paris with his fiance and her parents. That would be a story in itself but MIDNIGHT IN PARIS is a journey of self-discovery in the most delightful fashion. Walking the streets of Paris one night, Gil begins an amazing journey into the 1920's where he meets some of the greatest literary and artistic minds of that era.  Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gertrude Stein, and Picasso give Gil a lesson on life. In the meantime,  why not have Gertrude Stein read the novel you are working on?<br /><br />Woody Allen is at his creative best in MIDNIGHT IN PARIS. Here is another great ensemble cast and story full of fun, romance and self-awakening. Finally, a film that left me with a smile on my face.
B0060V1WJ6|5.0|This movie easily makes it in my top 5 of movies in 2011. Intelligent, funny, something for the heart. Another great Steve Carell movie...
0307120007|2.0|Not that much fun stuff to touch - literally the bunny is probably the most fun. The pages are flimsy and the pictures are just bad. My 7 month old puts everything in her mouth and the pages are definitely not thick enough. I recommend passing on this one.
0385535139|5.0|John Grisham never let's you down.  I look forward to all his novels and this is one of his best.  Grisham pulls you into the story to the point that you can sense the thoughts and feelings of the main character.  His style of writing makes the pages fly as you read.  Can't wait for his next!
B003O86FMW|4.0|A wild ride as I expected.  The cliffhanger was a little expected but I still really enjoyed the book. I can't wait to finish this series.  A must read series.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|Provides a decent challenge to the average player. Gives enough options to be a worthwhile app.  Worth the space on your device.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book grabs your attention from the first few pages. I couldn't put it down and can't wait to read the second book in the series!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is alright. I love frogs and there is a frog game where you catch flies and there is darts and so many more games!
B005XQLBU4|4.0|I liked it, it was challenging, and fun, not too hard to progress. .... And more words here to complete this review
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty good minus having to play games numerous times for more points. keeps me occupied while trying to pass time.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|it is a great app how can you people say such mean stuff about this app. at least it is better then the the other angry birds
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a ok game something. to do when u r bored it is free and fun easy to unlock. the other games
B003VANOFY|2.0|i got this head set to talk to my friends and my buddy in south Korea that i haven't seen in years. not 3 months after i get them they start to crack right above the ear pieces.  [...]  [...]    then when i called them to get replacement pieces i was told i have to be inconvenienced by sending them back and wait a week to get a new set. its not my fault they broke so why do i have to be the one inconvenienced??    on the bright side the headset works great other then the cracked pieces. and the bad customer service.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The game isn't the best but its a great time waster! Not THAT many ads. I don't understand all of the 1 star ratings.
B0002F6BRE|5.0|Hadn't purchased this till my husband finally watched it and decided we should add it to our Christmas movie collection. Has to be good for his approval!
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|The latest version of seasons that just came out in January 2012 (with Chinese New Year) would not download on my kindle fire.  Tried both the free and ad free versions. You start the install from the Apps tab by tapping on the app icon with the little download arrow.  The app description page comes up you tap on the Install button and a dialog box comes up and tells you that the download has failed, try again later. Previous version of Seasons installed without a problem.  What I finally discovered is that I needed to go to the App Store, go to My Apps, and tap on All to display all installed and pending apps for my kindle.  There was an entry for Angry Birds, with an Install button.  Clicking on that started the install and the download successfully.  Seems like this is more a problem with the Fire not with the Angry Birds app itself.  I guess since the Fire has only been out 2.5 months and I've seen only one operating system update so far that we can write this off to new system start up issues that hopefully will be fixed in the future.  BTW, my wife now enjoys playing AB on the Fire more than on her Droid 2 phone.  It does look great on the Fire display.
B0045HCJRG|5.0|Wonderful retro memories and humor. Liked well enough to replace the VHS with the DVD. All ages can appreciate the time and the time of innocence we have lost.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|All I can say is WOW!  Both my nieces recommended this book to me and they were absolutely right when they said I would not be able to put it down.  I started on a Friday evening and only had 10 pages to go on Sunday morning.  It was as though I was in the arena with Katniss,  Peeta & the rest of the Tributes.  I laughed, cried and was totally mesmerized.  It is truly a must read.  I purchased all three separately for my Kindle Fire.  I can't wait to read the other two.
B00177YA1K|5.0|As a family we enjoyed this set of dvds. They're just as funny and entertaining as when they were released. Great for those who enjoy adventure, science fictiion and humor all rolled into one.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|The app is great and it has every translation I want. I prefer reading white words on a black background, so it is nice that it includes that option.
B004LWZW4M|1.0|A poor movie. It has no real plot, it was slow moving, and it was boring.  All it focuses on is angry apes seeking revenge on humans.  No where near as good as the original Planet of the Apes series, which was original and interesting.  One of the worst films I've seen.  Don't waste your time seeing it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|weird very f gvv g j j j h t e h gs. h db uxe. av tc dy weird
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love a game that sets goals that you have to achieve. Eventhough the &quot;games&quot; are levels somewhat, playing you favorites over and over will let you gain points to play others.  I love the challenge. I'm only rating a 4 because annoying things pop up for you download other things, but the app is free and you just have to hit skip.
B004YW4L5K|5.0|This was my introduction to Neil Gaiman and I was blown away from the cover to cover! Gaiman's brain works in mysterious ways and we are lucky that he shares it's amazing efforts with the rest of us. One of the most interesting takes on myths/religion ever published. Great book!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I can't stop playing this. it's a little dangerous because of how addicting it is. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for some entertainment.
B006R8GK2Q|4.0|I am enjoying this game so far.  It's great for relaxing when a lot of focus is not wanted. Overall I find it very enjoyable. Hope to see more hidden object games.  Not sure why I need a review to proceed?  Would very much enjoy getting back to the game. Can't seem to get review to submit.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|easy to get addicted to these games. great way to pass time. even my kids love to play. plenty of fun for my whole family!
0763639184|5.0|My son's favorite book in the world-he had learned all of the words by 3 years old and reads it to everyone.  Bought one for my neice, too, and she loves it!
B00068TJM6|4.0|Ce a quoi je m'attendais par contre j'aurais prfr une vitre en crystal shaphire car elle s'gratigne facilement.  Mais achetez la pas car je ne veux pas que tout le monde se promne avec ma montre :P
B006ZBRMOU|4.0|If you read the 1st two you are already invested in the story and the characters. I think E.L.James did a fantastic job creating multi-layered characters that you can get wrapped up in and that resonate after the book is put down. Yes, the trilogy has alot of tasefully written sex, which I thought of as another character instead a story about sex. She is a very talented author and story teller. I liked it a lot ( not as much as the 1st 2 books) and look forward reading more of her in the future! *** it's a GREAT vacation series:)
0525478817|4.0|I bought this for my (early) teenage son and as I often do with well-reviewed books, I read it first.  I'm not giving it to him yet because he's really not old enough for it (maybe another year or two until he's mature enough to get it); it's very, very good and I think the characters are wonderfully written, but the central messaging is downbeat and intense.  I loved Hazel's \\"voice\\" and I think Green does a great job with a female character.  I have to admit that as a parent I was probably unduly distracted by the adult characters in the story, particularly Hazel's parents, who I thought were great.  The romantic scenes, such as they are, are incredibly, deeply, sadly romantic.  I'm not sure Green intended this or not, but I hope a significant take-away from this book, for older kids, will be how treasured children are by their parents--I can't get the phrase \\"an annihilated parent\\" out of my head, or the throwaway descriptions of Gus's parents gazing at him.  Anyway, I am certain I would have adored this book as an older teen but IMO it's too emotionally intense for the 11-13 set (who I'm sure make up some of Green's existing fanbase).
1592400876|2.0|I bought this book on the advice of a co-worker thinking it would be a reference book for writers; I was surprised to find it to be more a personal story with writing references buried within.  The author Lynne Truss, a British woman, writes well but injects an ever so slight hint of aristocracy and snobbishness toward the masses.  In one particular story, she relates receiving a pen pal letter from an 8th grade  girl from Detroit.  The girl's writing was juvenile and poor and Ms. Truss replied in a condescending manner to put the girl in her proper place (grammatically).  Ms. Truss states she feels bad about doing so, but reading between the lines, one senses a triumphant pleasure in telling that American girl how she borders on illiteracy.  If you think this book will be a ready desk reference and aid you while writing, think again and look elsewhere.  If however, you want an easy read with personal anecdotes of one woman's obsession with punctuation, this book may be for you.
B005HS4CUY|4.0|I've loved the Toy Story movies (and pretty much everything Pixar produced) for the past 18 years or so. I believe if you like a product or company you should buy their products, and I plan on doing so as long as Pixar continues to produce films like these. They still hold up after several years, and the new 3D versions are breathing life back into the first two in the trilogy. I think my favorite will always be TS 2, but they are all great and if you can get all three brand new for under $60 shipped like I did, then jump on it! Awesome animation, great voice acting, and lovable characters. Lots of funny stuff too-get off your butt and click that button and buy yours now!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Why does anyone hate this? Wi-fi required?You need wi-fi to download,so why are you complaining?Ads?They're so tiny!How can they bother you at all!Can't download?That doesn't make the game stupid.This is the best game of all time!!!....at least,all time since this was created.I hate the white and green birds,but what can I do?Those birds don't ruin this game!5 stars.....totally obvious.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|cool how u can unlock games and its easy to.earn the points to do it. games are very interesting, nd keeps.u busy without being to bored.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|i read my Word every morning and it is made possible with this app. the devotionals are amazing and you can. keep notes and everything. the upgrade made it possible to highlight as you read, and add bookmarks which allows you to label scriptures. this app has truly. assisted in my growth and personal journey in seeking God.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND
0792840461|4.0|Thomas Crown, the film's protagonist suffers from an illness common to the idle rich: terminal boredom.  Though he's not completely idle--as a currency trader he does seem to come to work, at least occasionally.  Still, he runs his firm effortlessly--giving the appearance that he could give orders to his underlings in his sleep.  So what to do?  Start a foundation to help the world's poor?  Fight racism (this was 1968, after all!)?  Nope!  Recruit and pay anonymous thugs to rob a bank and endanger civilians with potential gun play--and then have a laugh by yourself in your mansion after the caper has been successfully pulled off!<br /><br />Luckily for Mr. Crown, and Steve McQueen who plays him, fate is about to send him a playmate to help beguile the intolerable tedium that is his life.  A freelance insurance investigator played by Faye Dunaway (the hot babe actress of that era) takes the job of tracking down the mastermind who had the nerve to mess with the banks.  She attends a polo match in which he is playing.  She speaks to him at a charity auction, making it clear to him that she is in hot pursuit.  A chess game at his mansion leads to a romantic relationship between the two.  So will she spring the trap that sends him to the clink--or will she run off with him to Rio or whatever and see what boring things the locals are up to?  Suffice it to the say that whatever the two choose, they will do it with style and grace.
B000O8OTNC|1.0|I did not receive this item and there no way to contact the seller through my order page  I am now moving after being deployed and I doubt this will ever catch up to me  So I might as well have just thrown out the 8 bucks total failure
0525478817|5.0|My original tweet:  Hannah Mae @hannahmaetion  10 Jan: I want to drown in this book and never come up for air. #tfios @realjohngreen  John Green's reply:  John Green @realjohngreen  10 Jan: But I want you to read my next one, so don't die yet.  I think that's about all I have to say.
145162445X|5.0|This shorter volume from Krauss marks his transition from talented science expositor to science champion. His crisp, clear and thorough discussion combines with a strong problem-focussed narrative to make this book a deserving popular science landmark. Some discussion retraces developments in physics that Krauss meticulously covers in previous longer books but this is necessary for a one-stop treatise on one of the most important topics in modern physics. Notes and references are omitted, acceptably in my opinion considering the briefer nature of this book. The development of the topic, the provision of a context through his intimate familiarity with the work of earlier physicists, and Krauss's offhand capacity to reduce complexity and hyperbole to a well rounded paragraph make this book pleasurable, rewarding and complete.  Krauss charts the development of theories regarding the universe's dimensions, mass, energy, inflation and homogeneity, touching on the importance of quantum fluctuations, dark energy and related phenomena. With this background, he explains Perlmutter's challenge, in 1996, to Krauss's statement that empty space might contain energy. With perfect timing, this book arrives just as Perlmutter, Reis and Schmidt gain their Nobel Prizes for confirming the accelerating expansion of the universe and as WMAP experiments hint at dark photons, all grist for the mill in the universe from nothing theory.  The treat at the end of this exposition is Krauss's scenario that humanity now enjoys the best opportunity, in terms of available evidence, to understand the universe's origin, evolution and fate. During this period, albeit billions of years long, we are able to still detect cosmic background radiation and view receding galaxies before they red-shift out of existence. We live at a good time and I am pleased that Hitch got to savour this scenario. Characteristically, Krauss then takes a sweep through and at the anthropic cosmological principal and string theory to frame the scientific method as a sometimes fuzzy, sometimes chicken and egg, but always logical way to investigate our existence. He logically extends this thinking in the `Brave New Worlds' chapter to collate some existing ideas and advance an analysis which is powerful and positive for science. His Epilogue comment from Camus, that \\"Sisyphus is smiling\\", appeals. Dawkins's quote from Carlyle in the afterword caps off the good humour with which Krauss has explored this topic.  Clearly Krauss has some fun with this book - the reader is left in no doubt of this plan after the first line in Chapter 1. The burst of early snipes at lazy thinkers and obfuscators risked the book taking a combative edge but readers can rest assured these remarks remained measured, valid and totally justified given the damage some obscurantists wilfully cause to scientific progress, increasingly to the future peril of humanity and the planet. Krauss introduces an allegory about his wallet card which diagrammatically explains how the abundance of different elements in the universe verifies the Big Bang Theory. He notes that the card has little value because the usual kind of challenger of his proposition has usually made up his or her mind. Herein lays the challenge and, no doubt, fate of this book.
B003H9M1QM|4.0|Shipment and delivery were great.<br /><br />The movie is short and sweet.  I really thought the dream sequence went on too long - or maybe just dated - due to color animation being in its infancy.<br /><br />Many stereotypical characters that in today's society would never fly, does very little IMHO to detract from this Disney classic.  I watched it with my 5 year old and she is too young to pick up on them.<br /><br />Maybe the next time we watch it she will be old enough to notice them and we will have an age-appropriate discussion.  I will not censor the movie from her as some parents have done.
B0062NAVXA|3.0|Courageous gets 5 stars.  Clear portrayal of the Gospel, and the call to live a life honoring to Christ.  Men encouraged to stand up and live (through the power of Christ) the role that God designed man to have.  Spiritual leadership and accountability to their God, family, and friends.  Maybe the next movie will address women.  The only negative from Courageous was the nagging from the wives.  UltraViolet Digital Copy get a 0 stars out of 5.  Unlike other digital copies this is not possible to load (easily) in to iTunes.  To use the UV as designed you must install Microsoft Silverlight (not desired - especially on my Apple macs).  The digital copy was not available on release date.  Hard to believe Sony attaches their name to this poor product.  I will not be purchasing another UV product, ever...  Buyer beware.
B005V4X8JA|5.0|Been listening to CSN formany years. Always buy the latest and greatest masterings. Hoffman has done a excellent job considering the source recording. Vocals are very present. Good definition to the instruments. Some songs were much better than past offerings. The bass much more defind, especially in Marakesh Express. Very enjoyable!
B0000DZ3IG|4.0|I hd forgotten how much I enjoyed this soundtrack from my most favorite movie.  It took a little longer to receive than I thought, though it did arrive when promised.  The case was cracked, but the cd seems to play just fine.
B006QKKN14|1.0|1 hour 32 minutes I will never get back!  Should have spent less on special effects and more on the screen play.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I've been reading Stephen King for a long time, but I have to admit to harboring a good deal of resentment after the inevitably disappointing conclusion to the Dark Tower series. I haven't read a King book since that day in October 2004 when I finished the seventh Dark Tower novel. After several persuasive recommendations from dear readers for whom I have a great deal of respect, I decided to give 11/22/63 a try. I love the concept of Time Travel and the very human way we might react to its effects, so I thought it had promise.<br />Wow.<br />King has always been pretty good at character development, but this book is at an entirely new level. It's as if he has finally allowed himself to clear Roland and the Dark Tower out of his mind and come into his own. Like many, I expected King to produce a wonderful work of fiction about the world that might exist in this imaginative and idealistic scenario in which JFK lived past that fateful day. Since when has he been an idealist, though? The dark result is definitively King, and the tangible lives he creates are real enough to evoke very real emotions in this reader.<br />Well done, Stephen. No hard feelings?
B004N62KTG|5.0|This was a great way to countdown to Born This Way. This is one of my favorite songs of all time. PAWS UP FOREVER!
B000OEV3A8|1.0|I have only begun to read this book as it is required for a class I am taking and I cannot stand it.  The magazine-like writing style could be tolerated, but this man's self-aggrandizement is sickening.  It boggles my mind that this book sold so many copies.  His \\"data\\" is weak (to put it mildly), even though he has some sound ideas in the book, but they are NOTHING new, they are not \\"his ideas,\\" but a re-branding of other's ideas to make them his own.  I will finish the book as it is required for the class and re-review to see if I feel any differently about it at that time.
B005GVF95O|5.0|my three year old loves this app!! its challenging,  but still easy enough for him to play by himself.  Love it!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is much more addicting than it sounds! And the games are fun! I highly recommend getting this game and play!
B001I0T92Q|5.0|Having 32GBs on a PSP is amazing. I have the PSP 3000 now with multiple season of my favorite shows on the card along with other stuff. I still have a couple gigs to spare. Get this if you have a PSP!!!
0060574216|3.0|This book had some very good parts, with lots of useful information. However, there were many things that were just repeated over and over throughout most of the book. It was a struggle for me to stick with it and push through to the end.
B0050DZN4K|5.0|Beautifully designed blog and news reader app. I check it first thing in the morning and I mark articles for Read it Later. Love all the topic presets too, which has helped me discover new blocs.
B006DHASYM|4.0|While there are some pretty good ones out there, \\"rom-coms\\" have never really been my thing. However, I'm a firm believer that the brilliant comedic stylings of Anna Faris can make just about ANY movie watchable, and in this case, despite a so-so storyline, her impeccable track record continues.<br /><br />In a nutshell, Faris plays a woman who, after reading a magazine article which suggests the number of men she has slept with makes her statistically less likely to ever settle down and find \\"the one,\\" decides to revisit her old lovers in the hopes of snaring one of them back in for good. True, it is kind of a hokey premise, but not as \\"been there, done that\\" as some other plot devices I can think of. Chris Evans is very likeable (not to mention awfully yummy) as her neighbor who is in on her plans and helps her along, though eventually discovers he might just have some romantic feelings for her himself. Is it predictable? Very much so. Do romantic comedy cliches abound? Of course. But the two leads do have great chemistry, and with the plethora of wacky characters encountered along the way there are plenty of clever one-liners and naughty catchphrases you'll probably find yourself repeating in conversation the next day. So while \\"What's Your Number?\\" didn't break any new ground, I don't think it necessarily strived to, either. Rather, they treaded over the existing road and just made it a funner ride.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I like it play for hours kids play!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! would like to see different cards styled.  different back round style too
0811877485|2.0|These served their purpose, (4 hours on my wall for a baby shower) but they're pretty poor quality. The caterpillar (the most important of the decals) has a ugly crease in it from being folded in half, and was hanging off the wall after only a few minutes.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I find this app very helpful in my study to follow Gods word. There are many plans to get in the word.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|You have his other albums, why not a Christmas one?  Outstanding CD.  Purchased for my Mother - she loved it.  Merry Christmas.
B005HV6Y84|4.0|I bought this soundtrack specifically to evoke thoughts and feelings that came up for me in my reading/viewing of Breaking Dawn. From the viewpoint of someone who doesn't routinely purchase new music, I wasn't dissappointed in the BD sountrack. All of the tracks are basically good, and didn't fail to evoke imagery and emotion. That said, I would probably never purchase music from any of the artists individually, and can yet provide a favorable recommendation of the soundtrack as a whole.
0525478817|5.0|The fault in our stars is another great book from the always wonderful and extremely intelligent John Green. A book that will take you on a roller coaster of emotions, break your heart and piece it back together all in one book. Five stars, though I have never rated a John Green book any lower!
B004X80QNG|4.0|i hate the fact that it 9.99 for this i didnt buy the only thing is i am lookin for something like this one but not that much
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is very addicting you keep trying to unlock more and more games it is so fun!!!!you should get this amazing game.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Great movie. Bought thru amazon and had no problem.Rec. in just a fee days.  I also purchased,The blind side thru amazon and rec. that one in a few days. Good doing business thru amazon.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|The receiver of this gift LOVED it except she says now that she would have liked to watch the extras. I didn't think she cared about watching extras since she never does any other time we watch the movies but oh well, she was excited Christmas morning and hasn't stopped watching them over and over and over again since then. I think for the price I paid, it was very reasonable and well worth it.
B000RH0C8G|5.0|This was the first book I have read for entertainment in a long time and it has reminded me what can be so entertaining about non-fiction. Laughed out loud on several occasions, and I learned so much about baseball, both the institution and the science of the game. Strongly recommended!
B004J4WKTW|5.0|A lovely, highly creative book that captures the imagination. I curled up and enjoyed it thoroughly. My only dissapointment was that it ended. It is the kind of story you wish you could keep reading.
B004DMIIOG|5.0|This was a good movie and I let a friend borrow it so he could see it. He told me how much he enjoyed it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Lots of great games. Easy to get points to unlock the games as you go. You get points just for being persistent. Thumbs up.
B0055SWM08|5.0|of all the games I have on my kindle fire, no game really duplicates the simplicity, sophistication, and challenge like quell does. it is an enjoyable game that can become very addicting if you let yourself become addicted.  5 stars!
0393327345|4.0|Fight Club is one of those stories that tries to shock the reader and achieves that goal. How could one disagree with many of Mr. Palahniuk, I mean Mr. Durden's, philosophic meanderings? He paints a vivid, unvarnished mindscape of society's motivations and failings. My only regret, is that the cliches overpowered the possibility of trans-formative message. The real tale of his own vulnerability is locked away in the white spaces, which the author appears loath to set free, judging by this and his related works.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|simple games that are entertaining when some free time is available or to pass the time, the idea of unlocking games makes the whole process more appealing
B0063IH60K|5.0|When writing a review, I generally make a list of pros and cons.  However, I am hard pressed to find anything negative to say about this app.  As the name of the app would indicate, this is solitaire.  If you have ever played solitaire, you should have an idea of what to expect.  The layout and images are visually appealing.  The touch screen controls are tight (very sensitive and responsive).  Users can customize the rules to their liking.  Cards and background can also be customized.  The app is free, so it goes without saying that there are ads.  Fortunately, these ads only displayed during the initial deal and then are gone for the rest of the game (occasionally, no ads at all).  Shortly after I downloaded this game, I also downloaded FreeCell and Spider (Solitaire) from the same developer, MobilityWare.  I recommend both as well.<br /><br />Overall, this is a great game and a must download for solitaire fans.
B005NFVZTM|4.0|\\"X-Men: First Class\\" is a film that explores the Cold War-era origins of the superhero team the X-Men.  The film mostly takes place in the early 1960s, as corrupt mutant scientist/terrorist Sebastian Shaw (Kevin Bacon) manipulates world political and military leaders in order to hopefully set off World War III.  On Shaw's trail is Erik Lensherr (Michael Fassbender), who as a child was experimented on by Shaw while a prisoner of the Nazi regime in Europe.  Lensherr's mutant power is that he can mentally move metal to an assortment of effects-- which he earnestly uses in the facilitation of his revenge quest.<br /><br />Meanwhile, British expatriate Charles Xavier  (James McAvoy) has finished his doctoral studies in genetics, accompanied by his stepsister Raven (Jennifer Lawrence).  Xavier is also a mutant, with the gift of psychic communication.  Raven, meanwhile, can change her body's form to resemble anyone-- while her 'true' form is completely blue with scales.<br /><br />CIA agent Moira MacTaggart (Rose Byrne) stumbles across part of Shaw's plot, and she approaches Xavier as a consultant, to the consternation of her superiors.  He agrees, with the understanding that not all mutants fall into the \\"threat\\" category, and that he and newfound friend Erik will recruit mutants to help in service to the country.  But the alliance is threatened by Erik's zealous intent on murdering Shaw and his reflexive mistrust of humanity in general.<br /><br />Producer Bryan Singer (\\"Valkyrie\\", \\"The Usual Suspects\\") and director Matthew Vaughn (\\"Kick @$$\\") imbue the film with a heavily James Bond sensibility, hearkening to the early, non-ironic Sean Connery era of the films.  Several  X-Men characters are featured here for the first time, pulled from all eras of the long-running Marvel comic-book series.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|The hunger games was a masterpiece that left me craving for more, Catching fire was superb... and Mockingjay was a great book, but extremely hearbreaking.<br />I just finished reading it and am quite teary. The book is full of despair and there's almost no hope during all the book. When something seems to be bright, something unexpected happens and blows it.<br />Also, Katniss is not the hero I expected her to be. She was supposed to play a greater role... yet, she spent most of the time in the hospital.<br />The best thing about this book is that it is realistic and pictures things the way they would happen in real life. Yet, the reader needs some hope to keep reading. At times I felt like dropping the book because I kept losing hope, especially seeing Peeta the way he was. This didn't happen during the first two books.
1607053551|5.0|If you've ever visited Spoonflower or Karma Kraft and thought you'd like to design your own fabric then this book teaches you everything you need to know. Kimberly shows you how to design by hand and how to handle those pesky \\"repeats\\" as well as how to do it all in Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop. If, like me, you can't afford such expensive software then she also shows you where to find free software that will do much the same thing.  Throughout the book Kimberly consults a \\"round table\\" of famous fabric designers, including Amy Butler, Denise Schmidt, Jessica Moore and Tula Pink, and asks them how they face particular design challenges such as inspiration overload or designer's block and more.  This book takes you from the very beginning, with baby steps and lots of hand-holding. You'll learn about printing techniques, design software, fabric types and their suitability for printing, design aspects, colour choices and more.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and I'm keen to give it a go myself. If you're thinking of designing your own fabric this book is full of know-how as well as comprehensive lists of the resources you need to help you.  Excellent work Kimberly.
B003VANOFY|4.0|First off, all in all this headset is great.  Great sound (see below), not too heavy, fits my head well, good battery life.  Pros:  - Wireless.  In an active SW:TOR guild and can wear this outside to smoke and stay in ventrilo chat.  Decent range.  - Charges in about 2 hours to get 8-10 hours use (I had it on 7.1 surround the whole time).  I charged it once Friday when I received it and again Saturday afternoon so far (its Monday morning currently).  - Sound is great.  I have comments about this farther down.  It took little bit of work to get it sounding flawless.  - Not nearly as heavy as I thought it was going to be.  - G keys.  After getting the Logitech G700 gaming mouse and now this, I love the functionality of the G keys.  Only thing I wished is that the 'mute' button was another G key.  I dont see the point of having a dedicated mute button if the mic auto-mutes when rotated up.  I use mine for controlling iTunes in the background.  - Surround works great.  - Build quality.  'nuff said.  - Mic works well.  I use Google Voice as my main phone and called my mother to test it.  After she answered and asked \\"Who is this?\\" I realized that one of the voice changers was on by default.  She had a laugh and I felt like an idiot, but otherwise no distortion and very little background pickup that she noticed.  Cons:  - Sound can take some troubleshooting to get everything just right.  - Mute button.  No need for it as noted above.  - The three G keys can be a little tough to distinguish from each other, or that could just be I have big fingers.  Dealers choice on that.  Initial setup (Windows 7):  Same as any new accessory.  Install software.  Possible reboot.  Connect accessory.  Initially some bass frequencies were giving me lots and lots of distortion.  It was so bad that I thought I got a defective headset at first as changing settings in the software didnt make a difference.  I decided to just go online and Google search G930 bass distortion and guess what?  Manypeople have had the same problem and there are a number of fixes in the Logitech forums.  First one I tried didnt give me quite the results I wanted so I tried a second fix.  Sound is now crisp, beautiful, and clear.  Zero distortion at any volume level and I still have all the bass in the world.  I can feel the headphones vibrate with the bass explosions and have no issues with sound quality at all anymore.  All in all maybe 10-15 minutes worth of changing settings and testing with a variety of music to get it how I like it.  This is the only thing that keeps it from being a 5star product.  I stepped up from the EarForce x11 and to me it was worth it.  Wireless is just what I wanted, and after getting the sound right, sounds much better then the x11.
0741470314|4.0|Early in the introduction of her book, Dr. Karen Moriarty states, \\"This book is a sympathetic, empathic, and hopefully insightful look at Michael Jackson, who was both more and less than his public image. It is designed to celebrate his life and to perpetuate his legacy as the transcendent man that he was and is.\\" Throughout the tome that almost reaches 500 pages Moriarty labors unabashedly to deliver on her promise, but her writing style unfortunately weakens the impact the book might have had.  She opens the main section of her tribute with her own experience and her background as to how she came to undertake this project. She then moves to Jackson's return from abroad. Following his infamous 2005 trial in which he'd been charged with child molestation and then acquitted, Michael Jackson left the country with his three children and spent approximately a year-and-a-half in various locations outside of the U.S. In December of 2006 Jackson returned to the United States with his children and took up temporary residence in Las Vegas.  The 2005 trial shook Jackson's faith in people and permanently shifted something in his personality, Moriarty attests. Throughout the book Moriarty uses events and examples from Jackson's life to stress a succinct point made by Thomas Mesereau, Jackson's lawyer during the trial. Mesereau states, \\"Michael Jackson was vulnerable, gullible, impressionable, and nave. To Michael's great credit, he believed he could change the world with kindness, but, tragically, he was too generous to too many people.\\"  From the opening lines of her tribute, Moriarty uses her book exactly as the title indicates: she sets out to defend Jackson's seemingly eccentric traits and what some perceived during his lifetime as odd behavior. What appeared out of place to many was exactly the definition of normal for Jackson, Moriarty argues. His bizarre behavior fit his bizarre life circumstances, she says, and no matter how people perceived his behavior there was nothing unseemly or sordid about it.  Moriarty's loyalty clearly shines through as does her earnest desire to give Michael Jackson fans and detractors a just depiction of Jackson's life. What begins as a passionate defense, however, slowly spirals into redundancy and repetition. Moriarty uses several facts and examples many times over--almost verbatim in some cases--and the constant reminders of the particulars of Jackson's life detract from the intended effect.  While Moriarty makes her case well enough to cause the reader to end the book with a fair amount of sympathy and almost even pity for Jackson, she weakens her original goal of defending Jackson. Instead of offering readers a solid, professional assessment of Jackson's life and work and lacing it with her emotional connection to the singer, she allows her emotion to lead and loses the fine balance required in a work of this nature. The result is a book that sounds less like a reasonable argument and more like a passionate fan putting forth a benevolent \\"I told you so\\" list.  Long-time Jackson fans may enjoy this book as another close look at the one-of-a-kind star. But without firsthand interest in Michael Jackson's life, those who came to Jackson's music after his death may not benefit as much from Defending A King. This reviewer recommends this book first and foremost for those Michael Jackson fans who have a long association with the singer. All other readers may want to approach Defending A King somewhat cautiously.
B0058VW36U|5.0|well ive pkyed before but on my amazon kindle fire it wont let me doownload the app so if you could please help me!!?? I'm monkey and need cut the rope!
B0062NAX1U|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. The sad parts were incredibly sad , mixed with enough funny parts to keep the movie from being depressing the perfect balance.
B006ZDU7QI|5.0|I had never heard of Goyte (Gauthier) prior to hearing him on 107.7 here in Seattle over the weekend. I downloaded the album this morning and must say \\"Goyte is an amazing artistic sound;\\" he presents an original take on old lyrical issues (love, living and human experience) and the presentation of the accompanying acoustics. The sounds are reminiscent of the Sting and the 80s sounds, but much more, deeper sounding and thought-out.  If you enjoy music with a human feel about the human condition this is a great album. Especially in the era of remixed artists void of soul or talent Goyte is a refreshing change.  - Peace Monger.
1433502437|5.0|A lot of people have written a lot of words about this Bible, so I don't really have much to add to that. I will say the following, though, this is probably the best all purpose Bible I have ever had the pleasure of using.<br /><br />Translation<br /><br />The ESV translation itself is very accessible. If you want a very high quality but easily readable translation, this is an excellent option. An added bonus is that the translation has been released to the public for free, which means you will find this version in a much broader range of locations and styles than most other modern translations. Being one of the most recent translations, it is taking a while for publishers to gear up and start producing a range of Bible styles incorporating the ESV translation, but in another 10 years, I suspect the diversity available will only be rivaled by that of the King James Version. More Bibles in more hands is a very good thing.<br /><br />The Word itself, of course, is the core reason to purchase any Bible. Without it, it isn't a Bible. You can rest assured that this Bible has a solid core that stands out from all the other \\"features\\" of this Bible. If that's all you want in a Bible, then simply purchase a much cheaper (or download a free) ESV translation. You won't be disappointed.<br /><br />I am not a Bible scholar, and I am not fluent in Hebrew or ancient Greek languages. Therefore I cannot speak to the accuracy of the translation. All I can say is that a lot of acknowledges experts in the field feel this, along with the New American Standard, are the top two translations for accuracy using the best evidence available of what the original, God-inspired text likely was. I'm sure nits can be picked, and some reviewers here have. For the average Christian, though, if you advance enough in your studies that some of these things matter, you're probably better off learning the original languages anyway. For the rest of us who haven't progressed that far, or are more concerned with using Scripture to be more glorifying to God as individuals, this is an unbeatable translation.<br /><br />It reads very easily and the challenges that you come across will have more to do with the content and subject matter itself than the translation. One of the difficulties reading the Bible is that it often deals with social and cultural aspects that we, as modern humans, have little to no experience with. There are, of course, more similarities than differences, as humans have dealt with the same issues for millennia, but the books in the Bible were originally written for contemporaries of their writers, not for people living thousands of years later. This is not a matter of having the right translation, but of having the right context. This, then, is where having a quality study Bible can be most helpful.<br /><br />Study Notes and Commentary<br /><br />This Bible, as with most \\"study\\" Bibles, has extensive cross-referencing notes and comments about the  text itself. Lots of little letters and numbers, margin references to other scriptures, etc. These are great features and tools to have when winding your own path through the Scriptures. However, there is only so much you can gain from in context reading of the word itself when there are references to things that no longer exist in our modern world, and this is where the notes and commentary become most handy, and also potentially stray into controversial territory. This is where doctrinal beliefs can clash and there can be perceptions of bias (and real bias) that complicate things. This is where you must make your own decision about this particular version of the ESV vs. other versions available.<br /><br />I am very pleased to say the authors of this commentary took great pains to be as true to the text itself as possible. When there are doctrinal disagreements in how to interpret a particular section of Scripture, they tend to either state the most common interpretations of that passage or simply notcomment at all on that and focus more on the facts while side-stepping controversy. In my opinion they are very respectful of differing beliefs and are noncommittal to any particular interpretation other than being generally evangelical in their perspective. This makes this overall version of the Bible much more broadly appealing to a wide range of denominations and even nondenominational churches. Evidence of this can be seen simply in reviewing the list of authors who contributed content to the study notes and their diverse backgrounds as well as the wide range of endorsements it has received from various leaders from a wide range of the evangelical landscape, reformed or otherwise.<br /><br />While it's impossible to please all of the people all of the time, this is probably the most even-handed treatment of the subject matter I have ever encountered. If taken by itself, and published as a separate volume, the notes and commentary would make an excellent volume of its own, well worth the purchase price of this Bible as is. In a sense, you get a great commentary with an excellent English translation of the Bible thrown in for free.<br /><br />If I had only one Bible I could take with me to the proverbial desert isle, this would be the one. It includes a lifetime's worth of study and edification. A perfect gift to a new Christian OR one who has been growing for a long time.rsy. In my opinion they are very respectful of differing beliefs and are noncommittal to any particular interpretation other than being generally evangelical in their perspective. This makes this overall version of the Bible much more broadly appealing to a wide range of denominations and even nondenominational churches. Evidence of this can be seen simply in reviewing the list of authors who contributed content to the study notes and their diverse backgrounds as well as the wide range of endorsements it has received from various leaders from a wide range of the evangelical landscape, reformed or otherwise.  While it's impossible to please all of the people all of the time, this is probably the most even-handed treatment of the subject matter I have ever encountered. If taken by itself, and published as a separate volume, the notes and commentary would make an excellent volume of its own, well worth the purchase price of this Bible as is. In a sense, you get a great commentary with an excellent English translation of the Bible thrown in for free.  If I had only one Bible I could take with me to the proverbial desert isle, this would be the one. It includes a lifetime's worth of study and edification. A perfect gift to a new Christian OR one who has been growing for a long time.
B000W746GK|5.0|Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Single-Disc Widescreen Edition) is the second part of the Harry Potter series and a dandy of a movie. The second year of Hogwarts is about to begin and Harry Potter is warned by a small house elf not to return. This starts an amazing adventure filled with magic and fun. Some scenes might be a little scary for the wee ones so a parent close by can be good for comfort. Special effects are amazing and the music is also a treat for the ear. Truly a magnificent sequel. Well done Chris Columbus. Highly recommended indeed. 5/5.
B000P12LWY|4.0|I'm usually not one for short reviews, but I'm not used to reviewing movies/television, so I'll keep this brief :)<br /><br />Although, like most history buffs, the historical inaccuracies at every turn are a bit of a pet peeve, but aside from that this series is wonderful so far. It's a visual orgasm, the acting is amazing, and all though some of the actors don't exactly look like the historical figures they're supposed to be playing, their portrayal of them makes up for it. I will definitely be buying the second season.<br /><br />Now, as for the product itself, are all the copies of this set printed innaccurately, or is it just mine? My discs claim to have episodes 1-3 on Disc One, 4-7 on Disc Two, 8-9 on Disc Three, and 10 along with the special features on Disc Four (as well as disc four looking a little out of place in the set; all the others are printed with a photo, while the fourth is plain grey with the show's logo and episode number), but each of the first three has three episodes per disc, not three, four, and two. Am I the only one with misprinted discs and a grey fourth disc, or is this how all the sets are?
B003AYZBM0|5.0|The movie is my all-time favorite. Having said that, one can imagine that I didn't expect to find the book very interesting. I knew the storyline already, right? Well, I was wrong. If it would be of any worth to compare a book with a movie, well, I'd have to say the book deserves a 10/10 while the movie is a 3/10. And this is coming from somebody who rated the movie on IMDB with a 10/10. The only reason I bought the book is because I have a trip to Thailand booked in 2 months time (that includes seeing the Koh Phi Phi Lee Island, aka Maya Bay, where the movie was filmed) and I wanted to know all the details possible about travelling to Thailand from somebody who knows everything there is to know about the country, or travelling for that matter. I strongly recommend to see the movie first and, if you find interesting that kind of a storyline, then read the book. Top it up with a trip to Maya Bay and you have a once in a lifetime experience.
0810994739|5.0|Great buy for the price and the condition of the book was as listed on the product page. My son was able to read this before he watched the movie, so the experience was even better for him.
B004LUS390|1.0|I loved this app until I went and updated it a moment ago. Now, it crashes every time I try and load it. Using a Kindle Fire to run it. One of my favorite apps and U bought the paid version - Please fix!
B000MQ54OY|4.0|We bought this blu-ray for our 3-year old son as he loves all the Disney Pixar movies, we thought we would try something different.  After I ordered it I saw a number of reviews from people referencing the PG rating and the so called violence and sex and I worried if I made a mistake.  I didn't.  It was just people overreacting.<br /><br />Our son absolutely loves this movie.  I am rating it from his eyes because to me it is very boring and when I ask him if he wants to watch something, I can only hope he doesn't say penguins.  First off, there is no violence in this movie other than a mean looking seal that chases the penguin around as the penguin cracks jokes at him and a couple killer whales that toss a penguin back and forth between their mouths and eventually he slips away.  And there is no sex in this movie.  The penguins sing the same songs that any kid would hear on your basic top 20 pop station.<br /><br />My son laughs through this whole movie including the animal chase scenes.  If you have no issues with your children growing up in the real world, where in the circle of life animals chase and eat each other and have no problem with them listening to annoying pop music songs that 99% of the time reference love and sex, which 100% of the time is going straight over most kids heads; then I recommend the movie.<br /><br />If you are looking for some great plot that you will love as an adult and has some big message, this is not it.  It will put to sleep.
B005K17RU0|4.0|good, not great. wish radar feature was better. local news station has app for android but not available for kindle...frustrating.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really enjoy playing solitaire on my Kindle Fire as verse my laptop because it is easier to carry with me on trips and I like the way it operates.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|some of the games have wonky controls and seem impossible to beat but I still very much enjoy this game.
B005HS00V4|4.0|I'm really not sure what you \\"die hard\\" Peter Gabriel fans are complaining about?!? As an artist matures and changes things up a bit people always want to compare them to their previous work along with it's original delivery. I mean bands age, new members come and go, and instrumentation changes over the years. So with all that being said who bought this disc thinking you were going to be seeing one of Peter Gabriel's older shows would be disappointed. Is the tempo slower then his other concerts with the same songs, sure, however this time his arrangement is with a full piece orchestra. Many bands and artist have tried this and have fallen flat just because the music arrangement didn't match the artists original songs and just sounds weird. In my opinion many of Peter Gabriel's songs play well with this instrumentation changed. It's Peter's voice that seals the deal. As he has aged he still sound's great. The visual aspect of this piece was a little \\"Circ De Soleilish\\" but that's to be expected. Peter's shows have always been a little more about the presentation then just an artist on stage with his band. I enjoyed this disc and will play it over and over I'm sure. It's sonically well done and the visuals (non 3d) on bluray are well put together. It's on my list of demo material for a good audio/visual home experience. If you like Peter Gabriel and have followed his work you deserve to give yourself a look at this collection. Just go in with an open mind and I think you will be pleasantly surprised by the end.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|BRIEF SUMMARY<br />Round two of Christian and Ana's torrid and crazy affair together, is continued in Fifty Shades Darker. You learn more about Christian and find out what makes him so vulnerable. While Ana is still trying to figure out Christian and their relationship.<br /><br />THOUGHTS<br /><br />*Shaking my head* Christian and Ana are like a roller coaster ride. I think reading about them and getting to know them, I might need therapy after this. I enjoyed book 2; I enjoyed it a bit more because you're seeing the break down and different layers to Christian. Christian was more possessive and controlling in FSD, but it also brought out a good read for me. Ana, I think is finding her self a bit but still has to deal with Christian's constant meddling.  I also thought both their physical chemistry was explosive in book FSD. Though it seems like there is a lot going on in their lives, you tend to forget that both Christian and Ana have only known each other a few weeks, so reading about their torrid but immensely messed lives is addicting.<br /><br />FSD brought out more jealousy with past crazy lovers and present associates. It was good that we finally got to meet and see more of Elena aka Mrs. Robinson, I really felt as though she wants to have her cake and eat it too, when it comes to Christian.<br /><br />Storyline: GOOD<br />Intimacy: D.R.I.P (Don't Read In Public)/ VERY SPICY<br />Enjoyment: GOOD
B005Z271Y6|4.0|I'm new to Adele and her music. Picked up this disc for it's production and audio quality. I would have to say after watching this from beginning to end I am now a fan. Adele has some \\"pipes\\". She can sing and her delivery is full of emotion and power. The bluray is well mixed. A truly entertaining concert. Demo material on a good sound system. If you're an Adele fan or just looking for something to show off your audio/video system this disc is a must buy. I'm looking forward to her upcoming releases.
B00024I2Z4|4.0|Mulan is a special movie that I've always enjoyed- if nothing else for the sound track but I do enjoy the rest of it for comedy and a little bit of educational pieces for me when I was a kid.
B006Y5BWQG|3.0|I have been planning on watching this show. After viewing the first episode, I an underwhelmed. The Marilyn musical music is dull. The characters don't seem too interesting. The show needs to get better, fast.
B005WTR4ZI|5.0|I don't say this often, but I cannot stop thinking about this book.  The authors make a really compelling argument for what is really driving unemployment today.  They do a superb job of weaving together data and vignettes into a well thought out argument.  A must read for almost anyone in the workforce (or planning to enter the workforce). I work in technology and see evidence of the authors' hypothesis every day. The book is a quick read and easy to digest.
B0044XV3QY|2.0|I love the movie when I watched it on the theater so when I got the collectors addition that allows me to use the family audio i was exited to watch it with my children. Well, when the main char. Jake finds the native girl & right where they start arguing & she slaps him to ground he gets back up & uses the word \\"ass\\" i have NO idea why in the word they did not cut that out. I did not have time to call Amazon yet to ask if I got bad batch? But be warned if you got kids they will hear that word. Shame.... :(
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I am a 26 year old female, when I saw a preview for the film The Hunger Games, I decided I wanted to read the books as your imagination is always better than someone else perspective. I can't express how much I loved this trilogy! As soon as I finished the first book I immediately purchased the second on my kindle and ditto to finishing the second! I recommended it to another friend who read the entire trilogy in a weekend! It is so moving, the author does a fantastic job to pull you into the story, you are in the arena,fighting with the other tributes. You fall in love with MOST of the characters ;) I recommend this book, not only for its category of \\"young adults\\" but for someone of any age.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its pretty good...I.had a few problems but overall pretty good. I wouldn't reccomend it to impatient people though...but ok I guess
B0054JZC6E|4.0|These groups of games are highly addictive and fun.  Our entire family of six each have our own favorites.  Even the five year old can play.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this DVD.  I think it was a up close and personal look at Adele and was a fun concert even to be a viewer of the DVD.
B005QUQP76|4.0|I have mine for a couple of weeks now, and i have enjoyed using it quite a lot. The few notable things i want to mention is there is a Velcro loop that is used to hold the cord... it can be kind of annoying but also very useful depends how much you like to move around... I am a portable gamer with a laptop so its a nice addition. The rear of the mouse seems a little short but i was using broad mouse before this one, so for the first day of use or so i started getting pinky cramps after a few hours of play. preformance wise left and right click are extremely responsive, and the scroll wheel works well... however i would like to agree with other reviews when i say that then clicking in on the wheel is a little tough... there is a bit more resistance then i was use to at first, again this might be me being use to my old mouse... I no longer have this problem. Honestly the sniper button is an awesome feature however I very rarely use it as i don't usually play sniping during my fps gaming... though still fun to mess around with. the mouse is a lot more weighted then my old mouse but my old mouse was 15 dollars so that is probably durability of materials used speaking... it seems most of the frame of the mouse is made out of a metal which is very reassuring.  pros:  heavy weight  responsive clickers  no longer has software problems  awesome though rarely used sniper button  cons:  uncomfortable at first is using a palm grip  heavy wheel click  lacks adjustability of the other gaming mice.
0321701763|5.0|This book is very helpful for Photoshop users, and is easy to read and understand. This is a required text for a college Photoshop course, and by ordering through Amazon, I saved about thirty dollars from the campus bookstore price. This book was on my doorstep within days. Thanks, Amazon!
B006JPS1OM|3.0|I think it is a good game. I like that it changes each time you play. But I had to reset my Kindle Fire when I downloaded this game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Very fun game and a great way to pass the time!  It is a great game and is fun for all ages!
B004LWZW24|5.0|DVD came in GREAT condition. No scratches on the disc and the cover is even in great condition. Very satisfied.
B003L77GG0|5.0|This last season of Smallville was great. I love all the Smallville seasons. Getting this from Amazon saved me time and money.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|After years of camping and losing or breaking countless small folding knifes, I was in the market for a quality fixed blade camping knife. After doing some research, I found that the BK2 would be the best bang for my buck. It's an extremely high quality knife that Is made right here in the good ol' USA. The factory edge is nothing short of razor sharp. Most people don't believe that this is a sub-$200 dollar knife.  With a little effort, this knife will slay 8\\"+ oak logs. The blade remains sharp enough to curl tinder off of the baton'd wood afterwards. Amazing tool and I like seeing the finish wear.  The sheath is decent, it has nearly infinite potential as far as modifications go. I kept the sheath box stock except for a paracord belt loop laced through the holes. I also added a pouch to the front to hold a sharpening stone and fire-steel.  If you want a good fixed blade knife, and have $60 to spend... get the BK2. You WILL NOT be disappointed.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Awesomeness!!!! That is what I have to say about this game.... I cant believe it actually has 117 games in 1. I love this game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is just a puzzled game on some parts but over all it's realy just fun you realy need to play it's just amazing to play I would say that you need the game.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good for random fun when you're bored and need something to do with your time. I would definitely recommend this game.
B002Q9VPFM|5.0|I found this 5-disc collection of The Watchmen, and being a fan I had to get it.  I'm glad I did because, even though it was about 30 minutes longer, it had so much more detail to it.  It incorperates the Black Freighter cartoon into the actual movie when the kid is reading it at the newstand and that also lets the movie go into the storyline between the kid and the old guy who runs the newstand.  Even if you don't want the digital copy, or the 2 disc complete graphic novel on video (all 12 chapters with motion in it, so it brings the original story to life), or the incredible special features disc, you have to get this one no matter what even if you are just a part time fan or have never read the graphic novel.  This was the best $25 I've ever spent.  The only thing i didn't care for is the cover art.  It should have stayed with the smiley face and blood spot.  That symbol is as iconic as Superman's big S, and not having it there is definately a bad choice.
B000O98R7A|5.0|I own an original vinyl pressing of this album that belonged to my father. I'm 22 years old and I think this is the greatest rock album ever made. The sound and depth is amazing. I love the Beatles, Rolling Stones, and bands all the way up until today, but nor them nor a single teen pop, alternative rock band, or modern autotune hip hop artist has ever come close to the perfection contained in this album. Listen to it the way it's meant to be heard: ON VINYL! I converted it myself to MP3 and put it on my itunes and ipod, and I listen to it all the time.
B003Q6D2B4|4.0|This movie is very entertaining, even up to the closing credits. It makes you laugh and and root for the &#34;good&#34; bad guys.
B00140PK6O|5.0|Just love this series, and happy to have it for myself!  Thanks for getting it to me quickly and in good shape.
0545265355|5.0|the hunger game books trilogy was a very good easy read. there were times that i did not want to put the book down because it keep me wanting to know what happen next. i cant wait to see the movie when it comes out
B002XTBEDI|5.0|DVD's came quickly and in perfect shape.  This is a GREAT series and will be a wonderful addition to our DVD library.  Thanks!
B006PTL1QM|4.0|This film is not in Cronenberg's most common style but it is well done. It is nicely quaint and that is definitely the British touch in it, quaint to the point of nostalgia, mind you before the Fist World War in Austria and in Switzerland.<br /><br />But The film is divided between the sentimental conflict and impulses, that are also sexual, and the more serious subjects of the relation between Jews and Aryans in the German speaking Europe of the time on one hand and the theoretical and practical debate between Freud and Jung on the other hand. That gives to the film a strange equilibrium that definitely makes the sexual and sentimental side purely animalistic and the theoretical part a purely boring discussion between essentially males locked up in their impulses, repressions and other axioms.<br /><br />The sentimental side is simple. Carl Jung had liaisons, a little bit more than affairs with his own patients and played on the term by refusing their fees when he started the liaison or affair. At the same time he keeps a rather serene relation with his own wife who is extremely well-off. That sounds sordid and that is anyway a case of abuse of power from a person in an authority position to a person in a medically dependent position. That is unacceptable from any point of view. That side of the film is off-limits.<br /><br />The second question, that of the relations between Jews and Aryans before 1914 in German speaking countries is only expressed by Freud and is a total rejection of some compromise with the Aryans and an advice to the young student Jung had a liaison with to remember that Jews are not supposed to mix with Aryans and are supposed to keep together. This cast a bright light on the reasons of the ending of the relation of Jung and Freud, though it is true in a way Freud was too intellectually powerful for Jung to remain under his influence too long. The question at stake here is the fact that Jung considers that Freud brings too much sexuality in psychoanalysis.<br /><br />The third question is the continuation of the previous one. The debate between Freud and Jung before 1914. Can the whole psychology of a human being be reduced to his libido, hence to his sexual instinct or impulse? Jung starts thinking then that many other elements interfere with the psychology of an individual that come from the social and cultural field, both being time-sensitive and hence inherited from the past, from history, and hence the reflection of this history, including ancient history. Jung will go very far in that direction after WW1. A side issue is brought into the picture by Sabina Spielrein, the student and patient Jung had a liaison with. She seems to tend to think that a love relation, a sexual relation leads to the destruction of both egos in order to be able to produce a new one. This is by far the reduction of the sexual and sentimental impulse, the libido, to only one objective: procreation. This is dangerous.<br /><br />The point is that Wilhelm Reich is missing in that picture who will defend the idea that the libido aims mainly at getting pleasure and that procreation is only kind of a side effect, which it has become nowadays due to contraceptives and other birth control means.<br /><br />That reduces the debate to the arguments that will triumph in Scientology: the only basic and central aim of all life is the survival instinct, at the level of the individual, intercourse, the immediate group and the species. If sexuality has only one aim, procreation, if pleasure can only be taken into account outside procreation, hence outside a marital relation, if the only aim of the individual is to survive in a way or another, humanity is reduced to a herd of animals that have to be manipulated and brainwashed by the few powerful ones who will dominate by self appointment due to their force, no matter what.<br /><br />I thus regret this film does not step over 14-18 and does not envisage the later period of the 1920s and the 1930s, when things became quite different and a lot more interesting.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This product was 30 USD and I expected to get my money out of this product. Let me say this, it certainly does it's job and was well designed. The leather is nice and my Kindle Fire fits into it perfectly. The design allows you to plus head phones in while having the case closed and it is kept closed by means of a stretchy nylon strap. This strap allows you to keep the case open or closed, which is handy in many situations. I put my kindle Fire in my leg pocket while listening to Audio books. This case allows my screen to be protected during this time. Also, if you put your device into a book bad or other storage item, then things like keys and other metal items can scratch your kindle. This case protects it from most collisions. If you drop your device onto a table, this case helps absorb some of the shock. Overall, I would recommend this product, but do not pay over 30 USD for it...
B0052U59F4|1.0|I bought this based on the many, many glowing reviews here on Amazon; turns out I was initially dismayed by, and eventually very disappointed in the book. I'll state up front that it's generally well-written, something that's not necessarily a given in this genre. Not so good was our dark hero, the apparently simian-fingered Mr. Christian Grey--he turned out to be the least-enthralling character I've encountered in some time. To be perfectly blunt, for most of the story he was far less pleasant, less amusing, and more issue-laden than The Big Bang Theory's Sheldon, to the point that I quickly began *thinking* of Grey as Sheldon. Not quite the mental image I was hoping for, to say the least, but there it was, and reader-----it stuck, to the point that I started laughing at Grey's ridiculously constant tics and demands, which made him come off as a massive and creepy jerk much of the time. I can't help wondering whether if he hadn't conveniently been a billionaire he'd have rated a second of anyone's time (outside of a courtroom). I also found myself disliking the protagonist, Ana; the sole characters I could cheer for were her roommate and staunch advocate, Kate, and her own delightful \\"Inner Goddess,\\" who were both much, much saner and more self-respecting than she was.  I wanted to love this book, I really did, but maybe I'm just too old to have found groveling for a man--even a fictional one in the guise of BDSM--remotely appealing.
B00664AM5C|2.0|I could not wait to see this movie based on the premise and previews.  So upon release I tried desparately to rent it through my Blockbuster mail account and the local store and could not get a hold of it.  Finally decided to buy it and it was not worth the money!  Very slow moving story.  Very little action.  Great cast but I wouldn't waste money on a purchase now.  You'll watch it once and be done with it.  Put it on your rental list and wait for it to come in.  This same director did Haywire and again it is very slow.  Great concepts but need to be done better!
B00632HWOG|1.0|For some reason, the 10 emails showing in my inbox are from almost two weeks ago and I cannot get the thing to refresh.  I've tried putting it in landscape, as suggested by others here, but it still doesn't work.  None of my subfolders show any emails.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I highly recomend this app to anybody really. Kids of all ages and adults love it. Both my 6 year old cousin and my Uncle love it. There is a lot of action that keeps you playing all day.(not litterally)
B005LAJ1CC|5.0|I've watched this entire bio three times. The most poignant bit for me was George looking out a small window and saying he was worried that \\"They will all hate me\\" when he releaesed his newest and most spiritual work. He was afraid of coming out as a spiritual person. (Georgoe : Wherever you are now I am certain you are surrounded by love and light.)This video and story reminded me to trust. Even George Harrison had his moments. This was just one small part of a very important picture of a beautiful man. Get it and watch it until your heart melts as well.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Due to a move, I have not had access to my usual home surround sound speakers.  I purchased the X41's to supplement until I am able to get everything hooked up again.  That said, I might continue to use the X41's even after because I am so satisfied with them.<br /><br />I was initially turned off by a few of the bad reviews that they received.  Especially the concerns surrounding WiFi interference and the background 'hiss'.  After finding no better alternatives I purchased them.  They were extremely easy to set up, had them up and running in about 10 minutes.  The 'hiss' that some people complain about is not even worth noting because it doesn't detract from anything.  Calling it a 'hiss' is misleading.  Put on any high-end headphones and you are going to get the same noise.  It actually serves to mask some of the outside noise so its useful.<br /><br />I have not had any issues with the unit interfering with my WiFi signal.  I use a WiFi to connect my Xbox to the internet and my Xbox sits further from my router than the headphone base station and I have had no problems.<br /><br />The sound is excellent, easily what I was expecting and more.  The battery life isn't shabby.<br /><br />The headset is fairly comfortable although after a couple hours it tends to start putting pressure on the top of my head.  This isn't a big issue and hasn't been too annoying in the grand scheme of things.  Other than that and the color (white) I have no issues with it.<br /><br />I highly recommend them.
B005FITIGO|3.0|This movie has a superb cast, and a compelling topic, but unfortunately for me it fell flat, because the writing was too labored and the pacing too slow. The film focuses on one night at a fictional investment firm when it's discovered by a young analyst that with the firm's current holdings, their projected losses far exceed the total valuation of the firm - in other words, it's all about to fall apart, ala 2008. It's a tight drama, spanning about 36 hours, with most of the scenes taking place inside the offices of the firm, as the various players struggle to come to terms with this reality, what to do (or not do) about it, and what it means for them. The players include Stanley Tucci as a middle manager specializing in risk assessment who develops the model highlighting the issues, but is let go before he can complete them; Kevin Spacey as a higher level manager, the only one to show anything close to a human heart; Demi Moore as a cold Risk Management VP; Jeremy Irons as an even colder head of the company; and Paul Bettany, Zachary Quinto and Penn Badgley as various underlings involved.<br /><br />Part of the problem for me is that the financial issues involved are all left very vague, so this isn't a film you will learn much from. It is meant to be more focused on the individuals involved, and the ethical dilemmas they faced (or didn't, as many aren't worried about much more than their own skins.) But the only individual that seems even close to three-dimensional is Keven Spacey - the rest are stereotypes. So it doesn't work as an emotional drama, because there isn't much emotion. The dialogue often feels very labored and false - you'd think there would be a little more confusion and anger on a night like this. Everyone also shows up for a crises meeting at 2am in full suits without a hair out of place, which seems a little labored as well. So we don't really get a new perspective on the crises, and we don't really get pulled into the inner lives of these characters either, so what's the point?<br /><br />That being said, Kevin Spacey, Stanely Tucci, and Jeremy Irons are all actors worth watching even in a so-so film, so that keeps it from 1 or 2 star status for me.ters either, so what's the point?<br /><br />That being said, Kevin Spacey, Stanely Tucci, and Jeremy Irons are all actors worth watching even in a so-so film, so that keeps it from 1 or 2 star status for me.
B0052T7I18|5.0|I received Rocket To Russia (one of my favorite albums) in the mail today. I was really happy to own my favorite Ramones album on vinyl. But when i took it out of the sleeve and onto my turntable it started to play fine to Cretin Hop but all of a sudden during the song it skipped then played more and skipped again, and again, it did the same on almost all of the songs. As you can tell I was pissed. I even tried the trick where you put the coin on the cantaleiter to put more pressure on it so it plays deeper. didn't change a thing... so I put it back in the sleeve thinking; \\"how could they ruin Rocket To Russia\\". I also have Road To Ruin and Ramones coming today, I will be pissed beyond belief if they do the same.... Well at least Joe's Garage came today so I can listen to that classic. I really hope I can find a way to fix it. I love Rocket To Russia, and it better work!!    Update!  I tried it on my other turntable and it worked fine so I may just need another needle on my other one. Ill look into it. I am sooooooooo happy that it works!!!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the app does just what it says it will.  youmust read directions on.most games and they r challenging and fun
145162445X|1.0|If you define \\"nothing\\" as \\"something\\" and start your argument from there then how have you answered the question?  Remember the old tale \\"The Emperor's Clothes\\" in which the naked emperor was scammed into thinking nothing was a tailored outfit?? All the \\"smart\\" people believed the emperor was richly clad, it took a child to say he was naked.  In this book, the emperor has no clothes.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app really helps your relationship with God.  It is a Bible right in your hands but lighter and easier to use and find things.  You can bookmarks passages you like!  I really reccommend this Apo to anyone interested in studdying the Bible and getting to know God better.
B002WJI63A|5.0|I bought this doll for the daughter of a friend of mine to help celebrate her 5th birthday. Grace is in love with it and has carried it with her constantly (and slept with it) since she received it last Friday. It has made her very happy.
0062119044|5.0|***SPOILER ALERT******SPOILER ALERT******SPOILER ALERT******SPOILER ALERT***<br /><br />Well, I deserved it ... I've always said I love \\"dysfunctional-family novels\\" and it doesn't get more dysfunctional than this. This is also the most disturbing/depressing book I've read since \\"A Fine Balance.\\" I gave it five (Goodreads) stars because that means \\"it was amazing.\\" It WAS amazing, not in an \\"I-really-love-this-book\\" kind of way, but in a \\"this-is-the-most-interesting-book-I've-read-in-a-long-time\\" kind of way.<br /><br />This book also scared the living daylights out of me, because I've never had kids and never wanted any. Somewhere inside me has always been the fear that I'd end up a cold mother like Eva and/or that I'd end up with a child-from-hell like Kevin. Of course, this is fiction (thank God!), but we all know the situation protrayed in this book has happened many (too many) times ... and we all know mothers like Eva and kids like Kevin (even if they don't end up doing what Kevin did.)<br /><br />I found myself experiencing a seething anger throughout most of the book, not so much at the ultimate outcome but at Kevin's father, Franklin. His \\"happy-go-lucky-everything's-fine-there's-nothing-wrong-with-our-son-it's-his-mother\\" attitude to be infuriating. I wanted to slap him silly and yell \\"wake the f@#$ UP, you idiot!!!\\"  I was supremely pissed at the end of the book when it became apparent that Eva would never have the satisfaction of knowing she was right all along and that Franklin had been an idiot throughout.<br /><br />Great book, and one that will keep me thinking for a long, long time.
0439023513|2.0|Collins surely had a difficult path to tread. After writing two fascinating books, after having weaved a fine picture of Katniss Everdeen, the Capitol, the glamor ,frailty and tragedy of life, Collins had to do something to not end up totally predictable and yet not be repetitive. She didn't want to elevate Katniss to the level of a superhero, she has tried hard not doing it, right from the start. To maintain that consistency of character, to make the whole love triangle look sensible and to deliver high doses of drama and action (which she must have presumed as the reasons for success of her earlier books) Collins does the inevitable. She loses track.  It's not the entirely mindless killings that is so bad about this book. There were plenty in the previous books. But then, the sheer pointlessness of all the death in the context of the book that makes them absurd. I did give her the benefit of doubt- perhaps that was the idea, to show starkly how the whole concept of war and killings is pointless. I am sure that's the popular opinion too. But really, she should have written another series just for that purpose! When I read through all the gory death, I had no idea who to root for! I understand she meant to show how any great individual will be reduced to the level of a pawn when violence and hunger for power takes over but I am not convinced it made justice to the original story she set out to tell.  And as most people felt, I absolutely was let down by the fact that Finnick's and Prim's deaths were non-events! Was it because Katniss had previously mourned Rue's death?  While she goes really long distance to maintain Katniss's character, she destroys Gale completely. It could be that Gale didn't have much of a character in the previous books and all that we imagines was through Katniss's eyes. But his reactions just don't add up!  Another weak point in the story is how Peeta is brought back and his role after that! I don't understand whether this was the author's way of messing with the readers or just bad writing. If it's the former I'm very impressed but I doubt if it is so.  Finally, I truly read this breathlessly and was glad it was finally over! I had dreamed of the moment when I'd finish this and go to sleep dreaming about all the greatness Everdeen achieved. Now I just wish the bitter aftertaste disappears soon enough!
B004SDEP38|1.0|This app does not do anything but take up space on your android phone or tablet. Everything in which it says it can do needs the full version to use. All you can do is look and delete local files. I would not recommend this app to anyone.
B004SBX112|5.0|Angry Birds Seasons is a fun way to pass the time!  The seasonal themes are all fun, some more so than others. Love the new \\"air bag\\" bird from 2012 Halloween theme. If you've played the Angry Bird original or RIO games, you probably already realize how quickly this game becomes habit forming. The themes just make the experience that much more fun!
B002UZ5CHO|5.0|Just looking at the cover of this DVD will give you an idea of what lays ahead; however, the magnitude is astounding.  What you think you know, and what you actually know are two total worlds apart and this DVD proves it.  It takes what we have heard in the news and looks deeper, opening the doors to issues that have long since been considered taboo to some.  Images of abuse, neglect, and blatant disrespect for not only the animals, but also the farmers, workers, and environment by big companies is brought to light.  Companies like Perdue and Tyson, major retailers of chicken products, are just two of a handful of names that are mentioned and investigated.<br /><br />This DVD gives you an all access pass into the inner workings of our food systems.  They take you by the hand and then throw you head first into the ugly truth behind the pretty packaging that you find in supermarkets.  That farm and cow you see on the label is actually a plant that uses a false front to hide the horrible treatment of both animals and, in some cases, the employees as well.  Cows stuffed so closely together that there is no room to breathe, manure all over the floor, caking their legs and their hides, as they are forced forward to the slaughter.  Chickens locked away with no light, forced to eat foods that make them grow too fast.  Their bodies are so heavy that their bones, which have been unable to keep up with the accelerated growth rate, can not handle the pressure.  They lay in the floor after only a couple of steps, and sometimes, they never again get up.  Workers wade through the mass of chickens who struggle to  get out of there way as the men and women retrieve the dead carcasses of the chickens and throw them to the side to be collected and dumped.<br /><br />The world runs on the principle of supply and demand.  With the introduction and advances of the fast food industry, the meat industry has been hard pressed to come up with the supply to meet the demand.  The answer they have chosen not only affects the animals, but us as well, though we don't know it.  The food companies have done a wonderful job of laying a veil over our eyes, preventing us from seeing what exactly goes into our food and how it gets from point A to point B and then to us.  Food, inc. rips away the veil and it will leave you speechless.<br /><br />I must warn you, though.  If you are easily upset or queasy, be careful when watching this movie.  It is interesting, informative, but also intense.  I will recommend it to my family and friends in hopes that they too will see what is happening and move to make a change.  This film shows that we can't depend on the government to change the standards, only ourselves.<br /><br />If you watch it, don't forget to see what it is trying to show you.  Take a deep look and install these images in your memory for when you go to the store next time.  When you're standing before the meat section, internally debating about what you want to fix that night, stop and read the label.  Look for where it is made, what is in it, and keep going from there.<br /><br />Watch.  Listen.  Learn.<br /><br />Most importantly...<br /><br />Apply!  Apply what you learn to your future choices so that the food industry has no choice but to change the way they handle our food.  The substance that goes in not only our mouths, but the mouths of our families.  We have the right to good food, and this DVD is a good starting point to show you how!affects the animals, but us as well, though we don't know it.  The food companies have done a wonderful job of laying a veil over our eyes, preventing us from seeing what exactly goes into our food and how it gets from point A to point B and then to us.  Food, inc. rips away the veil and it will leave you speechless.  I must warn you, though.  If you are easily upset or queasy, be careful when watching this movie.  It is interesting, informative, but also intense.  I will recommend it to my family and friends in hopes that they too will see what is happening and move to make a change.  This film shows that we can't depend on the government to change the standards, only ourselves.  If you watch it, don't forget to see what it is trying to show you.  Take a deep look and install these images in your memory for when you go to the store next time.  When you're standing before the meat section, internally debating about what you want to fix that night, stop and read the label.  Look for where it is made, what is in it, and keep going from there.  Watch.  Listen.  Learn.  Most importantly...  Apply!  Apply what you learn to your future choices so that the food industry has no choice but to change the way they handle our food.  The substance that goes in not only our mouths, but the mouths of our families.  We have the right to good food, and this DVD is a good starting point to show you how!
B004LUS390|4.0|I really like this app. Very clean layout. Fairly intuitive interface once you get used to it. Great to make sketches with.  However, the recent update has caused it to loop on the \\"Accept/Reject Terms and Conditions\\" prompt upon startup after the update. I've contacted Sketchbook and Amazon. May be a known issue or I did something wrong during the update. (I've tried uninstalling/re-installing, etc)  I hope it gets resolved one way or the other as this is probably my favorite App on the fire. I use it about daily.
B002N2SYAG|5.0|Bones is an amazing series that focuses on a group of researchers and scientists that work for the Smithsonian.  If you have made it to season 5, I'm sure you are quite aware of this fact as well as who the series focuses on in particular.  Since the first season of this series I have been entranced.  Instead of the normal series full of heinous murders, this series gives you an appeal that many others do not.  Old, new, big, and/or small.  No murder is left unsolved!  Who is the one to do it?  None other than 'Bones' as Agent Booth would call her.  Colleagues, however, refer to her as Dr. Brennan.  She doesn't work for the FBI or any other agency.  She works for science!  Her job is to look at bones and tell the hidden story that they hold, and she does it well both in her field and in the field with Booth.<br /><br />Season 5 is just another great addition to the series.  With each episode, you come to love the characters more and more.  They become so much more as well.  They are no longer actors on the screen but people who you come to like, love, and hate.  You laugh when they laugh, and you cry when they cry.  It's so much more than just a series about beating the bad guys, it's a series about being more than just what you are and doing more than people ever expected of you!  Dr. Brennan is a perfect example!<br /><br />So sit back, relax, and be prepared to be entertained and intrigued!
1579128149|4.0|My girlfriend is a Scientist and loves the Periodic Table, so I thought this would be a great gift. She keeps it with her at work. It's a pretty large book and has picture of elements in every state and has a lot of neat facts about the elements. This is a good book for all you science nerds that love the periodic table or anyone in school that is interested in learning more in depth information.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is an ok game I did not like it at first then it got better and now I love it
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love this game, it's easy to pick up and you can get through a game pretty quick.  Great if you are busy or have frequent interruptions.  It's easy to get hooked and I would've paid for this one.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game or I should say games are very addicting ive gotten stuck playing it for hours before..I like it its fun
B004FOA84A|4.0|very good game to do with your 5-10 year old, challenging enough and a touch spooky. worth the price for sure.
B0040UAYI4|5.0|I have had the EE for just over a month and i am starting to get the hang of how i should be messing with it! You can start to game with it in a matter of mins! once you set up your controls on the pc you can just jump straight on to the console and play! BUT you will/do need to mess about with all the axis and what not to get the movement the way you like!!  Some people just think it will do it all for you well that is not the case, you need to read the manual ofc and also go to the \\"penguin United\\" web site and have a look around in there forums for help as i am sure what ever question or problem you have it will be answered all ready since there forums are really helpful! You don't need a brain to work it all out you just need time to get to grips with how it works but trust me it is easy after you have messed about with it for a day or 2!!! I only play BF3 and it work perfectly!!! the aim is dead on and there is no slow turning!! and to be honest you have a slight advantage over those playing with a joypad, i always finish in the top 3 on the scoreboard so i must be doing something right??  If you are thinking about buying it but are not sure i say GET IT!!! you wont be disappointed!! i'm a pc gamer my self and i think this is going to get you as close to a mouse and keyboard feel on the console than anything else!
0439023513|3.0|**Spoilers**  I want to start out by saying that I loved the first and second books; I simply couldn't put them down and they were written very well that really brought you closer to the characters.  After seeing what Katniss and Peta had gone through, the thing that was pulling me through the last book was to see if they ended up together.  The fact that they did was the only reason this book is getting 3 stars instead of 1.  So, here are my gripes:  Prim and Finnick - what happened?  I get that it is war and people die, but there was no emotion in their deaths.  I litterly cried when Rue died in the first book (only time I have ever cried from a book) and when these two characters bit the dust . . . nothing.  Collins did not do them justice with their deaths and didn't make the readers feel the pain.  Their deaths were not tragedies, only how it was written.  Peta - OK, I get that he had been hijacked, but he played such a small role in this book and I felt that Katniss neglected him when he was the victim.  She should have played a bigger role in his recovery and I think there were a lot of missed opportunities to see him fall back in love with her, but it just seemed to have happened with no growth visible to the reader.  Katniss - I hated her by the end of the book.  I hated the decisions that she was making and she turned from a very likable and relatable character to someone that I hated.  Not just with what she did to Peta during his recovery, but her decision to keep the Hunger Games going when it came to a vote in the end.  She voted to continue the very thing that she was trying to stop.  How is it justice for kids to pay for the crimes of their parents/grandparents?  If you have become the very thing you are trying to destroy, then WHAT'S THE POINT!?  And what about when she killed Coin?  She didn't even accuse her, just assassinated her without any charges or trial.  Rebelion is one thing, but this was something far different.  I really hope that the first and second movies stick to the books but I hope that the writers for the third movie just throw this book out . . . but I know that won't happen.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|I own this game on PC iOS and Xbox 360. The game is totally broken on ics.  pop cap I expect better!!!!! glad I got this for free or I would want my money back.
0439023521|5.0|When I read this book, I got more into it than any other book that I have ever read.  I loved every minute of it and I'm sure it will get read again not too long from now.  The only thing I didn't like was how the relationship ended at the end of the book . . . but that just made me pick up the second book as soon as I finished the first, so I guess her plan worked.
B002BWP49C|2.0|I predicted it in my review of the book: Breaking Dawn, the movie, will be a train-wreck.  Wouldn't you know it, I was right.  Ignoring for a moment the scathing reviews this film has received from critics everywhere, the story itself was predictably over-dramatic. While this chapter deals with more adult issues (marriage, children, etc.) the movie failed miserably at any and all attempts at maturity. In fact, I found myself laughing more than anything else during this movie, which I'm sure irritated the Twihards to no end.  Let us begin with the positives... Oh, wait, there aren't any. Sure it was funny, but something tells me that wasn't entirely intentional.  So, the negatives... Well, there are too many to list. From the anti-climactic wedding, to the disturbing honeymoon, all the way down to the unsatisfying ending, Breaking Dawn Part 1 is a bad setup to what will be an even worse conclusion. That's my prediction, and I'm sticking to it. See it for yourself, but don't say I didn't warn you.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I've finally watched the episodes I missed. I love Daria. It's a smart, witty and funny show and above all, characters have real depth. And, they behave in a psychologically realistic way.  Only drawback is the DVD menus and the theme song have low quality sound (the rest of the DVD is fine).  Definitely lived up to my high expectations. I love it.
B003ES61EE|3.0|The felt pad side to remove smudges doesn't work too well.  It moves smudges from one area to the other.  If you put too much pressure the tip will come off to reveal a reverible smaller felt tip(triangular shape).<br /><br />The brush is convenient... but the pen as a whole is just so so.
B002APU580|5.0|I have not had the pleasure of watching the mini series but i dare say i found the movie riveting and was left asking for more.I will definately look out for the mini series.It is a fantatic movie,had me twirling my hair and blushing watching the tension between Mr Darcy and Lizzy.You can tell am a sap for love stories.I particularly like this one for its Lord bless the lack of non-sensical scenes and parts that more often riddle a film making them rather tiresome to watch or follow.This is a must watch.
0525478817|5.0|The Fault in out Stars has become my favorite book of all time. From beginning to end its a book that tells the honest truth. This book it such an emotional roller coaster, that your brain might get confused. From laughing your butt off to sobbing your eyes out to laughing through the sobs, this book changes your life in some way, no matter how small. The story touched my heart, and with that, the only thing I have to say, is thank you John! Thank you so much for writing this piece of art!
0316056863|4.0|Not really, though. Great book. I will say that it wasn't what I thought it was going to be going into it, but I chalk that up to me assuming it was going to be one kind of book without doing any research to back that assumption up. I thought it'd be humor essays, and it was, but it was far more personal than I thought it was going to be. That being said, it was still a great read. Very self-aware, very insightful.
B004LUS390|5.0|My previous comments, \\"This excellent program just went from a 5 star rating to non-functional on my Kindle Fire. The lastest update causes the program to crash when you launch it,\\" needs to be changed to reflect the present situation.  The version of Sketchbook Mobile that I downloaded from Amazon on 2/9/12 (v1.3.6.0) works just fine again on my Kindle Fire. I'm glad to have this FIVE STAR program back again!  *****
B00579EL18|4.0|You can ignore the 1-star review as it's totally wrong. Yes, Corelli throws off the extra high notes but that's what theatre is all about and what makes opera exciting. And Tozzi does not have pitch problems. If you want to hear a boring one without the theatrical feel and the extra highs, then go to any Met performance now.<br /><br />However, an even better performance of DON CARLO was the 1961 broadcast. Aside from Corelli, that one stars Curtis-Verna (not a Tebaldi or Rysanek but adequate), Dalis, Sereni, and Hines. It's available on Walhall 349. Altho if you have an allergy to extra highs, Corelli is even more generous in the 1961 broadcast.<br /><br />By the way, this broadcast, contrary to Sony's label, is available on the Living Stage label in the same sound quality and no extras (such as Milton Cross' commentary). By all means get this one (if you don't have the earlier one) but definitely get the Walhall (available from BRO or the UK Amazon website).
B006MHWXMS|5.0|has good features and works pretty well. you can set tasks based on urgency and set reminders on whatever tasks you want.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I've read a fair amount of reviews lately, and I'm surprised by how dimwitted some of them are.  First off, SO many people thought this would revolve around Katniss's love-triangle scenario.  The first two books didn't even focus on that, so I'd don't even see how this idea could have formed.  This is a realistic story about war, and its effects on everyone involved with it.  I'm no veteran (I'm just a teenager), but even I can handle that.  While this book has its disappointments, such as Katniss's numerous times in the hospital, it's a pretty good read.  I'm astounded by how many people thought they'd get a nice happily ever after ending, which is pretty naiive.  I understand some people think Katniss always remained in the whim of others, but it was HER choice to *SPOILER ALERT* kill Coin.  Snow merely presented what he knew.  Katniss herself made the decision.  I also don't understand how the epilougue is disappointing.  Katniss get's married, has a family, and District 12 is slowly repopulated.  In my opinion, that shows that even in the darkest of times, when all seems lost, we can always rebuild.
B006ZDU7QI|4.0|I have got to know about Gotye from the \\"Walking of the earth\\" cover  for \\"Somebody that I used to know\\".  And I really liked the album as a  whole.  Initially I got surprised with somewhat elevated noise level  within \\"Somebody...\\" but as Wouter kindly described -- absent sterile  sound was intentional, so I will just enjoy this artistic notch now  ;-)
B0063GORYU|5.0|It is as fun as the game I have on my personal computer! Fun...challenging...I play this on a regular basis. Many ways to challenge yourself!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I truly love this Bible app for my kindle fire I use it everyday. Love the different translations. I read along with the narrator. I also like the highlight and share features. The kindle saves my place automatically I just start off where I left off. I love that it offers multiple reading plans will be experimenting more with this later. Thanks Amazon for this great app.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I was at first a little skeptical at ordering the complete series as I saw so many negative reviews. When it arrived I immediately opened it and began my marathon! RIght now I'm in season 5 and I've only had a few minor skips/pauses. The packaging is great, and its a soft glossy area where the DVD's are held, not plain cardboard. Glad I got it!
B000K4WPCC|3.0|To be completely honest, after going off of a Friday Night Lights binge I was trying to find everything that might include a little bit of Taylor Kitsch.  I found his portrayal of Riggins to be amazing, and his range of acting made me want to see more.<br /><br />While this movie didn't fail in casting some seriously good looking guys (and putting in a gratuitous swimming scene that involved speedos), the rest of it kind of failed for me.  I'm a huge fan of supernatural/paranormal movies/literature so I was excited to see that Kitsch was included in something like this.  But the script was just...ridiculous.  It seemed like the movie could have been great, there were decent effects and an interesting story line, but the way it was executed was just plain ole' corny.  If you're looking to have an hour and a half of pretty faces, it's good.  But if you're looking to be entertained, or see any sort of arc, it's kind of disappointing.
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|The story itself would be pretty run-of-the-mill ex-spies on the run being hunted down for what they know (yep, basically Bourne series was the latest to mine this) but this movie reaches far beyond its B movie roots because of an excellent cast. Bruce Willis channels his best stoic Die Hard character. The woman from Big (Mary Louise Parker) is plausible as his love interest. Throw in a Morgan Freeman, John Malkovich playing his usual loopy self and Helen St. Mirren as a guntoting sniper, well, have you got a movie or what?<br /><br />There's even a gratuitous Mermaid Man (Ernest Borgnine of Spongebob voice work fame...I threw that in there for the kids) and Richard Dreyfuss as the baddie.<br /><br />The whole thing works because of the acting period. Obviously, the actors had a ton of fun doing this and that is confirmed by the 30 minute extra on behind the scenes. Also, the director is a genius. His dissolves to each location by slapping up a postcard be it of New Orleans or New York City and how the camera zooms in to the location within the postcard is way cool.<br /><br />The extras also rock as there's a great animated CIA conspiracy history, commentary tracks with an ex-CIA operative on there as well as this Red trivia track you can fool around with.<br /><br />FYI, the movie title does not stand for some Communist plot (although Brian Cox plays an ex-KGB agent) but stands for \\"Retired Extremely Dangerous.\\"
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I read pretty much anything that Nicholas Sparks puts out.  Obviously i like some better than others.  This one like the others is a page turner.  However, i found the whole thing really depressing. I was actually frustrated with it by the time the end came.  Just when you think the redeeming quality is coming, it just gets more sad.  I found it fairly predictable, meaning i knew the big connection long before it actually got there. That really wasnt the most disappointing part for me.  It was the way everything else played out.  I will continued to read his books because most of his stuff is amazing but my advice......skip this one!
1933865407|5.0|What a triumph!  This book is filled with vixens in Timm's signature style. Some dynamic, some action but all amazing. It's slightly oversized and quite long with a girl per page, for the most part. This tome is light on text and even lighter on his background, which would have been nice, but it's available elsewhere. (See Modern Masters.) There are maybe a half dozen to a dozen pages showing pencils and the subsequent paint.  Would I have loved more process? Of course, but Timm gave us this and we should all be grateful. Timm takes the pinup and owns it completely.
B006XATQ3I|5.0|I was on the edge of my seat for this one! Can't wait until the next one. I pay for the season in order to watch on my Verizon Rezound phone, Awesome!!!!!!!!!!
0374275637|2.0|My take on this book.  The central message is that if you give people a problem and then give them insufficient or misleading information, they get it wrong.  I struggle to see how this is profound or insightful.
B0034G4P9E|5.0|I have a rather large collection of high def movies but I rarely leave a review on them. Its too much a matter of perspective whether a person likes a particular movie or not. Occasionaly I'll leave a movie reviewed based on the product itself such as exceptional audio/video quality or extras. This movie though is one of those true exceptions. I rented this movie last week which was a waste because I immediately went and purchased it right afterwards. This is definitely one of those movies I could continue to watch over and over with out growing tired of it.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games series is simply incredible. I was hooked and finished all three books in just two days, I couldn't put them down for even a moment. Just read it, chances are you won't be disappointed! I know I wasn't.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app helps me too take gods word wherever I go in a small lightweight tablet.I would recommend this app to Christians all over the world.
B000JML7EC|5.0|Treasure Island is a non stop thriller of excitement, pirates and mutiny. This exciting classic was told by the young Jim Hawkins about the finding of a map to Treasure Island. The enchanted young buck gets the map from the dying Billy Bones. He later finds that it is the infamous map of the legendary Captain Flint's never ending treasure. He takes the lucky find  to his friend Doctor Livesey and they were off to sea. They find the most trustworthy sailor by the name of Long John Silver. He gets them the most seaworthy crew and all seems well until the Captain warns them that the crew is untrustworthy and mutiny is in the air. Swashbuckling abounds! They are in for an adventure that they must see through to the end. Few thrillers today can match all the twists and turns of this legendary tale. Yo ho!
B004O3YGMC|4.0|4 Stars. The only problem is that it resets the screreen resolution on the home computer. That being said, I have been using the app to about two weeks and it will save my bottom with a Power Point presentation that the school computer is too old and slow to show! I am presenting on my Kindle,  synced to my home computer. Boy, will THAT drive the dog crazy! I will have to put the computer in a separate room.
B000JQUKKU|5.0|The celebration of Christmas as a time of giving and joy was in decline at the book was written. DIckens literally rose Christmas from the grave to show his fellow Londoners the importance of the holiday and it wasn't silly that we all put on our red and white hats for one day a year to share in yultide glee. Since then Scrooge has become a household name and a symbol of overcoming greed and avarice. The use of the three ghosts was a brilliant technique to make Scrooge consider his life. I also loved the rich details of Christmas dinners and throughout London.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think its an awesome game. the graphics aren't jaw dropping but I enjoy the app. I find cool that you have to beat other games in order to unlock a new one.
B002RKRV4Y|4.0|I read this story as a young man as I began looking for meaning and purpose in my life. I had times when I smoked or drank too much or maybe chased women around but it made me feel less than fulfilled. At that time I became interested in Eastern Wisdom and Philosophy. Reading books like the Art of War and I Ching. I stumbled upon this thinking it was the actual biography of Buddha and it is not, it is Hesse's take on that, but this actually was perfect for my needs. Hesse is the intrepid Western explorer who like many of us seeks soul and purpose and found it in the East. This book is one of many he wrote where he pursues that fascination. As alway the writing is great. Buddha is primarily a literary device, though there are parallels with the events of Buddha reaching Nirvana as detailed in Buddhism.<br /><br />I will always remember Siddhartha standing in protest as his father tried to indulge him into a life of riches but he wanted more.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Great for work and school. Lets me have access to information that I need, basically on any device I could ever own or borrow.
B001NXDIMK|5.0|LOVE THIS SERIES. GLEN CLOSE GIVES A RIVOTING PERFORMANCE. GREAT SERVICE AND RELIABLE SERVICE. WELL WORTH THE WATCHING. THANK YOU
B000JMLFLW|4.0|I loved the book, a well-known English classic, and felt compelled to give it a good rating. I do have one criticism of the eBook format for this particular edition. While I was reading through the book I noticed, more than 100 times, that the book was inappropriately formatted.  There were new paragraphs where no paragraphs should be (...Mr. (praragraph inserted) Darcy...),  this was only a minor distraction, but it did become a bit annoying, and it is an easy problem to fix. Paragraph insertion also took place between sentences, this became especially confusing with paragraph long dialogues.  Great book, but the formatting needs a bit of work
0525478817|5.0|With THE FAULT IN OUR STARS, John Green goes where angels fear to tread into cancer literature. One gets visions (OK, nightmares) of LOVE STORY and begins to shiver.<br /><br />Fear not, however. This YA novel for ages 9 to 999 (hey, every infinity is different) skirts the treacle with remarkable success. A smash-mouth cancer parable, it hits the Big C from a teenaged point of view, starting in a support group for teens with cancer and ending with an unlikely love dalliance between winsome girl Hazel and charismatic boy Augustus. Beautiful, growing people scarred with ugly, growing diseases.<br /><br />This book is character driven all the way. Voice? In spades. Personality? You'll forget it's a fictional construct. Plot? We'll leave that to the cancer, which has an annoying tendency of unfolding and climaxing with formulaic endings. Still, if all infinities differ, then we ALL have the Big C in some metaphorical sense: call it the \\"Big D\\" as in Date with Death. No wonder our heroes stay at an Amsterdam hotel named after philosophers at one point.<br /><br />Interestingly, Salinger's THE CATCHER IN THE RYE comes up in this book. I say interestingly because Hazel's voice is reminiscent of Phoebe Caulfield's (eight years later and saddled with cancer, that is) -- wise, bittersweet, precocious in many ways. But Hazel is an only child, an extremely sensitive one who worries about what will become of her parents after she dies and worries even more about her coming-like-a-freight-train relationship with Gus, because she is a \\"grenade\\" who will some day (soon) go off, harming those who love her in ways she'd rather not fathom. Worse still, Gus's last girlfriend died of cancer, too. Putting him through it twice, she figures, is reason to retreat. Only love doesn't listen to the language of retreat.<br /><br />Giving the book a quixotic but beautiful subplot is Hazel's obsession with a book and its loose ends. It's author, an alcoholic genius named Van Houten, lives in Amsterdam. When the two use up a \\"wish\\" to travel to the Netherlands and meet this man, unexpected events unfold. Better still, these events, this man's book, and the philosophies beneath it give THE FAULT IN OUR STARS more gravitas still. Again, it reminded me of Holden Caulfield's wish to call up authors he admires, only he never acts on it. Hazel and Gus do. It falls under the \\"be careful what you wish for\\" department.<br /><br />Beautiful book. Into the Pantheon of Great YA Books it goes. And like THE BOOK THIEF, it's one of those YA books that will resonate as much with adults as teens, so click your shopping cart no matter what your age. It was my fate to read it and now I hope it will be yours.<br /><br />See? The stars aren't ALWAYS crossed (Romeo and Juliet notwithstanding...).ravel to the Netherlands and meet this man, unexpected events unfold. Better still, these events, this man's book, and the philosophies beneath it give THE FAULT IN OUR STARS more gravitas still. Again, it reminded me of Holden Caulfield's wish to call up authors he admires, only he never acts on it. Hazel and Gus do. It falls under the \\"be careful what you wish for\\" department.  Beautiful book. Into the Pantheon of Great YA Books it goes. And like THE BOOK THIEF, it's one of those YA books that will resonate as much with adults as teens, so click your shopping cart no matter what your age. It was my fate to read it and now I hope it will be yours.  See? The stars aren't ALWAYS crossed (Romeo and Juliet notwithstanding...).
B001UV4XHY|5.0|I ordered a Harry Potter movie for Christmas and recieved it when I was told I would and it came in perfect condition (no damage, etc.). I had no problems with the seller or the product so I am happy with this purchase!
B004US4K2C|5.0|When my hero's sense UI started the HTC.bgp.com force close error, this lil guy swooped in on its' valiant steed to the rescue the damsel in distress, me. it allowed me to bypass a lot of configs that, without it, would've made it impossible to utilize. thank you!
0062082353|2.0|This book certainly pops the bubble on the SEAL aura and mystique.  It would appear that all SEAL's are not all silent, professional warriors.  This feels like CPO Kyle is just cashing in on the fact that he was a SEAL and he killed a couple hundred \\"bad guys.\\"  Go read \\"Lone Survivor\\"...it is a much better read.
B0055SWM08|5.0|whether its the free or full version, a very good brain teaser and worth your time. very interesting and a nice escape.
B004U52VPS|5.0|Mattel brings home the bacon (pun intentional) with an installment of Angry Birds versus the Pigs.  It is definitely worth buying if you have any five to twelve year old kids at the house.  The six to nine year old category seems to especially enjoy the product.<br /><br />Looking at the game, I figured that the kids that played it with me would be bored in five minutes.  Not the case!  Two weeks later, they are still clambering to play it!<br /><br />Players draw cards and take turns setting up structures of varying complexity and stability that the other player must shoot at using a slingshot shaped catapult, armed with plastic birds.<br /><br />All the components are recognizable from the micro-game.<br /><br />One of the big surprises is how quickly the kids determined which structures would be hard to hit, unstable, etc.  They have adapted their shooting strategies accordingly.  It actually ends up being quite the useful toy to teach the kids about shapes, building structures, paths of projectiles (the birds are slow moving enough that the kids can see the paths the pieces take), etc.<br /><br />More details follow ...<br /><br />Here is the Dr. Games evaluation:<br /><br />GO/NO GO criterion<br /><br />* Complexity: For the Age category, 5+, the complexity is perfect.  It is a bit of a challenge for the five and six year olds to build the structures on the cards, but with just a small amount of help from parents, the kids can do very well.  The rules are both obvious and well described on one, two-sided quarter sheet of paper.<br /><br />* Balanced: The game is completely balanced. Any side is equally likely to win.  The older children have a bit of an advantage since they generally have more developed hand and eye coordination.<br /><br />* Chance: The game has the appropriate level of chance. Each turn, the players pick cards to see the points available and the structures that they have to build.<br /><br />* Clarity: Once the adults explained, you get all the points on the card if you knock down all of the pigs, and you get an extra 100 points if you knock down the eggs or the star, the rules were entirely obvious to all.<br /><br />* Reasonable Time: you choose how long to play for.  There is no set time.  A game could be a simple as one turn with each side building a castle and then trying to break down the other side's caste.<br /><br />BONUS criterion<br /><br />* Social: The funny plastic characters, the theme of the game, and the neat catapult mechanic will have your kids chatting as they play.  You could also play this on teams.<br /><br />* Unique/interesting Mechanic: The catapult that shoots plastic birds.  The adaption of Angry Birds, and the stacking opportunities are all unique aspects to the game.  Nicely done!<br /><br />* Inform: It does teach kids about stacking, structures, and projectile flights.  It is surprisingly educational.<br /><br />* Rewards Throughout: Each time you shoot you have a chance to knock down a bird and gain points.  An excellent mechanic.<br /><br />I highly recommend adding this game to your family bookshelf.<br /><br />In service,<br /><br />Richeggs or the star, the rules were entirely obvious to all.  * Reasonable Time: you choose how long to play for.  There is no set time.  A game could be a simple as one turn with each side building a castle and then trying to break down the other side's caste.  BONUS criterion  * Social: The funny plastic characters, the theme of the game, and the neat catapult mechanic will have your kids chatting as they play.  You could also play this on teams.  * Unique/interesting Mechanic: The catapult that shoots plastic birds.  The adaption of Angry Birds, and the stacking opportunities are all unique aspects to the game.  Nicely done!  * Inform: It does teach kids about stacking, structures, and projectile flights.  It is surprisingly educational.  * Rewards Throughout: Each time you shoot you have a chance to knock down a bird and gain points.  An excellent mechanic.  I highly recommend adding this game to your family bookshelf.  In service,  Rich
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is great here is a tip for whenn you just get it if you sign up.it is great but at the top corner you can just use the Bible
B00351YEVC|5.0|I love that this book so easily transports us into the mind of the young protagonist. It is easy to read, surprisinlgy funny at times, and increasingly gripping as it explores the life of a naive german boy during the war. I couldn't put it down!
B000IZ6URY|5.0|IF you Have never seen Team America, then you have missed out on a great experience. You will not regret buying this masterpiece.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its fun but its hard to get passed levals but u get points for just trying 5 times I wouldn't buy it if it cost money
B0055SWM08|5.0|this game is sweet. good.graphics and puzzels. wish turning the sound off was easier. I will probe buy he new one /oo
B005K17RU0|4.0|I've tried several weather apps in the past few years and Accuweather wins my vote as top of the group.  Simple without giving me a lot of info I'm not looking for.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I work out around 4-6 times a week. I run, do aerobics, just got done with a 4 week boot camp. I bought this dvd to go along with my running routine. This is a pretty good work out. I have only done this video once because I also bought another dvd work out set too. I jumped right into level 3 and haven't tried the other levels yet. This was a great workout and I really enjoyed it. I could see where after a few uses, this would get boring doing the same video over and over again. The plus to this is that you do get a change when you start at level 1 and work your way up. I would recommend this to dvd to others.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|So fun! Very addicting, my little sisters love it! My daughter is in love with it! I love it, Mg motter and uncle love it! Haha! Really makes you use your noggin' ;)! I got it as a free app of the day but is SOO WORTH $0.99! I would recommend this app to all age groups or anyone who needs to kill time! :) LOVE IT!
1423140591|5.0|Great Book nice that it has Percy in it so you know some of the stuff already<br />but nice to meet the two new heros Frank and Hazel. and the new Camp<br />give book 2 5 stars just as good as the lost hero. cant wait for book 3
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Love these movies! Nice to be able to buy them all at once and have them all together. Nice small case as well, easy to store.
B000VXLC3K|5.0|I had this album when vinyl was the thing.  I played it all the time and drove my family crazy listening to it.  It is one of her best and always makes me go back to the hippie 60's when I listen to it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|nothing spectacular but very entertaining and perfect for to play even when you have little time. i play all the.time between class n in the boring ones.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is addictive. It's hard to put it down. I could play for hours I think. I can't believe it's free!
055358202X|3.0|It's not as good as the other books, but still worth reading in order to keep up with the story. The pace is much slower, and there's a lot less action, but I still enjoyed it. It's just not as good as the previous books, which was a bit of a let-down.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|best Bible app ever. I recommend it for everyone in the world. I love my savior Jesus!!!!!!!!! he is my hero
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Best book i ever read.  it was a little gruesome and not a book for the queasy but it was action packed and i never wanted to put it down.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great game! very fun and great passtime :) I'm addicted. I play this game a lot and once I start I cant stop
1433502410|5.0|Love this Bible. I really like having the Greek meaning for certain words! The notes at the bottom are very helpful and give readers a better understanding of the word.
B006YMLE7G|2.0|If you're an anime otaku and believe there is no such thing as bad anime you'll probably love this. It's got explosion, speed, cleavage, what more could you want.  If you actually want a compelling story, something you remember a few days after you watch it, this isn't the movie for you
B0042U94UQ|5.0|This is one of the only movies I don't mind the kids watching over and over. Cracks me up every time.
B003R0MEZ4|3.0|I liked (four stars) all other seasons of Criminal Minds; however, I could only give three stars on this one.  Shows/cases were interesting, but when talking about crime shows (such as CSI, Law&Order, etc...) they are always interesting.  So, question is the storyline and casting.  I believe getting rid of JJ was a mistake.  She brought normalcy and realism to the show.  While other profilers/agents could be replaced (such was the case in NCIS and not to forget Gideon from this show), JJ was different.  And the new girl was useless.  On top of that, I believe JJ was fan favorite.  Also, storyline was weak.  They tried to give each character a story of their own, but failed. Especially, I found Prentiss' sub-story to be ridiculus and uninteresting.  Her story ran through three plus episodes and I fast-forwarded good 25% of her story (I didn't miss anything).  For other characters, their stories were irrelevant and unnoticeable.  However, if you stick to each case per episode, then the show is worth watching, but definitely NOT WORTH Buying.
B005UT29Z0|2.0|In contrast to many, I found this movie both slow moving and much of the time just boring.  Given the enormity of the subject and the catastrophic events and consequences, how one can make a slow and boring movie alludes me.  Far too short of tension.  Far too short on reality.  Waste of some fine actors...though they did make money I'm sure.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is fun to play when you have down time. kids love it and it keeps them entertained for awhile.
B005HP2JAM|5.0|This cave, not open to the public, in France contains the expected stalgmites and stalagtites, but with unsually beautiful crystal components.  A crystalline formation which looks like woven cloth flag, unlike anything I have ever seen.  Cave bear and assorted animal bones, some covered with the crystalline growth.  The real treat is to see the 35,000 year old, yes 35 thousand year old, drawings.  Rich, detailed drawings.  Drawings with a knowledge of form, depth,articulating motion drawn brought to life in charcoal.  Red palm print art leads us on the path the path of one the artists in this wonderland cave.  This 3-D movie is spellbinding.  You see so much and so quickly more than your mind can process.  This is a superb movie to watch.  It is a wonder that across the many centuries these artists had such a complex degree of knowledge of depth, form, scale. They knew how to bring animal beauty and form to life.  Masterpieces to rival any piece in any museum in the world.  The richest, perhaps, find in the world.  Untouched by man or the world, closed off for approx. 25,000 years. A place of culture, art, religion???  Such a rich format one would have to rescreen this one over and over and get something new each time.  Our ancestors were by no means \\"sub mental\\" rather their art shows a more advanced side to them.  Education not from books, but just as developed as we think we are now.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Well one of them. I highly reccomend. Its so freaking awesome. And addicting! Buy now! Or get free. This is EPIC!
B00005JO1R|5.0|I knew very little about Cash besides the fact that he died not long ago and a friend is a huge fan of his music. However I was interested enough to want to see the movie and intrigued to see Reese W live out her childhood dream of being a country singer.<br /><br />Wow.<br /><br />It's a long movie but I hardly noticed. Some really truly great acting from both leads - a magnificent supporting cast. A compelling, dramatic, and moving story of redemption.<br /><br />Of necessity the film focuses on a relatively short period of Cash and Carter's life and the genesis of their relationship, but it whets the appetite to find out more about the man and his music. I think it actually works a good deal better than if they had tried to fit his whole life in - it's a snapshot, which has enabled the filmmakers to really get into the story, not skim over things too much.<br /><br />Witherspoon and Phoenix both put in quite amazing vocal performances. Phoenix in particular beautifully portrays Johnny's journey from wannabe gospel singer nervously trying out his own song for a producer right up to the confident rock star with the inmates of Folsom putty in his hands. Acting, singing and playing wise both actors give it their all, and the supporting actors who learned to sing and singers who learned to act all come out smelling of roses.<br /><br />Some beautiful and some incredibly powerful scenes - those where June and her family walk Cash through withdrawal from drugs fitting neatly into both those categories and being some of my favourite parts of the film.<br /><br />One also mustn't forget the two young actors playing young JR and his brother, who really set up the film incredibly well - the opening scenes leading up to the death of his brother show that these two young actors are serious talent of the future and they do a beautiful job making real the close friendship that haunts the adult Cash throughout the rest of the film.<br /><br />I could seriously waffle on for ages, I have been so impressed by this movie. What can I say? It's a triumph. Do watch the deleted scenes and also the interesting and informative commentary (which gives the background to some scenes in the movie which in many cases you may otherwise think must have been elaborated on or made up). I am looking forward to getting my hands on the double disc set and seeing the rest of the extras.<br /><br />Buy this movie, or at least, rent this movie, you won't regret it. It's a keeper and one I am certain I shall watch many times more.<br /><br />And... a new addition to my all time favourite quotes:<br /><br />Record Company Executive: Your fans are church folk, Johnny. Christians. They don't wanna hear you singing to a bunch of murderers and rapists, tryin' to cheer 'em up.<br />Johnny Cash: [pause] Well, they're not Christians, then.ph. Do watch the deleted scenes and also the interesting and informative commentary (which gives the background to some scenes in the movie which in many cases you may otherwise think must have been elaborated on or made up). I am looking forward to getting my hands on the double disc set and seeing the rest of the extras.  Buy this movie, or at least, rent this movie, you won't regret it. It's a keeper and one I am certain I shall watch many times more.  And... a new addition to my all time favourite quotes:  Record Company Executive: Your fans are church folk, Johnny. Christians. They don't wanna hear you singing to a bunch of murderers and rapists, tryin' to cheer 'em up.  Johnny Cash: [pause] Well, they're not Christians, then.
B005HSL626|3.0|This is fun unlocking everything but. now I play half a game and it just crashes waste of time unlocking everything.
B000N4SHOE|3.0|Beautifully filmed, and with a cracking supporting cast. Emily Watson & Lloyd Owen in particular brought their characters to life very well.  I find Renee Zellweger a little annoying but I thought generally she was OK; her grieving I found very moving. A few too many screwing-up-the-face mannerisms but reasonably easy to overlook.  Ewan McGregor as always is excellent and effortlessly charming.  Bill Paterson and Barbara Flynn are also good support to the main storyline.  Potter's art is beautifully showcased and I rather enjoyed the animated characters in the paintings and drawings - Jemima Puddleduck a particular favourite.  However I somehow felt there was something missing... the love story never really kicked in, not I think through fault of acting but just a lack in on screen chemistry. (I am not convinced by \\"tremendous chemistry\\" in Down With Love, I think the film manages to work despite the lack of it!) & although the grief scenes were beautifully done, things were all got over terribly quickly. I think this is partly the fault of trying to fit Potter's life into a film, and thus race through it far too quickly.  On the whole, it's a \\"nice\\" movie, but it's not as good as one feels it could have been.  The extras on the disc are also disappointing... overall, not one which I'll be likely to be adding to my collection unless I see it for sale very cheaply.
B004I744AS|3.0|this is a great app, it sure helps me when I'm studying. I like to use it for studying the Bible and all sorts of stuff.
B004YOEFG8|5.0|I was head projectionist of an IMAX theatre in Wichita, Kansas and we frequently showed this film as a demo.  It absolutely \\"wowed\\" everyone who saw it.  I was just wondering if the BluRay version is in 2D as well as 3D, since I don't have a 3D display.  Thanks!
0439023513|2.0|The book is OK. I was disappointed how the author abruptly wraps up the story in the last few pages and not going into enough details as she usually does in previous chapters.  The first book was evenly paced and had no difficulty following the plot.  Good thing was that I got it for free being a prime member.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|for free, it doesn't really get much better if you're looking for a lot of options for wasting your time. really enjoy a lot of these games!
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I streamed this movie on netflix over the weekend and fell so in love with it that I watched it all the way through twice.  This movie shows what true love, romance and passion really is. It comes form the heart and soul.  John Thornton falls in love with Margaret Hale for exactly who she is flaws and all.  Even when he is not pleased with her you can still see his love for her in his eyes.  Every women would love to have a man look at her like that through the good times and not so good times.  John Armitage is PERFECT as John Thornton.  Mr. Armitage is very handsome and has \\"Presence\\".  His facial expressions are priceless.  Even when Mr. Thornton is brooding he looks sexy.  I now have a huge crush on Richard Armitage.  There is not a single sex scene in this movie but to me it is one of the sexiest movies ever.  It proves that you don't need to strip down naked to show a movie about love and romance.  Daniela Denby-Ashe is perfect as Margaret and I jump for joy when she finally falls in love with John Thornton.  I wish the movie did not ened when it did though.  I would have loved to see John and Margaret getting married.  I liked John's mother very much even though she was so stiff and hard.  She did have heart underneath all that toughness.  Someone needs to start a BBC North & South fanclub and a bunch of us can start calling for a continuation of this beautiful love story by the BBC.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I enjoy playing this game. I like the problem solving aspect of the game and that you can increase the difficulty with adding more suits.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I think this app is great. it works very smoothly and it is fun to play. I really didn't know how to play and it was a good teacher.kk
B002HP269O|5.0|I think this was a wonderful series.  I'm sad it's no longer on and didn't have more seasons.  There was a great acting cast that made the show work so seamlessly.  I've never seen straight actors portray lesbians so effectively.  The chemistry between Bette and Tina was absolutely amazing.  The sex scenes were totally believable.  The emotion that Jennifer Beals and Laurel Holloman were able to evoke speaks volumes about their acting abilities.  The other actors were very talented as well but I guess because Bette and Tina were my favorites I'm partial.  I hope Ilene Chaiken, the creator, will pursue another series along the same lines.  It was awsome that Showtime backed the project and I have a new admiration for their boldness and the chance they took.  I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed the show.  And my personal opinion is that Jenny killed herself because she realized how much she had alienated herself, especially if Shane had confronted her, which we never saw.
1439181780|5.0|This book revealed what I thought I'd lost. But I just basically recalled how it was when I was a child, when things were so simple. I stopped judging my current situation, instead I started to believe that I alone had the power to CHANGE ME! Such a great book and also read along with the audio version as well.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book!!!
B004XDYJRU|1.0|it CRASHED my kindle fire!!!playing the same measure for a long time!!!! it suckkss Don't Buy this crap its bad
B005K17RU0|5.0|this is a great app for the kindle fire. it gives you all the info that you might need in several formats.  I specially like the hourly weather part.
B004SUWR2C|3.0|I really wanted to play this but not willing to give app additional 80mb to download.  it says nothing about this in info.  I didn't read all 113 reviews.  I know it is only .99&cent; but going to try to get refund anyhow
B000002KNY|5.0|Nice music, really nice music.  This is definitely one of the best albums of the 20th century, and one of my favorites of course.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|Fun, distracting, even for bigger kids. I am an intelligent adult and it is a decent distraction when needing to kill time.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is awesome. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes games.  this has my highest recommendation huz&agrave;h. to the game makers
B0001I561E|1.0|Got this as a gift for my niece. They got it, and said that the DVD looked weird, as in thicker or something. Proceeded to put it in; use it and it didn't work. Sounds like a terrible scam. I'm waiting for her to mail it back to me so that I can promptly return it and demand my money back.  Guess it's best to wait for it to come back out of the vault.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|pretty fun, but games can be pretty tough and hard to get past, and its stupid how you have to have a gmail account or something to get free points and the apps that go along with it.
030746363X|2.0|As usual, Mr. Ferriss does a great job at marketing another of his disappointing books. This book is basically a collection of different tips and gimmicks, many of dubious quality and use. For sure, there are parts that are useful and the motivational rhetoric succeeds at pumping you up but it's just way too long and doesn't really deliver much at the end of the day. It might just be me though, if you have never looked into weight training or diet, there will probably more new stuff here for you.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Fun games with easy use interface. Time  flys by as you unlock new games to play. 5 out of 5.
