B00000DHZJ|5.0|I was fortunate enough to see Jimi Hendrix live in concert.  He put on a fabulous show, and I'll remember it forever.  He was one of the symbols of a new generation that wanted to be seen and heard, but more than that,  understood.  He played almost every song on this CD and I an thrilled to  have it in my collection.  Jimi had great skill and talent, but was  misunderstood by many.  You just had to be there to understand it.  I  highly recommend this CD!
B000002JOH|5.0|This is absolutely one of the best metal albums ever recorded.  You get speed-metal with &quot;Hostile&quot;, psycho-metal with &quot;This Love&quot;, death-metal with &quot;Demons&quot;, melodic-metal with  &quot;Hollow&quot;.  And how can anyone survive without what is the epitome  of metal: &quot;Walk&quot;?   If you don't have this album, you need this  album.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Well, first,let me tell you, I usually dislike hard(core) musci like this,but i had heard pretty good things about this band..so i decided to give it a try.The minute (Sic) started playing....I WAS BLOWN AWAY!  This  album is pure madness,without being just repetitive annoying screaming. The  lyrics are deep and hard,and the Corey's voice is astonishing, he can  switch from Screaming to singing in fractions of a second... But my  complaint is, I bought this album in August 1999,and buy then, this album  inluded an amazing song called PURITY and it did NOT have &quot;Me  Inside&quot;, and it didn't have the slipknot logo at the top either....and  it had 15 songs, plus 2 or 3 hidden ones. I bought both albums now, and i  can honestly tell you the first version is a LOT better, don't get me  wrong, Me inside is a good song, but it is NOTHING compared to the  brilliant PURITY. Well,all in all, this band is not for everyone, but if  you like hard music (this is not metal), deep lyrics, great guitar playing  and an amazing singer.....then this is a safe bet.
B000002AZ8|3.0|This would be pretty good CD if it had come from another band, or if it had come before Ten and Vs.  I guess that it isn't really fair to compare this album to Ten or Vs.; it would be hard for anyone to live up to the  expectations that those CDs left behind.  Vitalogy does have some good  tunes like &quot;Corduroy&quot;, &quot;Better Man&quot;, &quot;Spin the  Black Circle&quot;, and &quot;Nothingman&quot;, but the other songs just  don't get it.  &quot;Bugs&quot; is a waste of 3 minutes, and &quot;Aye  Davanita(sp?)&quot; doesn't offer much in the way of aesthetic value.  If  you really like Pearl Jam, then you should get this CD, but I'm warning  you; don't expect another Ten.
B00004STPT|5.0|When I heard Lisa Gerrard's voice at the beginning of the movie, I was instantly joyous. I knew right then, only a few minutes into the movie that this soundtrack would be a must buy.  By turns beautiful, haunting, and  rousing, this CD does not disappoint. If you are a Lisa Gerrard fan, like  me, I should think you will enjoy it. It is also, in my opinion, Zimmer's  best work to date.
0767819179|4.0|While the material and the screenplay are lite fluff, the performances are the stars here. Jeff Bridges is hilarious and perfect as the stubborn professor. Barbara Streisand is more than a little self-conscious but her  comic touch and diva qualities are used smartly. Lauren Bacall almost  steals the show as the emotionless mother. Romantic and sometimes very  funny. Formylaic story, but endearing characters and inspired casting make  up for it. Streisand refuses to look unattractive in the first half of the  movie and that tones down the 'dramatic' elements of the movies; internal  and undiscovered beauty, etc. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 7!
1559408898|4.0|This is a must have in your SiFi Collection,and for it's novel plot and graphics.But I am giving it a 4 for it's poor music and background.But I think you should own not just 1 or 2 or 3 but the whole Collection for your  opinion too.
B00003CWOL|4.0|Smith's latest installment continues several arcs introducedand developed in Clerks and Chasing Amy (Rick Derris' sexual prownessamong them).  The cameos from Smith cast alums are wonderful and the script is crisp and witty, even if a bit preachy at moments.  (Pun intended). FYI, this was written by Smith BEFORE Clerks, perhaps explaining why the references to Clerks and Amy seem strained at times. ... the current release is unremarkable in terms of additional content.  END
6305089957|1.0|&quot;SCREAM&quot; WAS  ORIGINAL,SLICK,AND STYLISH. AND ,SADLY,&quot;SCREAM 2&quot; IS WHAT CAN BE EXPECTED OF A FILM TRYING TO CASH IN ON THE ORIGINAL'S SUCESS, PITIFUL.&quot;SCREAM 2&quot; IS PRETTY  MUCH A REMAKE OF THE FIRST,EXCEPT YOU BRING A FEW NEW VICTIMS ,A NEW    SETTING ,AND A POOR SCRIPT.AND,SADLY, THE SAME AUDIENCE THAT ATTENDED  &quot;SCREAM&quot;,RETURNED TO SEE THIS POOR EXCUSE FOR A HORROR FILM,THUS  INEVITABLY,BRINGING ON A THIRD &quot;SCREAM&quot;.I WOULD DISOWN THIS CRAP  IF I MADE IT.BUT,TAKE YOUR CHANCE,I DID ,AND I GOT BURNED.
0671027344|5.0|the perks of being a wallflower is an incredibly truthful account of being a teenager in America today.  I am 18 and could relate very well to the experiences Charlie had in the book, since it was set in the early  nineties.  The book is a compilation of letters to an anonymous friend that  has no way to respond.  The letters begin the day before Charlie's first  day of high school, and continue until the day before his sophomore year of  high school.  They provide a chronological account of his life for a year,  beginning with no friends, making a few friends, then losing them when they  graduated and went off to college.       The book reminded me of the TV  show \\"Freaks and Geeks\\" because Charlie is not a popular kid.  Most teenage  books are about the lives of the popular people, the people the unpopular  ones always want to be.  Charlie, on the other hand, gets special reading  assignments from his English teacher because he's more advanced than the  other kids, goes to The Rocky Horror Picture Show every Friday night, and  goes to his first football game alone.  I cannot come up with another book  I have read that has been so truthful and looked at the world, high school  in particular, in such an honest way.       As far as I know, this is  Stephen Chbosky's first novel, but he has written several film scripts.  He  gets into the heart of this fourteen year old boy and shows the world  through Charlie's eyes, which gives the reader a new perspective on  friends, relationships, and high school in general.  In the first few  letters, I wondered where Charlie lived and who he was writing to.  As I  got deeper into the book, I no longer thought about these things because I  was so caught up in the story of Charlie's life.  By part 4, I was  incredibly engrossed in the book and could not put it down at night; I  stayed up until 1AM to finish it.  Many of the things Charlie experimented  with as a freshman, I, a senior, still have yet to experience.  He has read  books that I have never heard of, such as &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; and  &quot;The Stranger.&quot;  He has many older friends, so they experiment  with drugs, and he joins them.  Charlie uses language very similar to mine,  and writes in short, choppy sentences and paragraphs.  At one of Charlie's  loneliest times in the book, he writes, \\"I just wish that God or my parents  of Sam or my sister or someone would just tell me what's wrong with me.   Just tell me how to be different in a way that makes sense.  To make all  this go away.  And disappear.\\"  (p. 139)  Chbosky does not use much  imagery, but the language he uses in this quotation makes the feelings of  loneliness and frustration concrete.  As a teenager in a similar situation,  I can closely relate with how Charlie feels, and Chbosky expressed these  feelings perfectly.       When Charlie becomes friends with Sam and  Patrick, they lead him into the world of drugs and The Rocky Horror Picture  Show.  The only thing I did not like about the book was that it portrayed  teenagers as heavily into drugs and sex.  These things are not a part of my  life, and I don't want anyone that reads the book to think that all  teenagers are on drugs and having sex these days, although some of them  are.  I am not sure a conservative person would like this book, especially  if the person were closed-minded.  The story seems very real, and the  things that Charlie deals with are probably things a closed-minded adult  would never have dealt with, and therefore could not relate.  This book is  geared toward my generation, which is why it is an MTV book.  I thoroughly  enjoyed the book, as have several other people I have talked to about it.   If you have an open mind and enjoy coming of age stories, I would highly  recommend the perks of being a wallflower.
B0000024PC|4.0|An excellent album for one of the best movies ever made.  Simon and Garfunkel sing some of their most enjoyable songs (okay, maybe not &quot;The Big Bright Green Pleasure Machine&quot;, but other than that).   Although, I warn you, if you are strictly a S&amp;G fan and you don't want  David Grusin's background music on the CD, avoid buying this.  Also,  another warning:  There are two versions of &quot;Mrs. Robinson&quot;, but  neither are the long version that we know and love.  They both clock in at  about 1:15.  But, if you're a diehard fan of the movie, like I am, go ahead  and buy it, you won't be sorry!
B000003CKH|5.0|Cake is one of my favorite bands.  After getting this CD I loved it so much I was compelled to get the other two Cake CD's.  Cake has a sound like no other band and definitely some of the most original and creative lyrics,  but they're not just gibberish.  I really think a lot of their songs have  much meaning behind them, and I can really relate to what they're saying.   If you don't have any cake CD's, but want to get one, I strongly recommend  you start with this one.
0385486804|5.0|This is simply a fascinating book. Krakauer masterfully reconstructs the journey \\"into the wild\\" by  Chris McCandless and his eventual tragic death. He really does an excellent job of evoking the mindset of McCandless, and I  like how he researched other similar cases of young men going off into the  wilderness to fend for themselves and then disappearing. An additionally  interesting aspect is that even though the reader knows how the entire tale  will eventually end, Krakauer's text is imbued with a sense of suspense.  One can think what one wants about McCandless, i.e. he was a courageous if  misguided idealist or fool who went to live in the Alaskan wilderness  unprepared and with little epxerience (and little regard for his family's  concerns): Krakauer gives his own views but really leaves it up to his  readers to decide. His retelling of McCandess's trek is, however, a  compelling and even haunting read--and it really gives readers much to  think about. This, as well as the simple excellence of the prose,  definitely makes this book better than most contemporary fiction.
B00000ING2|5.0|I like this movie. From the acting to the cinematography, this movie is a breath of fresh air. Just when you think you got it pegged, you find it you were wrong.<br />A movie about the rise from the mailroom to the 44th floor  (45th counting the mezzanine) and how the seemingly imbecilic Norville  Barnes (Tim Robbins) manages to succeed and then fail. He is assisted in  his failure by a devious board of directors  who, as fate would have it,  are also the cause of his success.<br />As I said, the cinematography is great  in this movie. Accompany this with a great script, terrific characters and  an outstanding soundtrack and you have a sure winner. This is not a  juvenile comedy and it is refreshing to be entertained with adult humor.  This movie will definitely withstand multiple viewings. <br />Once you see  this movie you will understand the title for this review. As said in other  reviews, the DVD only offers the movie and language options. There are no  special features or cast bios.
B00002E233|5.0|This movie is without a doubt one of the most spectaculair movies of the year! The explosions and the fires are beatifull to see and there are some realy good CGI generated and mechanical sharks. Only some of the CGI  generated sharks were a little disapointing but that didn't realy bother  me, because there are enough other things to see.<br />O.k., the story is not  that good, but the plot is very original and makes the movie totally  different then the classic &quot;Jaws&quot;. The only thing that both  movies have are sharks. <br />If you like spectaculair movies, good SFX, good  acting, a surprising script, some humor and don't mind a bit gore then is  this a movie you just must see!
0446677450|2.0|This is one sick capitalist puppy.  Mr. Kiyosaki has so fully embraced the religion of money, he has forgotten some of the truly important things in life.  I know its all been said before, but money really isn't everything.   Certainly it's important - everything is easier when you don't have to  worry about providing for your family, but when everything else, even  spending money, is seen as secondary to accumulating it, I think a question  of priorities should be posed.
B00003CX5A|5.0|I'm not a huge horror movie fan. I'm not even a fan of movies satirizing horror movies (i.e. The Scream series was probably one of the biggest wastes of film resources), but I must say, Sleepy Hollow was scary in a  funny way. This movie isn't SUPPOSED to be scary at all. Yes, the idea of a  &quot;horseman...without a head&quot; is supposed to be a little spooky,  but that is not the intended purpose of the film. IF you want the scary  version, watch the animated Sleepy Hollow by Disney. Burton does an AMAZING  job with the visual and sound effects. Johnny has come a long way since 21  Jumpstreet (not that he was bad then, either). I think he did a superb job  interpreting Ichabod Crane (a regular wimp trying to impress a girl is  always one of the funniest things to observe. I know because people tell me  I look funny when I try to impress the ladies...) Don't get me wrong, the  movie has it's points that will make you jump and cringe, but not enough to  earn--and I'm glad it didn't--a seat in the horror movie section. I'd love  to see it either in the suspense or comedy sections. The movie is one of  the best movies Burton has come out with since Beatlejuice and Batman.  Burton is back, and he's kicking some butt and &quot;taking some  heads!&quot; Now if he would come back to Batman and fix the mess  Schumacher created...
6305426651|5.0|I am not usually a fan of subtitled films.  I like my staple Hollywood productions.  But a friend dragged me out to see the screening of some foreign movie from Italy, of all places.  As it was starting, I'm thinking  to myself 'This is going to be boring!'  While I'm trying to think of an  excuse to get out of theatre though, I start really watching the movie.  It  has an innocent, predictable, but very much adorable sense of humour.  The  main character (his name escapes me at the moment), was brilliantly cast.   As we move through sweet times to bitter ones, his enduring love of life,  his intelligence and wit provide an  entertaining lesson about life, death  and war.  The very un-Hollwood ending suprised me and still has me thinking  about how fragile we all are.
B00003Q438|5.0|The Abyss is one of the best films I have ever seen. Every word in the script has a meaning to it, and the relationship between Ed Harris and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio ends up saving the day. The cinematography is  compelling; and it is so vivid that if it were to be put in IMAX format,  you'd feel like you are actually swimming around 30,000 feet under the  ocean's surface. I like this movie because it does something which I feel  is unique. The real plot is about the creatures living deep within the  abyss, and the subplot is the recovery mission. But unlike Aliens--a movie  that within fifteen minutes was filled with swearing, fire, blood, and a  lot of noise--Cameron makes the audience stew a little before the real  purpose of the movie is uncovered. The movie begins with a submarine being  ambushed by a UFO--&quot;underwater flying object&quot;--and since the navy  does not know what happened--they suspect &quot;the Russians&quot;--Cameron  does not feel the need to reveal to anyone (including his characters) that  there is something waiting for them in the dark depths of the ocean. Just  when you thought the movie would be near a predictable end, along comes the  bait-and-hook of a sighting. It leaves the audience wondering &quot;What  was that? Why is he showing this and then taking it away?&quot; There is  the movie's charm! Cameron gives you what you need to understand the motive  of the aliens' appearances, while keeping you in suspense as to when you  will finally get to the point of their existence.<br />You have to have  patience with the movie, though. The pace may be a little slow, but then  again, who cares? The effects are fantastic and the performances are  magnificent.  The slowness of the pace, in my opinion, is to see how long  YOU can last underwater. The characters are people who pretty much make a  living underwater. If in three hours of seeing nothing but a closed in  frame that is the difference between life and 100,000 lbs of pressure  crushing your fragile body, then working on a deep-sea oil rig is not for  you.<br />But in honesty, Cameron lost my respect after Titanic. (I will not  be reviewing Titanic right now, don't worry.) The Abyss was a fantastic  movie that is at the peak of Cameron's career, and I cannot see how the  person that created such a magnificent work of art went ahead and did  something as pointless as a script that 90% of the words were  &quot;Jack&quot; and &quot;Rose.&quot; If you ask me, Cameron should have  retired after this movie. I will be very very suprised if he ever even  comes close to matching this wonderful masterpiece of cinema.
0783227434|5.0|Well, I was really reluctant to try this movie when I first brought it home.  wow.  How stupid was i?  this movie has been found a great sucess in my household, and all my friends are forced to sit and watch it, and even  those who were prejudiced because it didn't have as fancy effects as the  matrix loved it at the end.  This movie has plot, which is more than I  can say for a lot of movies out there.  Even though the special FX aren't  the best (this wasn't done with macs, i dont think) you can definately put  that aside.  All in all, I suggest this movie to any comedy fan (though  I did go through it once and find about 20 nitpics, you have to watch  carefully for them.) or to any action fan.  Bravo, Mr. Director dude!¸
0790734443|1.0|I don't know if Burton was on something when he let Schumacher mess around with the story. Hold  on, wasn't Burton a producer? Why didn't he exert a little more control over the story? Batman is crazy, but he is not on  acid!  What was up with all the neon nonsense? Gotham is a dark city.  Burton captured it well the first two times. Why did Schumacher feel the  need to royally screw up!  This is a big disappointment to me  because  Batman happens to be my favorite hero. Why did Burton agree to Schumacher's  ideas? If you're a Batman fan, DON&quot;T WATCH IT!  DON'T EVEN REMOTELY  THINK TO BUY IT! IT'S NOT WORTH IT!
6301390725|5.0|You will love every minute of this film. It's a classic Disney title with some of Disney's best characters. Songs are warm and cheerful, sets are so detailed, and the animation and effects (considering how long ago this was  made) are fantastic - it won Disney awards! Landsbury is a delight and it  is a pretty faithful adaptation of the stories from which the film  originates. Watch out for great guest stars too! It's a fun packed film  which I guarantee you will have great delight in watching over and over  again. I must mention the song 'The age of not believing' - it is one of  the most heart-warming songs I have listened to. A great film. 5/5!
B000002W5J|5.0|Surrealistic Pillow is, in my opinion, the greatest c.d. that Jefferson Airplane made. Each song is absolutely great, and it is filled with some of the best songs by Jefferson Airplane: &quot;White Rabbit&quot;,  &quot;Today&quot;, &quot;Somebody to Love&quot;. These are just some of the  great songs on this c.d (they're my favorite three). I listen to at least  one song on this c.d. everyday, and a lot of days I listen to the whole  c.d. a few times.You can never get bored with this amazing c.d. The music  on this c.d. fills your head and takes you for a wonderful ride of  beautiful psychedelic music. If you have taken the time to read my review,  then you must have some interest in this c.d., and even if you only have  the slightest interest in Surrealistic Pillow, I say &quot;Buy it.&quot;  You will not be sorry you did. Trust me, your ears will thank you.
B000031XCR|4.0|This is a great cd, but it loses 1 star 'cause her greatest songs (in french !) aren't on the disc.  But as a big Cline Dion-fan is this CD a valuable last album.  If you're looking for the biggest hits of Dion, you  will find them on this CD. You can be shore of that!
B00003CWPR|1.0|Well, I was warned about this film, but I had to waste my money at Blockbuster. If you are the type of viewer who enjoys films that make no sense, go no where, and every incident dipicted is never referred to and  means absoulutely nothing to the ending, this is the film for you. This  film will provoke your thoughts alright, WONDERING WHAT IN THE WORLD YOU'VE  BEEN WATCHING THAT YOU ACTUALLY SPENT MONEY ON! Reviewers who claim that  one needs to view the film several times in order to understand it, need to  get a life. If you just want to view a good film that leaves you satisfied  with the reason why certain things happened, you must go elsewhere. The  only good thing I saw in this film was Nicole Kidman's dainty back side,  and that only lasts a few seconds.
6300182193|5.0|Coppola's &quot;Dracula&quot; is sexy with excellent cinematography. But THIS version has SIR LAURENCE playing the role of Van Helsing and he is fantastic! Also, it had scenes that truly scared me  and believe it or not,  one that made me cry.I think it's a must for fans of the vampire mythology.
B00000J7J4|4.0|OK, this is a very popular cd, though I still like Santana without multiple guest artists more. It's good to see him get notice, though he hardly needs a who's who of modern music to do it. Nothing here is as great  as &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot;. Smooth is nice, but record of the year? I  bought it for my daughter,and she likes the cut featuring Everlast because  it's eerie. I look forward to the next Carlos Santana cd now that he has  attained a newfound power in the industry. Buy it if you like contemporary  artists guesting type cd's.
B000001FN3|5.0|This album is definitely up there on my top 10 list of greatest albums of all-time. I first discovered the Alan Parsons Project when I noticed that one of their albums was based on Edgar Allan Poe stories. I am a HUGE fan  of Poe, so I gave it a try. I didn't have any idea what I was getting into,  but it was definitely not a waste of my money. Every track on this CD is  good, except for one of the parts on &quot;House of Usher&quot;.<br />      There was one big problem though: the quality wasn't that good. And those  narrations by Orson Welles were stupid (don't get me wrong though, I like  Orson Welles). So, guess what? I went on eBay and got the MFSL Gold CD  version. Trust me, once you listen to the Gold version, you'll realize that  the full potential of this album was met.<br />     You should definitely give  this album a try. If you're a Poe fan, I guarantee you'll like it. If not,  borrow it from the library. You might be missing out on something big.
6304936362|5.0|Some of the reviews here dont do this movie justice. If you want to get all hung up on technicalities, thats your business, the fact of the matter is, this is a very entertaining movie. The bombing run sequence was done  extremely well and i love to watch that scene. The whole movie is great. If  you haven't seen Memphis Belle before, i definetly recommend it.
B00001NFCY|4.0|&quot;Human Clay&quot; is a wonderful example of how pop and hard rock can be perfectly fused together.  Arms Wide Open is an amazing song, it really tugged at my heart, reminding me of days gone by. Really, I can find  nothing wrong with this daring, well crafted, power house of an album. If  you liked Creed's stuff before, then you'll love this one.   I just wish  the guys could decide on an image for their videos.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Though it has been nearly a year since Jennifer released On The 6, I am still to this day listening everyday to this CD.  Trust, if you like Madonna and Janet, you'll love this CD.  There is something for everyone on  this CD. There's ballads, latin, dance, R&amp;B, and a little of hip hop  to.  Jen shines best on the uptempo and R&amp;B cuts, like Waiting For  Tonight, Let's Get Loud, If You Had My Love, Feelin So Goos, etc.  She can  also belt out the ballads, showing true emotion in both Should've Never and  Promise Me You'll Try.  Believe, this is the type of material that makes an  album hot.  So, forget what all the others say about this CD, cause just  one listen to any of the songs and you'll know you have definately spent  your money's worth!
0790738139|5.0|Like many Irish people, I am quite obsessed with America, its history, culture, and people, and this movie about the seedy underbelly of 1950's L.A. piqued my interest.  I was enthralled from beginning to end by the way  in which the filmmakers managed to capture an era and its feeling so well.   The performances are top-notch as well.  From Kevin Spacey to Kim Basinger  to Russell Crowe (a fine, fine actor who is FINALLY getting his due!) to  Guy Pearce, there is not a weak link in the ensemble.  Each of the  characters is well developed, different from the others, and attuned to  nuance.  All in all, the film is fascinating and ranks among my favorites!
B00000JMVO|5.0|I don't watch mtv (I don't watch tv) and I am not really a fan of rap. But this album is awesome. I listen to a little bit of everything so I am not bias... there's not a track on this album I feel I  have to skip past (and  there are few albums that do that for me).  DEFINATLY worth a buy. I have  the cd and the lp and already copyed it to minidisc. It is the best. ORDER  IT NOW!
6300184064|4.0|This remains one of my favorite movies, although most people I know don't like it. Terry Gilliam does a fantastic job of directing with this one, and all sorts of actors turn up in it - Robert DeNiro, Bob Hoskins, Ian Holm,  Michael Palin.<br />It is set in a dystopian future (&quot;somewhere at the  end of the 20th century&quot;) where bureaucracy rules the day. Sam Lowry  (Jonathan Pryce) is a latter-day Walter Mitty in this Orwellian world,  bumbling and daydreaming his way through life, until he discovers love,  which, in this society, gets him in all sorts of trouble.<br />I think the  movie is tracking Sam's mental breakdown, which is a likely consequence of  living in such a rotten world. The sets are incredible - claustrophobic,  filled with bizarre gadgets that are both modern and retro at the same  time. And several dream sequences are simply beautiful. The ugliness of the  real world contrasted with the beauty of Sam's inner world is bracing, just  as their inevitable collision is regrettable.<br />&quot;Brazil&quot; has a  very British sense of humor which may leave people scratching their heads,  but it makes me laugh even after I've seen it a bunch of times. One of my  favorite parts shows a dowdy receptionist using some kind of automated  typing prosthetic to take dictation of a torture session, dutifully taking  down every scream of the person in the other room, all the while with a  cheerful demeanor as she talks to Sam. Also, pay close attention to details  in this movie - especially the posters which appear throughout.<br />The movie  mocks and satirizes bureaucracy amid a society clearly coming apart at the  seams, and amid the satire and the comedic take on things, there lies a  sinister undercurrent. This is a world gone very wrong. You'll be singing  the title song long after you've seen it. The fade to white at the end is  interesting in itself - I keep wondering why Gilliam opted for that.
0385484518|5.0|Wow!  I started the book on Friday night and finished it on Saturday morning.  I've tried to determine why the book grabbed me so much?  Is it because everyone thinks of their own mortality every once in a while or is  it because the honesty in this book was so vivid?  It's refreshing to take  time from the rat race and ponder the question: why are we so inundated  with our daily chores that we don't take time to think of what is really  important?  If this book doesn't make you cry (most people will) it will  definitely inspire you.
B00003CWQ2|4.0|An interesting and disturbing take on postmodern corporate America. The camera work was innovative, and the story centers around a nameless narrator (Ed Norton) who has trouble sleeping and is generally wallowing in  a mindless, pointless consumerist existence. He tries group therapy, which  helps for awhile, until he runs into Tyler (Brad Pitt), and with him,  discovers that beating up and being beaten up restores meaning to his life.  It snowballs from there. I don't want to spoil anything.<br />The screenwriter  may have cobbled together some of Hakim Bey's works on &quot;Poetic  Terrorism&quot; and &quot;Ontological Anarchism&quot; for this one, coupled  with either fascist and/or Bolshevik organizational methods (Fight Club  itself, and the later Operation: Mayhem). Maybe a fusion of them all,  coupled with some conspiracy theory touches here and there.<br />There are a  lot of fun effects throughout this movie, and Brad Pitt and Ed Norton do a  great job, as does Helena Bonham Carter. The comments on the consumer  culture are the most valuable in this one, and it's clear who the writer  thinks the real enemy is - it's not so much about men rediscovering lost  libidos as it is attacking corporate America itself. After the riots in  Seattle and elsewhere, it seems oddly prescient.<br />It's a long movie (139  minutes), so bring plenty of popcorn. I don't know if the message of the  movie will stay with you long after watching it, but for a Hollywood flick,  it's not bad.
B00003CWL5|5.0|I waited a year to see this on video... I love Kevin Spacey andthe hype for this movie was tremendous, so it was hard to not find outthe plot...<br />When I finally saw it, I understood that it was a smaller movie than I was expecting, in every sense...the time they take over the &quot;dancing bag&quot; expresses this...but funny, and not cruel.  I was, I admit, slightly disappointed that I wasn't getting the performance of Kevin Spacey's lifetime here (... there is, to my mind, more complexity to other parts in other movies) but he is dead-on ... as Lester and very, very human.  Entire supporting cast should receive separate Oscar as a group for total excellence.  All of them were phenomenal.<br />This film is a change from last year's Titanic.  I am glad to see that a movie, smaller in scale, like American Beauty, can be made and win awards...Reminding us that we are human and nothing is guaranteed. To caution us with stylish humor how precious life is, is not a bad thing, once in a while. It keeps a perspective on what's really important, doesn't it?<br />Watch this movie.  I think possibly it will change some of us in some imperceptible manner, no matter our ages, in our attitude toward what is going to come first when we get up every morning. And how we go through the rest of the day, as well.
B000002UAR|5.0|This CD rocks. But then I think that Beatles rock, I really enjoyed this CD, it has a lot of great songs on it. And if you didn't catch it, the title of my review is a line from For No One which is on this CD. Peace  out!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD is just plain great! Sure, some tracks aren't that great (Dysentery Gary, Wendy Clear), but the rest is darn good! Just take a look at the lyrics to &quot;What's My Age Again?&quot; or listen to &quot;All  the Small Things&quot; and you'll fall in love with this album. The drummer  does a great job on &quot;Aliens Exist&quot; and &quot;The Party Song&quot;  and the guitarist rocks in &quot;All the Small Things.&quot; If you are  already in to Blink 182, this is definetly the CD for you! If you are new  to Blink land, take this CD for a test drive. See what YOU think!
B000002UA0|3.0|This is a great album, don't get me wrong. But Syd Barret was so off his rocker, that it could kind of get to you a little. For the Floydians who like to grasp some type of a concept from a Pink Floyd album, this is not a  good record to get hooked on. These are simply fun songs, and have good  rythyms to them. &quot;Bike&quot; is fun to sing along to..and any Floydian  fan that has had an infatuation with a girl before can relate to it.
6305807086|4.0|This was one 0f the unique movies ever. it is very enjoyable. Cameron Diaz is the best followed by John malkovich. The others were alright but not as funny as the others.<br />Being John Malkovich B
B000001GK9|5.0|Karajan only started playing Mahler in the early 70's, but it seems he was genuinely enthralled by him. It is undeniable that he had ideas for this great symphony, and it's wonderful to have him and the BPO at the service  of this music. All considered, this is my favourite recording of Mahler's  Ninth. Much better played than Walter's, less eccentric than Bernstein,  this is a truly great recording.
630575067X|5.0|All of teh hardcore-Star Wars fans love to pick out the bad details in this movie and then give it a bad review saying that it &quot;doesn't follow classic star wars.&quot;  Well frankly, I don't care!  This was a  gtreat movie, fan or not.  Of course, the graphics and special effects were  great but I also thought it was a very good storyline and plot that had  great action-packed sequences that kept you on the edge of your seat.   People of all ages can enjoy this movie even if they haven't seen the  original Star Wars yet.  Saying that it is just a bunch of special effects  with no plot is trash.  Can't you people just sit back and enjoy a movie  for once without picking out every bad detail (as I said above)?
0790729709|5.0|This is one of the best movies to buy on DVD.  Unlike the VHS version, the color and clarity in the movie is outstanding.  Whitney Houston's tracks in the movie are brought to life with the digital sound.<br />The concert scenes  will blow you away.  It will make everything you have hangin on your walls  &quot;SHAKE&quot; no lie.  Expecially the scene where she sings Queen of  the night.<br />It has two formats to offer you standard and wide screen. So  you can pick your choice which is nice.  A must buy, you wont regret it.
B00003CXDU|5.0|This movie was great at making fun of Star Trek fans all through-out the story.  But that wasn't all.  The inside-out-exploding pig thing was hilarious and the characters were all a riot.  The alien people who needed  help were really funny too.  This had some seriousness in it but it was  mostly a great comedy movie and (as said above) it makes fun of Star Trek  fans in such a great way!
0790737973|5.0|This is a great movie, don't let the numb minded Critics change your mind on buying this movie! I must say this a movie with a great plot that you will learn to love more and more everytime you watch it! The cast is  without a doubt a great bunch of actors. The soundtrack was done by one of  the best Composers ever, which helps bring out the suspense, and action.  The ending may seem lame the first time you watch it, but it is just like  in the movie &quot;Arlington Road&quot;, if you think about what happens in  the end you really understand the pure genius of it! I recomend this movie  to anyone, but most of all to Sci-fi fans.
0064471047|5.0|World War II rages but in the country, the Pevensies (Peter,Susan, Edmund, Lucy), four children find their way into the greatestplace they have ever seen-Narnia.  The White Witch has taken control of the land and has made an everlasting spell of Winter over Narnia. Aslan, the Lion who created and has protected Narnia since it's beginning must come once again and free the land from evil.  The classic tale of Fantasy, The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe is indeed C.S. Lewis' most imaginative pieces of work.  A popular book that has been around for decades, anyone can enjoy it.  It leads you into a land you will never want to leave and tells a wonderful story. It starts the Chronicles of Narnia but stands alone as possibly the very best of all of them.  It starts the whole adventure through Narnia.  This is one of those books that you really can't put down once you start reading it.  This book deserves 10 stars.
0393317552|4.0|I disagree with some of the reviewers who say that this book is not accesible to anyone not already familiar in this area. I have not read one history book besides this one since leaving highschool and can say that it  was certainly interesting and has intrigued me enough that I will add  history as a subject to my reading list. I find Mr. Diamond's style of  writing very smooth, this book almost reads like a novel. As I have said, I  know nothing of history and so cannot say whether his theories are correct,  but they are certainly convincing. This book has made me realize that  reading a history book doesn't have to be &quot;homework&quot; (AKA -  torture).
B00001SIES|5.0|I have many CDs and Muse's &quot;Showbiz&quot; tops the list at #1!  EVERY song is simply increbible! Muse will one day make it big one day in my opinion.  With songs like &quot;Muscle Museum&quot;,  &quot;Unintended&quot;, &quot;Showbiz&quot;, &quot;Sober&quot;, and  &quot;Sunburn&quot; Muse defines what real talented music should be.  Their  emotionally packed lyrics are truly awe-inspiring.  The only thing I can  simply tell everyone who reads this review is that if you see this CD in  stores BUY IT!  You will not be sorry that you did! Matthew Bellamy's  vocals rock! And the instruments sound better than anything I've heard!  Muse rocks!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Alright, this is not just a great album, but a really great album.  It has a hard time staying out of my cd player.  Every song deserves to be on the radio, and four of them already are. The Offspring have also created very  creative lyrics for Americana.<br />Welcome is a short intro that does a good  job starting off the album.  Have You Ever is a great song that has a nice,  singable melody that you will sing for months.  Staring At The Sun is a  pretty good song with a nice tune to it that you will also be singing for  months.  Pretty Fly, one of the singles from the album that is probobaly  the most well known, is a great rock song with a pop twist to it.  The Kids  Aren't Alright, another single from the album, is another song with a great  melody that you will be singing for weeks or months on end.  Feelings is a  good rock song filled with a lot of angst.  She's Got Issues, another  single from the album, is a great song with a really great melody.  Walla  Walla is another good song that isn't full of angst but it isn't full of  angst.  The End Of The Line is a really good song  that is very tragic.  No  Brakes is a great, fast-paced song with a nice chorus.  Why Don't You Get A  Job, another single, is a pop song that gets boring after listening to it  too much but it is still a good song.  Americana is a good rock song with a  lot of angst.  Pay The Man is an OK song  with a wierd Egyptian melody.<br />I  have no favorite songs from this album, they are all favorites of mine.   This album has some swears but not many.   (Note: if you listen past Pay  The Man you will hear a version of Pretty Fly with Spanish backround  noises.)
B00001NFCY|5.0|To all of you who don't know Creed very well, your missing out.  And this album gives you song after song after song off compelling lyrics, and complete band unity. This album puts Creed up another notch after their  first release My Own Prison and shows their here to stay.  When I hear  Creed I don't just hear one instrument, its everyone of them together which  is something new bands don't have.  Creed has the ability to capture you in  their music and in Human Clay they keep you swept up during each and every  song.  In my opinion Creed is best band to come out in quite a few years  and Human Clay excemplifies that.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I loved this cd.  All the songs are singable with great  melodys and creative lyrics.  My favorites are 4,5,7, and 11 but I still love them all.  Blink 182 are not posers and they did not sell out.  This cd is one of the  few gems that I love in my collection.
B000002VQQ|1.0|Pobably one of the worst albums Patti Smith has ever done, and that's no mean feat. If only Patti would loosen up a bit, maybe get some voice coaching and a bit a lipstick wouldn't go amiss now and again. It's sad  when this is descibed as your best work, what does that say about the rest?
B000000OE8|3.0|No doubt, MADE IN HEAVEN is a great album with one or two sublime songs, but if you're looking for contemporary Queen may I suggest you buy THE MIRACLE or INNUENDO as they offer a better example. The band, in this  album, have reverted to the deep and meaningful lyrics that they used when  they started their careers (before they went on to sing about fat-bottomed  girls and radios), which works sometimes, like in the case of TOO MUCH LOVE  WILL KILL YOU, a personal favourite and a beautiful Brian May ballad  composed pre-INNUENDO, and sometimes doesn't, with MOTHER LOVE where it  sounds like the band went a week without sleeping before recording it. IT'S  A BEAUTIFUL DAY has hardly any lyrics at all and only lasts about a minute,  whereas the reprise at the end of the album is superlative, with great  drumming from Roger Taylor and snippets from earlier songs incorporated  into the rhythm (i.e the piano solo from SEVEN SEAS OF RHYE). MADE IN  HEAVEN, the title track, is a very good song but is a required taste and  you may not like this sort of thing. LET ME LIVE combines thumping beat and  a virtual Gospel choir pounding out the choruses, with Freddie and  surprisingly Roger and Brian singing along too (Roger also sings on MOTHER  LOVE but in this song he doesn't sound like he's been drugged on sleeping  pills). MY LIFE HAS BEEN SAVED is alright if you like this sort of thing,  despite the pretty depressing lyrics. The next song, I WAS BORN TO LOVE  YOU, offers a welcome jolt back to the early eighties with a much-needed  fast-paced rocker from Freddie, but any hopes of the album gaining pace are  doused at the next song, HEAVEN FOR EVERYONE, which drags on a bit but  grows on you gradually. If you like this sort of thing, that is. Quite how  YOU DON'T FOOL ME weaved its way into the Greatest Hits III compilation is  a mystery to me; harking back to the HOT SPACE era, it's in complete  contrast to the rest of the album and although quite a good song, shouldn't  have beaten MADE IN HEAVEN to the coveted Track 7 on the compilation. A  WINTER'S TALE is an excellent tribute to Queen's songwriting prowess, and  the music is excellent too. Then comes the reprise of IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY,  described above as spiffing. This isn't a must-have for Queen fans;  indeed, you'd be better off just buying the Greatest Hits III which  contains most of the songs from the album. But if you're really a devoted  fanatic then this album is worth a shot. If you like that sort of thing of  course...
6305451591|3.0|I have seen both the Italian version &amp; the English version &amp; in my view, it's wise to go for the original version.  Even though nothing is lost in understanding the content of the movie via English, &amp; that the  English is spoken in Italian fashion, nothing beat the original.  The movie  holds no surprises.  Simply seat back &amp; &quot;enjoy&quot; the movie.  I  reckon &quot;enjoy&quot; is not a wise word to use considering that we are  watching a movie about life in the concentration camp.  Benigni is pure  magic &amp; I don't think anyone would have the weight as he is to carry  the movie.  The message of the movie is simple, the love of family  surpasses everything in this world.  I still think that &quot;Life is  Beautiful&quot; is a one man show whereas &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot; to  date still remains one of my favourite Italian movie.  Having said that,  this is still a movie worth your while to watch.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best movie I'v ever seen, the special efects and &quot;string works&quot; are really good.
1573225517|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.. I had a hard time putting it down. If you like music and have had a number of relationships, I am sure that you will like it also.  The movie is good.. Cusak does really well, but the book..  it's all about the book.
0783241569|4.0|When &quot;Nottinghill&quot; was shown in my local cinema, I opted not to watch it.  I thought it would be one of those Hollywood movies with those too good to be true story line.  My friends who went to watch it told me  that it's a wonderful movie &amp; still, I stood my ground.  Lately, with  the release of DVD, I decided to watch it one evening when I've nothing  better to do.  My intuition about the storyline being too good to be true  was right.  Despite so, the movie's honesty &amp; its believeable cast made  this movie very watchable.  All and all, it's a feel good &amp;  heart-warming movie &amp; reminding Joe Blogg like us out there that it's  ok for us to  ponder for good things that might happen to us when we are  the least expected.
B0000028RR|4.0|Rage Against the Machine has bombastic, fiercly political music that goes against our society.  The high energy lyrics of Zach de LaRocha preach his sincere feelings toward conforming by the govrnment and our schools.   Backed with technically impressive guitar riffs by Tom Morello &amp; Timmy  C., aggressive  rhythm from Brad Wilk, this frontman raps a multi-cultural  alternative to what you learn in school and see on TV.  Rage introduced a  new genre to the music scene with thier first record that is a combonation  of rock, rap and thrash,  The style of this album is very loud with Zach  often yelling to get his point across.  These are sometimes violent  and  also adress serious issues like suicide and being your own person.  This  and all Rage albums are made to express the views of the band members and  to inform the audince about what the government is doing in our society.   All of the songs on this album have a rich tapestry of lyrics that express  their views and tell what's happening  to our society.  This album as a  whole is excaellent.  If you like direct lyrics, pounding rhythm and unique  bass lines; this one's a must.  Zach has a lot of anger that he uses to  slam our government thruogh his music.
B00004STPT|5.0|Hans Zimmer prouved to me that he can make very good Score. The soundtrack of Gladiator impressed me and helped a lot for the movie. It gave a powerful effect on the sad story of Commodus and Maximus and for the action  scene as well. I think this soundtrack is better than 13Th Warrior and  Braveheart. Mr Zimmer is now in my list of great classical composer after  John Williams...
B000002TQV|5.0|I'm a new Radiohead fan, and the Bends is the first album I've bought of theirs.  I love it.  The thing is addictive--the more you listen to it, the more it grows on you.  Thom Yorke's voice is just plain *beautiful*--it  embodies angst like nothing that I've ever heard before.  Definitely the  best track in my opinion, on the album, is &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;.   The lyrics are simple, yet so biting and poignant, and the song is just  indescribably *gorgeous*--nearly tear-inducing.  I love it.  Other standout  tracks include the title track, &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;Street  Spirit (Fade Out)&quot;.  But really, no song on this album is at all  dissapointing.  It's all good, actually.  More than good.  Superb. Whew,  after checking out this album, I'm absolutely hungering to get Okay  Computer, which is supposed to be their superior work.
6305627347|1.0|It's not that I completely dislike South Park. I think that some  intelligence is behind the humour, and, in spite of the crudeness and  profanity, would rather my children watch this than many of the movies and  TV shows out there now.<br />But I honestly can't rate this baseness, this  shock humor, with more than a single star. I am not in favor of censorship,  I am quite liberal, and I don't have any objections to this being out  there. But the language and the meanness are blunt, and not delicate or  unsubtle. I would call this out-and-out mean and crude, and not define it  as satire. Satire implies a dryness, a cleverness. This movie didn't have  it. So I cannot say that this is a movie of good quality.
B000002UA0|5.0|&quot;Piper&quot;, much like all of Floyd's material, defied odds and even logic at times. It sounds nothing like any other Floyd release, and comes close to being one of their best. Led by the incomprable Syd Barrett, Piper  takes off on a magical trip of sound and vision:<br />  Astronomy Domine:  The crunchy guitars and thumping drums send a driving beat for the albums  opener. It is still one of Floyd's eeriest songs.  Lucifer Sam: A great  guitar riff from Barrett in a James Bond spy type beat. The lyrics relate  to a girl Syd knows who claims to be a witch.  Matilda Mother: One of  the albums best. Brilliant lyrics, and the music is some of Floyd's best.  Flaming: A happy song about being alone but being conent.  POW R TOC  H: What Originality!  Great jazzy instrumental and wonderful piano from  Rick.  TUTSAW: Roger's first song. Strangley, the song starts off with  &quot;Doctor Doctor&quot;. Now anyone familiar with Amused to Death will  know the last song starts off &quot;Doctor, Doctor&quot;. Not a bad first  attempt.  Interstellar Overdrive: A masterpiece of controlled chaos. I  hear new things in the song all the time. The version her on this album is  shortend to 9 min, but the guitars and drums are standouts.  The Gnome:  A slightly creepy story about a gnome named Grimble Grumble. It is rumoured  that Barrett was a big fan of Tolkein, with may have had an influence here.  Chapter 24: A simple song with lyrics taken from the I Ching  The  Scarecrow: A fantastic &quot;Beatlesc&quot; type song about a lonley  scarecrow which I believe is a metaphor about Syd.  Bike: Absolute  genius. Barret trying to show his most prized possesions to someone by  explaining their flaws. A bit like Syd himself, a misunderstood and highly  underrated musician, poet, painter, and all around good guy.<br />Syd's  candle probably burned brighter than almost anyone's. It's as almost like  he was the Superman, while Roger Barrett, his real personality and self ,  was the Clark Kent.<br />Okay, maybe it's a bad example but those who care  understand the point.<br />Piper At The Gates Of Dawn is an incredible album  that pushed boundries that never would even be attempted today.s real personality and self ,  was the Clark Kent.<br />Okay, maybe it's a bad example but those who care  understand the point.<br />Piper At The Gates Of Dawn is an incredible album  that pushed boundries that never would even be attempted today.
0792423313|5.0|Prelude to Foundation by Isaac Asimov, an immigrant from Petrovichi, Russia, is an action packed sci-fi thriller.  This book is about a man who believes he has a formula to see the  future.  He must run from the  government because he is afraid of what will happen if they find out how  his formula works and release it to the public.<br />    I have now read three  books in the Foundation Series and can safely say this is Asimov's best.  This is an exciting book that will keep you on the edge of your seat  wanting to learn about the strange worlds inside the author's vast  imagination.  You'll never guess what happens next because around every  corner is the unexpected.  This book leaves you hanging until the very end.
6305282943|5.0|I found the information on the two video and the DVD releases confusing, even after reading the comments here, because the terminology is sometimes scrambled. In theatres, both Todd-AO and CinemaScope versions were shown,  both widescreen. The Todd-AO is 2.20:1; I don't know what the CinemaScope  was (maybe 2.35:1).   I have deciphered the various pieces of information,  and determined the following (1) original P&amp;S video (not widescreen)  was based on the CinemaScope version, (2) laserdisc version was based on  Todd-AO version, (3) newer widescreen video was based on Todd-AO version,  and, the one that interested me the most, (4) DVD version was based on the  Todd-AO version. There appears to be no widescreen version on video,  laserdisc, or DVD that's based on the CinemaScope version. The video and  audio quality of the DVD is outstanding. My only complaint is that it's  letterboxed full-frame, not anamorphic. But, great nonetheless.
0446310786|5.0|This is the best book I have ever been assigned to  read.  I have re-read it 5 times since it was required in my freshman year of high school.  This isn't just a story about race or about growing up in the South, it's a  chronicle of courage and justice and truth, from the eyes of a little girl.  Please don't buy the Cliff's Notes... You may miss the chance to find the  book you will claim as your favorite for years to come.
0380973464|4.0|I found the book fascinating. The way the people who share last names with each other in different timelines slowly come together is intriguing. The language often rises to near hilarious poetical heights. The language is  the best feature of the book though the complicated plot is excellent. The  ending was disappointing. After all the great material in the entire book  the ending was just too convenient and easy.
B000001OAA|5.0|Out of Garbage's two albums, this one is my favorite.  Although in the second album, more technical and electronic sounds are added, I feel that the lyrics are somewhat better in this album.<br />The first track on the  album, &quot;Supervixin&quot;, gives you a taste of their sounds at the  first second.  The skips in it are what really get you into their  music.<br />My personal favorites are: &quot;I'm Only Happy When It  Rains&quot;, &quot;As Heaven is Wide&quot;, &quot;Not My Idea&quot;, and  &quot;Stupid Girl&quot;.<br />&quot;I'm Only Happy When It Rains&quot; is  great for people, like me, who are often depressed.  I feel that it's more  of a &quot;joke-like&quot; song, and in a deep, unique, Garbage-way, they  are able to make it sound serious but at the same time, it can make you  laugh.<br />&quot;As Heaven is Wide&quot; is a GREAT song.  I must agree with  Nishana, the best line is, &quot;If flesh could crawl, my skin would fall  from off my bones, and run away from here, as far from God as heaven is  wide, as far from God as angels can fly&quot;.  Where else can you find  lyrics like that?<br />&quot;Not My Idea&quot; is my second favorite song on  the disc.  For any of us who went through Jr. High and was not one of the  &quot;so-called-popualr-kids&quot;, you will really relate to this song.   My fav line...&quot;You thought I was a little girl, you thought I was a  little mouse, you thought you'd take me by surprise, now I'm hear burnin'  down your house...&quot;<br />&quot;Stupid Girl&quot; is another great song.   It talks about girls who pretend to be something their not.  Though it's  slow at the begining, but it picks up towards the middle.  It has a catchy  chorus and meaningful lyrics.<br />As you can see, I love Garbage.  I think  anyone who likes rock, punk, pop, techno, and eeire and meaningful lyrics,  will find that CD is D.), all the above!  Enjoy!
0792423313|5.0|Prelude to Foundation by Isaac Asimov, an immigrant from Petrovichi, Russia, is an action packed sci-fi thriller.  This book is about a man who believes he has a formula to see the  future.  He must run from the  government because he is afraid of what will happen if they find out how  his formula works and release it to the public.<br />    I have now read three  books in the Foundation Series and can safely say this is Asimov's best.  This is an exciting book that will keep you on the edge of your seat  wanting to learn about the strange worlds inside the author's vast  imagination.  You'll never guess what happens next because around every  corner is the unexpected.  This book leaves you hanging until the very end.
B00000612G|5.0|Richie Sambora has &quot;discovered&quot; his soul on his second solo outing!  I was curious about this cd and listened to the sound samples on Amazon.com.  I was so impressed with what I heard on those five little  30-second sound bytes that I rushed right out and bought the cd.  Rarely do  I listen to a cd and want to hear it again right away.  I played this one  and immediately played it again.  Richie truly sings and plays from the  heart on this one and covers everything from ballads to rockers to blues to  mid-tempo numbers.  His musical style seems to have matured beyond his Bon  Jovi days (only a few riffs here and there will remind of that time) and he  seems settled and happy with his life and it shows.  Buy this cd!  It is  jewel among the ruins of the music world today!
B00000IL1K|5.0|This CD proves that Sarah has the best voice on the planet. Everyone, opera fan or not, will enjoy it. I especially like Eden; Anytime, anywhere; Dust in the wind; Deliver me; Only an ocean away; Scene de Amour. They are  all calming and I recomend this CD
B000002UAU|5.0|I'm 18 and the biggest Beatles fan ever.  All that needs to be said is that Sgt Pepper released on June 2, 1967 changed music.  People my age refuse to believe that if the Beatles had not come to America and played on the Ed Sullivan Show on February 9, 1964, music would .  When the  Stones followed and released Satisfaction, the English Invasion started.   Thats why we have Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, etc.  Back to Sgt Pepper, this  album is sheer genius.  John Lennon's A Day In The Life is one of the  greatest songs ever.  Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds was also a different  sound.  Mr. Kite was taken from a circuis poster.  I want to know who,  other than them, would do that?  Anything anyone has done in music was  first done by the Beatles. The only concept album that even compares is  Pink Floyd's complete masterpiece &quot;The Wall&quot;.  Sgt Pepper is the  greatest and anyone that thinks otherwise just doesn't understand.
0380002930|5.0|Well, for all you ppl who are saying that kids shouldn't readthis book, you are wrong! I am 13 and read this when I was 12 and itis now my favorite book! I grew up watching the movie, and decided to read the book, and I was definitely rewarded. There are many deeper meanings to this book, sure, but the up the front plot is the best.
6305327041|5.0|Its been a while since I've seen this, but I bought it knowing that I really enjoyed the first foray at the cinema. Four stories, by four different directors, all threaded together by the bellhop. Obvious praise  is spread on to Jerry Lewis of the similar film he made, by non other than  QT who acts in the final story/room.<br />ITs comedy, there's no doubt about  that. The worst story is bar far the first, the witches are merely an  opportunity for Madonna and her pals to take their tops off. Thankfully, it  gets better from that moment on, and there is a definate feeling for the  bellhop by the time the whole fiasco ends.<br />Hats off the the idea, and all  credit to the actors, who really managed to pull off what would otherwise  have been a so-so idea turned movie.<br />Buy it, its worth the laughs on one  of those lazy afternoons.
B00003CWN3|4.0|BOYS DON'T CRY, director Kimberly Peirce's first movie, is a winner. The film is emotionally violent, the actors perfect and the description of a dozen characters found in a nowhere town of the U.S. frightening. Why ?  because they're real, because such people can be observed anywhere in the  world, in your city, in your neighborhood, in your family.<br />For a first  movie, BOYS DON'T CRY looks very professional with a clever editing, a few  arty effects ( sky and lights) well integrated in the story and a sense of  the rythm admirable.<br />Great video transfer, a director'commentary, a  featurette, spanish and english subtitles and a trailer.<br />A tolerant DVD.
B0000000LI|5.0|I first saw Yanni on PBS as well.  Music fans of all ages and ranges of likes and dislikes will enjoy this CD. The power and energy of some compositions seem to come through the speakers and fill your soul.  Other  works will fill you with peace and relaxation.  An excellent work by a  unique composer.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Tom Cruise is so watchable and so good looking it is sometimes overlooked  that he is a fine actor, perhaps even a great one. After seeing MAGNOLIA  and now EYES WIDE SHUT I expect future projects will be awaited with high  expectations. Masks are a recurring motif in the late Mr Kubrick's work -  in CLOCKWORK ORANGE they were painted on, in the SHINING the most horrific  scene was Jack Nicholson stumbling on a man in a grizzly bear mask and  costume fellating another man and now in EYES WIDE SHUT the mask on the  pillow next to the sleeping Nicole Kidman which has replaced her husband  Tom Cruise is the climactic moment in this outstanding film. The catalyst  for action in the beginning is a party which both attend - both engage in  mild flirting with other guests and in an after party confession Nicole  relates about an incident in their past when she was sexually attracted to  another young man. She confesses she has subsequently dreamed about him.  This sends a now jealous Tom off on a hellish journey into a world of sex,  drugs and commerce where everybody and everything is for sale. It's an ugly  world of upper middle class hedonistic indulgence. Mr Kubrick's use of long  takes, steadicam camera following characters, music full of foreboding, and  stunning use of colour and sets make this an experience not just a movie.  It has a happy ending, but the world outside still remains a threatening  one according to Mr Kubrick. A geat film.
B00003CWL5|5.0|My heart aches from being broken on so many levels. The beauty that comes from anguish and freedom is fantastically brought to light in this masterpiece. A finely wrought tale of suburban angst, the loss and finding  of dreams, the varied nature of love and what liberation there is in giving  yourself freedom to be who and what you really are and can be. I related to  each and every character at some level -- whether it was the recognition of  something within me or someone I know. Open your minds and your heart will  be touched by beauty.
6305165912|5.0|This has to be one of my favourite films, in whole due to the absolute genius of the lead character &quot;the dude&quot;. The movie starts with one of the funniest deliveries around, wait for the dudes answer to  &quot;Where's the money Lebowski&quot;. And that's the premise for the  movie, two Lebowskis, one rich, one the dude, and a case of mistaken  identity that results in someone pissing on the dude's rug.<br />I won't give  away anything, as this film is best seen as a series of events that are  expertly pieced together by the dude. The Coens have really made a  masterpiece here, and its a shame that they were Oscared for Fargo whereas  The Big Lebowski is bar far a funnier and innovative movie.<br />If you  haven't seen it, and you find eithe the Coens funny or like the idea of an  almost abstract plot that has some of the best dream sequences around, then  get this. Its a comic festival, ready to be played whenever you want it.
0783228457|4.0|David Cronenberg's imaginary world is full of mutilated bodies, of iron animals trying to penetrate human flesh or of mad scientists dreaming of impossible metamorphoses. It's a world you have to accept first in order to  enjoy the movies of this canadian director. If you don't, you'd better skip  the four or five Cronenberg's DVD actually available.<br />VIDEODROME is a  very ambitious movie about mass manipulation through television images. It  describes the ineluctable fall of James Woods, a TV station headman, whose  occupation is to find the most vulgar shows on earth susceptible to please  the audience. He will be trapped in hallucinative nightmares when  discovering the VIDEODROME show.<br />I think that the horror scenes are not  as well integrated in the action as they will be in DEAD RINGERS a few  years later. So the movie is hybrid, half horror movie half social and  political pamphlet.<br />The image is full of white spots (How ironical !)  but the audio OK.<br />A digestible DVD.
B0000027I6|5.0|this album is why my license plate reads, &quot;RWATERS&quot;. enough said.
6304083769|5.0|This movie is played in Tokyo, in a not very far future. Almost every human that walks the planet has some kind om computer eltering in the mind or the body. The world is becoming more &amp; more computerized, and people  can communicate every in any situation, just by patching in to the  &quot;net&quot;. The police and the special agents have superior body  functions, and some are practicly Cyborgs.<br />The story line is complex, and  very out-studied. A hacker is terrorising the city (Tokyo), and his nick  name is &quot;puppet master&quot;.  The rest you will see for your self.  <br />The colors and the art-work are all extra-ordinary, and just stunning.  <br />MY OPINION: The longer you see, the longer you get infiltrated in the  story. And by the end you're just gasping for air, and your sences are all  on top.  After a while in the movie you have all forgotten that it is  animated, and you just live the movie with your heart. To compare this  movie with Matrix may not be a wrong judgement but I think this is the  original, and it is a stand-alone and should not be compared with any  movie. This anime-film makes you wonder for days, and you forget the world  you really live in. And the more you watch the movie, the more you love it.  I can, with a stright spine say to you that this movie is one of the best  movies made by mankind, EVER.<br />It's worth all money.
0792833686|5.0|I remember seeing the clip of Gene Kelly doing &quot;Singin' in the Rain&quot; years ago on one of the tribute shows.  I never realized, though, that this movie was more than just one great song.  There are  several incredibly athletic dance numbers in this movie all accompanied by  great songs.  The chemistry between Debbie Reynolds, Gene Kelly, and Donald  O'Connor was just incredible and made the movie that much more  entertaining.  There is great comic relief from not only Donald O'Connor,  but Jean Hagen as well.<br />This is one movie that will perk you up if you  are down, or just want to have some good, wholesome entertainment.<br />The  only &quot;Potential&quot; negative I have about this movie is its  presentation.  I don't know what the theatre screen dimensions were back in  the 50's, but this DVD is full screen.  It is a great loss for us if parts  of the scenes were truncated because the producers chose not to do a  letterbox version.  It is still a great movie to see, though.
B000002J1I|5.0|I think that Tormato is one of Yes' best albums that they had ever spun out. I feel the reason that this CD gets so much flack from fans is that Yes was getting bored trying to re-do Fragile or Close to the Edge and  wanted something new and different and they had it with this one.  Unfortunatly most Yes fans had expected the same old thing (not that the  &quot;old thing&quot; was a bad thing mind you... far from it) from them  and were shocked by this album and therefore refused to give it any shot at  all. (I also believe Yes realized that their fans would react like this and  hence the cover of the disc, which I find perfectally Ironic since most see  this as their worst album :)<br />I say that any Yes fans with an open mind  (IE one that can like albums like 90125, Drama, The Ladder AND Close to the  Edge and not complain that 90125 wasnt &quot;old school Yes&quot;) will  most likely enjoy this CD and maybe even like it more than most. As I said  before, I would have to say that THIS disc is my favorite of all my Yes  cds. <br />I suggest one should at least give it a chance, and those of you  who &quot;hate this one&quot;, try dusting it off and listening to it with  an open mind. If you must try thinking of it as a new band called  &quot;Tormato&quot; with a debut album that they titled &quot;Yes&quot; :)
B000046PVN|4.0|This CD is a wonderful addition to anyone who enjoys the music of John Williams.  The extra tracks on the disc alone make it worth owning.  There are several cues, mainly ones used either during the Krypton sequences, the  Lois and Clark romantic scenes, and the from the last 20 minutes of the  film that were not on the original ST album.  Sound quality is crisp and  clear, but acoustically dry.  Wish they added just a touch of reverberation  to make it more listenable.  The dryness makes the horns in a couple of the  alternate versions sound sharp.  But the London Symphony Orchestra is  performing, and they sound great.  The album notes give any fan of the film  plenty of fun reading.  Only real complaint is the packaging jams the  booklet and  CD jewel case case into a metallic paper cover which doesn't  quite fit.  Mine is going to come apart any day now.<br />Still highly  recommend.
B00000IKSC|5.0|WoW! When I saw this video on tv I had to get it and I did. It shows that the guys are turely talented. I am a huge fan and I am only missing one video :A night out. All I can say this is definately a 'MUST' for a true  BSB fan! Even more so if you like AJ! I love the guys and their music, and  this video made me love them even more (if that's possible!)  THIS VIDEO IS  FULL OF ENERY, GREAT DANCE MOVES, ANGELIC VOICES, COMING FROM OUR FAVORITE  BOYS! GET IT YOU'LL LOVE IT!
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt is an artist:  his medium is language; his pallet is the world.  In the sense of being a true artisan, McCourt has recreated his life as a poor child growing up in Ireland with a realism that is  unparalleled.  Assisted by an amazing survival story, McCourt uses a style  of writing that brings you right into the shoes of little Frankie.  McCourt  is masterful at evoking the gambit of emotions from the reader.  He  implants in the reader a seed of hope-the hope that Frankie will be able to  overcome the adversity that he meets almost every day of your life.<br />This  book gets put down once-when you are done.  Highly recommended for any  reader.
B0000028P8|4.0|Mariah Carey has DA BEST voice, and this MTV Unplugged CD proves it!
0385484518|1.0|TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE could have been a great book. Instead, the author uses maudlin, hackneyed language to treat serious topics. There is no question, Morrie is a man of incredible wisdom with great life teachings to  give, but Mr. Albom shamelessly panders to an audience with a tear-jerk  fetish, corrupting the wisdom of an honest dying man with the language of a  man enmeshed in the world of capitalism. Insultingly enough, it is entirely  clear through Mr. Albom's language and writing style that he is intending  for the reader to cry. One thing is clear: either Mr. Albom used this  tragic story to make a lot of money, or he has unwittingly and foolishly  ventured into a writing genre in which he does not belong.
B000000W3G|5.0|This collection of Smashing Pumpkins B-Sides is truly for any fan of rock, alternative, or even classical music. The whole set is made up of the 5 singles off their double CD masterpiece, Mellon Collie and the Infinite  Sadness (MCIS). Because there are so many songs on in this set (33 in all),  I will break it down by CD single:<br />1979: This single is about the 3rd  best of the 5. The best track IMO is Ugly. It really has some  meaning.<br />Bullet With Butterfly Wings: This is about the 5th best of the  5, although even it's pretty good. This could be known as the &quot;Cover  B-Side&quot; single because about 5 of the 7 tracks are covers.<br />Tonight  Tonight: This is the 4th best in my opinion. This is kind of where they put  all the soft material because most of it is very light and sad.  <br />Thirty-Three: I think this is the best of all the singles in this set.  The best song is where they got the name for the set, The Aeroplane Flies  High and other very good tracks are My Blue Heaven and The Last  Song.<br />Zero: In contrast to Tonight Tonight, this is where they put all  the hard stuff off MCIS, including the 22 minute marathon of Pestachio  Medley. The best song, however, is the brutal Marquis in Spades, which  pounds your ears at every opportunity.<br /> All in all, if you like their  kind of music, get this boxed set because there is a lot of diversity in  music here. I've had this collection since it came out in winter of 1996  and I still love it. Highly recommended.
078062999X|5.0|This is an excellent representation of the famous Shakespeare classic.  Kenneth Branagh delivers a wonderful performance--he fits the Hamlet personna like a glove.  Supported by an all-star cast, and acted in the  original Shakespearian English, this Hamlet rises to the top of the pile.   I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who has read Hamlet and would  like to get more of a &quot;real&quot; feel for the play.  The only thing  better would have to be the original play at The Globe.
0345349571|5.0|I can't recommend this book highly enough.   Barbara Tuchman obviously had a really good time in the 14th century, and you get to have a good time, too. I challenge you to find a more vivid and complete picture of this  period, one as free of bias as this, or one as well written.  I first read  this book 12 years ago, and when I search bookstores for  &quot;popular&quot; history, this book is still my standard.
B000001FAW|5.0|I remember when I purchased this album back in 1970 something, I found it a lot of fun and very well done.  Some 25 years later, it's still a classic example of the tasteful writing and the trademark voices of a truly class  act.  As in a lot of records, the best tracks on this set are not the songs  released as singles.  While &quot;You Should Be Dancing&quot; &quot;Love So  Right&quot; and &quot;Boogie Child&quot; are fun, the best songs on this  collection are &quot;Subway,&quot; with its driving beat and haunting  melody and the passionate beauty of &quot;The Way It Was.&quot;  So, if you  have this CD, go back and check out these gems; if you don't have it and  you're a new Bee Gees fan, buy this for a good example of why they were so  popular.
B000000H5J|5.0|This cd is amazing! After listening to these heart-pumping songs filled with non-stop adrenaline, I have realized these guys are a force to be reckoned with and could be the best band I've ever heard. Fear Factory is  probably the best new band of the 90's and they have a graet new sound that  makes them very distinctive. People who say that this music is  &quot;generic&quot; industrial metal hasn't really listened to it or  probably just hasn't given it a chance. The vocalist, Burton C. Bell is  absolutely incredble! He has a incredible screaming-growling voice as well  as a bueatifuly haunting soft singing voice that mesh together perfectly.  This music really is unbelievable. Just give it a chance and actually  LISTEN to it. My personal favorite tracks are 1-4 and 10-11.
0821221841|5.0|This is an excellent book for any person interested in photography, any level. Here you'll find advice from how to place a tripod to how to get aesthetical results with stereographic pictures of the moon.<br /> Merits and  demerits and other features of equipment (cameras, lenses, filters, ...)  and techniques (focusing, shuttering, panning, ...) are also pointed  out.<br /> I've just finished reading the whole book, but take for sure I'll  read it many times from now as a pretty helpful manual.
B00003CWN3|5.0|This is a poignant and powerful film.  It is the true story of Teena Brandon, a young woman who is in the throes of a sexual identity crisis.  She cuts her hair and dresses like a man to see if she can pass for one.   What starts out as an experiment turns into a full fledged alter ego as she  is accepted as a man by a group she meets in a bar.  The story follows the  group's escapades, including Brandon's love affair with Lana, who falls in  love with Brandon, thinking she's a man.  It culminates with the discovery  that Brandon is actually a woman with a dramatic confrontation in the  finale.<br />This is film noir at it's finest.  A lot of people think that  this is a story about courage and lesbianism but it is really about  neither.  It is about the search for identity; not just sexual identity but  the search for a deeper self .  All the characters in this film were lost  and confused, but Brandon was the only one who realized it of herself.  The  rest were basically playing out their despondent lives trying not to think  of who or what they were.  Here was a person they loved and accepted, but  who turned out to be the most heinous of deviants as defined by their own  prejudices and fears. This is why they were so fundamentally shaken upon  the revelation of Brandon's true identity.  It left them to confront their  own flimsy identities.  They were left with no respite from the emotional  vortex. Brandon presented a terrifying threat to the way they viewed  themselves.  They were compelled to change who they were or hate someone  they had grown to love.  <br />This film was also about obsession.  Brandon  takes extraordinary risks to live the male role, not out of courage, but  out of an obsession to know and understand it, and to see if she can find  comfort and a sense of belonging.  Likewise, writer/director Kimberly  Peirce had been obsessed with this story and researched it for five years  before finally making the film.  Obsession generally leads to oneof two  places: greatness or death.  For Peirce, at least for the moment, it has  lead to greatness in the production of this film.<br />Strictly from a  technical directorial standpoint there was nothing special here.  The  lighting was amateurish, the shots were mostly mundane. The sets and  locations were realistically trashy, but it is a lot easier to create  realistic trash than realistic elegance.  Peirce also bogs the film down  occasionally with excessive character development.  However, Peirce  captures in the story and the filming, the essence of rural lower class  crudenes, bigotry and hatred and fear.  It is the raw emotion that reaches  out and grabs us.  Her lens brought into sharp focus the base reality of  inescapable despair and deluded hope.  Reality often has fangs, and Peirce  was undaunted in showing them and then ripping us to shreds.<br />As to Hilary  Swank, I can only add one more rose to the bouquet of praise that has been  heaped on her.  If there was any courage in this story, it was the courage  of Swank to take such a complex and disturbing role.  The subtlety of her  performance was astounding.  She needed not just to be a woman playing a  man.  She needed to be a woman playing a woman playing a man, trying to  look convincing yet insecure and unsure of how she was being perceived by  the other characters.  When in character, her many skillful lapses into  moments of femininity, only to snap back into masculinity were masterfully  done.  For Swank, this was a meteoric rise from obscurity.  It remains to  be seen if it was just the perfect alignment of actor and role, or  something more.  I hope for the latter and look forward to seeing her next  project.<br />Greatly obscured by Swankmania, was the performance by Chloe  Sevigny as Lana, Brandon's love interest.  She gave an outstanding  performance in another extraordinarily difficult role.  Her conflict over  the implications of her sexual and emotional feelings for Brandon were  sensitively and delicately portrayed.  She played the part with a tentative  eagerness, just as one would expect of someone whose sexual identity had  been thrown into upheaval.  It was also no easy career choice to be cast in  a role with so many explicit sexual scenes with another woman.<br />This film  was stark reality with no holds barred.  The filmmaking was technically  unsophisticated (and I'm usually a real stickler about that), but I rated  it a 9/10 on pure emotional power.  This film is not for you if you are  offended by lesbianism, graphic violence or profanity.  But if you are not  intimidated by the naked reality of the darker side of life, this is a film  you must experience.
B00004TDRD|5.0|&quot;Jaws&quot; is without a doubt the greatest shark movie ever made and one of the very few of its kind out there. Unlike that stupid shark movie that came out last summer, &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; or whatever the hell  it's called, &quot;Jaws&quot; is filled with plenty of bites that will  delight blood-induced audiences and a good load of excellent acting.  Starring paranoid Roy Schnieder, nerdy Richard Dreyfuss, and, in one of the  best film performances in history- Robert Shaw- and backed with a chilling  Academy Award-winning score, &quot;Jaws&quot; is a must see in my family.  But all of the above isn't what makes this film a treasure in my family-  its' because my grandfather, musician Oscar Meza, played the infamous  &quot;Jaws&quot; theme on the bass. Seeing this movie makes our family  proud of him. But anyway, &quot;Jaws&quot; is a classic action film that  should be seen by audiences everywhere!
0195117298|3.0|There are, historically speaking, only two concepts of time. <br />The first is the Space+Time vision of Kant, Newton, etc., with two small modifications. One is that of Einstein Time + Space are fused into the idea  of Space-time. In Relativity theory Space-time can be 'cut' by a  'now'-plane in different ways, under different angles, so that simultaneity  is no longer absolute, but dependent on the state of motion. But this  vision is just a further mathematical elaboration of Space + Time, and does  not contain any essential new insight into time itself.<br />The second minor  modification is implicit in Quantum Mechanics. One of the four famous  Heisenberg relations dE * dt &gt; h implies, that 'now' is not 'absolute,  and 'infinitely small', as commonly is believed, but has an extension that  depends on the energy content of any existing objects. The more mass the  object has, the more energy it has, (through E = mc2) and therefore the  smaller its 'now'-interval is. This implies, that the 'now' of different  objects is different; dependent on how much energy they consist of. From it  you can explain how come that electrons that spin around these atoms do not  radiate electromagnetic radiation. For if the time they need to revolve  around the atom is equal to the 'now' interval, they essentially do not  have the 'time' to complete that movement, so that, in a sense, you can say  that they do not move. For if they do not move, they do not accelerate, and  therefore do not radiate.<br />The second vision on time is the Leibniz  vision. According to Leibniz, time is 'not really existing', but it is the  conceptual order that our minds puts on existence. It is an ordering  imposed on existence in terms of 'sooner and later'. In a philosophical  sense this implies, that past, present, and future all `really  exist'.<br />All of physics is based on the Space + Time vision. Newton used  it, Einstein used it, Quantum Mechanics is based on it. Therefore physics  has notchanged the understanding of time significantly.<br />Basically, what  Julian Barbour does, is nothing less than a total reconstruction of the  whole of physics, based on the Leibniz vision of time. He first shows how  classical physics can then be understood. Then he moves on to do the same  with the special and general theories of relativity of Einstein. After  having done that, he even moves on to quantum mechanics. <br />Does he  succeed? I think he does. As such the book is very interesting. Next to  these attempts, the book contains some interesting insights that only  indirectly relate to time. Barbour shows, for example, that it is possible  to integrate the two different visions of Newton and Leibniz about space by  using Mach's principle. I find this part of the book the most fascinating I  have ever read on the subject. <br />The only objection about Julian Barbour's  approach is, essentially, the same you can rise against the Leibniz view of  time as such. Philosophically speaking, if you begin by assuming that there  is no real change, and that all change is `illusion', only `existing in the  mind', then you have to explain how this `illusion' can arise, without  introducing movement ANYWHERE. All such attempts have failed. To give an  example: if we go to the cinema, to see `a picture', then what we see on  the screen definitely `appears to move'. We all know, however, that the  `the picture' consist of a lot of pictures that are all static. The movie  projector, so to speak, creates the `illusion of movement' by showing all  of these pictures `in succession', i.e., in time. It is able to do this,  because it `operates in time'. In this way, change, and therefore time, is  introduced `through the back door' so to speak. Besides, the static  pictures themselves are a recording made of movements that have actually  taking place. Therefore you can say, that the pictures are the RESULT of  movements in the past, and not themselves identical with these movements. I  think that the whole Leibniz vision on time is based on an inability to  make exactly this distinction between movement and the result(s) of  movement. <br />Physics is about finding answers to our questions. Philosophy  is about understanding the questions first. Sound physics should therefore  be preceded by sound philosophy. Julian Barbour's book is very strong in  its physics department, giving at times very original insights. However, it  is very weak in its philosophy. In fact, a philosophical treatment of a  clarification of what we mean by the question: `what is time?' is almost  missing in the book. The book goes straight to physics. Julian Barbour  therefore fails to see, that the above `projection example' is a basic flaw  in every explanation of time that is based on Leibniz philosophy. In other  words, if you believe that Leibniz vision on time makes sense, then Julian  Barbour shows how physics can be understood in terms of it. But if you  think, as I do, that the Leibniz vision on time itself contains a basic  flaw, then Julian Barbour's book fails to address this. For the book is  primarily about the physics of time, not the metaphysics of  time.<br />Conclusion: Do not expect, to find an explanation in this book how,  philosophically speaking, `change' can be understood in terms of `the  non-changing'. For it barely touches on this question. The only part of  some awareness of this more basic problem of time I found in the book is by  the idea of what Julian Barbour calls: `ephemeris time'. Essentially this  idea of `ephemeris time' starts with the insight, that to understand what  time is no more is required than an understanding of change. Ephemeris time  follows from this as the ultimate result of change comparisons, through the  use of the laws of physics that connect all changes with each other. This  `program' is similar to an explanation whereby space can be seen as the  ultimate result of length comparisons.<br />.
0385491026|5.0|In high school, I remember having to read novel after novel about the popular theme, &quot;growing up.&quot;  But every single one of them were about a male.  When I finally came across this book, I was so overjoyed  that someone had captured one of the female stories!  Not to say the book  is feminist, or even for females only.  But it is filled with the aspects  of my young friendships that I have come to associate with females.  It is  an entertaining, wonderful read that I think all people can enjoy on some  level.  This is an Atwood classic (and I rate it far above her popular  novel, The Handmaid's Tale).
B000002LCI|5.0|Depeche Mode revolutionized music with a collection of great songs, revolutionary recording techniques, and one of the biggest cult followings in music history.  Back in March of 1987, Music For The Masses proved to be  another defining moment in an already legendary band's catalogue.  Released  only a year after their seminal &quot;Black Celebration&quot; album, Music  For The Masses was strangely both dark and danceable.  The fusion of the  two elements of &quot;goth&quot; and &quot;dance&quot; opened up Depeche  Mode's sound to a whole new audience of clubgoing teens who could  appreciate not only the beat heavy polyrhythms, but also the honestly bleak  lyrics.  Coincedentally, Music For The Masses would prove to be released at  the height of the 80's dance scene of 1987 and 1988 - this timing would  prove to be a boon for Depeche, as Music For The Masses sold more copies in  the U.S. than any of their previous recordings.  With the first single,  &quot;Strangelove,&quot; the band actually scored their first stateside top  40 hit since 1985's &quot;People Are People.&quot;  They even got regular  play on MTV for the first time, and earned a performance on 1987's MTV  Video Music Awards.  Not only did Music For The Masses open up Depeche  Mode's commercial influence, but it also revolutionized their sound as  well.  Never before had the band relied so heavily on rhythm to carry their  songs.  Recordings such as  &quot;Strangelove,&quot; &quot;Behind The  Wheel,&quot; and &quot;Nothing&quot; display the bands intimate knowledge  of layered percussives and employ them to brilliant effect.  Never since  have Depeche Mode incorporated such complex rhythms into their music as on  Music For The Masses.  This album, in my opinion is the paradigm of  eighties dance-pop.  Brilliant lyrical motifs that reflect life, love and  friendship coupled with strangely impersonal, yet passionate, synth-noise.   The glowing, almost orgasmic in heights, &quot;Never Let Me Down  Again&quot; opens the album on a blissful exuberant note as Martin sings  &quot;Everything is alright tonight.&quot;  &quot;The Things You Said&quot;  is one of the moodiest pieces the band has ever recorded, focusing on the  gossip of daily life - &quot;I heard it from my friends about the things  you said, but they know me better than that...&quot; perfectly conveys the  adolescent experience.  &quot;Strangelove,&quot; the album's most danceable  track, is accented with everything from metallic beats and glass breaking  percussion to electronic crickets.  &quot;Sacred&quot; explores the depth  of love with a gorgeous echoing chorus and beat-heavy verse.  Without a  doubt it is one of the best album tracks the band has ever recorded.  Next  comes the downbeat &quot;Little 15&quot; with a repetitive cello synth and  lyrics that will touch the heart of any adolescent - a perfect reflection  of the powerless feeling that accompanies youth.  &quot;Behind The  Wheel,&quot; despite being one of my least favorite Depeche Mode tracks, is  still a wonderful work-out in dance rhythms.  The intro with the  &quot;wheel rolling&quot; effect is one of the most recognizable in pop  history.  &quot;I Want You Now&quot; wins the MostDisturbingDepecheModeSong  award.  Its spooky breathing effects beneath a possessive lyric are nothing  short of scary.  But, a nice melody and the inventive arrangement save it  from being merely shocking and turn it into a compelling peice of music.   &quot;To Have And To Hold&quot; is one of the bands most experimental songs  ever.  You can barely hear the lyrics beneath the noise piled over top of  them.  But it is also strangely affecting because of this.  It is  near-perfect in conveying a sense of paranoia.  &quot;Nothing&quot; is one  of the most nihilistic songs the band has ever performed.  &quot;Sitting  Target, sitting praying, and God is saying... Nothing.&quot;  Is that dark  or what!   But this is also one of my favorites, because it is so rhythmic  in spite of all the gloominess.  Finally, &quot;Pimpf&quot; rounds out the  album on an instrumental note.  This is clearly Alan Wilder's moment to  shine.  This one can be categorized under &quot;unsettling.&quot;  And that  was it.  With these ten tracks, Depeche Mode revolutionized the pop music  scene of the late 80's.  The complex interplay between darkness and  danceability has only been seen since in the music of Nine Inch Nails and  Garbage, both of which proved themselves to be very influential as well.   Depeche Mode has never again toyed with pop music in the manner found on  &quot;Music For The Masses&quot; again, but their one foray into the genre  left a timeless impression upon pop music.  I recommend that you check this  one out.
B00003CWOL|5.0|This is one original script! It makes you think while it makes you laugh. The director is a genius and the cast is one of a kind. <br />Even though the film criticized the catholic relgion, a lot of the stuff they said was  true. And what I like about the film is that they did not question the  existence of God; it talked about faith and how we lose it. The movie is  extremely funny; I was laughing out loud throughout the whole thing. I'm  sure that God has a sense of humor, and I'm sure he'd laugh if he saw  this.<br />Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino, and Chris Rock were all  great. But the real treat in this film was the beautiful Salma Hayek; she  practically stole the spotlight.<br />Indeed, a controversial film, but the  important thing to remember is this: it is just a film. A must-see!
0440234743|4.0|I definately would suggest someone read this book.  For me it was a page turner from the start.  Grisham does an excellent job of creating Rachel Lane, the heir, as a strong, confident Christan.  Many writers are unable  or unwilling to do that, and I applaud Grisham for it.
6304510861|5.0|David Lynch is perfect when he works with a circular figure. You start with a situation, and a couple  or characters, they shift, magically into other characters, and then they end back at the beginning. The devil is  among us and he is the one who manipulates us into believing there are no  limits between spheres and times. It is absolutely  psycho-anything-you-want. You get giddy, dizzy and even kind of mentally  sick at that ever-rotating satanic merry-marry-go-round. Dr Jacques  COULARDEAU, Universities of Paris IX and II
B000009ED0|4.0|The last few years in music have just been an embarrassment of not only teen pop but also gangster white boy wannabes.  Kid Rock isn't either.  Pretty easy to put him in the later category, but after a listen to  &quot;Devil Without A Cause&quot;, that isn't happening.<br />The CD is a mix  of the hard rock that used to be in fashion in the late eighties but  without the make up and hard core rap without the dancers in gold lame (but  Kid Rock does have dancers that are often strippers, which works better to  me).  The hard-edged character he portrays is rock with all his faults and  his strengths.  The man is a pimp. He doesn't put that hat on because some  record exec told him to.  He's the real deal.<br />The sound isn't  straight-ahead rock, but includes some hip-hop seasoning every so often.   The lyrics are right on.  His stories are real and while sometimes making  you think, they just groove you and make you want to jump up and rock.   Songs like &quot;Roving Gangster&quot; and &quot;Welcome To the Party&quot;  are great tunes to get any party started.  The singles are the best rock  tunes on the radio today.  &quot;The Bullgod&quot; was a breath of fresh  air to the wimpy alternative stuff that was taking over.   &quot;Bawitdaba&quot; and &quot;Cowboy&quot; are some of the best hard rock  tracks to have success on the radio recently.  <br />The only track that is  truly genuine and a snore is &quot;Black Chick, White Guy&quot;, proving  that a personal story in rock music doesn't always turn into a good track.   Although the ballad &quot;Only God knows why&quot; is a great rock ballad,  including a vocoder to disguise any real sadness and hiding it with anger,  which is cool.   <br />In all a great rock album, but sometimes too much of  the rap interferes with the great rock beats, but hip hoppers might argue  the opposite.  <br />For me, I can't wait 'til his new album comes out and  changes the radio once again.
630562285X|5.0|I hadn't seen a good action flick for a long time until I saw Entrapment. The movie has many action scenes that will keep you on the edge of your seat! Mr. Connery outdid himself with this one, and the beautiful Catherine  Zeta-Jones stole the spotlight with her charisma. Like every action flick,  it leans toward the unrealistic, especially a scene in which they're  dangling from a 78-floor building, but that's what makes it fun to  watch.<br />There are several plot twists that will keep you wondering what  will happen next, and you will always be surprised. Entrapment is a  must-see and a must-keep!
B00000K3UR|5.0|I have been wanting to see this movie when it was in theaters but now that I got it on video I enjoyed it. It's about a guy named Sonny who's searching for a job so that he can get his girlfriend back and he finds one  where he takes care of a little kid. Man, that little kid is cool. I  recommened that if you hadn't seen this movie yet should it's a great movie  to own and you will like it, it's better than his others!
B000001E7V|5.0|When you first look at the CD case, you're struck by it's cover; is it a suitcase or a door or something burned? What the heck is this? It begins a mystery. You put the CD into your player, expecting something, and almost  immediately, the dark resonating beats of the first track  &quot;Overcome&quot; hit you in a face. It sonically rolls over you  hypnotically, sexual yet the heavy bass and dismembered flutes and samples  give it an all too deep, heavy apocalytic feel.   And that's only the  beginning.<br /> Here comes Tricky, former Massive Attack and Wild Bunch  collaborator, straight from the hip-hop hedonism of &quot;Blue Lines&quot;  and the soncially diverse &quot;Protection.&quot; Armed with samples,  ideas, angst and crooner Martine's whispy soulful voice, he gives you an  album that refuses to leave you at the end.<br /> Call it trip-hop or abstract  electronica...it all seems undescribable by how many styles are weaved into  this album; so seamless and flowing are they that you wonder how someone  could have thought of it.<br /> There's &quot;Black Steel,&quot; a remake of  Public Enemy's &quot;Black Steel in the Hour of Chaos,&quot; yet instead of  using Chuck D's bullish activism, Martine makes the song sound so desperate  until it feels that there can't be any escape from it.     The slow rap of  &quot;Hell is Around the Corner&quot; under the Isacc Hayes samples is  downright eerie, while &quot;Aftermath&quot; feels like you're floating on  air in the tropics; its hip-hop/blues fusion runs flawless.<br /> But there's  still blood on the tracks. &quot;Brand New, Your Retro&quot; is straight  out hip-hop/electronic/industrial, angry and never ending. The final track,  &quot;Feed Me,&quot; leaves you at the end of the album just like how you  entered it with a deep bass line and hard hitting beats, fading away slowy  to leave you at the end of a rollercoaster, yet still intact and wanting to  listen to it again.<br /> Despite the few 'up' moments in thisalbum and the  constant dark feel of it all, it fails to isolate the listener, who's  always anxious to hear more of what our tortured friend Tricky does next.
1559211407|5.0|I love this book. You have to read it again and again, it never gets old. It is a book that will touch you and make you think.  There is also a great film version of this book staring Anne Bancroft and Anthony Hopkins that  does great justice to this masterpiece!  Well worth the read. You can  finish it in  one day.
B000002I4S|5.0|I own over 300 C.D.'s, and I was thinking to myself the other day if my house were burning down and I had to take one c.d., it would have to be Giant Steps by John Coltrane. No album, from any genre has touched me as  deeply as this one. It is perfect; it has the blues(major and minor) via  &quot;Cousin Mary&quot; and &quot;Mr. P.C.&quot; it has a pretty ballad in  &quot;Naima&quot; it has jazz like complexity with the title track  &quot;Giant Steps,&quot; and it swings like crazy with &quot;Syeeda's Song  Flute.&quot; Sure Coltrane's soloing can be a little &quot;out there,&quot;  but it's hard to find a better jazz album than this one: except for maybe  &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; by Miles Davis. If you like jazz, do yourself a  favor and get this album. You won't be able to take it out of your player.
B000001DYJ|5.0|Recorded on the REVENGE Tour, ALIVE III shows KISS in peak musical form.  The band was tighter musically than they had ever been before, yet the energy and enthusiasm of all their best tours was still present.  With Eric  Singer on drums and Bruce Kulick on guitar the performances are rock solid.  The opening pair of songs, &quot;Creatures Of The Night&quot; and  &quot;Deuce,&quot; both leave all previous versions of those songs in the  dust, and are worth the price of the CD alone!  &quot;Heaven's On  Fire&quot; and &quot;Unholy&quot; are both strong, and the performance of  &quot;I Just Wanna&quot; is driving and energetic.  Both &quot;Watchin'  You&quot; and &quot;Domino&quot; also blow away all other versions of those  songs, but the biggest surprise of the album may just be &quot;I Was Made  For Lovin' You.&quot;  Eric and Bruce help transform a Disco-flavored Rock  song into a groove-laden Pop-Metal song (and I mean that in a good way!),  with a powerful vocal performance from Paul Stanley.  The album finishes  out with the predictable fare (&quot;Lick It Up,&quot; &quot;Rock And Roll  All Nite,&quot; &quot;I Love It Loud,&quot; etc.), but even those show a  new spark.  While not as good as the landmark ALIVE set, ALIVE III manages  to surpass ALIVE II (although my only gripe is that &quot;Tears Are  Falling&quot; was not included...), and shows that this version of the band  was still growing.  Highly recommended.
6304806426|5.0|If you're looking for a movie with plenty of angst, you couldn't make a better selection. Fiennes absolutely oozes pain and longing in the same breath throughout this film and makes us all remember the beginnings of  deep love. You will find the chemistry between Fiennes and Scott flammable  regardless of whether you like either of these actors. They burn up the  screen unlike any other screen lovers I have ever seen. If you want to  wring your heart and have a good cry, this is the movie to see.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I liked P!NKS first single &quot;There You Go&quot;, but was skeptical about buying her CD.  I bought it anyway, and now it is one of my favorites!  P!NK isn't like a lot of artists today, she has a lot of  talent.  Her smooth voice compliments the music, and the music is  fantastic!  This is one of those rare CD's that I can listen to all the way  through.  I especially love &quot;Most Girls&quot; and &quot;Hiccup&quot;.   They keep me moving and are a lot of fun to sing along to.  If you are  having your doubts about P!NK because of the name or the image, put the  prejudices aside buy it!  You'll love it, I promise!
6302206294|3.0|This is a costume drama, plain and simple.  If you park your brain, this movie is a lot of fun.  Of course, Hollywood being Hollywood, the movie abounds with historical inaccuracies--gunpowder?  Moors in England?--but  it's gorgeously filmed.  Kevin Costner is his usual deadpan self (and after  a while just abandons any attempts at a British accent), but it's Alan  Rickman's hilarious performance as the Sheriff of Nottingham that makes  this movie watchable.  Rickman was robbed of an Oscar nomination that  year--yes, he's that good.  A nice vegging-out-with-the-Haagen-Dazs movie,  and Costner looks pretty decent in tights as well . . .
B00000IPAX|4.0|I've owned this CD, and others by the band, and let me share what I have learned.  It deserves 4 stars because it is generally good, BUT...<br />This CD = sub par!<br />For anyone who doesn't get that, let me say that it's below  Blink's Standard.  The best song on Enema, &quot;Anthem&quot;, pales  compared to songs like &quot;Touchdown Boy&quot;, &quot;Sometimes&quot;, or  &quot;Dammit&quot;!  This is not arguable!  The reason those albums were  not top sellers is because they did not get any good, TRLish exposure.  Did  no doubt's first sell millions?  Eminems?  Anyone with real talent's?  Not  too often.  Some bands like Unwritten Law, who have better stuff than this,  still haven't made it.  Sales/popularity does not equal talent!  Check the  first two CD's from this band before you get this one, and THEN get this  one, if you've got extra cash.
B00003CXDU|3.0|A cute takeoff on the whole &quot;Star Trek&quot; fan phenomenon, &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; is a movie I can genuinely describe as a hoot--not a roll-on-the-floor, laughing-till-you-cry movie, but one that elicits a  good chuckle on a pretty frequent basis.  Tim Allen's dead-on William  Shatner imitation (&quot;Never give up!  Never surrender!&quot;), Sigourney  Weaver's surprisingly effective Wonderbra-sporting lieutenant, the always  great Alan Rickman doing that patented exasperated eye roll as the Spock  clone, and scene-stealer Tony Shalhoub (you might remember him as Antonio  on &quot;Wings&quot;) as the laid-back tech sergeant are all in fine form  and obviously having fun.  It's not &quot;American Beauty&quot; (or even a  &quot;Star Trek&quot; movie that takes itself too seriously), but it is a  fun movie to watch.  Get out the popcorn and Haagen-Dazs and let the good  times roll!
6303540082|2.0|Watching this movie made me laugh so hard, at some points I was crying. Hopefully Madonna has matured in these last ten years and acts nothing like the spoiled, selfish snob she is here. The way she talked and acted to  peers was so degrading and patronizing I couldn't help but to laugh at the  sheer  lunacy of it. The only thing funnier was the way her peers completly  hung onto and idolized everything she said and did. The only sane person  around her was Warren Beatty and thank God he quickly realized what a waste  of time she was! As a performer she was, and still is dynamite. The music  portions of the video were excellent and, having seen the &quot;Blond  Ambition Tour&quot; live I can honestly say I haven't been to a concert  since that has been so powerful and entertaining. However, I was very  disappointed with the &quot;revealing&quot; glimpse into her life. The fact  that a person could be so high on themselves and demand that everyone treat  her like a Goddess was truely upsetting. The big question is; How many of  those performers, whom she lovingly called &quot;her children&quot; does  she still keep in touch with? As far as I'm concerned, 'Madonna:Truth Or  Dare' was nothing more than a parady on Madonna's life and a big waste of  time. Lets hope and pray that she has grown up a bit since.
0812505085|2.0|This novel was very descriptive and original, but dragged on too long.  I found myself skimming chapters at a time because I became so bored with the content.  This book was definately not for me.  Don't necessarily let this  review discourage you from reading it, though.  I recommend reading the  first few chapters.  By then you'll know the general impression of the  novel, and can decide whether to continue or not.
B00003CX8N|5.0|This will always be one of my favorites! I have never said \\"raspberry\\" without \\"drawing\\" it out as the English do since I saw this movie. You can't review this movie . . . you simply must \\"live it\\" as you watch it. Anne Bancroft's best and Anthony Hopkin's close second to Shadowlands. An incredible book lover story! When you hold a first edition hereafter, you will treasure it as Anne Bancroft did. You will raise it to your lips and kiss it; you will smell and caress the leather . . . and, when you go to England, you will look for the store. This will be a favorite for your lifetime.
0553473956|2.0|The book is essentially a daytime soap opera.  Except, none of the characters are likeable.<br />My suggestion: read only the very last line of the book.  The book's very existence strives to make this sentiment true.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This movie is one of the most visual-effect spackled films since Star Wars-Episode 1. And that is pretty darn impressive. And the movie is great, Tim Allen really shines in this movie, and Daryl Mitchell and Sigourney  Weaver are excellent counterparts. And this movie is....sort of funny...but  it doesn't really live up to its comedy genre. If you want lots of laughs,  this isn't quite the movie for you. But the DVD is excellent, it has fully  interactive menus and two comedic features: 1. It has a Thermian language  track (good for a laugh, but not if you don't want to hear everyone  screeching) and 2. On the main menu, there is an &quot;Omega 13&quot;  feature (as you know, the Omega 13 is a back-in-time-a-few-seconds-ago  feature used in the movie), which is quite smart, because it can tell  weather you've seen the ending or not, because if you activate it before  then, it says on the screen: &quot;Access Denied. You don't want to spoil  the ending, do you?&quot;. And once you do see the ending, and try the  Omega 13 feature again, it rewinds past the beginning clip of the menu, and  the menu activates again. Funny!<br />So in short, if you want to see a  dazzling movie, see Galaxy Quest. But if Comedy's your priority, don't. And  if you love a well-designed DVD, get Galaxy Quest on DVD.
6304493681|5.0|This is one of the best anime's I've seen. Not only is its story line good, but the quality of graphics is outstanding. The attention to detail is incredible. The jump between CG, video, and cell animation enhance  rather than confuse the story line. The scary part is how close to a  possible future this anime really is. The music and intro song stay with  you.
0783230893|4.0|While I have some reservations about the way this film was put together, I have to admit that, at the end, I was very favourably impressed. Possibly the film tried to do too much; possibly it found itself in difficulties at  times and lacked clear direction. Whatever the truth of these first  impressions, whenever the film started to get lost, it managed to find its  way back to the main story without losing this particular viewer. At the  same time, although I was occasionally peeved by dialogue that seemed  contrived (more so in the first half-hour), the action held my attention  with hardly a lapse. This is not easy to do when you are developing two  stories concurrently, one in the past, one in the here and now. I must say  those occasions when the story in the past was about to resume were not  always well handled. Yet these are comparatively minor matters.<br />Much of  what we are told about the times (we are in Alabama between the wars) comes  through the mouthpiece (and actions) of the film's eccentric main  character. An outspoken woman who never hesitates to challenge male  authority, whether on behalf of her friends, the local Negroes, or a wife  whose husband is beating her, she leads her own private fight against local  bigotry. Indeed, it is the women in this film who hold our interest: they  are all struggling in a male world to make a life for themselves. Perhaps  the notion of a lone woman holding out in those times against racist  townspeople, corrupt law enforcement agents and local Klansmen is a bit  unlikely, but we admire her spirit. I won't say this is a great film, but  it is well above average and certainly worth a couple of hours of anybody's  time.
B000002C25|4.0|Be Here Now is without a doubt the best Oasis CD.  All there other albums have a few good songs on them, but almost every song on this CD is worth listening to.  Especially tracks like &quot;Stand By Me&quot; and  &quot;Don't Go Away,&quot; which are just amazing songs.  Any Oasis CD is  worth having, but this is the one that everyone has got to own.
B00003CWOL|1.0|Dogma was among the most tedious and boring films released last year.  Especially disappointing were the performances of Damon and Affleck, who brought to mind spoiled Hollywood actors who got together with friends  &quot;to put on a show.&quot;  It appeared that they never took the film,  the script or their roles seriously.  <br />The script is so talky and  lackluster that the story becomes extremely difficult to sit through.   Linda Fiorento, Selma Hayek and Chris Rock brought the only spark of sizzle  to this dog of a film.  <br />These guys are overrated.  They waste talent,  ideas, money and, worst of all, their audience's time and mental energy.   <br />If, while watching this movie, you kind of feel like some Hollywood  suites are privately laughing at you behind your back for actually wasting  more than 10 minutes of your life on this horrible impersonation of a  independent film, you are not alone.<br />The spin doctors positioned this  movie well -- focusing on the bravery of Smith in attacking Catholicism  (they obviously knew this movie offered little else in terms of merit).   <br />The Catholics are easy targets, though.  <br />Overall, this film is so bad  it stinks on ice.
B000002GQE|5.0|This album is amazing.  I was barely out of infancy when my mother bought this album-- she played it every day for awhile in '67 or '68.  So it became imprinted. (And how glad am I that that was the kind of music to be  imprinted with, back then).  The first side is pleasant and creative, but  the second side is a KILLER. I mean, any album side with bookends like  &quot;Tuesday Afternoon&quot; and &quot;Nights in White Satin&quot; is  bound to succeed (forgive the pun, double metaphor, or whatever!).  But the  in-between songs are wonderful, too-- &quot;Evening Time to Get Away,&quot;  in particular, sounds deliciously haunting.  And the songs segue into each  other beautifully, like the classical movement it seeks to incorporate into  a rock sensibility.  This is truly a special album.
0440234743|5.0|I've read all of Grisham's books and this is one of the best!
B000002GQK|5.0|This album is exquisite.  I grew up listening to it via my parents-- (thanks folks, for having great musical taste!). The songs in Every Good Boy are melodically enchanting, with beautiful lyrics.  Even the album  cover is unforgettable-- a wonderful story in itself, and it matches the  feel of the music!  The Moodys are so talented, that relatively obscure  songs like &quot;Procession&quot; and &quot;Guessing Game&quot; are worlds  better-sounding and more musically creative than any current top forty  artist's best stuff.  (Am I the only one to see this, or what?)  Anyway,  life's not perfect, but it's a mystery how they're not in the Hall of Fame.   They're simply too brilliant and lasting not to be in there.
B0000087QO|4.0|An album that boasts the best &quot;A-Side&quot; (the first six songs) of all time!  But after a perfect first half, the quality starts to vary a bit during the latter half of it - especially over the last couple of tunes  which aren't worth much: an inferior and out of place cover of Buddy  Holly's &quot;I'm Gonna Love You Too&quot; and a shouty &quot;Just Go  Away&quot;.  Apart from these, it's virtually a smooth sailing all the way;  from an excellent reworking of The Nerves' Power Pop classic &quot;Hanging  On The Telephone&quot; to the best disco song in the world (ever!),  &quot;Heart Of Glass&quot;.  Thru it all we get some of the classiest pop  songs ever recorded: &quot;Picture This&quot;, &quot;One Way Or  Another&quot;, &quot;Pretty Baby&quot; (written about a very young Brooke  Shields) and the unforgettable &quot;11:59&quot; - to name but a few.  Oh,  and &quot;Sunday Girl&quot; is there too: Cold as ice cream but still as  sweet?  Not quite, but close enough.
B00000HYXB|5.0|IN METAL TODAY THERE'S VERY FEW BANDS WHO CREATE &quot;EPIC&quot; MUSIC, (WELL,IN ANY STYLE OF MUSIC FOR THAT MATTER)IT JUST HAPPENS TO BE THAT MOST &quot;EPICS&quot; ARE PLAYED BY TRUE HEAVY METAL BANDS, WITH VERY LITTLE  EXCEPTIONS! WITH THAT SAID, AND ALL THE OTHER REVIEWS ON THIS PARTICULAR  ALBUM,SIMPLY PUT THIS IS AN &quot;EPIC&quot; IN ALL FORMS OF THE WORD,  ABSOLUTE PERFECTION ALL HAIL BLIND GUARDIAN FOR THIS MAGNIFICENT AND  BRILLIANT PIECE OF METAL!  A MASTERPIECE FOR ALL THE AGES! AND DOING IT IN  A TIME PERIOD THAT IS BEING BLASTED FOR LACK OF ORIGINALITY(THUS ENTERS  BLIND GUARDIAN) CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT BATTLE!
1573225517|5.0|High Fidelity is hilarious and brilliantly written at the same time. It is a thousand times better than the movie of it. It is a male version of Bridget Jone's Diary. You must read this!
B000002P5W|5.0|This is my favorite Jimi Hendrix album. A friend of mine turned me on to it and the sound was absolutely astonishing. I was excited when I was able to replace my worn out vinyl with the CD. This has many of Jimi's ballads  on it and some heavy duty rockers. It also shows a little jazzier side to  his music. For something very different, bassist Noel Redding takes the  lead vocals on one track. While the somg is not that great, it still has  that classic Hendrix feel to it. Simply put, this album is strong from  start to finish.
B0000021RD|5.0|I never especially liked the song &quot;Make Me Smile&quot;. Not utnil I first listened to this album and discovered there is no such song, it is merely a segment on the spectacular work &quot;Ballet For A Girl From  Buchannon&quot;.  When you hear the whole thing in context, the way it was  meant to be heard, it is utterly fantastic.  Just this work alone would be  worth the price of the album, but you also get some other terrific cuts,  like 25 Or 6 To 4, It Better End Soon (with its outstanding flute solo),  and the beautiful AM/PM Mourning (which is basically a piece of classical  music.  If classical isn't your thing, you won't like this, but give it a  chance).  The earlier cuts in the album are ok but not outstanding, and for  that I'd take off half a star if the rating system would let me, and give  it 4.5 stars.
B00000ADG2|4.0|Ah, Lauryn Hill. She is respected in music circles everywhere for her producing, writing, and singing skills, and her strong presence in today's male-dominated R &amp; B world. She raps like her life depends on it,  writes like she's pouring her heart out into the paper, and sings like  there's no tomorrow. Yes, very cliched, but Lauryn Hill is anything but. I  could go on, but I do better with lists. So here is my opinion on each  individual song:<BR> 1. Lost Ones- Mostly rap (which, btw, I usually can't  stand), but pretty good. The lyrics stick in your head- &quot;You might win  some but you just lost one.&quot;<BR> 2. Ex-Factor- One of my favorites.  I'm sure most girls, and even guys, can relate. A very emotional song, and  even sing-along-able.<BR> 3. To Zion- A touching song Lauryn wrote for her  son. She really goes all out on this one. Features Carlos Santana.<BR> 4.  Doo Wop (That Thing)- Yes, this got overplayed, but it's so true. Lauryn is  a real role model to girls, and it shows in this song.<BR> 6. Superstar-  This had good words, but was repetitive.<BR>  7. Final Hour- This also  sticks in your head. Mostly rap, but still strong.<BR> 8. When It Hurts So  Bad- Very honest lyrics. It's the kind of song you play after you've just  been dumped but you know you're going to survive.<BR> 9. I Used to Love  Him- Featuring Mary J. Blige. A bit weaker in the lyrics (&quot;I used to  love him but now I don't), but these two are an excellent combo.<BR> 10.  Forgive Them Father- Hill is extremely religious, as she shows in this  song. She puts a whole new spin on it, however, with rap.<BR> 11. Every  Ghetto, Every City- This is the story of her life, basically. You feel like  she's just confided everything to you after you hear this.<BR> 12. Nothing  Even Matters- This was pretty weak on the lyrics, but captured the dreamy,  nonchalant feeling of being in love. Duet with D'Angelo, which was a weak  choice if you ask me.<BR> 13. Everything is Everything- As she said,  &quot;I wrote these words for everyone who struggles in their youth.&quot;  Great lyrics, okay music.<BR> 14. The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill- By now,  the rapping gets old.<BR>  15. Can't Take My Eyes off of You- She does an  excellent job with this song. I love it.<BR> All in all, this is a good CD.  I have to admit it's not as consistent as I'd like, but there are some very  good songs that stand out.
B0000021RB|5.0|This album comes with a Golden Rule.  That rule is simply this:  When playing CTA, you are ALWAYS allowed to *skip* Free Form Guitar.  However, on an album with *so* much *incredible* music, we can forgive this one  wart.  It is definitely a guitar album, whereas Chicago II was a more  balanced work.  But these first two albums were *definitely* Chicago at  their very best.  By Chicago V they were a pale shadow of their former  selves.
B0000026NC|4.0|I think this album was really good. It had a good set of songs, and the newer vesions of the classic PF songs(such as 'Comfortably Numb', and 'Shine On You Crazy Diamond') were performed outstandingly! 'Run Like Hell'  was also good! The guitar solo's were really cool. One other nicely  performed song was 'One Of These Days'. If I were to get another PF album,  I would recommend 'Delicate Sound Of Thunder'. (which I already own)The  only draw back is that David Gilmour's voice on a few of the songs were not  'that' good....no offence to David. But other than that...this is a 'Must  Have'.
B0000021RB|5.0|This album comes with a Golden Rule.  That rule is simply this:  When playing CTA, you are ALWAYS allowed to *skip* Free Form Guitar.  However, on an album with *so* much *incredible* music, we can forgive this one  wart.  It is definitely a guitar album, whereas Chicago II was a more  balanced work.  But these first two albums were *definitely* Chicago at  their very best.  By Chicago V they were a pale shadow of their former  selves.
B00004STPT|4.0|After seeing THE GLADIATOR, I ordered the CD with the Zimmer/Gerrard soundtrack.  This definitely is a soundtrack in the grand tradition of Rosza, Tiomkin, Goldsmith, and John Williams -- although its darkness, and  a definitely Spanish/North African feel remind me more of Rosza's EL CID  and BEN HUR.<br />I identified the quotations from Holst's &quot;Mars, Bringer  of War,&quot; Wagner's DAS RHEINGOLD (I'd add Siegfried's funeral march),  and some of the rest.  Perhaps it's simply the way the film's narrative  moved, but I'd add Berlioz' HAMLET, and some hints of orchestral requiem  masses for solemnity.  <br />One of the things I listen for in a score like  this is sheer sweep, and Zimmer can handle not just grandeur, but a dark,  martial music suitable for Rome's legions in their decline.  I liked the  counterpoint of Lisa Gerrard's vocals and woodwinds, playing up Maximus'  longing for the fields of home, with the horns and drums of Rome never far  from the listener's consciousness.<br />The music works as music, as part of a  tradition, and as the background for a powerful and unsettling film that I  plan to see again.
B00000JMQC|5.0|When I bought this film I was expecting sing-song Munchkins and talking trees- I should have been more open minded! It is so much darker and in some places scary (for young children), e.g. When Dorothy is trying to get  Mombi's &quot;Powder of life&quot;, she has to get a key off Mombi's  headless body (Uurgh!) and Mombi is quite scary in herself. Anyhow, I found  this film really interesting and I wasn't bored a bit!
0140288503|5.0|Battle is the only event in Life that brings out the worst in Man and the BEST in Man: the Greatest of all mysteries! This is not Henry V but it is as close as prose can come to it.
B00003CWOL|1.0|this movie is boring, boring, boring. smith's flat satire lacks subtlety and grace and is redeemed (relatively speaking) only by its moments of ridiculous humor - a feces demon, horny jay, screeching chris rock et al. <br />the damn thing isn't even offensive, except in the sense i paid for the  rental. <br />cheap shot? worthy target.
B000002KBU|5.0|This record is unbelievable because it sounds like a greatest hits and it's not. How many other artists have produced something like that?
0553213105|4.0|This book is a pandora's box of characters.  Best friend, worst enemy, love of your life, and the one you love to hate, all found caught in a romantic tale that combines all the elements of human nature into a  realistic struggle between  true love and social status.  The characters  are phenominal.  I don't think Jane Austen missed a single type of person,  or disposition in her novel.  As you learn of her characters and begin to  relate to them you will run the emotional gamet.  From anger to tears this  book will take you into the perspective of multiple people.  You will not  only see through their eyes but feel what they feel.  I don't think there  is a single person who couldn't relate to someone in this book.
B00002Z88D|3.0|When I first heard that Metallica was coming out with cds that had orchestral accompaniment, I was beyond excited since I am both a huge metal head and classical music buff.<br />When I finally bought the set and popped  it in, I was thoroughly disgusted with Michael Kamen's orchestral scoring.  His writing seemed very unnatural, almost like he was trying very hard to  be artsy with the tried and true Metallica melodies by adding completely  new melodies on top or under the melodies or by countering the melodies  with colors and sounds that seem totally out of place.<br />Tunes like Masters  of Puppets and Enter Sandman which sound great if you are just listening to  the band, sound disjointed and derailed when the orchestra is figured into  the picture. It's kind of sad too since it is definitely not the San  Francisco Symphony Orchestra's fault.<br />A few songs have hints of what I  was expecting (and what should have been). A great example is Kirk's guitar  solo in &quot;One&quot; which is very nicely complemented by the string  section.<br />Overall, I wish Michael Kamen would not have strayed so far  musically from Metallica's masterful works. You could liken his writing to  a neglected person waving their hands back and forth desperately trying to  get someone's attention. Well he got my attention and that was the problem.  I guess Kamen forgot that the orchestra wasn't the main act.
0783242808|5.0|This movie cracked me up I saw it twice at the movies and got it out again on video just to see if I still could get more laughs out of it, and I did, this is a really funny movie! <br />Yes another coming of age story, with so  many truely funny scenes (that I cant share because it will spoil it for  the first time American Pie virgins out there! ) about the disturbing and  humiliating world that is adolescence. Four nearly young men make a pact to  lose their virginity before Prom night, vowing to help each other achieve  that goal, we follow their hilarious attempts to get propective girls to do  them the honour of deflowering, bursting their cherries, and cleaning their  pipes for them. The father of one the boys is a riot all on his own, every  scene with him in it is a gem, (worth watching the movie purely on his  performance! ).<br />I highly recommend this movie to anyone and everyone, if  you like to laugh then get this movie you wont regret it!  (if you dont  then your obviously not born yet!)
6305810109|5.0|In the first parts of the movie, when Alvin Straight (Richard Farnsworth) is driving down the road on his riding lawnmower, it was all I could do not to speed up the VCR!  I kept thinking - &quot;Good grief man, get in a  car!&quot; The slow pace was almost uncomfortable to watch, but then it  really hit me - he's not going too slow - everyone else is just moving too  fast.<br />And indeed we are.<br />And at first I pondered the question - why  is this good and decent old man having to endure this long trip? His  motives are pure and right. Why wasn't there an easier path for him?<br />But  as the movie progressed, I saw that the long trip brought him many  blessings. And his presence brought a blessing to everyone he met. His own  pain over a broken relationship with his brother enabled him to help others  find healing in their own lives.<br />Maybe the trip wasn't as much for Alvin  as it was for the people he met and helped along the way.<br />What a  wonderful afterthought to ponder! Who received the greater  benefit!<br />Mother Theresa once said that maybe we can't do a great big  wonderful thing, but we can all do many little wonderful things. (my  paraphrase)<br />This movie emphasized that lovely truth. At first glance,  this old man looked like a pretty unimportant character on the stage of  life, but in terms of the wonderful things he did for others, his life was  of immeasurable worth.<br />This movie is too good to rent. I'm buying copies  for me and as many family members as possible.<br />What a treasure. Best  movie of 1999 - without a moment's doubt.<br />And a last note - I hadn't  heard one word about this flick until I saw info about it posted at a  Christian website.<br />Hollywood continues to disappoint me. Why wasn't this  movie an Oscar contender?
6301174240|5.0|Hey people of the world, by watching Moonwalker featuring none other than MJ himself, his styles and profiles and must I say his &quot;fancy footwork&quot; will steal your eyes away from anything else.  No wonder why  this guy's a SMOOTH CRIMINAL!
B000020617|5.0|aaaaaaaarrrrrrrhhhhhh!  Can these guys get any better?  I though that the colour and the shape was unbeatable but I could not have been more wrong dudes. There just are not enough words in my vocabulary to  descride the greatness of this album!
6300215512|5.0|Simply put, this is the greatest movie ever.  And Gloria Swanson gave the greatest film performance in thie movie.  You forget your Bette Davises, your &quot;All About Eve&quot;s, your &quot;Titanic&quot;s, your Katharine  Hepburns, your Jack Nicholsons, and your &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;s.   This--Hollywood will never produce anything better.  <br />A striking film,  visually, emotionally, and in every sense, this is a dark, bitter, darkly  comical study of what happens when a faded star (who was a bit out of touch  with reality to begin with) clings a little too tightly to her gone days of  fame.  Gloria Swanson gives a phenomenally powerful, over-the-top  performance as Norma Desmond, histrionic ex-silent film star.  Bill Holden  is fine as the down-and-out screenwriter from Dayton, Ohio, that  accidentally gets mixed up with her.  Max von Stroheim is magnificently  creepy as Norma's devoted butler, and Nancy Olson is heartbreaking as the  one innocent with no idea of the trouble that surrounds her.<br />Every frame  is perfectly filmed, every image marverlously conveyed, every line  wonderfully spouted.  Nothing is wrong or out of place.  And practically  every line is a classic.  Most remember the last line of the film's insane  conclusion: Norma, finally completely descended into madness, sweeping  dramatically down the grand staircase as cops, reporters, and even Hedda  Hopper look on; the music swells to a deafening height, and Norma--with  that deranged look in her eyes--breathes, &quot;I'm ready for my  closeup...&quot;  But the best line of all, and the line that symbolizes  everything that stands for the golden days of Hollywood, is spoken when Joe  recognizes Norma and makes the mistake of saying, &quot;You used to be  big.&quot;  She eyes him bitterly, raises her chin, looks down her nose at  him and cries, &quot;I AM big!  It's the PICTURES that got  smaller!&quot;<br />If you have to choose a movie to see one day, and can only  choose one, don't let the opportunity go by.  See this.
B00000634J|5.0|This CD compilation contains just about all of the ebst songs John Lennon ever did.  If you want the most complete selection of his solo hits, this is the CD to get.
6302648750|5.0|The critics assailed this movie, but it's a huge cult hit.  The special effects won an Oscar, and even though you don't hear much about it, the performances are very good.<br />Especially notable are Meryl Streep and Bruce  Willis, both playing strongly against type.  (Although Streep played a role  not too different in &quot;She-Devil.&quot;)  Willis is riotous (and hardly  recognizable) as Ernest Menville, washed-up, drunken funeral-home  cosmetologist.  And Streep gave an unforgettable performance as faded star  Medeline Ashton, an acid send-up of ego-driven celebrities with al sorts of  great lines.<br />  Early morning, as Ernest walks past her bedroom door  Madeline: (Sticking her head out) ROSE!  (With disgust) Oh, it's  you.<br />Ernest: Thank you, darling, like a rock.<br />If you get and enjoy  humor like that, see this movie; you'll love it!  It's a fun Saturday night  movie--watch it with lots of friends!
B00000IQBM|3.0|VERY LOOSE ADAPTATION OF THE STEPHEN KING HORROR NOVEL ABOUT A WRITER AND HIS FAMILY,SNOWBOUND IN A HUGE HOTEL,WHO EXPERIENCE VARIOUS HAUNTINGS CAUSED EITHER BY THE HOTEL ITSELF OR THE WRITER'S DEMENTIA.TECHNICALLY  STUNNING AND PRETTY DAMN SCARY,BUT TOO LONG.PRETENTIOUS AND  IMPLAUSIBLE.NICHOLSON IS EXCELLENT AS THE FAILED WRITER GONE OFF THE DEEP
6302649943|5.0|This movie used to scare me when I was 4 and it still kinda creeps me out mainly in the graveyard in tape #2 but the rest doesn`t at all my favorite line throughout this whole movie was probabily &quot;We all float down here Georgie and when your down here you`ll float too&quot; MY NAMES KEVIN  UHRICH AND I`M 13 YEARS OLD
B000002UB6|4.0|The albums Abbey Road and Let It Be marked the end of the greatest Rock and Roll band of all time. Abbey Road was a brilliant album. Let It Be falls short of brilliance, but remains an essential album for any Beatles  fan. This is one of the few Beatles albums to contain not so great songs.  These songs are Dig A Pony, I Me Mine, and Dig It. The rest of the songs on  the album, however, are up to par with the rest of The Beatles's songs.  This album contains such classics as Across The Universe, Let It Be, The  Long And Winding Road and Get Back. It also contains more little known  gems, such as I've Got A Feeling, One After 909 and For You Blue, which is  one of Harrison's best songs. This album is essential listening to all  Beatles fans.
B000021XR5|4.0|Stone Temple Pilots have a lot of talent and some of the songs on this CD show that...&quot;Church On Tuesdays&quot;. But this CD is not five star quality, it is just too short.
630575067X|4.0|This movie is pretty decent but, it seems as if the movie is more reared to kids. Unlike the original 3 &quot;Star Wars&quot; flicks, this one has characters like Jar Jar Binks, which to me is a 3rd wheel to the rest of  the story. Just as Jet Jaguar is to &quot;Godzilla vs. Megalon&quot; (1973)  or Robin to the Batman series. It does have great special effects scenes  through out the entire movie with starships and podracers galore! Queen  Amidala plays an interesting character in the republic's struggles. Adding  the unmade C-3PO in the movie was a good idea to mix in more characters  from the classic series into the new film. Darth Maul is quite frankly one  of the coolest bad guys on the movie screens ( beating out King Ghidorah on  my list ). Anikan is a good character, but plays it again too much reared  to real little kids and kind of hard for older people to relate to. All the  robots in the film are cool but it poses some questions to me. Why do they  have more advanced vehicals and droids in this movie than are in the 1977  &quot;Star Wars&quot;? They have battle droid robots to get fried instead  of the real human Stormtroopers, obviously they were smarter in the past.  George Lucas should have tooken that into consideration as he was making  this film. Over every thing else, this film is still a very good addition  to the &quot;Star Wars&quot; series and every one should own it.
6304383827|5.0|If you are looking for a deep, philosophical movie .. pass on. IF you want a lovely, light hearted feel good movie with beautiful scenery, wonderful romance and MARVELOUS acting THIS IS IT! The cast was picked to perfection.  Gwyneth Paltrow is lovely and natural. Mr. Elton, though a skunk plays it  excellently, Mrs. Elton is fabulous, Miss Bates fit to a T, but my fave is  Mr. Knightly. Prince Charming ultra. I hope we see more of him. He is a  TALENTED TALENTED actor. You will not be disappointed!
B000023X9W|5.0|I am a huge Neil Young fan.  I own most of his releases and have been at many of his concerts since the 1980's - most recently his solo accoustic.<br />For several years, I have been hoping for another accoustic  Neil Young release.  My wish came true with Silver &amp; Gold. If you like  Neil's accoustic style sound, you'll love this release.  It is so soothing  with intelligent, thoughtful lyrics.  Think about this - with this release,  this artist has had major hits in 5 decades (60's, 70's, 80's, 90's and  now, 2000.  Incredible.  When many artists loose their touch or inspiration  (not to mention their voice), Neil Young still sounds awesome. A must own!
B000002U82|5.0|This is definitely a classic.  A downside is that it only has 9 songs on it.  But it does compare with such albums as Gish, Siamese Dream, Melon Collie and the Infinite Sadness, Adore, and Machina: the Machines of God  all by the Smashing Pumpkins.
B000035P7S|4.0|Lend this VDO tape from the Free library of Philadelphia. Quite a good story. Brando is a pin-up boy in the US Airforce in Korean War, unintentionally in love with a Japanese show girl. I cannot belieive he can  be funny as much as sexy !  Lots of Japanses beautiful shows and custumes,  exotic asian traditions. The Japanese leading lady is also cute and she  gave a good performing. Romantic and touching, really woth seeing if you  are a romantic fan.<br />The picture quality is not so good though, not very  sharp, may be normal for a classic movie.
B000002J09|5.0|Classic album.  It has some of my all time favorites.  It's up there with other all time rock masterpieces such as Gish (Smashing Pumpkins), Siamese Dream (Smashing Pumpkins), Melon Collie and the Infinite Sadness (Smashing  Pumpkins), Adore (Smashing Pumpkins), Rage Against the Machine  (self-titled), Ten (Pearl Jam), Dark Side of the Moon (Pink Floyd), and  some Cream/Beatles/Rolling Stones/Guns 'N Roses
0140177396|4.0|This story is set during a difficult time; the U.S. is in a state of great economic turmoil.  The main characters, George and Lennie are ranch workers, traveling throughout California and living wherever they can find  work.     Although they are long-time friends, the two men are very  different: George is a small, intelligent man, while Lennie is big and  mentally challenged.  However, they share a common dream: to own a house  and &quot;live off the fat of the land.&quot;  They do not wish to wander  from place to place their whole lives.                                Lennie, with his knack of getting into trouble, seems to make this dream  impossible for both of them.  Finally, they hit upon yet another California  ranch and meet an old man with a similar hope to buy a home.  This man also  has a bit of money stored away.  The three men work together, all making  money to go towards the same goal: purchasing their dream home.  Just when  everything seems to be going their way, the inevitable happens.  Blundering  Lennie gets into trouble yet again.  Only this time it is serious.           Although I won't give away the shocking conclusion of this novel, I will  say this: Of Mice and Men is a great book.  It is terse, simple, and still  so meaningful.  The 90 pages of this book really fly by.  Read this  wonderful classic!
6304712936|5.0|I saw this movie basicly by accident.  I rented it thinking it couldn't be too bad since it won all those oscars. I didn't even like classical music at the time.  Well, I was astounded and moved by it like no other film I  had ever seen.  The acting was exellent, the story enthralling, and the  music!  It was like listening to the voice of God.  A kings composer  forgoten overnight and a forgoten nobody becomes one of history's most  renouned composers, if not the greatest in history.  F. Murray Abraham and  Tom Hulce are brilliant, as is Jeffrey Jones as the bumbling Emperor of  Austria who &quot;had no ear at all.&quot;  I imediatly purchased the  soundtrack and other comositions by Mozart, amazing for a guy who thought  he hated classical music.  Buy it and see and hear, you won't be  disapointed.
B000002C1X|5.0|I saw Pink Floyd in concert when I spent the summer at the University of Michigan with my good friend Dana.  The concert was actually in Detroit under a dome and the pot smoke that clung in the air had no place to vent,  so I consider that night to be my first (and only) experience with &quot;da  weed.&quot;<br />Regardless, I remember the concert as being visually  stimulating and somewhat intimidating.  I always thought of Pink Floyd as a  heavy metal band on the same wavelength as Metallica and/or Megadeth.   During the concert when they sang, &quot;We don't need no education&quot; I  thought of it as an anthem with as much candor as Twisted Sister's  &quot;We're Not Gonna Take It!&quot;  <br />Then recently I purchased  &quot;The Wall.&quot;  I own very few CDs that I consider to be sublime--in  the sense that they offer something spiritual, as well as musical.  Those  albums include both The Who's &quot;Tommy&quot; and  &quot;Quadrophenia,&quot; and perhaps some of my Neil Young.  The Beatles  &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;---especially &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; and  their White Album with their &quot;Revolution #9&quot; (if you close your  eyes while you listen to it and pretend you're dying it's a really trippy  experience.)<br />But after the fifth time listening to The Wall straight  through (I bought it last week) I've decided that it very well may be my  favorite album of all time.  It offers so much.  It's operatic.  It's  angry.  It's beautiful.  It's poetic.  It's symbolic.  And it's spiritual.   The soundscapes are seemlessly edited and there are moments that I wish I  could bottle, like the beginning of &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky&quot; where the  little girl (or boy says), &quot;Look, mommy, it's an airplane up in the  sky&quot; or the weird sound during the one that goes &quot;When we were  young and went to school there were certain teachers that would hurt the  children....&quot;  Then of course there are my favorite three songs in  sequence: &quot;Vera&quot; &quot;Bring The Boys Back Home&quot; and  &quot;Comfortably Numb.&quot;  But the way the CD begins and ends with the  same simple melody is truly powerful.  If you don't already own &quot;The  Wall&quot; I seriously suggest making it your next CD purchase.
0786915749|5.0|Good book!  From the very beginning it was very exciting and fast paced, but at the same time it let you get to know the characters enough to really like them from the very start of the book.  The storyline was really good  and I especially liked how Dragonlance had a deep history even in this very  first book.  The ending left you wondering without having a lot of  cliffhangers.  It makes you want to buy all the other Dragonlance books
B00000IQBM|1.0|Having read The Shining, and been in turns moved to laughter, tears and of course, terror, I was prepared for a powerful movie.  It was - powerfully dreadful.  Stanley Kubrick missed the whole point of the book - the  humanity and the struggled against human and supernatural evil.  The  tragedy of the book was the gradual seducation of Jack Torrance back into  alcoholism and into the grip of the Hotel.  Jack Nicholson, a fine actor,  proved himself to be a USDA Grade One Ham, with his slobbering, capering  immediate descent into evil.  Wendy in the movie was a dishrag of a wife.   Stephen King has never written such a spineles woman character in any of  his books, let alone this one.  And what can I say about the idea of  Danny's &quot;friend&quot; Tony being his finger?  Nothing without getting  sick to my stomach.  And Scatman as Dick Halloran!  I don't know what  Kubrick was thinking, but for me he bore an uncomfortable resemblance to a  Step &amp; Fetch it.  He was the most strong, dignified character in the  book.  As he was portrayed, I would never believe Danny would take any  advice from him.  The chase scene at the end in the maze would have been a  clever touch in another movie; the true death scene of Jack Torrance and  the Hotel in the book was so moving and horrifying.  I liked nothing about  this movie.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|I loved this movie, I have seen so many movie lately but none compare to this! I loved it! Anyone with an open mind should see this movie and find out what I am talking about.
0060920386|5.0|I read this book a few years back and what I would say is that for those with an interest in business and management  or even business history it is a thoroughly entertaining read. This is not one of those dry reads one  sometimes comes across in these contemporary accounts of events.  The  author is a working journalist for the Wall Street Journal as I recall and  the need to consistently pack the details in with an interesting flourish  on his day job does seem to show through in this effort and others. I  recommend not just the book but the author as well (he has written other  books dealing with business and organizations).
0553277472|5.0|As an avid 16 year old reader (yes there are some), I must say that I love this book.  I tried to write a big review but nothing I can write now would do this book justice.   This book is just amazing, it's changed how I look  at things, how I appreciate them.  I hope that one day I can take a class  in college on this book.  I know that I can't fully comprehend and  appreciate everything in this book, but it still leaves me with a sense of  awe.  It's a profound kind of feeling on the scale of when I first say the  grand canyon, or the vietnam memorial, or the first sunset I saw out west;  this book is awesome.  If you are open-minded and patient, please do  yourself a favor and find a way to read this book.
0805062971|5.0|Chuck Palahniuk's debut novel, &quot;Fight Club,&quot; is one of the greatest, provocative, and enlightening books written for our generation. It's a must-read, with a brilliant story, a writing style wonderfully  crafted to depict the real world for as disgusting as it is, and a  mischievous character who goes by the name of Tyler Durden, who's out to  change the grotesque problems of modern-day society, for good. --And great  brain food. There are some issues and statements given in this book that  really make you think especially about how we're defining  &quot;progress&quot; for humanity. How do we define success and progress,  but by how big of a house we have, or how much we have in the bank, or how  pretty our wives look? In this book, the anti-society society &quot;Fight  Club&quot; determines success by how little you have.<br />&quot;Only until we  lose everything, are we free to do anything.&quot;<br />Tyler Durden, Fight  Club--the movie<br />~ Matt Overpeck<br />I couldn't have said this better  myself.  Chuck Palahniuk's debut novel is the best book I've read in my  short pitiful slum of a life.  Since my life is so pathetic this book was  one that I could relate to in the real world.  I suggest that anybody that  enjoys watching movies will enjoy Fight Club and will absolutely love the  book as well.  Chuck Palahniuk is the best writer I've ever seen and I  can't wait to read his next book.
6305177473|5.0|This movie was one of the best I have ever seen!  I'm sorry Haley Mills's fans, but Lindsay Lohan was the absolute best!  Now, SHE is an ACTRESS. She might be new but she really was (is) wonderful.  She plays the parts of  Hallie and Annie perfectly.   She has the British accent down to a science,  and I hardly noticed any flaws.  The plot is pretty much the same as the  original Parent Trap but is a little different.  If you haven't seen it yet  you definitely should, especially if you're looking for a good laugh.  The  hilarious part of which a boy finds himself at an all girls camp (&quot;I  thought this was a BOY'S camp&quot;) and the raid Hallie's bunk does on  Annie's will keep you rolling on the floor.  Like I said before, DON'T  THINK JUST BUY IT!
B0000029LG|5.0|HIStory is a great collection of songs. The first disc, History Begins, is a collection of some of his Greatest Hits since his first album Off The Wall. They range from the hits Dont Stop Til You Get Enough, Thriller, Bad,  Black Or White, and many more. Good recap of his career but missing some of  his great hits such as Dirty Diana, Smooth Criminal, Human Nature, Off The  WAll and more.<br />The second disc, History Continues, is an album of new  material. Very good material in some cases, though the album has its short  falls in my opinion. Scream is probably one of the best tracks on History  Continues, a duet with Janet Jackson. They Dont Care About Us is a song  about racism and stopping it, which caused much controvesy and many took it  the wrong way. Stranger In Moscow is one of his best songs, another gem on  the album. Other highlights include HIStory, Little Susie (a very very sad  song), 2Bad, Earth Song, Tabloid Junkie. All the songs are good, although  there are lots of filler ones that lack in comparisson to the very good  songs. Those songs include This Time Around, Money, D.S., Come Together,  Smile.<br />Overall this is a great retrospect of a great career by one of the  most talented artists ever. Michael continues to use aspects of his music  in the past and reinventing sounds and himself for his new music, therefore  creating fresh, good music.
6305728437|5.0|Mulan is one of the most funny and moving movies I have everseen.<br />Mulan is a young, beautiful Chinese girl who is of amarriagable age.  But her only problem is that she's too much of a tomboy to please the matchmaker, and she despairs of ever bringing honor to her family.<br />When Mulan bravely goes into the army to fight the Huns in her aging father's place, she is protected by a bumbling-fumbling guardian dragon, Mushu...<br />This movie has got to be the best one that Disney has ever made, aside from Toy Story 2.  There is a wonderful moral lesson in this movie, and is extremely enjoyable at any age.  The entire movie is filled with witty and funny lines, like when Mushu says to Mulan &quot;You're da man!  Well, sort of&quot; and &quot;Here's your breakfast.  (Here Mushu shows Mulan a bowl of porridge with eggs and bacon for a face) And it's happy to see ya!&quot; If you're looking for a laugh, a cry and a just plain good movie, rent or buy Mulan now.  It's perfect for any age.
B000002BFL|5.0|I am a long time Springsteen fan, as well as a long time Steinbeck fan. The best of both is captured in this beautiful collection of stories that Bruce sings with the voice of a man who has felt the pathos, the misery and  the desolation of life for the poorest of the poor, and the weakest of the  weak. His words are poetry like no other. I have listened to this cd  thousands of times. Over and over, day by day, and still I find something  fresh and alive in his ponderings. Across The Border is a singly beautiful  portrait of love and faith and hopes and dreams. The harmonica and  accordian solos on this piece are stunning.  Youngstown and the title  track, Ghost of Tom Joad are haunting in there ability to place the  listener in the midst of the turmoil. A must have for any collector of  great music and great writing.
6304385668|4.0|Michael Collins is the kind of political epic that wins Oscars. The only strike against this big, blowzy Irish potato is that it exalts a man many see as villain.<br />There are no easy answers bestowed on us in Michael  Collins, nor should there be. But the questions pondered come in such a  sumptuous package that it's easy to get lost in all the free-flowing Irish  nationalism. <br />History does agree that Collins was a patriot trying to  free his homeland from stiff-necked British control. While the sun was  setting the Empire, its wee neighbor was testing its limits and then openly  rebelling against the Crown's sovereignty.<br />Starting in 1916 with the  famously bloody Easter Uprising and ending with Collins' ambush and death  in 1922, Neil Jordan's detailed and dizzying trip does much to shed light  on what's a historical footnote for most non-Irish Americans. I just wonder  how it will play in London.<br />Liam Neeson brings an amazing vigor and  poignancy to the title role as Collins goes from minor revolutionary to big  man of the little isle. And as with most martyrs for the cause, there's  ample time in the movie's two and a half hour running time for Collins to  ruffle opposing feathers. Interestingly, one of the first is that of  Republic President Eamon DeValera (a rightly stoic Alan Rickman). Both  desire a free Irish state, but while De Valera prefers diplomacy, Collins  is ready to kick some arse if he has to. <br />Michael Collins plays fast and  loose with many of the facts, and the subplots, including a love triangle  between Collins and Harry Boland (Aidan Quinn) is bland and  inconsequential. It may not set your rebellious heart afire, but Collins  does contain more than its share of blarney-free bluster.
052594527X|5.0|The first thing you should do before reading this book is either find a book with Vermeer's paintings in it, or print them from the internet.  I found reading the book and looking at the pictures provided a whole new  dimension to reading.  I loved the description of life in Delft, especially  from a maid's view.  Even more interesting was the description of Vermeer's  painting, mixing of paints, building of color and watching a young girl's  awakening to the beauty in color, light and design.  I felt I learned right  along with her.  It was a beautifully written book.  I hated for the book  to come to an end and felt saddened that Vermeer's life came to an end  before he could create more beautiful art works.
6304372620|3.0|Any movie that has the Catholic church frothing at the mouth can't be all bad. In the case of Sleepers, the lodged complaint circles not around the brutal treatment of four boys at the center of the film, but the  perjury-laced testimony of the priest (played by Robert DeNiro) who tries  to protect them.<br />The authenticity of Lorenzo Carcaterra's bestseller has  continued to be a question, but the compelling nature of the story--true or  not--is undeniable. The wise guy buddies grow up fast in Hell's Kitchen in  the '60s. They do the altar boy thing one minute and peer at naked ice  capade dancers through a broken window the next. It's like an Angel's with  Dirty Faces remake without Cagney or an electric chair. <br />The rough center  of the story comes in the shadowy form of Wilkinson, a dank reform school  where the spirits of the precocious teens are crushed on a relentless wheel  of physical and verbal abuse. The leader of the pack is a sicko guard named  Nokes (Kevin Bacon). The kids do their time and twelve years later two of  them grease Nokes in a restaurant. Michael (Brad Pitt), an assistant D.A.,  and Lorenzo (Jason Patric), a reporter, conspire to get their buds off the  hook in an eye for an eye trade-off.<br />They cash in all their favors, throw  an alcoholic lawyer played by Dustin Hoffman on the other side of the case,  and wreak revenge on their past.<br />But despite the star-studded lineup,  Sleepers doesn't pack quite the emotional wallop it could have. The  devastating prologue makes anything after it meager and shallow.
0790729652|5.0|What an amazing summer 1989 had.  For me college was done, and I was soon off to law school, but for the summer of 1989 I was a high paid summer law clerk living in D.C., with a mountain bike and a pile of unforgettable  friends I would spend priceless and irreplaceable nights with, creating  memories at the Tombs, knowing that, come September, things would never be  the same.  It was the last summer Dee Dee played with the Ramones, whom we  chased all over the mid-atlantic.  The Mazda Miata was introduced and there  was a tremendous buzz about that and we test drove it.  Gregg LeMond  defeated Laurent Fignon in the most exciting Tour De France finish ever and  we caught it live from our living room on &quot;S&quot; Street, NW.<br />And  then there was Batman.  I kept reminding friends &quot;June 26&quot; ...  &quot;June 26&quot;; that and the warnerbrotherized Batman logo are all  that appeared on the Batman movie posters which teased us.  I had a serious  Batman jones since Frank Miller's Dark Knight series and had gobbled up  Batman for the past four years.  Batman's logo was prominently featured on  my bicycle.  The media teased us with retrospectives on Batman, with  stories about the Golden Age, the Batman mythos, and especially Bob Kane  (who by the way makes a cameo appearance in the movie as a sketch artist  who taunts the interepid Alexander Knox).  D.C.'s WUSA (I think it was  them) was running the old 60s Batman TV show on saturday mornings, and I'd  get up early just to watch AND tape them before going out on my mountain  bike.  The Artist Who Hadn't Yet Freaked Out And Was Still Then Known As  Prince performed two soundtrack songs, &quot;Trust&quot; and the Batman  theme, on Saturday Night Live.<br />We were tantalized.<br />And then June 26  came around, and for the rest of the summer a perma-grin remained on my  face.  From beginning to end, what a great movie, and what a summer.  But  when I get the DVD, won't it only make me realize that you can never go  back?ver go  back?
6305313687|5.0|A frighteningly realistic film about redemption from evil.  Sadly, redemption is not enough, as is clear from the (predictable) ending.  The dinner table scene with Derek's father was one of the best of the movie- it  showed how someone becomes infected with racism in a seemingly harmless  way.  This film is a keeper...
B000002KBH|5.0|American Beauty should be in any Grateful Dead fan's collection - even someone that is not a real fan of the Dead would enjoy it.  This album contains classics such as Sugar Magnolia, while also incorporating some  favorites of Jerry Garcia, like Ripple.  Whether you are buying your first  Dead CD or you want to add to your collection, this is the one to get.
6305807086|5.0|This film is inspired, hilarious and unnervingly touching.  The script is absolutely original and the characters' interaction between each other very funny.  The scenes between Keener and Cusack are wonderful.  <br />The other  day I was buying a hat and had my first real-life &quot;loden&quot;  experience.  You will remember loden is Malkovich's second choice color for  his bath towels when he finds periwinkle is out of stock.  Well, I was  picking out a hat at a haberdashery, and as I checked out the label I saw  that the color was loden.  It was hilarious, but impossible to explain to  the clerk.<br />I can't believe Being John Malkovich was overlooked by the  Academy this year.  It truly was better than anything else, and it has  advanced film and humor theory forward more than any movie in a long time.   In that respect it has a lot in common with Pulp Fiction.<br />It also would  have been nice to hear the following surreal announcement at the Oscars:  &quot;And the Oscar goes to... John Malkovich, for Being John  Malkovich.&quot;
0790729725|3.0|Sorry for those of you who like it, I personally hated it. Joe P was so annoying in this and Ray does not look like a gangster at all. The only actor I can really say satisfies his role is Robert. The movie was too long  it ran out of steam about 45 minutes into it.
B000002IST|5.0|In spite of a lot of criticism from Genesis fans and critics around the world, this album still managed to be one of the band's best-sellers. Gabriel-era fans will blame Collins for all the shortcomings of Genesis,  like being too pop-sounding.  Funny how Collins' lack of artistic ability  sold them more records. Plus, it is not a Phil Collins album, but a Genesis  album.  Tony Banks and Mike Rutherford are a part of it, too.  If Collins  is too pop, so are Banks and Rutherford.  If Banks and Rutherford wanted a  more progressive-rock album, do you think Rutherford would form another  band, Mike &amp; The Mechanics, to produce more pop hits like &quot;The  Living Years&quot;, &quot;All I Need is a Miracle&quot; and &quot;Silent  Running&quot;?  I think not. This album contains a little everything,  ranging from dark, melancholy songs like &quot;No Son of Mine&quot; and  &quot;Dreaming While You Sleep&quot; that are blunt and merciless in their  descriptions of inner-demons, yet withold enough details to give the songs  intrigue.  As well, it has a little pop humor, found in &quot;Jesus He  Knows Me&quot; and &quot;I Can't Dance&quot;, which are satires of American  TV evangelists and men who have the right physical image, but not a whole  lot &quot;up there&quot; (in his head), followed by some serious looks at  the state of this planet in &quot;Tell Me Why&quot;, reminiscent of  Collins' solo hit &quot;Another Day In Paradise&quot;, and &quot;Way of the  World&quot;. To top it off, it's got the sentimental side of these men in  songs like &quot;Hold on my Heart&quot;, and the tear-jerker &quot;Since I  Lost You&quot;, written for Eric Clapton's late son, Connor.  While the  album received criticism on both sides, it is one of their best-sellers  ever.  Forget what the critics say - give it a try.  You won't be sorry.
0380973464|3.0|First of all, let me dispel something straight from the start. An awful lot of people have been making some rather shocking comparisons between this book and the Illuminatus! trilogy. I want them to stop right now.  Stephenson is not above trying to achieve the same vibe, but it falls  deadly short. In Illuminatus!, when a piece of the puzzle fell into place,  you leapt up and down and shouted &quot;yes! yes! yes!&quot;. With Crypto,  it's more like, &quot;oh... well, yeah, I guess&quot;. The one or two  trippy scenes do more to detract from the story than add to it. Never mind  the fact that comparing anything to the Illuminatus! trilogy is like trying  to find a poster to compare to an original Picasso... it ain't gonna happen  any time soon. Stop with the Illuminatus! comparisons!<br />Now, as for the  book itself: It's good, but you have to commit to it. For the first half -  yes, half - you may suffer under the burden of a plot that goes nowhere -  heck, isn't even a plot! - and really really two-dimensional characters.  But by halfway through, the two stories - WWII and sorta-present - start to  converge and things start happening and the characters start evolving and  you sigh heavily in relief. From there on out there are few problems. It  gets pretty hilarious in places, and some parts started music action  pounding in my head - which is good.<br />Careful however. This book is  decidedly lacking in twists. Oh, it LOOKS like there are twists, but they  really aren't twists because when the twists are tied off it is always in  some mundane and rather obvious manner. Then again, some twists are just  left hanging. Why the heck does that guy turn up in the jungle? So does  this guy die or what? Why put those in if you're just going to ignore them  later? Stephenson could have written juuuust a little more and left me much  more satisfied over all.<br />And don't let the crypto-babble make you think  this is a book that is about crypto! It ain't. The technicalrants are  about as complex as a four-piece puzzle. You won't learn anything about  number theory, cryptoanalysis, heck, nothing even about maths, from reading  this book. The book description might try to convince you this book is  actually about a code called Arethusa. This code comes up and is  practically ignored as a plot device and eventually rendered  obsolete.<br />However, where the book his HEAD ON is with its skilled  depiction of some very contemporary struggles, and with its wonderfully  lush WWII scenarios. This might as well be a primer for fighting a Big  Brother-esque information-society, and what makes it even more creepy is  that almost everything that happens in this book is happening RIGHT NOW,  although the places they're happening in have some more realistic names  ;-)<br />All in all, this is a fine read, but not for the faint hearted and  not for those actually seeking to get a whole lot out of it. This is an odd  criteria, to be sure, but as truthful a one as I can manage.
0716723980|5.0|I totally agree with Prof. Bennardo. This is the best-written introductory textbook in inorganic chemistry I know. It may contain some minor mistakes or misprints, but this diminishes its value in no way.
B00003CXAR|5.0|I was only 5 when I first saw this movie, and I credit it for being solely responsible for all the countless shark nightmares I've had since! I've been fascinated with the subject from then on and have amassed quite an  extensive collection of shark-related books and videos through the  years.<br />I think that even the recent advances in computer-generated  imaging and special effects (best evidenced in the recent film &quot;Deep  Blue Sea&quot;) will fail to dampen the overall &quot;shock and scare  effect&quot; of this 25-year old film even for new viewers (the suspense  build up brought about by John Williams' now classic score really helps!).  I hope that they eventually relase an upgraded version of this though, like  the Star Wars remastered trilogy - perhaps they can insert CGI scenes of  the shark attacking the killer whale or something.<br />Apart from this  reason, the DVD gets 5 stars in my book because of the following: <br />1. Low  price (relative to other new DVD releases).<br />2. Lots of bells and whistles  (e.g. commentary, featurette, etc.).<br />3. DTS audio track - based on  Amazon's advanced info, there's practically no difference in price or  special features between the DTS and non-DTS version, so I don't see why  one would settle for the latter.<br />My two cents' worth : This film has been  bashed on several occassions for having singlehandedly perpetuated the  monster shark myth, which has partly inspired the indiscriminate slaughter  of sharks (even non Great Whites) worldwide.  Some well-intended parties  attempt to overcompensate however by promoting sharks as more or less  harmless creatures who oftentimes are indifferent to man's presence (e.g.  guided &quot;shark petting&quot; diving tours). Personally, I think that  sharks are unpredictable forces of nature, undisputed masters of their  underwater domain, and totally deserving of our respect most especially  when we decide to enter their realm.<br />In a nutshell: BUY THIS!  Not only  does it provide rewatchable and timeless entertainment, but  &quot;Jaws&quot; certainly stimulated my interest in the subject of sharks,  which has thus far proven to be a personally rewarding one.
B00003CWOL|2.0|This is another great film for Kevin Smith: funny, powerful and thought-provoking. I just think they should have gotten another company to make the DVD. All the other films on DVD are loaded with special features  like commentary, behind-the-scenes films, and so on. All Dogma had was a  trailer and a cast list. Big whoop. I suggest you save your money until  they release some kind of Director's Cut edition or something like that.  This movie was highly controversial; that fact that they don't treat it  that way is an insult to the creators.
B00000055E|4.0|but i definitely believe that this is a tight album.  i don't know what all of yall are talkin about sayin that the first side is weak.  i listen to it regularly straight through and it keeps my head banging.  And with  side 2... well i felt there was some good old stuff, but some of the tracks  could have be left out.  The hidden gem of the album can be found in Only  Fear Of Death, a song that will leave the listener begging for more.  Too  bad rap had to lose a legend in 2pac. RIP 2pac.  peace out.
B00000D9TK|4.0|The best female singer in French today has left us with a very presentable effort to tide us over for her sabbatical (two years is such a long time). This collabortion with Jean-Jacques Goldman is, I believe, better and  deeper than D'Eux (The French Album). There is nothing here to compare with  her live Paris renditions of Luc Plamondon's Le Blues du businessman or  J'attendais or Je sais pas, but overall the album is very good, with  captivating lyrics and strong presentation. Since we will have so long to  replay it before we get our next &quot;fix&quot;, it may reach a status as  her best album ever. Goldman's songs have a way of growing on one like  that. The language barrier is regrettable, because some of the best lyrics  in pop music today is being written in French. Anyway, to tide one over  until our Chanteuse Quebecoise returns, I suggest grabbing up this CD and a  video of the Live (1998) Paris concert, and settle in for some great music.
0006531407|5.0|This is truly an important book for everyone to read at least once in their life.  Given, most people will never end up in a situation where skills described in the SAS Survival Book will be required, but don't be  cocky...learn the skills from this book and rest easy knowing that you have  the background knowledge to make it in the outdoors without modern  conveniences.  This book covers it all -forest, desert, ocean, island,  artic/arctic, mountain, tropical, temperate- you name it, this book will  get through the hard times with no problem.  This book HAS saved lives in  the past, but many have also died in unexpected situations where the  knowledge found in these pages could have saved them.  I don't think anyone  wants to end up classified in the latter.  Get the SAS Survival Guide and  read up.  Someday you may look back at purchasing this book and realize it  was the most important decision you ever made in your life!
B000006OS2|1.0|Avoid this DVD like the plague. It isn't worth the plastic it was made of. I wouldn't use it as a coaster. I wouldn't even use the box to line a birdcage with. (Are you starting to catch on yet?) For God's sake, don't  buy this! <br />Here's why: The rights to McClintock have somehow been allowed  to fall in the hands of Goodtimes Video. Unfortunately these weasels have  produced an amazingly bad, and at times out of focus DVD. Yes Virginia, out  of focus. Sound quality is dubious and the best scenes in the movie are  frequently the worst. *sigh*<br />You own a DVD player to avoid seeing movies  that look like they were recorded on a crummy videotape at LP setting. Do  yourself a favor, avoid ANY DVD from these Goodtime jokers. You'll be glad  you did. Learn from my mistake.<br />I'm going outside right now to throw this  DVD around like a Frisbee. It's really all its good for.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Supernatural by Santna has a great variety of music.  He has Rob Thomas from Matchbox 20 and a lot of other featured guests.  Different guests for different tastes in music.
630575067X|3.0|Lucas and Speilberg make great movies.  You would think they would want to present their movies in the best format possible, i.e.-DVD. Why do they resist in bringing out their movies in DVD?
B00003CWOL|5.0|Catholicism, WOW! One of the best and most though provoking movies I have seen in a decade. A huge fan of Kevin Smith and a Catholic myself I was intrigued by the chance to see what Kevin was up to that had upset so many  people. As it turns out, he only impressed me beyond my already high  expectations of his work. Upsetting? On the contrary, I found it relieving  that we could finally take a lighthearted look at the Catholic faith and  what surrounds it. The Jewish religion has been taking jabs at itself in  Hollywood for 40 years, and it's great to see Kevin taking things not so  seriously and writing a script that was funny, thoughtful, and keeping  within the constraints of the Catholic dogma. And the lesson in the end was  not one of lost faith or destruction. It was about a God that loved his/her  people with a condition that only the creator could. The faith is intact,  the world is still revolving, and the muse has done a thorough job  entertaining me once again. God bless her!<br />A huge list of characters  including a high angel, two prophets, a muse, a demon, three of his  minions, two fallen angels, a Cardinal, and the 13th apostle, make this a  menagerie of colorful concepts all woven together in the engaging idea the  two angels can get back to heaven by clipping their wings and walking  through the doors of a cathedral. The movie works from character to  character through complicated religious jargon that had me completely lost  throughout the first viewing, but that is the point. The comedic value of  the film comes from God, the bible, and mankind having such a complicated  relationship that a simple solution to anything is not possible. The film  centers around a loophole within the dogma that, if enacted, would disprove  God was infallible and would destroy existence. This plot proved to be one  of the most intelligent scripts I have ever seen written for film. It  challenged you, made you think, and made you laugh. <br />The only people I  could see that would have a problem with this film are the people who would  not enjoy a Kevin Smith film in the first place. If foul language offends  you, you won't like this movie. If your favorite film of the decade was  Home Alone, you won't like this movie. If you slept through Being John  Malcovick, you won't like this movie. Everyone else should thoroughly enjoy  it. <br />Oh yes, Jay and Silent Bob are still as funny as ever.
B000002KHH|5.0|In reply to the review by Johnny Gleddes, he makes some interesting points, but read this- I am now thirty, not his twenty six, have been listening to Sabbath and their album 'Paranoid'  for over ten years,( I  think Sabbath Bloody Sabbath is their best) and I STILL think it is one of  the best albums of all time. It's 'rawness' is part of it's appeal! You can  HEAR the creative energy of a young band unleashing a new sound. In reply  to the 'Led Zeppelin lead Black Sabbath' review' , I have this to say- What  are you listening to Led Zeppelin for? Like everyone else I was brainwashed  into thinking &quot;Zep&quot; were good for awhile, but I've since stopped  fooling myself and I think that they are without a doubt the most overrated  band EVER to have walked the face of the Earth. It's just become trendy to  say that your're into &quot;Zep&quot;- it's fashion , nothing more( people  at school or university please take note)
6305807086|5.0|Imagine being someone else for about 15 minutes, then suddenly you are dropped onto the side of the New Jersey turnpike. Imagine explaining what happened to your friends. Imagine if they saw this as a business  opportunity. That's what Being John Malcovich is all about. Imagination is  the key. The entire story has a creative adolescent spirit. There is  nothing complicated here. A man (John Cusak) finds a door on the 7 1/2  floor of a building and it takes you inside of John Malcovich for about 15  minutes, then you're dropped onto the side of the New Jersey turnpike. Form  this revolves a plot involving sex, greed, and voyeurism. This simple  elegance is what makes this film so enticing. Who hasn't imagined what it  would be like to live in another's shoes. This movie brings reality to an  idea most of us dismissed at the age of 12. Suddenly we're in a surreal  place where an office can exist on the 7 1/2 floor and you can actually be  another person. The movie takes your intellect on a thrill ride. <br />This  kind of idea and environment is what Spike Jonez was put on this planet to  direct. You feel as if he, and only he, could bring a film of this  substance to life. The whole thing cannot be described as a movie but  rather an experience. It is unlike anything you have ever seen. <br />This  movie is for people who liked to be challenged and entertained by new  ideas. If you like films that simply feed you information, you'll probably  hate this movie. You have to be willing to try something different.
B000000H57|5.0|I first bought &quot;October Rust&quot; by Type O Negative when it came out in 96. I had already owned &quot;Bloody Kisses&quot; by the band and I only periodically listened to that. I didn't like &quot;October Rust&quot;  my first few listens. I thought it was too soft compared to &quot;Bloody  Kisses&quot; and the album just didn't quite click to a young teenager  looking for something that &quot;rawks&quot;. I kept the CD in my  collection, and for a while, it just collected dust. As I got older, and my  musical tastes broadened, I revisited October Rust. The album is a  masterpiece. The production is perfect, and creates a lush, gothic  atmospere. Silver's keyboards are placed right up front, and Steele's vocal  delivery can be gut-wrenchingly emotional at times and toungue-in-cheek at  others. This is an album to listen to when you're alone, with the lights  out. The joke at the beginning kind of gets in the way, so you should  always start at track 3, &quot;Love You To Death&quot;. Highlights include  &quot;Love You To Death&quot;, &quot;Red Water&quot;, &quot;My Girlfriend's  Girlfriend&quot;, &quot;Wolf Moon&quot;, and &quot;Burnt Flowers  Fallen&quot;
B00000IAU3|5.0|Great sound, excellent voice!
B000002IJA|4.0|This was the &quot;soundtrack&quot; album for Stephen King's classic turkey Maximum Overdrive, but sadly the emphasis was put on the songs.  Don't get me wrong, I love them.  But I would have loved to hear Angus's  rockin' guitar riffs from the movie as well.  D.T. and Chase the Ace only  wet the throat, but they don't quench the thrist.  Too bad.
0790729369|4.0|Actor/Director Clint Eastwood did a superlative job with this right-person-wrong-time love story.  The big moment when Meryl Streep must decide whether to stay with her husband or go with a new, vibrant love is  heart rending and underplayed.  No melodrama here.  Again and again  Eastwood has shown that he has learned valuable lessons in filmmaking from  the great directors he worked with in the sixties and early seventies.  Why  wasn't he nominated for this film?  He more than deserved it.
B00000J2KX|4.0|This is arguably the greatest horror picture of all time.  The story is great and the movie really delivers.  You will enjoy this movie.  It is ten times as good as &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; (still, a good movie).  The  only problem with this particular presentation of the DVD is that it is  poorly done.  It was part of a Kubric collection that was done without any  touch-up work.  You would expect dobly-digital and widescreen format for  such a classic film, but you get a mono 4:3 format. The DVD is pretty bad.   Thankfully, a new DVD release will be coming out that will fix all these  problems.  So, unless you need this right away I'd wait for the new one.   Otherwise, an outstanding film.
B000005HLV|5.0|These are truly extreme sounds. Any fan of black metal, or for that matter experimental music in general (I'm thinking John Zorn here), will love this. Buy it. As other reviewers have mentioned, you should own this even  if you have a peripheral interest in metal.
0375501851|4.0|Archie Jones and Samad Iqbal are unlikely WWII buddies who become post-war neighbors in a north London suburb. Samad sends home to Bengal for a wife, and Archie marries the glorious Jamaican Clara. While Samad wants to be the  most traditional of Muslims, he is, as a matrimonial cheater and dedicated  self-abuser, almost completely off the religious track. Archie, on the  other hand, takes it as it comes. Their refuge is a greasy spoon called  O'Connor's (run by Abdul-Mickey, father of Abdul-Jimmy and brother of  Abdul-Colin, no one Irish within miles) where they hatch their plots and  commiserate when things don't happen the way they'd planned.<br />It is their  children who land in the thick of changing England, and this is where  &quot;White Teeth&quot; begins to lose its bite. The three friends  barreling through the increasingly unsavory London is not as fresh and  lively as the earlier chapters and seem less mature in outlook.  I was more  curious to know more about Clara and Alsi the Bengali bride - both  wonderful creations - than about the three kids and KEVIN, the oddball  pseudo Muslim terrorist/peace group they tangle with.<br />Zadie Smith is a  terrific new voice, and with this book her career has gotten off to a great  start. May she keep her quirky, engaging style, her bold and funny  characterizations, and continue to grow a writer of ideas and observer of  human nature.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|If you're trying to decide whether or not to buy this album, quit wondering and do yourself a favor--BUY IT!  A-ha is one of the most under-appreciated groups in the U.S., and it's a shame that we haven't  heard more of Paul Waaktaar-Savoy's superb songwriting or Morten Harket's  beautiful voice over our airwaves.  This album presents the efforts of  Morten, Mags, and Paul (all of which have a uniqueness of their own) into  an expertly woven tapestry of lyrics, voice, and enchanting song.  Buy it.
0060977493|3.0|what an awfully tiresome book. what is there here that hasn't been said, much less tritely, before.   it is made that much more maudlin by the cloying manner with which all and sundry behave towards each other. there  was nary an original character or original thought. how novel to see  another plucky protaganist who bears no responsibility for anything that  goes wrong in her life; ah, the rare-explored mysteries of twin-hood; yet  more about the oppressed indian woman (which, naturally, justifies the  philandering mother).  there are flashes of originality, of gothic  arabasque, but as a whole, i cannot dis-recommend this book enough. about  india, read vikram seth; about families, anita desai (or wallace stegner);  funky prose, rushdie, maybe (or back to joyce?).
B000002V0Q|5.0|A great album.  Not the thrash that Megadeth excelled at previously, but still great music with  heavy riffs, and lightning fast, precise solos.  There isn't a bad song on the album, though it does drop off a bit at the  end.  The best songs on the album (Skin O' My Teeth, Symphony of  Destruction, This Was My Life, Foreclosure of a Dream, Countdown to  Exctinction) are classic Megadeth.  This is probably my favorite Megadeth  album, but it's hard to compare with the previous albums because of the  difference in style.   Mustaine said that Megadeth would make an album  better than Metallica's Black Album, and he suceeded with this one.
B000002AEN|5.0|This has to be one of the best old blues recordings I've ever heard. John's voice is so melodic and memorable, and his guitar playing has a great folk vibe to it. We're all lucky that these master's weren't lost  with time.
B000023X9W|3.0|Nice to see old Neil leading the &quot;gold rush&quot; to nineteen dollar list CDs, right up there with Britney Spears!  This Note's For You?  Sheesh!
0440224764|4.0|I've seen every movie on his books but this is the first book of John Grisham's that I actually read. His movies could not possibly do his books justice! That means I'll have to go back and read all of the books whose  movies I have already seen before.<br />Grisham's story writing ability is  enthralling! My only qualm with The Partner was the ending as I seem to be  in total agreement with everyone who has read it. How could Patrick, a guy  who is a planner, a schemer and knows everyone's dark side, totally trust a  woman he knows so little about? Should we simply chalk it up to the power  of love? I find it hard to believe he didn't have a stash hidden  somewhere.<br />Good writing and good flow. A must read for all those who love  drama and a good story.
0767802659|1.0|Starship Troopers is by far the worst movie created in the history of movie making.  The blood and guts aren't needed, along with Casper Van Dien.  The only decent scene is when Dina Meyer is naked.  Verhoeven did  well with Robocop and Total Recall, but this is by far going to be the  worst movie of his career.  When Verhoeven wrote this, he did to make a few  extra bucks, to make a story with his extentious use of special effects.  Think of the plot.  We go to war with bugs who are smarter than us.  Instead of killing them with bombs, we decide to exterminate them with, uh  oh, a machine gun.  In the future, I hope by the time we reach the  capability that they had in space travel, that we will have a better weapon  than a machine gun.  I'm surprised Verhoeven didn't try to use insect  killer.  Maybe he should of called the exterminator.  Maybe I should call  the exterminator on this movie.
B000002IM7|5.0|This was not the first King's X cd I bought, but I have to say it remains my favorite.  It's not often I find a cd that I like every song on, but this is one of them.  Absolutely fabulous, all the way through.  &quot;Goldilox&quot; is a power ballad that should have taken hit radio by  storm, but these guys weren't that well-known at the time, so marketing  wasn't that big for them.  &quot;Summerland&quot; off of their next album  &quot;Gretchen Goes to Nebraska&quot; followed the vein of this one  musically, but nothing touches it.  Put this in your stereo, turn it up,  and get ready to hear some guitar artwork that will blow you away!  I  highly recommend you follow this one up with &quot;Gretchen...&quot; and  then go straight to &quot;Ear Candy&quot;.
B0000457HB|5.0|This is collection is betterthan any of the previously released hits. It's the ultimate album for all BarryWhite fans.
B00003CWOL|1.0|I was so disappointed with this movie, and I use the word &quot;movie&quot; lightly. Man, what a turkey. Kevin has shown with Chasing Amy that he has what it takes. However, in my estimation he has seriously  brought his reputation and credibility as a writer/director into question.  I couldn't wait for this film to come out but after it I'm not sure I want  to see anymore of this man's films. People say it was blasphemous. It  wasn't even good enough to be blashphemous! The dialogue was preachy in the  worst kind of way, reminding me of a bad made for t.v. horror movie. The  violence and gore were totally out of place and seemed to be thrown in  gratuitously. The misogyny (women being slapped, stabbed, thrown around,  etc.) was just plain awful. Ben Affleck, whom I usually love and have a  great admiration for, was positively embarassing in this film. I had to  turn my head away from the screen at times because I couldn't stand the  humiliation. Poor Ben. Linda Fiorentino showed no emotion other than that  monotonous working class aggravation. The movie showed a juvenille, Sunday  school understanding of religion. The whole thing was painful to watch. I'm  still reeling from the stench. I can't believe this film was the work of  Kevin Smith because it could not have gotten any worse. The only redeeming  qualities of the film were Chris Rock, who was fantastic as usual, and  Alanis Morisette, who showed even with the small, silent part she had that  she can act. Good God, if this movie isn't one of the all time worst I'll  eat a bug. Better luck next time Kevin. I hope your next film has nothing  to do with Catholicism, misogyny or excrement demons.
B00003Q438|5.0|Fantastic. This is what DVD is all about. The directors cut ties all things together. Both versions are on the disk. Audio is great, even just in good old stereo. Why they did not release the longer version, g-d only  knows. But then again we all know why. Rent it.  Trust me, after you see it  you will add it to your collection. Blows Titanic out of the water. I guess  people don't think Ed Harris is as good looking as Leo. Did not even look  at the second disk yet.(X-tra features) Enjoy, You only live once.
0875845851|5.0|In the space of a few months, I've bumped into a half-dozen corporate planners who've told me, &quot;Drop everything you're doing and run--do not walk--to your nearest bookseller and get Clayton Christenson's The  Innovator's Dilemma.&quot; Investigating further, I found that, in the  industry press, Christenson's book is viewed as The New Gospel. Now having  read the thing, I can see what all the fuss is about; by the final chapter,  the counterintuitive idea that (under clearly specified conditions)  &quot;rigorous pursuit of your customer's interest can indeed sink your  firm&quot; seems as inevitable as the sunrise. Moreover, reading  Christenson now, as Wall Street lurches through the Era of Dot.Com/Madness,  it's easy to believe the book, and Chapter Nine in particular, has served a  hefty percentage of recent internet start-ups as a template for mapping the  market and assessing whether the technology offered is sufficiently  disruptive. (Christenson's use of the term &quot;technology&quot; is  process-related and more than just the latest widget).  As a public sector  drone, I was further impressed that Christenson's analytic approach is  broadly, if metaphorically, applicable to a range of  organizations--non-profit, non-commercial, public--trying to keep from  being overrun by the forces of change. Some critics have pooh-poohed  Christenson's analysis as old wine in a new bottle--&quot;what's the big  deal about successful firms having difficulty dealing with the low end of  their markets?&quot; etc.--but the lucid writing, clear plan, well-sprung  analytic framework (particularly the integration of &quot;value  networks&quot; and &quot;technology trajectories&quot;), and compelling  marshaling of case material make this an enjoyable, often revelatory, and,  yes, innovative dissection of how great firms become undone by new  technologies.
0679745653|4.0|&quot;Breakfast at Tiffany's,&quot; by Truman Capote, is a story about a woman named Holly Golightly.  Holly has a charming and witty personality that everyone adores.  She constantly struggles with herself, trying to  find her perfect place, like Tiffiany's, a jewelry store in New York, but  there just isn't one.  So, she keeps searching.<br />  The characterization  that Capote uses really makes the characters enjoyable to read about.  How  Holly reacts to the events in her life tells the story.  This intense  characterization of  Holly, her moods and the way she behaves, makes the  book easy, quick and enjoyable to read.
B00003CWLE|5.0|Not only was this the best movie to come out last year, it is one of the best movies of all times. I was disappointed in the box-office response, but I just think back to how badly Dr. Zhivago was accepted during its  theatrical run, only to become one of the greatest and most loved films of  all times. And Anna and the King ranks right up there with Dr. Zhivago. A  brilliant, beautiful movie.
0800132335|4.0|The best U-boat movie ever made.  U-571 should be ashamed for stealing material and even dialog from this film.  My only problem is with the dubbed version.  The subtitled version is 100% better.  Who wants to watch  German soldiers speaking in English with French accents?  Try to see this  movie subtitled if you can.
6304437730|4.0|It's great there is a lot of action, good enough to keep my toddler entretained during the whole movie. He loves it. I tell you it is so difficult to keep him from wanting to see it every day.
B00004RETD|5.0|I have this movie on laserdisc, and it is one of my favorite rock videos. The live performances of the WHO at their peak are unforgettable. The interviews are funny and short, and serve as the perfect lead-in to  phenomenal rock. Keith Moon will live forever through these songs. I only  hope that Amazon and I am still clicking on January 1, 2009!
B00003BE32|5.0|A true masterpiece!  There are so many fantastic things about this album: it's live, it's powerful, it's emotion filled and on and on.  The ochestra gives a new depth to each of the songs especially &quot;Master of  Puppets,&quot; &quot;One,&quot; and &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls.&quot;  I  recommend this to everyone.  Bottom Line:  A power performance that shows  the true song writting abilities of Lars and James.  Enjoy!
B000002U84|5.0|Aside from their two compilations, this is Duran Duran's most outstanding studio album.  I began by owning this on tape, then LP, then to CD.  It is a definite masterpiece from 1982, in a time when 'new romantic' music was  really starting to take the charts by storm.   I rarely give an album 5  stars, but when I still play an album 17 years after it's release then it  has to say something.   Every song is magic, with my favourites 'New  Religion' and 'Lonely in Your Nightmare' up there at the top.  It also  contains some great hits including 'My Own Way' and 'Save a Prayer'. Of all  the Duran Duran fans I know, they have all rated this as their best album.   After this one, the albums went down hill, I am afraid.   They still had  some great singles after this though, including 'A View to a Kill' and  'Ordinary World'. For those wanting to capture a great early 80's album, I  encourage you to buy this, then the awesome 'Lexicon of Love' by ABC.
B000020617|5.0|This is a GREAT ALBUM!   You should really get it.  Especially if you are a Foo Fighters fan.  After I first bought the CD, I listened to it back and forth from work for about 3 weeks straight.  The highlights of the album  are &quot;Generator&quot;, &quot;Aurora&quot; and &quot;Live-In Skin.&quot;   These are the epitome of crank-her-up-till-your-ears-bleed type songs from  which you will probably get embarrassed after people see you vehemently  singing them in your car.  Overall, how can you not like anything put out  by the Foo Fighters.  They are great in concert (St. Louis) and Dave Grohl  doesn't go for that rock &amp; roll B.S. like &quot;I have to do something  different than my previous albums - I'm an artist - This will be my last  album because I want to go out on top.&quot;  All that's important for the  Foo Fighters is putting out great records that you will want to keep  forever.  (Perhaps it's a good thing Nirvana isn't around anymore because  now we have Foo Fighters! )
B00001OH1S|4.0|When i saw this i fell in love with Bill Conti's score. But the cd barely runs 40 minutes. Sinneman takes up 1/4 the cd running at 10 min. The piano pieces are my favorite. But they're to short! Although the cd does suffer  these flaws, the really good songs make it all worth wile for a  movie/soundtrack buff like me. I do agree on one reviewers comment about  the missing songs. Also adding to his list of songs is when Katherine  Banning and the police go into Crown's house, the score from the carribean  scenes. I also hope a second volume is realesed. That would make me very  happy!
0784011710|4.0|Meryl Streep's devastating performance captivated me from the first time I saw this film. I never really appreciated her before, but have been an avid fan ever since. Kevin Kline is also brilliant and charismatic as Nathan was  portrayed in Styron's work. Peter McNicol captures Stingo in all his  vulnerable and kind naivite. There is so much atmosphere throughout the  film which covers every emotion possible. I felt so much warmth watching  the friendship of the three characters unfold, chuckled over Stingo's  disastrous attempts at romance with Leslie Lupidous, and then became  completely engrossed in the unfolding mystery of Sophie's past. The final  revelation of what the 'Choice' is left me numb with horror. But it also  opened my eyes to the Holocaust as I'd never before seen it. I found this  film more powerful overall than &quot;Schindler's List&quot;, and believe  it brings the suffering of those who survived the concentration camps to a  new level of understanding. An important and tragic work of art.
630575067X|1.0|Never has the popularity of a movie escaped me more than the popularity of this one.<br />What am I missing here?  This is, simply put, the most dreadful movie I have ever had the misfortune of watching.<br />My five year old son  saw this movie with his Grandma and couldn't wait for it to be released on  Video.  When it did, I watched it with him, squirming all the way.<br />To  further distance myself from the rest of the human race, I though the  movie's only redeeming quality was it's comic releif- namely, Jar Jar  Binks.<br />Sorry, Mr. Lucas.  This one's not for me.
0783222955|5.0|I can't add anything that hasn't been said already, except that I have loved this movie since I was a child. Growing up in Mississippi with a widowed lawyer for a father, the whole story is very close to my heart. As  a youngster, I could relate to the scenes with the three children and their  fascination with Boo. The scenes at the Radley house used to really scare  me. As I grew older, I understood more of the 'adult' message of the film  about prejudice and began to love and appreciate it on a different level.  The Bernstein score has always given me goosebumps; it is so perfect for  the story and provides a haunting atmosphere of innocence and poignance  that captures the entire aura of Lee's work. All the acting is superb. This  really is a case of Hollywood surpassing itself in adapting a classic work  of fiction for the screen. Having seen the movie numerous times before  reading the book, I must say I prefer the movie, although the book fills in  a lot more background on the characters. Anyone who has never seen this  film really owe it to themselves to watch it!
0684867621|5.0|Trisha, a nine-year-old girl is lost in the woods during a hike with her mother and bickering older brother.  Realizing finally that she is in danger, becoming more frightened and weak as the nights and days move in  their cycle.  Her hallucinatory conversations with the Boston Red Sox's  relief pitcher Tom Gordon begin, helping her to fight off the panic she  feels, as she understands she might not get out of the woods alive.
B00000IGGA|1.0|OK, I have never purchased a Tom Waits disc before, but what with my other musical tastes everyone kept recommending him to me.<br />All I can say is BEWARE.  The lyrics are interesting and insightful, but the music is  hideous.  I gave it 5 listens, and then dumped it.  Just a warning to all  that are new to this artist.  If you want to be cool and impress your  friends, buy it.  If you want to here some good covers of Waits, buy David  Lindley's latest works.
078322608X|3.0|There is much to like in this movie; and much to dislike, unfortunately.  Great visuals - everything is run down (the past) or bizarely technical (the future).  Many viewers apparently like Brad Pitts portrayal of an  insane person, but I found it tedious.  Speaking of tedious, there's a  seemingly endless scene in a mental hospital.  I think the story would have  been better paced had that been reduced.  The story is interesting, but can  be hard to follow in detail, which makes the DVD a good choice.  I enjoyed  the movie a lot more via the scene selections - but tedious when viewed  from start to finish.
6303997198|5.0|I like every other woman in the world read the book, and went through two boxes of Kleenex while doing so.  I saw this movie and hoped against hope that the ending would change...and the ending is the same except it is  different in the movie (I don't want to give anything away).  I had not  pictured Clint Eastwood as Robert but all through reading the book I did  see Francesca as Meryl Streep.  I was delighted at her casting. One thing  that is overlooked in this movie is the heartbreakingly sentimental music  written by Clint Eastwood for the film.  <br />I don't condone the adultery in  the film, but every woman and man, somewhere in their life, has had a great  love, whether it lasted 4 days or 50 years, and that is the reason that  this story appeals to so many.  Love is love, and what happens here is a  love that burned brightly for the time that it did, and existed forever in  the heart of two people.  Buy the video, and prepare for your emotions to  be moved!
6303461484|5.0|This is the best film never released to the general public.  Produced for HBO, this movie tracks the true story of the hunt for the most prolific serial killer in Soviet/Russian history.<br />The story focuses on the  &quot;detective&quot;, Burakov,  (played by Stephen Rea) who dedicates  himself to finding the killer that is stalking young children in the Soviet  Union.  Rea does an excellent job of bringing to life the character, who  faces road blocks everywhere he turns from the Soviet government who refuse  to admit they have a serial killer in their nation.  Donald Sutherland  plays the sympathetic superior to Rea's detective.  As Rea fights an uphill  battle to cut through bueracratic red-tape, Sutherland queitly works behind  the scenes to smooth the waters for his less polically astute subordinate.  Toghether, the two make headway in their increasingly tense search for the  killer.  The true depth of the friendship and respect they have developed  is revealed late in the film, in a scene immediately after the Soviet  government is replaced and Sutherland reveals the new resources available  to them.  One of the most poignant scenes in recent films, this moment  defines the toll that this type of investigation takes on the investigator  who undertakes to seek justice against all odds.  Without saying a word,  Rea manages to convey the deep emotions his character is feeling as his  superior finally reveals the true admiration he has for the work his  subordinate has done.  Rea and Sutherland play their roles masterfully  throughout this drama.<br />The supporting cast is also excellent.  Jeffrey  DeMunn, Max Von Sydow, Mike Navrides and John Wood lead a group of actors  who most will know by face but not by name and who provide excellent  support throughout.  DeMunn in particular is impressive as Chikatilo.<br />It  is a shame this film is seen in some circles as a &quot;made for t.v.  movie&quot;.  If this movie had been released in the theaters, it would  have earned similar praise to such thrillers as Silence of the Lambs or  Seven.  The story is first rate and keeps the viewer enthralled until the  very end.<br />Well acted, written and directed, Citizen X is a first rate  thriller.  If you missed it on HBO, don't miss it now.have earned similar praise to such thrillers as Silence of the Lambs or  Seven.  The story is first rate and keeps the viewer enthralled until the  very end.  <br />Well acted, written and directed, Citizen X is a first rate  thriller.  If you missed it on HBO, don't miss it now.
0876852630|5.0|I identified with this book the second I opened it and I can still remember how it captivated me, how I hoped it would go on forever, how the main character was so much like me in every way imaginable...you must read  this wonderful book.
0684833395|5.0|I've read a lot of books, and i must admit that this is the best one! I just finished this book 10 minutes ago, and i know i will read it again numerious times! This books throws the reader into laughter and next moment  into tears.It fills the reader with hope and the next moment it feels like  a doom. I wasn't able to guess the ending of the book until the very last  sentense. Even second to last sentense makes it feel totally different.
B000002UR7|4.0|This album, in my humble opinion, is rather good. Technically it isn't as good as The bends or OK Computer but for gutsy, fun rifts and flowing melodies you can't go wrong with Pablo Honey.  It is the album that Yorke  is ashamed of, in fact there  is only one song included in his live set  (and yes it's awesome but...) from the album, Creep, and that is a shame  because there are some real stompers on here. 'You', 'Blow out' 'Anyone can  play Guitar' and 'Vegetable' are all examples of the way Radiohead were  before they got all serious and turned into 'proper' musicians.And, more  importantly they are all brilliant songs. One of my 'first' bands, they are  the inspiration behind my own music and this album opened the door for me  and many fellow listeners. They shouln't, in that case, be so quick to  disown it.
6303402348|5.0|When Forrest Gump first came out, a lot of Americans felt embarrassed by its portrayal of them.  Well I can sympathize with the feeling. After all, Australia has produced some pretty embarrassing lifestyle movies, including  Muriel's Wedding, Strictly ballroom and Crocodile Dundee. The thing is, no  one outside of your own country can see anything to be embarrassed about.  So I guess we should all just relax and enjoy the film.<br /><br />Forrest  Gump was an adorable piece of cinema. Tom Hanks was up to his usual high  quality, but the star of the film had to be the script. Every now and then  a movie comes out that is simply refreshing, and this was one of the best.  Forrest is a character permanently in the role as underdog, not because of  his failures but in spite of his successes.  It is not possible to feel  jealous of this good natured simpleton, no matter how many presidents he  meets or how much he earns. We always cheer him on.<br /><br />I had fun with  the movie on many levels. The script was full of double meanings and clever  references. The special effects were flawless and yet unnoticed. The  winding, serendipitous path Gump's life took was surprisingly believable.  And finally the characters were heart warming. The very lack of pretension  in Forest only served to highlight it in the &quot;normal&quot; characters.  Forrest Gump is the sort of film that leaves you feeling good but also  prompts you to wonder about the true meaning of life. No one should feel  embarrassed by this great film.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I bought this album on the premis of one song-'Captain Bligh' which my boyfriend had got on a free CD. It remains my favourite song on the album. I didn't even realise that Filter were the same band that did 'Take a  Picture' so I was pleasently surprised to find out how diverse they were.  It isn't often that I buy a CD without knowing anything about the band but  I was really clueless about Filter and didn't realise that a former member  of NIN ( my favourite band) was frontman.       Being a huge fan of NIN, I  am glad to see that Filter, although maintaining echoes of the industrial  sound, have created a baby that is all their own-I'm Not The Only One, The  Best Things and captain Bligh are the best tracks by far but the whole  album rocks. Now a convert I am going to buy Short Bus which I've been  informed is more industrial. If it's anything like 'Title Of Record' then  it will be worth it.
0782008372|5.0|Highlander was my favorite movie for a few years. I am fascinated by immortality themes  and that is basically what this film is all about. There is also a lot of great sword fights and a bit of romance as well,  which never hurts. Christopher Lambert was born to play this role. His  accent and looks are exotic enough for us to truly believe that he has been  around as long as he says. And let's not forget Sean Connery. He performs  with his usual flair, managing to shine without stealing all of the lime  light.<br /><br />The story is set in the present but has numerous flash  backs to times historic. We see Macleod's beginnings, when he discovers he  can not die and is cast out of his village accused of being a servant of  the devil. The love of his life adds a little depth to his character and  then we discover how he learned his amazing sword skills. Another immortal,  Ramirez, far older than the young Macleod, takes him under wing as  protection from the enemy of all decent immortals, the Khirghan. And what a  great bad guy he is. The Khirghan's lust for life, death and horror is  boundless. In the end there can be only one. Which makes for a great excuse  for every immortal to duke it out, and the only way to win is decapitate of  the opponent.<br /><br />Lastly the score needs a special mention.  Queen  created a few dedicated pieces for this film and we also get some old  favorites. The one song that stands out is Freddie's version of New York,  New York, what a ripper. A note of caution though. Do NOT consider watching  the sequel to Highlander as it is excrement. The third movie was tolerable  but not in the same class as the original. And the TV series was passable  but the script is pathetic. If you want to stay pure, only watch the first  movie and do not be tempted by these others that seek to ride on the back  of their betters.
B00000295Y|5.0|Along with their first CD, this is their best work.  3 best songs on the cd are 3 Lil' Putos, Hits From the Bong, and Break'Em Off Some.  DJ Muggs outdid himself in the mixing department, and B Real and Sen Dog deliver the  goods in the bone chilling lyrics of Break 'Em Off Some. A must for anyone  who is sick of today's Puff Daddy inspired brand of Hip Hop. Buy it and I  will guarantee it will be one of your favorites.
630528069X|5.0|When &quot;Die Hard&quot; was first released it set a new standard for non stop action. I think one of the reasons for this is that virtually the whole movie was squeezed into the confines of one building. Bruce Willis may have struggled to shake off the Die Hard stereotype and make a success of other films but the Die Hard formula had no such problems. The number of Die Hard rip offs that have been made since '88 are too numerous to count.<br /><br />Credit has to go to the director John McTiernan for a lot of the appeal of the film. The tight shots on dramatic acting sequences, good use of claustrophobic spaces and the many visual surprises all went a long way to ripping our hearts from our chests. Of course this movie also had a fine script, not so much for the dialogue as for the story telling style. We are forced easily into the same misconceptions that the hero, John McClane, experiences and we are just as surprised as he, at each twist and turn in the plot.<br /><br />Willis plays John McClane, a New York cop visiting L.A. over Christmas in order to patch up his relationship with his Wife, Holly Gennero McClane, played by Bonnie Bedelia. Holly is a senior executive with a Japanese corporation, Nakatomi. John finds his Wife still at work in the Nakatomi building along with many other employees, having a Christmas party. Their reunion is not going well when the situation takes a further dramatic turn for the worse, as a group of terrorists take over the building.<br /><br />John, of course, is the only one quick thinking and lucky enough not to be taken hostage and proceeds to try and ruin the terrorists plans. On the plus side, they do not know he exists and he has one police issue revolver. On the down side, he has no shirt and no shoes. Neither of which seem like major issues but by the end of the film he will sorely regret not having foot ware and his singlet will be a write off.<br /><br />The terrorists are led by the coldly competent Hans Gruber, played very well by Alan Rickman. He makes a good adversary for Mr McClane because he is well prepared, ruthless and has a team of very well trained assistants. Unfortunately for him, John McClane is not a conventional thinker and is therefore hard to pin down.<br /><br />Along for the ride we are able to enjoy a few interesting minor characters, a sassy but thoughtful limo driver by the name of Argyle, a manic psychopath in Hans' group, called Karl, a nearly as manic heartless reporter, Thornburg, a twinkie munching sensitive cop, Sgt. Al Powell, a pair of blinkered FBI agents and a ridiculously incompetent police captain, called Dwayne T. Robinson. As you can see, Die Hard is chock full of deep and meaningful characterizations, which all go towards enhancing our viewing pleasure.<br /><br />For every success that John has, it seems he accumulates more injuries and more enthusiasm from his opponents. He is forced to crawl through air conditioning ducting, jump into elevator shafts, fall off the roof of the building, walk on broken glass and worst of all he is forced to make witty comments throughout the entire film.<br /><br />All in all, for non stop action that doesn't take itself too seriously, you can't beat Die Hard.n Rickman. He makes a good adversary for Mr McClane because he is well prepared, ruthless and has a team of very well trained assistants. Unfortunately for him, John McClane is not a conventional thinker and is therefore hard to pin down.<BR><BR>Along for the ride we are able to enjoy a few interesting minor characters, a sassy but thoughtful limo driver by the name of Argyle, a manic psychopath in Hans' group, called Karl, a nearly as manic heartless reporter, Thornburg, a twinkie munching sensitive cop, Sgt. Al Powell, a pair of blinkered FBI agents and a ridiculously incompetent police captain, called Dwayne T. Robinson. As you can see, Die Hard is chock full of deep and meaningful characterizations, which all go towards enhancing our viewing pleasure.<BR><BR>For every success that John has, it seems he accumulates more injuries and more enthusiasm from his opponents. He is forced to crawl through air conditioning ducting, jump into elevator shafts, fall off the roof of the building, walk on broken glass and worst of all he is forced to make witty comments throughout the entire film. <BR><BR>All in all, for non stop action that doesn't take itself too seriously, you can't beat Die Hard.
B000002UB3|5.0|The Beatles recorded some truly outstanding works in their time, and this album could very well be the best of all of them.  The number of tracks on here that I absolutely love is ridiculous for any one album, and they all  seem to blend together in a great manner that suits the whole album.  So  much of this album brings back great memories as well.<br />It starts out with  Come Together which is a wonderful hard rocking tune, that I constantly  find myself singing.  Then there is wonderful even if it is corny,  Octupus's Garden which has the greatest lilting sound to it.  It really  makes me just be happy, there's no other way to describe it.  Here Comes  The Sun is another stupendous track, that I personally take as a very  uplifting and motivational song.  The one other song that I find neccessary  to mention is She Came In Through The Bathroom Window, which always brings  back memories of rebellion in youth no matter what your childhood was like.  Overall truly a stupendous album.
0783226063|5.0|I don't feel Dune stands completely on its own.  I strongly recommend that you read the first book in Frank Herbert's series before you see this movie. This is because the story, squashed as it is, into movie length, is  enormous. Therefore if you are not familiar with the details that the novel  provides, a lot of the film may soar over your head. If you'd like to dive  a little deeper into Frank Herbert's head, I recommend reading the  transcript of an interview he gave in 1969.<br /><br />It is a Messianic  story.  Set mostly on the desert world known as Dune, (Arrakis), we follow  the son, (Paul), of a powerful Duke, (Leto Atreides), as he struggles, all  but unaware, toward godhood. The backdrop of the story is filled with the  political fencing of the emperor of the known universe, (Shaddam IV), some  other powerful planetary leaders, (including the Duke), and some  interesting Guilds. Two of the guilds that are crucial to the plot, are the  Navigators and the Bene Gesserit Witches. Through centuries of  interbreading,  the mysterious powers of both guilds are eventually  combined in the form of the movie's hero, Paul &quot;Muad'Dib&quot;  Atreides.<br /><br />This transformation is brought about during Paul's exile  at the hands of the evil Baron Harkonnen. Paul escapes into the deep desert  only to find the native Fremen who's relationship to the giant sand worms  and therefore the spice, (an immortality drug unique to Dune), is pivotal  to Paul awakening.<br /><br />This film defies description, as you might be  able to tell from my jumbled attempt. However if you have read the book, it  is a very accurate translation. I have watched this film so often I fear my  Laser disk is wearing out.
B00000J6AG|4.0|This CD is really great and has lots of things going for it.  The sound is awesome and has enough variety in it that you really don't get bored listening to it, even if this is the only CD you listen too.  Bodyrock is a  great song to just get you up and moving and the haunting sound of My  Weakness is truly emotional in its reach.  Moby does so much with sound to  evoke emotions that it is truly amazing, I've never had a CD that just  inspired emotions in me where I couldn't figure out why those emotions were  being evoked but this CD manages to do it at times.  My only complaint is  that there are some tracks on here that just aren't nearly as great and  that I find myself skipping, but overall this is a monumental piece of  work.
6305128952|4.0|The Horse Whisperer is not a typical Hollywood movie. But then, none of the films Redford has directed, are in any way typical. The first time I really took notice of his work, was after seeing &quot;A River Runs Through  It&quot;. He had managed to tell a brutal, sad story in a mystical way that  held me spell-bound.<br /><br />Whisperer takes that feeling one step  further. It will hold you and then squeeze your heart till the tears come.  This is not a sad film however. It is the story of a spiritual journey that  a family makes with the aid of a talented guide, Tom Booker, (played by  Redford himself). Each of them takes their own paths but make it through  some trying times, emerging stronger than when they began.<br /><br />The  story gets going as a result of a terrible accident involving two young  girls who are out riding in icy, lightly forested terrain. The lone  survivor, Grace, is traumatised by the loss of her friend, her foot and, in  another way, her horse Pilgrim. Not that Pilgrim was killed, despite the  wishes of the local veterinarian, but it was not the same, sane horse that  it had been.<br /><br />The normal tensions that existed within the family  are magnified by the aftermath of the accident. Grace becomes withdrawn,  suffering guilt and shame which show themselves in her bitterness toward  her parents, Annie and Robert. At the same time she makes a connection  between herself and Pilgrim. The horse's fate seems to be a grim portent of  her own future; scarred, maddened and kept in a dark and lonely place.<br /><br />Annie's desperate search for a treatment for Pilgrim is therefore  very understandable. She hopes to build a bridge back to the world for her  daughter, by healing Pilgrim. Here enters the almost magical legend of the  Horse Whisperers. A breed of men, so in tune with horses, that they are  said to be able to talk with them... to look into the soul of the beast and  calm its raging spirit.<br /><br />Tom Booker seems to have a healthy  scepticism for the legend however and makes his down to earth philosophy  pretty clear from the first moment when we hear him say, &quot; Well truth  is, I help horses with people problems.&quot;<br /><br />Despite Tom and  Robert's reluctance, Annie drags Grace from her pit of despair, to cross  the country on the slim hope of making everything right again, on a Montana  ranch, with a little help from a horse whisperer. Her expectation are  rudely shattered within hours of arriving. Tom doesn't act like a paid  specialist. From the outset it is clear to him that young Grace needs as  much healing as Pilgrim. And this is a load he seems more than capable of  bearing.<br /><br />By now we are well and truly hooked by the story. But the  best is yet to come. Redford clearly loves the great outdoors and his  feeling shouts from the big screen. Montana must be God's own country  because it is breathtaking. Now add a dash of wholesome family values, good  old hard work, reluctant romance and a pinch of equine shamanism and you've  got something special.<br /><br />The Horse Whisperer is a movie that makes  you feel like dozing in the long grass, on a lazy Summer afternoon. Don't  be afraid of grass stains; go see this unusual film and have a roll in the  grass for me.scepticism for the legend however and makes his down to earth philosophy  pretty clear from the first moment when we hear him say, &quot; Well truth  is, I help horses with people problems.&quot;   <BR><BR>Despite Tom and  Robert's reluctance, Annie drags Grace from her pit of despair, to cross  the country on the slim hope of making everything right again, on a Montana  ranch, with a little help from a horse whisperer. Her expectation are  rudely shattered within hours of arriving. Tom doesn't act like a paid  specialist. From the outset it is clear to him that young Grace needs as  much healing as Pilgrim. And this is a load he seems more than capable of  bearing.  <BR><BR>By now we are well and truly hooked by the story. But the  best is yet to come. Redford clearly loves the great outdoors and his  feeling shouts from the big screen. Montana must be God's own country  because it is breathtaking. Now add a dash of wholesome family values, good  old hard work, reluctant romance and a pinch of equine shamanism and you've  got something special.  <BR><BR>The Horse Whisperer is a movie that makes  you feel like dozing in the long grass, on a lazy Summer afternoon. Don't  be afraid of grass stains; go see this unusual film and have a roll in the  grass for me.
B000020617|4.0|This is a pretty good CD overall, but most of the reviewers are right in that it just doesn't have nearly as much unique and innovative stylings as some of the earlier work by the Foo Fighters.  However that is not a reason  not to get this album.  The tracks are still very good overall.  Learn to  Fly though obviously meant to be a poppy song meant for the charts is still  kind of nice and I like to listen to it.  Though I think my favorite track  on the album for both its sound and lyrics is Ain't it the Life, which is  just a great song all around.  And despite my earlier comments there is  still enough innovation to make this a worthwhile choice.
0790729687|5.0|I can not say for certain what most people's reactions to &quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot; will be.  Some love it, (not necessarily fans of the books), some find it a fluffy piece of fun and still others find it a dark  piece of horror. I have read all of the books in Anne Rice's vampire  chronicles. And I agree with the author's delight with the cinematic  version of her story. It captured the sensuous mood of her book perfectly.<br /><br />If you want to know a little bit more about the novel then check  out the area I have put aside for it in the Authors page. The vampires are  portrayed less as demons and more as tormented artists in the medium of  predation. &quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot; is depicted from the  point of view of Louis, (Brad Pitt). He is a young vampire, made by Lestat,  (Tom Cruise), who is portrayed as a capricious, self centered, secretive  and powerful figure that dominates Louis's life.<br /><br />Lestat, with  Louis, is trying to live a normal, semi-human existence but the urgency of  this desire is like a prison for the tormented Louis. Just as Louis seems  ready to break free, Lestat uses a momentary weakness, on the part of  his  partner, to create a vampiric daughter for the pair of them.<br /><br />In  the end even this is not enough. Louis and his &quot;daughter&quot;,  Claudia attempt to destroy their creator and flee New Orleans to seek the  legendary vampires of Europe. There they find a coven, lead by the  charismatic Armand, who tries, (due to very complex motivation, not shown  in the movie), to seduce Louis. This event climaxes in an orgy of  destruction as the coven is destroyed by Louis in revenge for the murder of  his Daughter.<br /><br />The movie version of &quot;Interview with the  Vampire&quot;, is very close to the novel but it does have a completely  different ending which will force further divergences from Anne Rice's work  as the movies continue. I look forward to the sequel, as the second book,  &quot;The Vampire Lestat&quot;, was even better than the first.ampire Lestat&quot;, was even better than the first.
0790729725|4.0|The region 2 disc is presented as SS, DL in 1.85:1 Widescreen. If you have a multiregion player, you can see this great movie without having to flip the disc. Shame about lack of extras, but the film itself makes up for it.
6304981635|5.0|Bruce Lee was a great martial artist but what he wanted to be was a great actor.  It is a pity that he died so young because in my opinion 'Enter the Dragon' was the only film in which he had the freedom to truly act. It was  also his first Hollywood film and therefore the first film where his  martial arts skill wasn't a parody of reality. His earlier Hong Kong films  followed the Chinese movie tradition of over acting and making the 'Chinese  boxers' appear to have super human powers. How unnecessary, because if  anyone had these powers it was Lee.<br /><br />Now, I am not saying that his  acting in the film was especially good, but it was intense. As they say in  Hollywood, he had a tremendous screen presence. I remember reading an  interview with the film's director Robert Clouse.  He was asked how much  the fight scenes had been sped up. To which he replied that Bruce was so  fast that they actually had to slow the motion down for many of his fight  scenes.<br /><br />The movie starts as Lee is asked, by the British secret  service, to go undercover in a marshal arts tournament. The competition is  being held on an island which is privately owned by the tournament  organizer, Mr Han. Only the best fighters are invited to attend and so the  Brits have turned to Lee as he already has an invitation.  They ask him to  find evidence of Drug production and slavery.<br /><br />Naturally Han is  dirty but what makes Lee's efforts more personal is the fact that one of  Han's men killed Lee's sister some time ago. All goes well in the  tournament until Lee finds his evidence and is himself discovered in the  process. We are then treated to a long series of truly excellent fight  scenes. Lee's every move is a lesson to any students on Wing Chun or Jeet  Kune Do. My only disappointment was the final fight between Lee and Han. It  became a little too stylistic for my taste. Although the mirror concept has  been ripped off in other films, frequently.
6304806442|4.0|For once it's not US users that get the best deal. European version has the film and some sketchy biogs, 5.1 sound for dialogue and music. The Canadian Region 1 disc, however, includes a 22-minute documentary, deleted  scenes (I assume the ones on the Special Edition VHS) and the original  theatrical trailer.
6305064490|5.0|There seems to be some sort of conspiracy in Australia to keep this film a secret. It is clear to me that &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot; is regarded as the standard Christmas eve broadcasting in the US. It seems  that many Americans regard this film as worn out, in the same way as say  &quot;The sound of music&quot; has been, through too many viewings. To the  best of my knowledge it has only been broadcast once in the last ten years  in OZ, (I've been informed that's not strictly true, but why spoil the  story), and that time was not advertised. So perhaps I am in a better  position to judge the true worth of this film, not having been overexposed.  I regard it as one of my top ten of all time. The cast is fabulous. James  Stewart was perfect in his central role as George Bailey. Although I would  rate his performance in &quot;Mr. Smith goes to Washington&quot;, slightly  higher. The story is brilliant and the direction is immaculate.<br /><br />I  was lucky enough to get one of the 45th anniversary copies of the  re-mastered laser disc and it is a beautiful transfer. If you ever want to  add this film to your collection, this is the copy to get. If you are not  crying through at least half of this film, both in joy and anguish, then I  think there is something wrong with you. I certainly got more out of this  film than any rendition of Dickens', &quot;A Christmas Tale&quot;. After  all how many of us can empathize with a penny pinching self centered old  grouch versus a good man faced with letting his family and friends down.<br /><br />That is the basic story after all. George Bailey has been dealt a  savage blow and is contemplating suicide at his lowest ebb. It takes an  apprentice angel to put it all in perspective and remind him that joy in  life should never be eclipsed by any setback. Maybe those Americans out  there that have not taken the time to watch &quot;It's a Wonderful  Life&quot; in the last ten years should stop and try to recall the story.  If you can't, then you should make the time to give it another chance. You  may be surprised at the power it still has to move you.u can't, then you should make the time to give it another chance. You  may be surprised at the power it still has to move you.
0790729989|5.0|Not sure if this has been released in the States yet. If not, Multiregion owners should consider the European disc, Double layer, single sided, 16:9 widescreen. Not a flipper disc, which should cheer up the guy from LA
B00001MXXG|5.0|Possibly the most fun you can have whilst sitting down, Ferris Bueller's Day Off is brilliant. Ferris is the ultimate high school idol.  He is irreverent towards authority, has a gorgeous girl friend, both loves and  scams his parents, has a not so friendly rivalry with the principal and  manages to maintain a philosophical detachment from the major crises that  make unwanted appearances in his life.<br /><br />As the title suggests the  story covers one day in the life of Ferris Bueller. Being a fine weather  day in Chicago, a fairly rare event in my experience, Ferris decides to  skip school. The trouble is that he has no car and thus needs his best  friend Cameron to pick him up. And what day off would be complete without  his girl by his side. The level of planning and immaculate execution  required to achieve these things sets an example for all of us. If he can  do all of this from within the restrictions of the school system, then what  limits do the rest of us really need to acknowledge.<br /><br />Once the  three main players are assembled we are treated to a wonderful tour of  Chicago. Though the stock exchange, art galleries, observation towers,  restaurants, baseball games and street parades, we get to experience it  all. Meanwhile in the humorously detective styled underbelly of the film,  the principal is methodically tracking down Ferris.<br /><br />The sub plots  in &quot;Ferris Bueller's Day Off&quot; don't stop there however. Included  are such beauties as an insanely jealous Sister trying to expose Ferris'  machinations to the world, a morbidly fascinating psychology in the form of  Cameron's relationship with his clinically insensitive parents, Ferris' off  sick excuse snow balling into almost telethon proportions, (Save Ferris! is  the slogan), and an improbable series of near discoveries by Ferris'  father.<br /><br />I haven't yet met anyone who hasn't enjoyed Ferris  Bueller's Day Off. It will leave you feeling on top of the world, so give  it a go when you are feeling low.hen you are feeling low.
B00003CWOL|3.0|I thought this movie would've been great, if only  two things had been different : MORE JANEANE, WAY LESS JAY.  I've always thoroughly enjoyed Jay's hilarious viewpoints, not realizing it's a SMALL-DOSE-OF-JAY thing  for me ... it distracts me enough to ruin the film
B00004SVIK|5.0|Well, what can I say. I haven't got other words than:Unbelievable.  The record was for me a great pleasure, and i got surprised when I heard it for the very first time.I suddenly realised that this was a record to remember,  and to play again and again, with-out any negative things to say ,exept for  som nasty words when I got some scratches on the second CD, and it began to  jump over some of the words that was sung. But that was fixed in a hurry,  and it worked allmost perfectly afterwords.<br />Fotr those who hasen't  brought the CD, I have to say: Buy it before you miss a musical event you  can't take time to buy later. I prommess you'll get an experience that  you'll never forget.<br />PINK FLOYD, AND ROGER WATERS RULES,MAN!
B000002UA9|5.0|This is a great look at the young Beatles.  They were happy, in love, and loud.  One can tell that they were on their way to greatness with this CD, as nearly-sloppy as it is.  There were already some great lyrics written by  John and Paul (the best lyrics are in There's a Place, my personal  favorite) and there were also the insanely catchy melodies (every song by  John and Paul).  Ringo's Girls is pure fun, but the other cover-songs just  don't capture the Beatles.  Still, an excellent album.
0385491026|4.0|When I find an author I like, I read as many books as I can by that author. MY favorite Atwood books are 'Lady Oracle' and 'Life Before Man.'  When I read these books, I had the experience of playing  &quot;catch-up&quot; with an old friend I hadn't seen in a while. You  know...you care about them,  they've been away, and you have to hear all  their news.<br />Usually, a friend has little endearing quirks you  recognize--a favorite use of phrase or an overused word which you see or  hear and say to yourself -- &quot;Yup, that's her all over.&quot;  With  Atwood, I sometime feel my friend has multiple personalities.<br />The  protagonist in this book is hard to &quot;get next to&quot; although you  care about her. She's the friend who hasn't always been very good to  herself, sometimes you want to shake her and say fight back, and sometimes  you want to protect her but you know she's got to stand up for herself.  Then one day she begins to change and you breathe a sigh of relief because  you were getting tired of the beating she was taking.<br />I hand off many of  my books to others, but I kept this one (it's a paperback).  I couldn't  tell you why as I don't think I'll read it again.  It affected me on some  level, and I'm glad I read it.  I still like 'Lady Oracle' better though.
B00004R997|3.0|Though this is the first time this movie has been released to VHS and DVD, the release is marred by Disney's unscrupulous editing of scenes in which Goofy and Joe Carioca are seen smoking.  If you don't mind paying Disney to  cut their cartoons, go ahead and buy.  Otherwise, wait for the unedited  versions.
0440295424|4.0|This is a great story with great characters! Who wouldn't like to sue an insurance company? Rudy is likable from the first page. He ofen feels like a guppie swimming with sharks, but he holds his own. I enjoyed this story  the most of all of Grisham's books.
B000021XS0|5.0|Aside from the production quality, this album is Dream Theater's best to date. The music is as dynamic as the storyline and the two go hand-in-hand as the story progresses. I personally do not feel the storyline is too challenging, but it doesn't have to be. The vocals are good on this album, but there is something amiss nonetheless. I can't quite put my finger on where the problem is, but it's there. The music is top notch on this album. Every time change, every change in mode is a reflection of the emotions within the story--though at times during the slower tracks there is a hint of cheese. Personally speaking, this album doesn't rank as highly as Images and Words, Awake, and A Change of Seasons.
0671001256|4.0|F. Scott Fitzgerald is my favorite author, to get my bias out in the open.  I have read all four of his novels and many of his short stories, and while this is not his best novel technically, I believe the plot and  characters are perhaps more interesting than in some of his other novels.   As with his other novels, it draws intensly on Fitzgerald's own life,  foreshadowing his problems with Zelda, drinking, and a lack of money.  The  story of a beautiful young couple ruined by their greed and ambition is  very compelling, and the scene where Anthony's grandfather, the Prohibition  advocate catches the couple on a &quot;binge&quot; and disinherits them is  very dramatic and interesting. By the end of the novel, the couple does  retrieve their monetary wealth, but they have already lost their beauty and  youth, which is in the end more important than money to Fitzgerald.  The  story is very moralistic, and perhaps even preachy, but if you are  interested in tales of the &quot;leisure class&quot; as I am, you  definitely should read this novel.
0671027344|5.0|charlie, the main character is a wonderful, amazing guy. i fell in love with him just like i fell in love with holden caulfied. read this book no matter what age you are. it is a beautiful view of life including the good and the bad. it's insightful, funny, and moving. one of the best books i've  read in a long time.
B00003CWRX|2.0|&quot;The Insider&quot;  is the story of a man named Jeffrey Wigand who blows the whistle on Brown &amp; Williamson Tobacco Co.  Apparently, the company put chemicals in their cigarettes to facilitate the addiction  process, as well as ignoring Wigand's efforts to reduce some of the  cigarette's harmful effects.  Yes, you guessed it:  dull stuff for cinema;   should've been a documentary.<br />The director Michael Mann must've known  this material wasn't exciting in terms of dramatic film, because he  certainly pulls out all the stops in distracting us:  a 7-minute intro  somewhere in the Middle East that has nothing to do with the story  (though  it DOES introduce us to Christopher Plummer's brilliant Mike Wallace);   inexplicable slow-motion;  glum coloring  (lot of blues and grays);  weird  angles;  endlessly moving camera, et al., and so forth, and et cetera.   This movie didn't really grab me till the whole CBS / conflict-of-interest  thing got underway . . . problem is, you have to wait till the last  half-hour for it.  This is, I think, the real movie, here.  Certainly a lot  more potential for drama than watching an executive sitting around in a  hotel room waiting to give a deposition.  As presented, the Hallowed Halls  of CBS are as venally arrogant as one might expect;  we wish there was more  of it, particularly more of the wonderful Christopher Plummer  (no wonder  the real Wallace was uncomfortable with this movie! -- Plummer's portrayal  of a pretty likeable but compromised and arrogant icon doubtlessly hit too  close to home).<br />As for the principal actors:  Al Pacino portrays   &quot;Al Pacino&quot;, and if you like that, fine.  The Wigand part?  Well,  the filmmakers would've been better advised to find an actual middle-aged  actor to play the middle-aged Wigand.  Russell Crowe is a fine brooder, but  the ugly make-up and bad hair merely make this young actor look like a  storyboard drawing come weirdly to life.<br />Finally:  &quot;The  Insider&quot;  is not without merit, but it's pretty thin, and pretensious  for all that.
0618001905|4.0|I find it strange with all of the books now coming out with the presumption that history has been &quot;forgotten.&quot; Maybe I am a product of a good Canadian Education System which taught us all about King  Leopold's lark when we were 12, but I thought this was all well known.   <br />Also no one ever listen to Australia's rock band Midnight Oil  before?<br />...conquistador of Mexico... ...the Zulu and the Navajo... ...the  Belgians in the Congo,      Hey, Short Memory!    Short Memory, Must have  a,    Short Memory<br />And I think that is what is going on here. It comes as  a &quot;shock&quot; to people that such attrocities were perpetrated in the  backwaters of the Congo at the turn of the last century.  The author does  us a favour by reminding all of us in a good, ripping read about the  inanity of King Leopold and his lackeys, from the higher-ups like H.M.  Stanley, to those lesser govt. officials of &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot;  fame. <br />It is not a attack on colonialism in general and to see it as such  is projecting our values backward in time. It does show us rather that King  Leopold and his morality was so out of step with the times that the other  colonial powers, whose colonial systems were based upon less harsh (though  perhaps equally) exploitive aims, had to take the colony away from him. In  brief Leopold was so horrid that even the other colonial powers held their  noses when they visited him in Laeken, Belgium. <br />Colonialism existed on a  continuum and anyone familiar with the times will know that idealism and  good intentions played as much in foreign policy implementation as the  clearly manifest evil intentions of Leopold in the Congo. <br />The real  builders of empire like Britian ruled, as an ideal, indirectly, integrated  locals into the security and administation structure of the colony, and  invested in their colonies while all the time taking profits from it. Rule  of law was also developed and, although it might not have done locals a lot  of good at the time, it was there as a nascent institution which sometimes  served the newly independent countries well.<br />The Belgiums were on the  other end of the scale: direct rule from the home country, no attempt to  build up independent adminstrative and education branches, and therefore no  attempt to integrate locals into the security forces of the time. It was  simple and direct, rule at the point of a whip with no recourse to law.  Strip the place bare and move on. Cut and run colonialism where the master  never took the time to learn the language.  <br />Therefore one would get a  rather slanted view of colonialism if one thought that all colonies  operated like the Congo. The Congo is noteworthy for one point alone, that  it was viewed even then as a dysfunctional colony.
B000001ESF|5.0|This album has some of Rush's most brilliant masterpieces! At the time of this release getty, neil and alex were on the cutting edge of rock and roll. The use of electronic keys, bass lee's vocals alex's ability to make  the guitar touch your soul and how can you forget neil's drum solo's? He  has the ability to fill in for a drum riff that would require 3 or 4 other  drummers to complete. The lyrics for &quot;Tears&quot; are very powerful  for such a short song...read them and think about it. Side one is hard to  put into words. The begining reminds me of the space master John Serrie's  work. Buy it! It is well worth adding to your collection..
B000002NHN|5.0|I am from India and have travelled almost everywhere.I hadheard a lot about Loreena from friends who knew of my affinity forIrish and Celtic folk.I like Enya too but I have to honestly say that I like Loreena better.  My favourite track in Book of Secrets is Skellig though I have had the rare experience of liking the entire album. This does not happen too often anymore. Says a lot for the inconsistency that afflicts present day affairs.What really distinguishes Loreena's CD from other good ones is that it sustains a high quality of music from beginning to end.This brings me to the point- Loreena is great but her musicians gel as a composite package that make this possible.I hope Loreena and her band will stick together and continue to enchant a growing number of grateful fans worldwide.If music be the food of love- then ye pipes,play on!  And on, and on.......The reason I mentioned I was from India was to reinforce the point that Marco Polo is Turkish or Mediterranean but certainly not Indian. The Prologue on the other hand does have a distinct Indian touch.But does it matter. Thats the beauty of Loreena- she can put her extensive experience of diverse music cultures to good use.John Donne's &quot;no man is an island&quot; quotation in its entirety is apt for this universal singer/songwriter.
6305807086|4.0|Once in a while a movie comes along that really challenges the mind.  It is a movie that differs from the usual formulas of filmmaking and develops its own genre.  Such fine examples would be David Lynche's &quot;Lost  Highway&quot; and David Fincher's &quot;The Game&quot;.  Spike Jonze's  &quot;Being John Malcovich&quot; is the most unusual film I believe I have  ever seen. <br />John Cusak is a puppeteer who finds work on the 7 1/2 floor  of a building.  One day he finds a door that takes you inside the head of  actor John Malcovich for 15 minutes before dumping you on the Jersey  turnpike.  From there it gets even more strange.  <br />There are good  performances for this film even from Malcovich as himself.   Watch for  Charlie Sheen's humorous cameo in the film as well.  The film tends to go a  little long and it seemed like they used the last 30 minutes to throw as  many oddites as they could in the last part of the film.  <br />But overall  the film is great and should be viewed by those in search of a different  film to watch.
B000007VCM|4.0|This is a great album that every musician should have and study.  The guitar riffs are incredible and the effects and tones are great.  The whole album has a really neat feel.  The songs are less great songs than  incredible grooves.  The multiple guitar parts are easily the best part of  the CD, with different riffs layering over each other.  It sounds like the  guitars are f___ing each other!  The singer is annoying, but you can get  used to him.  Definitely worth buying, though.
0316286850|5.0|Once my friend posed this famous question to me: &quot;If you could meet anyone in the world, who would you meet?&quot;  My (almost immediate) answer to her question was &quot;Kevyn Aucoin!&quot; she asked me why, and  I said, because he makes everybody feel beautiful.  And its true!  Proof:  see the book.  I must admit, I truly believe that the purpose of this book  was not to demonstrate the art of applying fake eyelashes, etc, etc, but to  show and prove to the world that everybody is beautiful.  Of course, it  can't hurt being already gorgeous like some of the models featured in this  book, but some of the &quot;quirky&quot; looking faces that I would never  really give a second glance turned out (with the magic touch of Kevyn's  hand) to be the most beautiful faces I have ever seen.  Kevyn truly has a  gift for bringing out the inner beauty of even plain looking faces.  He  could transform the most hideous beasts on this planet to beautiful looking  creatures.  In short, buying this book to feast on all the helpful beauty  tricks will be worth the money, but to read and explore the book and to  truly contemplate the magic of inner beauty and to come to the realization  that everybody in the world is beautiful (including you)! is worth all the  money in the world.  Read this book when you have an ugly day: and prepare  to feel beautiful for the rest of your life.
B000007VCM|4.0|This is a great album that every musician should have and study.  The guitar riffs are incredible and the effects and tones are great.  The whole album has a really neat feel.  The songs are less great songs than  incredible grooves.  The multiple guitar parts are easily the best part of  the CD, with different riffs layering over each other.  It sounds like the  guitars are f___ing each other!  The singer is annoying, but you can get  used to him.  Definitely worth buying, though.
B000002NZO|4.0|I have heard some unkind things about &quot;Trespass&quot;, Genesis' second album; namely that it is juvenile and unpolished, and hardly worthly of the band's later efforts.  Of the latter remark, I could hardly disagree  more.  <br />Although perhaps the album comes across as somewhat raw,  certainly compared to the top-40, MOR garbage that the band would  eventually become famous for, I believe that the unrefined nature of  &quot;Trespass&quot; is the album's greatest strength.  It displays a more  sincere, naive side of the band that cannot be found in any of their later  efforts.<br />Of the six songs on the album, most of them are very strong, and  should be given their due recognition: &quot;Looking for Someone&quot; is a  dynamic, beautiful epic, and hints at the direction the Gabriel-era band  would take.  &quot;White Mountain&quot; and &quot;Visions of Angels&quot;  perpetuate the mood of the first song.  The album slows down a bit with the  weaker, yet endearing &quot;Stagnation&quot; and &quot;Dusk&quot;, but  soars to a thundering conclusion with &quot;The Knife,&quot; which is  perhaps the heaviest song Genesis ever performed.  It raises the question  that had guitarist Anthony Phillips stayed with Genesis, might they have  taken a different musical direction?<br />I once heard that even the band  itself has tried to bury this album.  That would be a shame if it were  true.  &quot;Trespass&quot; is truly a solid effort, and it stands up well  to all of the Gabriel-era Genesis albums.
B00000JXVK|5.0|I was so glad to find this film available.  The memories of going to see it with my father 25 years ago are great.  This is one of the best documentaries ever done on motorcycles.  The photography is wonderful.  The  narration is funny and well done.  If you were a motorcycle enthusiast in  the seventies, you will love this film. My father passed away in 1994.   Thanks to this film I have a chance to relive some great times with my Dad.
1573225517|4.0|I read this because I wanted to see if the pop culture/music references were really in the book.  I got a lot more.  Women,  don't be put off thinking it's a &quot;guy's book.&quot;  I learned a lot about male  sexualilty, views on romance vs. commitment, and the effects of hearing  Dusty Springfield sing &quot;The Look of Love&quot; at an impressionable  age.  The lists and references are more fun,  because you can stop and  think about them and make your own lists. (No one asked, but  Neil Young's  &quot;Rockin' in the Free World&quot; would be one of my top five favorite  records of all time.  Too obvious?) Read it to find out who is on the list  of &quot;Top Five Bands or Musicians Who Will Have to Be Shot Come the  Musical Revolution (hint: Michael Bolton is one); and you will also be set  to thinking about whether a hip music lover can find true love with a  Simple Minds fan; if you can, in fact, judge people by their C.D./album  collections and then be done with them; and what would be included in a  dream-come-true record collection.  You will also learn much more than you  might think about why men can't commit.
6303282237|5.0|So far I've only seen the restored EL CID at the cinema, so can only comment on the film generally. This is certainly a great epic. Not as perfect or inspiring as Ben-Hur, or as brilliant and intellectually daring  as Spartacus, it nevertheless impresses in every department, from the  intelligent script to the incredibly convincing sets and costumes to Miklos  Rozsa's stunning score. Far from the rather camp &quot;knights&quot; films  of the fifties (PRINCE VALIANT, KNIGHTS OF THE ROUND TABLE etc), this is  one film that takes itself utterly seriously, and is all the better for it,  despite the complaints of those critics who can't, or don't want to, take  any historical film seriously. Indeed I've read so many negative or  luke-warm reviews of this film I sometimes wonder if there aren't 2 EL  CID's! Well, each to his own, but for my money EL CID runs BEN-HUR and  SPARTACUS, in that order, a close third. As I said, one of the very best of  its kind.
B000002IG4|5.0|Phil is a good singer.  This CD is one of his best works.  Phil is Da Bomb.  I think of a friend when I listen to phil.
B00003CWN3|4.0|The actors in this film perform in near documentory form, and often it seemed as if they were simply amateurs living in front of the camera.  I mean this as the ultimate compliment.  Not only Sevigny and Swank, but  everyone in this film is ultimately believable.  This story of a young  woman trying to be a man tears at the heart.  This is not because we all  identify with someone wanting to change their gender, but because we  identify with her struggle to be accepted.  We all wear masks.  Is anyone  totally truthful to their friends or for that matter even theirself.  We  fell for Swanks character because we see her naivety.  She thinks that  everything will be alright, and that she can forever live in her deception.   The more she does manage to fit in the more we cringe because the  reckoning will be that much more destructive.  I realize that this is based  on a true story, but I did have the thought that if the situation had been  reverse and a man had been impersonating a woman the film would have been  even more courageous.  I do not consider this much of a fault however.  The  only fault that I could see were the several scenes where time elapsed  photography was used (the night sky and the factory).  The shots in and of  themselves were great, but they did not blend well with the realism set up  by the location and acting.  Why distract from what is so hard to create in  the first place?  This is possibly the best all around acting job by a cast  in film.  I just hope in my excitement over this film I have not overated  it.  I do not think I have.
B000002IG4|5.0|Phil is a good singer.  This CD is one of his best works.  Phil is Da Bomb
B00004TFK2|4.0|This movie is all you've heard -- inventive, imaginative, and thoroughly enjoyable.  At 90 minutes, it feels fairly short, and the final showdown (with only one alien) feels somewhat anticlimactic, but the film is still a  fun, fresh twist on the 1950s gooey alien sagas.  A box office blowout, the  film was released in the midst of a brief resurgence of alien chic,  released a year after Independence Day and Mars Attacks!, and just before  Starship Troopers.  It is interesting to note that 1996 brought the highly  successful ID4 and the box office bomb Mars Attacks, while 1997 brought us  the highly successful Men in Black and the bomb Starship Troopers, which  didn't even get past the $100 M mark in the States.  ID4 and MIB were more  straight-laced films with elements of parody and humor, while Mars Attacks!  and Starship Troopers were more intentional send-ups of their subject  matter.  Mars Attacks! went for a Mel Brooks-style spoof, while Starship  Troopers (spoof or satire?) was similarly over the top.  Apparently  American audiences like their self-conscious irony lite.  Or maybe they  just like Will Smith.  Either way, MIB never takes itself too seriously,  while at the same time taking on legitimate issues (America's concern with  immigration) in an imaginative way.  Fun.
6304372620|2.0|I really did not like that movie because Rizzo(Eugene Byrd) was killed for no reason.  And he could have had more speaking parts.  But I did like the close up shots of Mr. Byrd.
B00003CWOL|3.0|This is a very irreverent movie. It makes fun of Catholic dogma and I cannot imagine a fervent Catholic not being insulted by it. On the other hand Christ in the New Testament does not appear to care much about dogma,  whereas it seems that the ones who crucified him were very dogmatic indeed.  So maybe it is a good thing to make fun at Christian dogma, much of it  clearly created by imperfect men that other imperfect men like to call  infallible, holy and whatnot.<br />Personally I did not like the movie too  much. Successful satire must be excessive to a specific degree; this one  seems mostly to be off the mark. The prophet who doesn't speak is too  bland, the 13th apostle too one-sided. The only character I liked just so  for being funny enough, absurd enough, and grave enough, is  &quot;Metatron&quot; the angel who speaks God's voice. Even God herself  appears in the movie but I found that a fun loving God who inflicts  terrible punishment to bad angels to be rather disjoined. Other scenes,  like the one where an angel has his wings shorn off by submachine fire, are  just plain stupid. Violence, by the way, is aplenty in this movie  (including the recipe for mixing the &quot;holy bartender&quot; drink), but  I think this nicely mirrors the fact that the Bible is also full of violent  scenes.<br />&quot;Dogma&quot; means &quot;established opinion&quot; and  &quot;tenet put forth as authorative without adequate grounds&quot;. Maybe  we do need good satire to make us reflect on how meaningless much of  Catholic Church dogma is, but this movie ultimately fails because its  writer tries hard to have clever dialogue while making certain no one will  take the movie seriously. It is just fun and crazy but good satire is  serious business. All in all a memorable movie that I recommend seeing  unless you fear eternal damnation for doing so.
0899663036|5.0|I read this book in three days.  When I finished, I started over again.  THIS IS THE BEST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ.  Betty Smith writes a novel set in turn-of-the-century Brooklyn.  The reader immediately falls in love with  Francie Nolan. Even if you don't know what it's like to be poor and hungry,  this book humbles you.  You'll laugh and cry with Francie until the last  page.  And you will never forget her.  Buy this book and leave it on a  shelf.  You'll read it more than once.  I promise.
0201633612|5.0|What can I say!  This book is definitely great... hands down! Any respectable OO programmer should have this in their bookshelf...
6304981635|4.0|I thought this movie was one of the best martial arts movies ever, BUT you could tell that Bruce Lee was EXTREMELY nervous about his impression on the American audience.  It seems Lee's goal was to enthrall the entire world,  but, being a natural born American citizen, he seemed especially intent on  making this movie work.  Most people look strictly at the martial arts, but  Bruce Lee was a trained actor...he had been acting almost since birth.  I,  personally like some of his action scenes in other movies better then  &quot;Enter The Dragon&quot;, although there were a select few that were  incredible.  What really stands out is his drive, which partially derives  from his life of acting (although it seems a little lacking, only because  he spoke broken English)  In closing, I don't think the world could have  handled Bruce Lee if he would have lived past the premier of this  movie...he IS a legend, and legends just can't live in the present.  He  accomplished all he was allowed to, and we're all extremely grateful.
B00000IN5G|4.0|If you like black metal and you like neo-classical guitar shredding then by all means pick up this album. The guitar player has some furious licks, and the rest of the band is surprisingly solid given their young age. I  can't decide whether this album is ahead of it's time, or  &quot;retro.&quot; The songs are well written and melodic but with ample  complexity. A good album.
B000002UAF|4.0|This is not only an awesome C.D. but an  awesome movie also, but what i dont understand is why they have it so bad.....they're millionaires and have all these girls chasing them......i really didn't like the Beatles  till my strange friend Nigel got me into them......I dont enjoy that much  oldies music but this is a C.D. I can really enjoy......well i hope i  helped you on you're journey..
0140177396|5.0|I read this book aged 15 for my GCSE English literature exam. Right from the start I fell in love with Steinbeck's unassuming, delicate language and his vividly real characters. The theme of loneliness on the  &quot;ranch&quot; where the main characters work really haunts the reader,  and we feel great sympathy for the barren lives lead by the characters -  matched by the bleak, dusty Salinas landscape. All the main characters  suffer from some form of prejudice, which in turn isolates them from the  main thread of communication in the mid-west community - from Lennie, who  is punished for his mental disability, to Candy, punished for his age, the  negro, Crooks and the &quot;jailbait&quot;, Curley's Wife. Each character  suffers such absolute desolation in the face of promminence, I couldn't  help feeling such strong empathy for the tragic people who inhabit this  book. It is a credit to Stenbeck's unique eye for socialistic views and  values that he draws such desparing, but neccassary, attention to the  &quot;abused&quot; little man of 20's America.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|Towards the end of this past summer, I developed an interest in the  films of Stanley Kubrick. Near the end of August, the film (which quickly vanished from theaters, after the nasty critical reviews) was only playing  in one local theater and was about to go out. I begged my older brother to  take me to see it (I hadn't obtained my driver's at the time -- I'm 17). He  grudgingly agreed, wondering if he &quot;would have to brush his teeth  after seeing it&quot;. But, he was beaming when we walked out of the  theater and later thanked me, because it was one of the best movies he had  ever seen. <br />There can not be enough praise to give this really excellent  film. As this was Stanley Kubrick's last film, I'm glad that he decided to  go out with a bang. The story is suspenseful and and has enough mystery to  mislead you (which is no easy task for today's films). All of the actors in  the film, no matter how big or small their part is, always add something to  the movie. Nicole Kidman has us hanging on her every word in her confession  scenes and Tom Cruise performs above and beyond in an underwritten  role.<br />The camerawork and cinematography are top-notch, probably the best  that Kubrick has ever done. They make the movie all the more enjoyable.<br />I  really don't know too many people who liked this movie. But, you know what?  This movie isn't mainstream. Like &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey&quot;, you  have to have the patience and the open mind to enjoy the experience of  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;.<br />Stanley Kubrick should be a mentor to today's  filmmakers. And as an aspiring filmmaker myself, I just want to say that  Stanley Kubrick is always going to be one of my heroes.
B00003Q43G|5.0|THE ABYSS IS ONE OF THE GREATEST FILMS I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE. THE SPECIAL EFFECTS, THE STORY, EVEN THE MUSIC IS WONDERFUL. JAMES CAMERON, THE DIRECTOR OF THE TERMINATOR, ALIENS , TERMINATOR 2, TRUE LIES, AND TITANIC  DIRECTED THIS FILM. THE SPECIAL EDITION CONTAINS NEARLY HALF AN HOUR OF  NEVER BEFORE SEEN FOOTAGE. ALSO, IT CONTAINS A DIFFERENT ENDING. I WON'T  SPOIL IT FOR YOU BUT ITS SPECTACULAR! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU BUY THIS  MOVIE! IT IS BY FAR, ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES OF ALL TIME.
B00000J2PH|5.0|If you've read any of my other reviews, you know that I am a Streisand fan even unto death...  Well, now Babs has some competition!  I've had TAPESTRY for six days; it hasn't been taken out of my CD player yet.  I already knew  a lot of the songs: Barbra recorded BEAUTIFUL, WHERE YOU LEAD, and YOU'VE  GOT A FRIEND... Aretha made NATURAL WOMAN famous, and we've all heard WILL  YOU LOVE ME TOMORROW? on the oldies station.  I bought this CD to hear what  the songs sound like when sung by their composer.  What a pleasant  surprise!  King's voice is mellow and foggy; she reminds me of Dusty  Springfield.  Carole King has a unique voice and a true gift for writing  songs.  This album deserves its wonderful repuation!
B000002UAO|5.0|Album Cover: Famous artistic close up of the Fab Four. Like in &quot;With The Beatles&quot;, the photography is better than the usual album covers of the 60's. I'd say, like in &quot;Michelle&quot;, these are photos that go  together well... with the sound of the album. <br />Composition &amp;  Recording: A highlight in the group's  career. The album is warm, the  voices are close to the listener, the arrangements of the songs are superb.  I distinguish the acoustic feel for all of the material presented in this  album. Dylan's influence? Yes, mostly in John, but with a Beatles unique  touch and interpretation (sitar, organ, fuzz bass, pianos, 12 string  electric,etc.) which exceeds Dylan's musical interpretation skills at least  back in 1965. No comparison intended as both are different and  valuable.<br />Originality/concept: Yes it is original and an  essential album  not only within Beatles catalog but also from the 60's music. I don't  classify  Rubber Soul as a concept album, as it is a collection of songs  (not related). However, it is an artistic album and its sound is so  homogeneous  that it forms a concept in itself. What many reviewers and  critics call &quot;smoke, wood &amp; fire&quot; atmosphere.  <br />Recommendation: Essential to the 60's and Beatles catalog as it is an  advanced sample of the mid 60's sound and originality. This is how the 60's  felt and sounded. I know because I was around at the time and I will never  forget the feeling I experienced when this album hit the record stores.
6305426651|5.0|WOW!   I finished watching this film thirty minutes ago, and I'm still crying... happy tears, not the other kind.  This is the ONLY film I've seen that completely deserves all the praise given to it. If you don't like  foreign films with subtitles, watch the dubbed version.  After ten minutes  I had grown accustomed to the subtitles-- a feat only a good movie can  accomplish.  So... no excuses!  Watch this movie.  Buy it.  You'll want to  see it more than once.  I can't think of a better gift for Father's Day!
B000001FRY|5.0|The debut album by an innocent group of four young Irish lads in 1980 is a humble, but very imprsssive, start to a career that would see U2 become a supergroup, megastars and every other cliche of celebrity success. For all this, &quot;Boy&quot; seems an almost inauspicious beginning. It is very rough, with songs that sound unhoned and far from being polished. However, it is one of the best debut albums I have ever heard. It is the very innocence of the musicians behind the album that gives it its charm. It is unpretentious and very much from the heart. The members of U2 were barely out of their teens when they recorded this album, but many songs stand up as timeless classics, perhaps even overshadowing later hits that would come from the established supergroup. Like most of U2's earlier albums, &quot;Boy&quot; is thematically driven, and this theme is reflected in the title. The pains, trials, tribulations and joys of growing up as a young male, discovering and exploring life. Many females also seem to love this album, so the male centred experiences don't seem to alienate listeners on a gender basis. In fact, the experiences could be for either sex (with some distinct differences, of course). However, the members of U2 were boys and became men, so it is their experiences and theirs alone that are chronicled here. They include zeal, faith and the desire to become a man (&quot;I Will Follow&quot;). The roaring, danceable rock of &quot;Out of Control&quot; belies the fear of death, while &quot;A Day Without Me&quot; is deceptively upbeat and chirpy - just listening to the catchy rhythms doesn't tell you it is a philosophical musing on suicide (from the point of view of the dead person, looking across to see the consequences of his actions on those he left behind). Sexual exploration is also a key theme. &quot;Twilight&quot; expresses the fear and uncertainty of puberty, with a disturbing verse that implies the narrator has the unwanted attentions of an older man. Sexual references also lie in the rather abstract &quot;Another Time, Another Place&quot; and the wonderful &quot;An Cat Dubh&quot;. This song in particular is a masterpiece - when it becomes &quot;Into the Heart&quot; in a seamless transition, the listener is both surprised and delighted. This song is a haunting yearning for the nostalgia of childhood, while &quot;Stories For Boys&quot; celebrates its escapism. Even the minute and a half long &quot;The Ocean&quot; feels right. It's not just a filler or an inconsequential song - the boy's dreams of changing the world &quot;if they listened to what I said&quot; have been the dreams of many a child, whose simplicity and uncomplicated way of seeing things are another treasure of life. Perhaps the most unfathomable song is &quot;The Electric Co.&quot;, apparently meant to be about electric shock treatment. It is still an excellent rocker, while the album closes with &quot;Shadows and Tall Trees&quot;, a somewhat maudlin piece about self doubt. This self doubt is perhaps the most dominating theme - in &quot;Twilight&quot; Bono wails &quot;can't find my way&quot;. This perhaps encapsulates the album. Growing and walking into maturity is full of footfalls and perils, but it is the most rewarding journey. And, ironically, it is what makes &quot;Boy&quot; so mature. It is a classic.
B00004TDTO|5.0|All I can say is, this is possibly THE BEST MOVIE EVER!  Gripping, dramatic, yet still has it's funny moments. The only movie that even approaches it is The Godfather!
034537410X|5.0|I purchased Dr. Laberge's book on February 5th - on April 30th I experienced one of the most profound and moving experiences of my life: a lucid dream. Everything you need to know is here, presented in a readable  and authoritative style by one of the pioneers in lucid dream research. Do  the work, follow the course, believe you can - and you will. Thank you  Stephen!
B00004SVIK|5.0|One of the few 'albums' you can buy that you can listen to straight through without skipping a song (it's a concept album, so it's kinda expected) - they are all classics (literally). Just a phenomenal recording  - I have the original double album, the double CD and now the double LIVE  CD. Make sure to get the limited edition to get the bandmembers, et al  thoughts on the production and shows.
B000002KL3|4.0|One can tell from the keyboard-driven 'And the Cradle Will Rock' (processed through a guitar amp to SOUND like guitar, but it's keys) that Women and Children First is going to be an album that strays from their  first two albums quite a bit.  And it does.  But unlike most 3rd  'Experiments' from bands, this album works.  And it works extremely  well.<br />  Every song here is good.  Romeo Delight is great hard rock, and  Everybody Wants Some finds David Lee Roth at his flamboyant best.  Eddie  showcases his acoustic chops on Could This Be Magic?, and it's another  full-band hyper-speed boogie on 'Loss of Control'.  The highlight of the  album however is the long-forgotten, highly underrated 'In A Simple Rhyme'  a semi-epic love song that is quite possibly the single best song of the  David Lee Roth era.  Released as a single, this song could've been a sure  classic.  It closes the album on a high note.<br />  Women and Children First  is one of Van Halen's more underrated albums in the shadow of the excellent  Fair Warning, but it's just as good.  The only shortcoming is that it, like  most Roth era albums, is very breif, only a little over a half-hour long.   But it's definitly one of the highlights of the band's early-era.
B00004RFDW|3.0|...score which usually doesn't figure big with me is impressive.A perfectly realized film but i couldn't bring myself to care.I am not afraid enough of big tobacco maybe.I'm also of the opinion that smokers in this  day and age should have more then an idea what they're in for. I also don't  think public health issues and subtle concepts in law are the best  ingredients for a rip roaring good time.I hope Michael Mann gets back to  films like Thief and Heat.Nobody seems to be making films like that anymore  and nobody does that better then Michael Mann.
B000002KH3|5.0|Van Halen blew the doors off of the world of Rock when it was released.  Nobody had heard or seen anything like it.  Nobody had ever seen the flamboyance of frontman David Lee Roth, nor the awe-inspiring, innovative  technique and consumnate skill of Eddie Van Halen, and the rhythm section  of Alex Van Halen and Michael Anthony seemed sent from god to keep one hell  of a punchy backbeat going.<br />  From the opening 'horn' and the nut-plucked  strings of Runnin with the Devil, the album is one big party, it doesn't  slow down for a second, from the radio ready hits 'You Really Got Me',  'Ain't Talkin bout Love', and Feel Your Love Tonight to the quasi-dark  rocking of Little Dreamer to the total rock outs 'I'm the One' and 'Ice  Cream Man', this album doesn't have a single weak track on it.<br />  Van  Halen would change the rock world, from guitar technique right on down to  the performance standards set by Roth.  This album is one of rock's  all-time classics, a summit that they'd often come close to in the future,  but never truly equal.
0780627024|5.0|Pleasantville, is  an  excellent  film  that most of us can relate to in one way or another. Every now and then people need to be reminded. The grass isn't any greener on the other side. I especially  was able to relate  to &quot;Dave&quot; played by Tobey Maguire (who was brillant as usual).  His character  was not happy and found escape from life through old  TV   shows.
B00003Q438|3.0|The three stars are pretty much for the features on the DVD, the theatrical version of this film is pretty average and the special edition is just corny and boring.  All the added scenes would have been better left on the cutting room floor.  Watch the special edition before reading  about the added scenes and you will see what I mean.
B00003CXDV|4.0|There are two aspects of the DVD package which bear special mention.  First is the Omega 13 option on the Special Features menu.  The second is an alternate ssoundtrack which iss magnificent in its lunacy.  I don't want  to spoil it completely, but suffice it to say that you will not believe  your ears.<br />As for the film itself, it's better than any Star Trek movie  since The Voyage Home.  My parents, who never saw a Star Trek episoide in  their lives, and my son who has seen every one, enjoyed it equally.  It is  wry, affectionate, funny and exciting, and good clean family fun.
B000002KHY|5.0|Actually, I am new to listen to the songs of James Taylor. I buy this album because of the song - &quot;You've Got A Friend&quot;. It makes me relax and comfortable. And the lyrics is simple, but meaningful. Apart from  this song, I also like &quot;Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight&quot; and  &quot;Carolina in My Mind&quot; It is a good choice to me for relaxation  when I am studying my exam :) Very nice
079073804X|5.0|I remember first seeing &quot;The Exorcist&quot; years ago. It scared me then, it still scares me now. I applaud the use of brilliant special effects, superb acting, and a screenplay that takes all the best elements  of the novel to create a tightly wound, disturbing and see-over-and-over  movie.<br /><br />This is in the top 10 of my all-time favorite horror  films. This is not a splatter film by any stretch of the imagination. It is  powerful with vivid images, dialogue and characters. At the heart is a  basic good vs. evil tale. Anyone who appreciates good cinema should check  this out. But be warned: few can watch this film without being haunted by  it afterwards.<br /><br />This edition of the film features behind-the-scenes  footage as well as interviews with the actors and crew members. The  documentary is fascinating just by itself. Very few movies, and even fewer  horror movies, stand the test of time. This is one that continues to  captivate audiences, and it belongs on the shelf of every horror fan.
B000002G0P|3.0|I'm not real big on musicians taking political stances because their opinions on such topics are basically meaningless. This record is anti-war themed, but that isn't why I bought it. I always thought this band was  underrated and didn't get the respect they deserved for cranking out some  pretty good music. Nuno is a great guitarist and his play is what got me  interested in the band. I think most of this album is not that good. The  band tries to mix ballads and elevator music into their metal/rock. They  show that they are a multi-dimensional band. I was into only 3 songs, which  i think are really good. My favorite is &quot;Am I ever Gonna Change.&quot;  Nuno's guitar riffs are awesome in this song. &quot;Warheads&quot; and  &quot;Rest in Peace&quot; are my other favorites. I really did try to be  objective in listening to the rest of the record, but I never could get  into anything else but these 3 songs. However, they were so good that is  why I bought it in the first place.
B00003CWRX|3.0|Being a huge fan of Michael Mann's &quot;Heat&quot;, I was really looking forward to this movie.  Honestly however, I cannot say it is much better than average to good.<br />What's more disappointing is the bonus material on  the DVD.  The labeling advertises a production featurette with audio  commentary by Al Pacino and Russell Crowe.  Given this, I was expecting a  running commentary throughout the entire movie, in addition to a  featurette---no dice.<br />The featurette is boring studio material to hype up  the film, and doesn't have any real substance.  The supposed commentary by  Al Pacino and Russell Crowe is simply a few short interview clips.<br />I am  hopeful that Mann does a commentary on his next DVD film release, as I  would love to hear him disect his own work.
0790729733|5.0|&quot;The organising principle of any society Mr.Garrison is for war, the authority of the state over its people resides in its war power&quot; Mr.X to Jim Garrison (Kevin Costner) in J.F.K. .<br />  Oliver Stone pretty much  lays out his case in the first 30 seconds of the film with a speech by  President Dwight D. Eisenhower warning against the accumalation of power my  the military industrial complex. His theory is that the army and the  overall war machine need a war inorder to justify their existance and  maintain their power. He names names, like Bell Helicopter and General  Dynamics, companies that had Billions to lose in the event of world  piece.<br />  The imagery, theories, drama and ideas contained in 30 seconds  of sceen time of this film exceed what other films contain in their entire  running time. As the film starts  we are told by voice-over that there is a  secret war being waged by the CIA and angry Cuban exhiles against Castro,  Kennedy inherits this war which leads to the 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion  which ofcourse was a complete disaster. Kennedy wants to make piece with  the Russians, wants to pull out of Vietnam and thus is labeled a communist  and an &quot;Irish bleeding heart&quot;. What follows is a vast conspiracy  between all branches of the government, the mob and the Cuban exhiles to  assasinate him. One of Jim Garrison's assitants logically asks him  &quot;How on earth can you keep a conspiracy like that running between all  these people when you know for a fact that you can't keep a secret between  12 people in this room?&quot; That is a logical question, and Stone  concedes that his film is partly a theory, but what he does is much more  important that prove WHO killed JFK, because &quot;WHO&quot; as the  mysterious Mr.X (Donald Sutherland) puts it is just scenery for the public,  what Stone does show is &quot;WHY&quot; he was killed.    <br />   The root of  all the conspiracies in JFK is the office of an ex-FBI man, now working asa PI in New Orleans. His name is Guy Banister(Ed Asner), and he doesn't  seem to do any PI work at all, through his office every character in the  conspiracy will pass, from Lee Harvey Oswald(Gary Oldman), Clay Shaw(Tommy  Lee Jones) and Dave Ferry (Joe Pesci). They are all rabid anti-communists,  scheming how to get rid of the beard(Castro), organising militias in the  anti Castro movement. All this in the same street in New Orleans as the  offices of the FBI, CIA, Secret Service and ONI. Bizarrely Oswald who as  the Warren Comission would have people believe was a &quot;communist&quot;  chose to spend most of his time there. It is obvious that he was being set  up from the biginning, perhaps even setting himself up as the  &quot;sacrificial lamb&quot;.<br />  All this may make this film look like an  incomprehensible flood of political jargon, but what make Stone's  achievement a near miracle is that all this is wrapped is a package that is  riveting, fixating, gripping and brilliant from start to finish. I could  use all the positive adjectives in the world and not come close to  describing the impact of this film. Stone mixes documentary footage with  black and white and colour photography to create a hypnotic whole that  feels dangerous. He manages to give the audience a feeling that they're  seeing classified information they are not supposed to see. There are  numerous cameos by big stars in small roles like John Candy, Walter Mathou,  Jack Lemmon and Kevin Bacon just to name a few, but these are not  distractions, they give a film a measure of importance. Throw in John  Williams superb score and Robert Richardson's beautiful photography and  turning away from the screen is simply not an option.<br />  There isn't space  to praise all the performances in the film, but three particularly stand  out. Tommy Lee Jones as Clay Shaw, Joe Pesci as the manic Dave Ferry and  surpirisingly Kevin Costner in the lead role as Jim Garrison. This is  definitly Costner's best performance to date, his final speech in the court  room is riveting.<br />   Kennedy said &quot;We all inhabit this small planet,  we all breath the same air, well all cherish our children's future and we  are all mortal&quot;. He was trying to breakdown the barriers between  people, and they killed him for it. Who &quot;they&quot; are will probably  remain an eternal mystery, but at least we know why they did it. JFK is not  only Oliver Stone's finest and most important film, but one of the best  films of the 1990s.
0440234743|5.0|I have read (or listened to) all of Grisham's books. The testament was fantastic. The underlying theme of REDEMPTION is bold and strong.
B00000BKE0|5.0|I bought this album not expecting much.  I heard some pretty bad things about it.  I was never too fond of Janick Gers 'til I got it.  I certainly didn't expect it to be one of my favorite Maiden albums, not by a long  shot.  But, there you go, I was wrong.  It's up there with Powerslave and  Seventh Son.  I bought it, loved it, and that's all.  I strognly reccomend  this one.
B00003CXDU|4.0|Wow!  A FUNNY comedy you can take your kids to! Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, and Alan Rickman star in this &quot;Star Trek&quot; spoof. The cast plays the cast of the now defunct, but cult-status TV series &quot;Galaxy  Quest&quot; and every one but Allen is totally sick of the whole deal, the  conventions the grand openings, the fans, the whole nine yards. But then  real aliens, thinking the show shows actual history, gets the cast to help  in a real deep space war.  Allen is hilarious, Rickman does his usual  excellent job, (he is perfect as the &quot;I'm too good for this crap&quot;  Spock-like character)and Weaver goes against her usual type playing a  sex-pot blonde, doing the exceptional acting job she always does while  reminding us, (at least the male viewers  :-) ) that Weaver is VERY  defintly female. There is no smut, nothing a parent would find  objectionable, (the movie is rated PG) and I would highly recommend this  one to anyone.....
B000031WD9|4.0|I bought this for my husband knowing it was a favorite of his but keeping my fingers crossed that he wouldn't ever ask me to watch it with him.  Based on what I had heard I just knew I would find it too lewd or crude.  I  finally broke down and I am glad that I did!  I really enjoyed it.  The  characters are so cute, they were all (most of them at least) so endearing  and so true to life.  True teenagers.  I recommend this movie for anyone  that wants to laugh.  I hate movies that are crude just to be offensive  (Baseketball from South Park creators for example) this movie was  definitely not crude or cruel.  The characters really grow on you and you  start to care about them.  The story has a purpose.
B00001NFCY|5.0|To come across such an riveting album in todays time is really amazing. creed can be compared to the greats of the rock era..with just two albums..they have already created a niche for themselves...and ofcourse a dedicated fan following. human clay is a rather emotional and soulwarming album..all the songs have a great lyrics. with arms wide open,higher stand out amoung the jewels. with creed around...\\"ROCK STILL LIVES ON..\\"
B000002LCK|5.0|Years have gone by now, but somehow these two CD's are always out.  I think I have had these CD's stolen by dormmates at one point at least 3 times over.  Why do I keep buying it?  I guess it is just that good.
B00003CWRX|5.0|While this movie is many things, I really enjoyed how it looked at the corporate media's susceptibility to corruption from outside sources.  If you found this intriguing as well, I suggest reading &quot;The Media  Monopoly&quot; by Ben Bagdikian, for  a more concise look at how corporate  interests feed us the news as they see fit.  By the way, Russell Crowe and  Al Pacino were both fantastic.  A must see.
0312954468|5.0|Smith is an incredibly gifted writer -- indeed, I place his action stories on the same level as those of Edward S. Aarons.  RIVER GOD is extraordinary in its narration, characters, plot, and scenery -- all of which come  together to make a book that is very much perfect for reading and  rereading.   Indeed, the blending of such factors causes the story to  remain with you even after you have set the book aside.
0393317552|4.0|Jared Diamond provides an original perspective on the fates of human societies.  His thesis is that the fates of all human societies has been to a large extent predetermined in remote historic times by the fertility of  the soil and the relative abundance or scarcity of cultivatable plants and  domesticatable animals. The fundamental intelligence and drive of all  peoples are similar. Societies progressed from hunter gathers to farmers  and ranchers and developers of political organizations and higher  technologies if the geography supported it.  If the variety of animals  which could be domesticated was sparce or the native flora was of limited  nutritional value then the native population remained hunter gathers.  Such  less developed societies were easy prey for the higher developed societies.   Not the least because the less developed societies were highly susceptible  to a variety of infectious diseases to which the more highly developed  society, living in a higher population density, had become relatively  immune.  The conquest of the Incas by Pizarro and his band of 198 Spaniards  is a prime example cited by Diamond. The Incas did have a degree of  agriculture and political organization but lacked many domestic animals and  were very susceptible to Old World infectious diseases.  The Incas also did  not have a written language. Diamond provides numerous other examples of  the European conquest of aboriginal peoples.<br />Diamond's discussion on the  origins and spread of agriculture are very enlightening.  His discussion of  the development and spread of written language is also interesting.   Unfortunately Diamond gives little weight to religious, political, or  philosophical differences between societies in determining their fates.   This is a serious shortcoming of his work.  Ultimately his thesis, while  tantalizing, is not compelling.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|This movie is great. This is played to perfection, the love story between Cruise and Kidman. The music is superb, and acting is outstanding. I give this a 20 out of a scale of 1 to 10. Rated R for scenes of sexuality, brief  strong language, and nudity.
B00001XT76|2.0|I'm assuming that if you are looking to buy this title on DVD, you have seen it before or at least been told a lot about the movie...  So, I'm not going to write about the story or anything like that.  This is geared more  towards a movie collector.<br />The description on Amazon.com and the box  itself indicates that this is just a great DVD for collectors.  It has tons  of extra features (which I know we all go for)  Some of the features listed  are featurettes, music videos, commentaries and the like.  It, of course  has all these, and more.<br />However, Artisan apparently wanted to boost  sales by printing a new DVD collector's title but didn't want to put the  money into it.  ALL of the special features are of VERY poor video quality  (most looking like they were encoded from a VHS tape) and the audio quality  on these extras isn't much better.  Very disappointing to say the  least!<br />To top it off, the movie itself is of less than good quality.   Especially seeing that this film was &quot;remastered&quot; and rereleased  a year or so ago!  The video quality is better than VHS, but no better than  SVHS and it seemed to me that the contrast of the transfer was way to high.   Things are blurry when they shouldn't be and the transfer, at times looks  digitized (LOW bit rate to save space! )  <br />The only decent things about  this disc are the movie itself (I suppose I would still rather own this DVD  copy than a VHS copy) and the AUDIO for the film sounds pretty good - not  great, but pretty good.<br />Basically, what I am saying is that if you really  like this movie and are a DVD person like myself, buy it - but don't expect  to be awed by the presentation!
B000006OAM|5.0|This Cd has been sitting in my case for exactly 2 years now that it is may again. I pulled it out again today. Wow. I guess I just wasn't ready for it 2 years ago. This is pretty intense album, in my opinion. Intense in terms  of feeling. The reason i never got it before was maybe because the first  few songs are misleading--they are much more uppity than the rest of the  album. Like kind and generous, which is rather a bland song. But, beyond  the surface, this album is nothing like Tigerlily (which bored me) or Sarah  McLauchlin (who bores me). Really experimental things are on this album.  Its great. I don't recommend it for people who are looking for pop.  Surprisingly, this album has a lot of levels, it is as good as an old  maniacs album (mmmm, like the wishing chair) For people who are looking for  a real art form, i recommend that you get this album
B00000J7J4|5.0|If you like latin music, buy this album.  From Smooth to Africa Bamba, this is a great all-around album.  Buy it, ya won't regret it!<br />P.S. If you don't like Smooth, you're not regular.
B00003CWN2|5.0|An excellent portrayal of a true life story.  Very touching, with super acting jobs by Hilary Swank and Chloe Sevigny.  Every portion of the film that Hilary Swank is in, you actually believe she is a boy.  She truly  deserved the Oscar she received for this role.  And if anyone else is  interested in reading more about the real Teena Brandon, read the book  &quot;All She Wanted&quot; by Aphrodite Jones.  It gives the real story  about Brandon, childhood, family, and the courtroom drama of John Lotter  and Tom Niessen's trials.
B000002JS6|4.0|The death of a key band member (Bon Scott) usually means it's the death of the band as well, or at least the death of musical success enjoyed in the past. AC/DC defies death in this all-out, balls-against-the-wall,  a**-kickin' ROCK album!<br />The band members may be mourning and adorned in   black but they're certainly back in what is arguably AC/DC's best album.  They set the mood immediately with the low and mournful tolling of a bell  in HELLS BELLS. A lone guitar joins in, then another followed by drums as  the song slowly builds and we are introduced to the vocal-chord shredding  voice of new lead singer Brian Johnson. Man!  What a great surprise!  These  guys sounded great together and they didn't let up for the rest of the  album. My particular favorites beside the above are BACK IN BLACK, and YOU  SHOOK ME ALL NIGHT LONG. The band and Johnson's vocals combined sound down  right wicked!<br />This album is a must-have for anyone interested in  crunching power chord, heavy back beat, screaming guitar solo, voice  shredding no-holds-barred ROCK! Crank up the volume and enjoy!
B00001ZWTS|1.0|This movie is absolutely stupid. No laugh-out scenes, just make-you-smile scenes. And the cast is not right, at all. Only Kevin Kline is right as Artemus Gordon. I give this 0.9 out of a scale of 1 to 10. Rated PG-13 for  a brief glimpse of nudity, strong language, crude humor, and violence.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke (whith I have seen in the thearters) is a breakthrought in Japenease Anime. The Story is about the jung prince Ashaka who is injerd, while saving his vilage, by a whiled God Bore who is posessed by hatrige. This whound is not a normal whound, it is hatrige it's self. To  face his desetny he goes to the Land in the whest where the Bore came from  and bad is. He tries to meat the forest spirit who can releav his  suffering. There he meats the Wholve princess Mononoke, who fights the  advancing Humans and Laidy Eboshi, who controls the ironworks and figths  Nature. <br />It is a thriling edveture, a fight betwen Man and Nature.<br />Just  Stuning . . .
B0000033IS|5.0|I have been a fan of Aretha's since she was with Columbia where she had done remarkable work but unfortunately to a limited audience.  In 1967, when this album was released, as a 10th grader, I was floored to say the  least.  The woman is an icon and has affected the lives of millions.  This  is a spectacular first effort with Atlantic filled with classic  performances and jewels penned by Aretha, most notably, &quot;Baby Baby,  Baby,&quot; &quot;Don't Le Me Lose This Dream&quot;, &quot;Dr.  Feelgood&quot;.  Classic covers include &quot;Drown In My Own Tears,&quot;  &quot;Do-Right Woman, Do-Right Man,&quot; and the BOMB, &quot;A Change Is  Gonna Come&quot; which works your very soul and gives you hope that your  change has indeed come.  This is classic soul and surely a foundation for  singers, male or female, who need training in expression, vocal technique,  phrasing, and pure musicianship.  Hats off, Aretha! And thank you so very  much!
038532653X|4.0|Skellig is a really great book to read, it's exciting and iteresting. Buying this book would be a very good idea as it's the type of book you can read again and again. The story is based on a boy named Michael who finds a man in the garage, he also makes friends with a girl named Mina who is  rather extraordinary.BUY THIS BOOK !
B000002C1Z|5.0|Pink Floyd first stirred the music world in 1967 when their live London club shows became nearly infamous.  Slowly but surely the lineup solidified and the band of course went on to create Dark Side of the Moon and The  Wall.  In all the fuss over those albums Animals got lost in the mix;  Animals is the album where these lads shine.  Roger Waters' lyrics were  never more potent and poisonous, Dave Gilmour's guitars soar and complement  the music perfectly, and Nick Mason overcomes his &quot;adequate&quot;  status on drums by pounding the skins with more fury and precision than  ever.  For proof of how great this album is, check the last two or three  minutes of &quot;Sheep,&quot; where all four band members create and  maintain a powerful, soaring closing fit for the running of the bulls.
B000002UUX|5.0|After listening to Rust In Peace a million times I still never get tired of it. I think there are three words that describe it perfectly : &quot;Sonic Thunder Storm&quot;. From the blistering &quot;Holy Wars&quot;  to  &quot;Tornado Of Souls&quot; to the slinky &quot;Dawn Patrol&quot; it  will always be speed/thrash metal at it's best. If you like this I also  suggest Ozzy's &quot;Bark At The Moon&quot; and Metallica's &quot;Ride The  Lightning&quot;. THIS IS PREMIUM MEGADETH! THRASH ON!
0618001905|5.0|This is a staggering piece of non fiction. Like the Rape of Nanking, I had to keep putting it down. It is simply too brutal to read straight through. Too little of the criminal side of history is taught, and too little is understood. <br />King Leopold is the secret Hitler of Africa. He was able to find willing accomplices, and obfuscate the truth through a naive cooperative press, and greedy lieutenants. We are living with the awful legacy of his easy terror. <br />Leopold was obsessed with obtaining a colony for little Belgiam. When he couldn't buy one,or marry his heirs into one, he created one on lies, intrigue, and terror. This is a tale of a horrid human being,who enslaved the people of the Congo as 19th century Europe, and No. America were seeing that pecular institution disappear.<br />This tale of three continents, is littered with prominent 19th century personalities... Stanley (of Stanley and Livingston) and Joseph Conrad. A few voices of truth, Twain and Sir Conan Doyle, existed, and attempted do good. But the fact that we know so little about this part of African and European and American history, indicate the victor in the war of propaganda.<br />Read this and weep.
B00004S6GL|3.0|it is quite difficult for me to write this review given the role that elliott smith's earlier music played as the soundtrack to my own little story.  scarcely a day passed in the mid-nineties (remember those grand old  days?) when roman candle, elliott smith, either/0r or one of the eps wasn't  accompanying the rain outside of my 39th st. house in pdx (the atmosphere  in which they were created and really are still best listented to).  the  blind-eared devotion that earlier fans such as myself still have for his  indie material partially explains the polarization of smith fans into to  distinct camps:  those who knew him before celine dion and don't understand  what this whole dreamworks, over-produced gig is about, and those who say  &quot;hey, it's that guy who did the soundtrack for that matt damon flick,  he's got some cool lyrics, let's go buy the album.&quot;  yes, i am an  admitted partisan of the first camp.  no one has ever doubted the acumen of  elliott smith's songwriting, and figure-eight is certainly not a  counter-argument to his previous jewels.  there are many fine songs here  that stand up musically to any in his catalog (just somebody that i used to  know, everything reminds me of her, hanging around in the lost and found,  happiness, better be quiet now).  unlike the earlier ablums (but like xo),  there are also some bombs (it would have easily earned another star if la,  would mama be proud and pretty mary k had been ommitted). but the fatal  downfall of even the best songs in figure eight (and those in xo, too, for  that matter) is the absence of the unique voice that characterized early  smith.  when one listens to condor ave., no name #3, needle in the hay, st.  ide's heaven, division day or between the bars, one has no doubt as to  where elliott is singing from:  musical and lyrical angst and optimism  are  eloquently linked to specific scenes and places.  not so in figure eight.   although others will certainly argue, i personally cannot tell what smith  is singing and playing about on this album.  perhaps the majority of his  musical sincerity was lost in the production; he still seems to have the  touch in his live shows.  whatever the case may be, i hope that smith  rediscovers his voice in the near future.  as many, so many that it has  almost become cliche, have noticed, smith's talents are on a par with those  of rock-n-roll's demigods.  he certainly has the capability to make  incredible, even epochal music.  in order to do so, however, he must first  decide what it is he is trying to articulate through his music.  whether  this means returning to the trail blazed by his early work or setting out  on a new path remains to be heard.  in this reviewer's opinion, however,  the course of xo and figure eight is not the one for which elliott smith  will ultimately be remembered and appreciated.
0140288503|5.0|I've delayed reading this book since its first release, ut I could no longer held out and read it recently.  I was never a Ranger or a SpecOp type.  Just an old-fashioned airborne infantryman who partook in the  invasion of Panama and the Persian Gulf.  International and international  politics aside, this book shows all the aspects of ground warfare that  could date back to the beginning of times.  The weapons may change, but the  blood and gore remain the same.  This book is a must-read for politicians  who want to rattle sabers for votes, for liberals or conservatives who  wanted to meddle into another sovereign nation's civil business via  projection of US military, and for kids who watched too many Hollywood  action movies who wanted to sign up to serve with the creme de la creme of  fighting forces.  <br />War; or specifically combat, is not a pretty business  even in this day and age of &quot;Nintendo&quot; warfare.  Illiterate  fighters from Third World nations don't care one wit of you are there for  their own protection, or you are suppose to be a chest-thumping  &quot;American Warrior.&quot;  They kill you just as dead as you kill them.   That's the essence of combat.  Kill or be killed.  Us or them.  Too bad  about innocent bystanders.  Too bad about collateral damage.  Too bad about  orphans and widows.  Bullets don't have your name written on them.  They  are simply addressed &quot;to whom it may concern.&quot;<br />This is a tale  of tragedy for both American soldiers and Somalis who got caught in the  whirlwind of international politicking.  I am not a soldier turned  peacenik, but I have grown to despise politicians because of what they have  put me and my brothers in arms through.  We swore to defend the  Constitution of the United States against all enemies; foreign and  domestics.  Not to be policemen of the world, or pawn for international  policies.
B000001XO3|1.0|I have enjoyed this recording for many months. Contrary to some other comments I have always been able to look beyond the 1950's tape hiss sound and stage noises. The voice sound is rather clear and direct.<br />A few weeks  ago, after being away from this package for a few months, I removed a disc  for play only to discover that one track would not play. Upon further  investigation I found that a full 10 of the 14 discs were damaged. Some  would not even track at all. A disgusting clouding, similar in appearance  to ice cyrstals, had formed on part, or in some cases, all of the surface  of the disc. I believe this to be a flaw in the manufacturing process (from  a factory in Portugal).<br />Beware.
B000002B7M|5.0|I can't even begin to say how good this is! It contains a lot of Ozzy's best(crazy train, goodbye to romance, suicide solution, mr. crowley, i don't know, steal away the night). After listening to &quot;Blizzard&quot;  50 million times I still never get tired of it. This was the first Ozzy I  ever had and it is still my favorite. Recommended to everbody who likes  music.
B0000062FJ|5.0|I do not agree with Johnny Black's ( Emap Consumer Magazines Limited) assessment that Carlos Santana is &quot;not a guitar genius&quot;...he couldn't be further from the truth.  This album is great, and Santana is a  supremely gifted GENIUS of a guitar player, with very few, if any,  limitations.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Well, although &quot;Evil Empire&quot; is their best work so far, I would say that &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot; is certainly to be recomended.  &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot;, &quot;Sleep Now in the Fire&quot;, and &quot;Maria&quot; are the best songs on the CD.  I felt the others were just not up to the standards of the band's previous works. This  band is the best in promoting the anti-capitalist/true communist movements  and ideals. No comercialist sell-outs here! When I want to hear just loud  music I listen to Korn, Bizkit, or Kid Rock.  When I need some inspiration  and revolutionary zeal I listen to RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE!
6303014100|5.0|This movie can be described in two words: simply brilliant!  The movie based upon Michael Shaara's novel &quot;The Killer Angels&quot; is very well interpreted and expressed.  Very moving and patriotic, it encapsulates  the tradgedy and triumph of the clash of two great armies and the personal  dilemas between the two sides.  In addition to excellent entertainment  value, it is extremely educational and I highly recommend it to anyone  doing any type of research about the Battle of Gettysburg of the American  Civil War.  A credit to the director and all those involved.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Everyone has heard that this album is a classic, and those unfamiliar with it may wonder why it has such appeal. Briefly, its qualities might be summarized as follows: 1. The inventiveness of its arrangements. There are  so many timbres and instruments used, all working together to create  moments of beauty. The bass lines in particular are worth noting, as they  so often help create sonic tension. All of the musicians used are top  notch. 2. The warmth and depth of the recordings. Every groove sounds like  a canyon, though without the excess mushy echo of Phil Spector. 3. The  dazzling vocal harmonies. The Beach Boys were known for them, and here they  reach new heights. 4. The sincere emotional depth of Brian Wilson. You can  practically hear him pouring his heart and soul into the project, taking  catchy pop tunes and turning them into quasi spiritual moments. 5. The  belief inherent in such an unusual project that pop music can be something  more than just dance or party music. Brian Wilson conceived this as  something of a &quot;teenage symphony to God.&quot;  I am glad this  recording is available in both its original mono and its stereo form.  Regardless of which you prefer, this sounds good (with headphones, it  sparkles as the rich tones wash over you), and it is important to hear the  mono version for insight into how the record originally appeared. If you  like this music, I also heartily recommend a box set called &quot;Good  Vibrarions - Thirty Years of the Beach Boys.&quot;
B00000J7JO|3.0|i love the red hot chili peppers, john frusciante and flea are amazing.  i've been listening to them since mothers milk, but they've lost something.  i'm afraid to say it, but i think i have to, they've gone easy listening.   several songs are great, but overall, it's just not up to their earlier  stuff.  i'd definitely recommend this album to any chili pepper fan and any  top 40 radio addict.  but if you're a chili peppers purist, stay away, this  isn't your peppers.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Every morning I wake up and put creed on, theres nohing like waking up the house with some great rock. I took my kids to see creed in concert in las vegas, they now know what great music is. For anybody that has kids I say  buy this album. My children are 9 and 10 and I'm 34, theres nothing better  than being on the same level with your kids and every parent can do this  through music.
B000031WD9|3.0|Well well well, there was me expecting an awful, puerile film, and I was  almost proved wrong. Almost. Now, don't get me wrong, there are moments  that are meant to be funny throughout the film which really won't make you  laugh, celebrated scenes like the apple pie moment as an example, scenes  that just make you want to kill the screenwriter for their stupidity. But  the cast really hold this together, as they are actually quite likeable -  Jason Biggs is never as annoying as he could be in the character, and  Thomas Ian Nicholas has a bright future. Also, the father has all the best  lines, turning a one-dimensional cipher into someone you can't wait to see  on screen again. Rather oddly, for such a cynical tug at the heart strings  ending, the movie does make you feel that little bit better. How odd.  Anyway, it's certainly worth a look, and the extras are copious. The  featurette is short but fun, the commentary a great laugh, and there are  some small but entertaining things like Classic Quotes which take you to  the bit in the movie where they are said. All in all, a strangely  entertaining film which I thought would be dreadful but proved me ever so  slightly wrong.
B000009ED0|5.0|I just wanted to say that I really like this album by Kid Rock.  It is definitely on the wild side.  I also wanted to let everyone know that I am psyched for his new album to come out, and it is coming out soon, so be  sure to look for it!
B000002AH9|5.0|Billie Holiday, singing with what was left of her voice, happens to create with &quot;Lady in Satin&quot; a work of art that will enthrall listeners for ages, for her artistry here is just timeless.<br />This is not music for  playing in the house while you are doing other things, just as you would do  with most singers nowdays...No, you have to take your time and be ready to  enjoy every single note, phrase and all the emotion Billie distills in  these songs. For it is her life she is singing here about, and only great  artists can convey their experiences through art and make them worthwhile  for others to listen to.<br />All praises do not suffice for value this  impeccable and emotional rendering. At the autumn of her career and life,  when everyhing was telling her enough is enough, Billie Holiday challenges  herself and creates, with all the passion and artistry she still proved to  have, a jewel of musicianship that mankind will treasure forever: Lady in  Satin.
0679721037|4.0|I read &quot;Hiroshima&quot; as a class project and I totally loved it. I  learned a lot about the Atomic bomb in Hiroshima and what the helpless  survirors had to do to survive.  It really interest me the way residence  helped eachother as much as possible and tried to save as many pure lives  as possible.  I also became familiar with the Atomic bomb in Hiroshima,  why, when, and how it happenend.  John Hersey did a great job in this novel  and I would like to compliment him on a job well done.  I am very pleased I  picked this book to read and not another one.  I felt I got my money's  worth, and this is a book I can always read over.  I recommend this book to  everyone, it's a must read.
0783240503|3.0|I was disappointed in this video.  I found Maria Friedman annoying and as others have said weak vocally.  Donny Osmond sang great but I couldn't put him visually into the role.  Maybe he is a little too old for it,
B000002KBU|5.0|Joni Mitchell is one of the most daring, talented, and creative artists in music history, not just in folk, or pop, or jazz, or whatever she's being categorized as at the moment. Just listen to this album and you'll see what  I mean.<br />Though it doesn't say so in the booklet, Joni herself plays  guitar, dulcimer, and piano. As a dulcimerist myself, I am absolutely in  love with the dulcimer part on &quot;A Case of You.&quot; That song is so  simple, and it's purely beautiful. Stephen Stills' gently understated  guitar part on the song adds a certain something, as does the barely-there  percussion.<br />Let's not leave out &quot;All I Want,&quot; on which you can  clearly see who influenced neo-folkie Jewel! Again, the dulcimer does it  for me there! The same is true on &quot;Carey.&quot; Joni plays some  gorgeous piano parts on &quot;River,&quot; &quot;Blue,&quot; and &quot;The  Last Time I Saw Richard.&quot; That last song is beautiful (okay, I'm  agreeing with almost every other reviewer here), I'm particularly drawn by  the line &quot;All dreamers pass this way someday/Hidin' behind bottles in  dark cafes.&quot;<br />So in short, do you want to hear a woman with true  talent whose voice and music will be played for all time? Pick up  &quot;Blue.&quot; If not, go buy that new Britney Spears record.
B00000K2SE|4.0|The Matrix, the first time I viewed it, was amazing.  The special effects were mind-blowing.  At my friends house, watching on a DVD player, it was almost a surreal experience.  And then I bought the video version.  It was  still great, but the non-action scenes started to get boring.  Now, after  the third time, I can't stand it any more.  The action sequences, the  special- and visual-effects, are simply stunning, the premise entertaining,  the actors appealing and their acting not bad.  But for some reason this  movie just doesn't have much rewatchability value.<br />Keanu Reeves was good,  Carrie-Ann Moss was gorgeous, Laurence Fishburne was fun if a little too  self-absorbed, and the agents were fun, interesting characters.  This is an  excellent movie to rent, or to watch once in a while, but despite its  amazing sequences, it lacks a certain...charm that the similar and superior  Dark City had.
0553274503|5.0|i read &quot;flowers&quot; as the novel first; i've never read the short story and feel the lesser for it. but i do feel that it's one of the best books i own, and i own quite a few. i think of it on the same level as  &quot;nineteen eighty-four&quot; which i hope is saying a lot. charlie did  exactly what i would have done in his position and i am so happy that he  did. his ephemeral life was rich in emotion, love, and sacrifice. he is a  beautiful man, and i bless the day daniel keyes sat down and made him.
0375703764|3.0|I liked the idea behind the book and the explorations into the house. The remaining materials were gimicky. Leave out some of the Appendices and save a few trees.
B000002NJS|4.0|Could this be Madonna being the on unselfish earth mother we all knew that she was inside, or the opposite?<br />This record &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; is finally where Madonna and the public at large all caught up to each other,  but some fans might fell gypped.  The sexy shocking and intelligent Madonna  is gone leaving a spiritually deep woman in her place.  The songs are  almost all techno wizardry due to the mind of William Orbit.  The lyrics  are personal accounts.  Madonna escapes the harsh realm of fame in  &quot;Drowned World&quot; and finds the love of being a parent in  &quot;Little Star&quot;.   Other songs like &quot;Skin&quot; and  &quot;Swim&quot; don't feel as personal (or maybe it is because we don't  know what they are about) but still are great dance jams. &quot;Skin&quot;  is sexy and sleek, and I still think would have been a smash as a single.   &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; is also an over the top dance jam that can have  you dancing all night.  While her return to dance music is evident on this  album, a very odd arrangements of songs, that would fit Bjork like a glove  show up on her like &quot;Mer Girl&quot; and &quot;Candy Perfume  Girl&quot;.  The lyrics to &quot;Mer Girl&quot; are intensely personal and  that is a bright spot, but the arrangement is just to alternative for the  woman that sang &quot;Lucky Star&quot; and &quot;Into The  Groove&quot;.<br />While the album is mature and rightfully so, it just leaves  some people cold.  The progression did come naturally after experimenting  with this type of music during the much more relaxing yet bizarre  &quot;Erotica&quot;, but she still seems to have this spiritual better than  you sense that wasn't present in the confessional creative high that is  'Bedtime Stories&quot;.  Madonna also does shine here, but not as brightly.   It is a peak of personal feelings and very well orchestrated lyrics, but  the music does tend to bore after a while.  Even with its faults, I still  highly recomend thisone.<br />I think since I mentioned Madonna's &quot;Ray  Of Light&quot; in a review for &quot;Believe&quot; that the opposite should  occur here. &quot;Believe&quot; is also the case of a mature woman  (Cher)  making a dance record of a life.  Of course, Cher is not the writer but the  songs in &quot;Believe&quot; of struggling for love while dancing to much  more entertaining beats works extremely well in some tracks and makes  Madonna &quot;Ray&quot; seem out of touch to an average person.  Of course,  the real Madonna shinning trough on &quot;Ray&quot; plus the fact that even  its unsatisfactory tracks (&quot;Shanti/Ashtaghi, etc.) make Cher's trivial  spots (&quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; remix, etc.) sound just plain  bad.<br />Also see my Cher &quot;Believe&quot; review.
6304981635|5.0|This film was the first collaboration between an American studio and a Chinese one.  It suffered alot of troubles on set because of language problems and some of the extras were rival gang members.  Bruce Lee spent  many hours dedicated to the films smooth running production not just  superbly choregraphed fight scenes and script rewrites.  Watch out for  Jackie Chan he's in the underground cavern scene and Sammo Hung is the  wrestler at the start of the film.  This version includes more of Bruce's  philiosphy (which had previously been omitted by the studios.)  The DVD has  some classic extras including footage of Bruce training in his back garden  and excerpts from the only surviving interview of Bruce.  The films  features Bruce as a British Agent who must use his skills in a Martial Arts  Tournament on an Island Fortress.  He must break an opium ring and stop the  Crime Lord Han.  Cue great performances by Bruce Lee, Jim Kelly (who said  he modelled his character on Mohammed Ali),John Saxon and Shih Kien (whose  lines were dubbed for this film.) It is a great film and the dvd extras are  worth the cost of the DVD alone!
B000002549|5.0|My grandparents who are both opera singers and voice teachers listened to 'Classical Barbra'. Their assessment is : the CD is not a great revelation of a promising opera or lieder singer. But she shows that she can tackle an  art song and show off an important attribute of fine singing : legato.  Barbra's vocal technique and hearing capability in music makes her the  greatest pop singer of all times. Personally, the CD is a soothing work of  the pop diva. I'll never get tired of this CD which has Streisand's unique  treatment of art songs.
B000002HPV|4.0|I bought this CD on the strength of &quot;Bachelorette&quot; and &quot;Hunter&quot; and was not let down in the least.  Every song is creative and original, and I love how she put &quot;Pluto&quot; on the  album.  A lesser artist wouldn't delve into such peircing noise as an album  track, but Bjork thought it important enough for the continuity of the  album to include.  Props to her.  I actually enjoy that track above  others.<br />One of the best aspects of this album is the way she blends  classical elements like strings with very synthetic beats, especially in  &quot;joga,&quot; &quot;hunter,&quot; and &quot;bachelorette,&quot; the  three most beautiful songs of the bunch.  The way the two schools of sound  play upon each other is quite wonderful, creating stacatto mechanical beats  and sweeping orchestration.  The only other group that can do this sort of  arangement any better is the EBM group VNV Nation.<br />And as always there is  Bjork's voice, love it or hate it.  I love it, personally.  No one else can  use it like she.  I hear she sings all over the scale, too, not really  paying attention to classical note or pitch structure.  I'll believe it.   She can go to low and sultry to shreiking and piercing in no time.  If you  aren't intimidated by the experimental quality of the songs and the  craziness of her voice, chances are you'll really appreciate this album.
6305388458|5.0|This is the first DVD I purchased for my new DVD player, and I watched it this weekend for the first time.  I'd read all the reviews here and figured I'd like it, since I like humor and have always adored John Cleese.  Before  I got my DVD, I tried to rent it at the video store, but they didn't have  it (they did, however, have a lot of other MP videos).  So that spurred me  to purchase the DVD, and I'm glad it did.  The picture was very clear.  I  know I'll have to watch it again because I missed a lot.  I loved the  &quot;Biggus Dickus&quot; scene, and the Roman grammar lesson, and the  stoning scene was hilarious.  I would recommend this film to anyone with a  sense of humor.  The humor is timeless, and now I adore the rest of the  Monty crew (John's still my fave!).
B00003CWN2|5.0|Boys don't Cry is one of those movies that stay with you for a long time after viewing it. Just knowing that someone had lived this life, and had to be subjected to the torture and humiliation is so sad and disturbing.   There are some scenes that are very disturbing, and I started to feel as  though Hilary Swank was really Brandon Teena/Teena Brandon.  She really got  into her role, and did an outstanding job!  She was the best actress of the  year in my book , as well as OSCARS.   The other actors were also very  good. Chloe Sevigny is one of the great up and coming female actresses out  there. I think you have to be in the right mood to sit down and watch this  movie.  Or make sure you rent something funny/cute to watch after it to  help get your mind off the subject matter. It's a very sad display of how  ignorant people can be. Although i did find this movie quite fascinating,  there were a couple of holes to it. 1.  It's never really explained why  Teena wants to be a man in the first place.  I guess you have to know the  whole true story, and have watched the documentary on the real Teena  Brandon.   2.  How could these people not have known it was really a woman  and not a man?   This really bothered me, Hilary Swank was very convincing  but those so called friends must have been high every time they saw her to  not know that it was really a girl.  Other than that,this is definitly a  movie worth watching.  It certainly isn't a feel good movie, but worth a  look. Watch it for Hilary's performance anyway, she is totally amazing!
0446677450|4.0|This book is purely motivational in nature.  It will get you thinking about what you money is or is not doing for you.  You'll want to invest before the book is through.  The first chapter is somewhat slow, but the  rest of the book keeps your interest and will run your highliter dry.
6305903182|5.0|Scream 3 is a great end  to an awesome trilogy.It is scarier and alot more funny.Parker Posey did a great job on this movie,I think she is the one who made the movie alot more watchable.If you are a Scream fan(like me)I  guarantee you will like this movie.Also,the cast are alot better  looking.Don't miss this movie,you might like it.If you don't,who cares?,it  is only for the scrream fans.
B00000JNJ1|4.0|delete wicked messenger and open to ideas add your so rude,silicone grown, thats all you need,and my fault and its 5 stars
6305807043|4.0|Was 1999 the year for weird movies, or what?  This movie was one of the most bizarre yet!  but that doesn't have to be such a bad thing.  While it was very bizarre, it held my interest, and was a very original story with  an amazing screenplay and the acting was pretty good too. Both Catherine  Keener and Cameron Diaz(who i hardly recognized!) were deservant of their  Oscar nominations.  The acting all around was excellent. This film was also  very funny, I laughed alot. There were a couple of parts, where the  laughter kind of died, but that's because i was kind of weirded out.  I  think Spike Jonze did a great job directing.   This movie is definetly not  for everybody.  If you want to see something different, very different --  watch BEING JOHN MALKOVICH.
0451191153|5.0|The Fountainhead illustrates the struggles of a young man who refuses to accept the mediocre opinions of experts or anyone else.  Roark is uncompromising in that if one wishes to deal with him, one shall deal with  him on his own terms within his extremely high standards.  He refuses to  perform less than his best and he refuses to discuss performing mediocre  work even if a customer desires mediocre work.<br />He is reduced almost to  destitution at one point for refusing to take business from those who wish  to dictate his style.  Ultimately, he wins - his methodology is slowly  accepted as superior as he refuses to give up on giving only his  best.<br />Gail Wynand illustrates a man who &quot;could have been.&quot;  He  panders to the crowd early on in his life, but somtime after meeting Roark  he is inspired to be an individualist for a time.  Eventually, he gives in  to public pressure and lets Roark down.<br />Ellsworth Toohey is the  second-hander of ideas.  He epitomizes the stupid ivory tower socialist  intellectuals.  He contributes much to the culture of mediocrity by his  speeches and writings.<br />Peter Keating is the man who is successful, but  has never had an original idea of his own.  He mooches off of history and,  pitifully, Roark.<br />Dominique Francon is the most unbelievable character in  the novel.  I am not sure Rand really  knew what do so with such a  character.  She is surreal and, by any standard, a lunatic.  I wish Rand  would have given more thought to this character.<br />Roark, however, should  inspire anyone who has the will to take on the whole world and win.  His  dedication and effort are amazing.
6305903182|5.0|Scream 3 is a great end  to an awesome trilogy.It is scarier and alot more funny.Parker Posey did a great job on this movie,I think she is the one who made the movie alot more watchable.If you are a Scream fan(like me)I  guarantee you will like this movie.Also,the cast are alot better  looking.Don't miss this movie,you might like it.If you don't,who cares?,it  is only for the scrream fans.
038532653X|5.0|Skellig is a great book it is full of mystery.  You get pulled into the story and it's hard to put it down. The story is about a boy called Micheal who finds a man in the garage.But is he a man? At the end there are still things you don't quite understand which keep you wondering long after you  put it down.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I have to that this being the only album by Creed that I have ever heard, the music is amazing.  The songs Beautiful and Open Arms are the most thought provoking songs that I have heard since DCTalk's Supernatural CD.   If you have not listened to this CD as of yet, I highly recommend that you  do.
044022165X|5.0|Rudy Baylor is about to get out of law school when he meets the Blacks. One of their sons, Donny Ray Black, has lukemia. The insurance company will not pay for the bone marrow transplant. This is Rudy's first trial and also  is the biggest insurance scam ever. Will he crack the case? You'll find out  as you read the book.
B000002U82|2.0|A little info about moi first: I was born in 1977, am about to graduate from college, and listened to the following CDs today: the new Yo La Tengo, Mos Def, Wilco, and that beauty of an album from the Scottish lads in  Travis.  That said, ahem, why can't I bring myself around to liking this  album?  Did growing up in the post-classic rock era with hip-hop and indie  rock just make this stuff sound, well, fake?  Most of the negative reviews  below are based on a general, blind dislike for Pink Floyd and its 'genre'  of music.  Likewise, there is indeed a cult of music fans out there who  cannot live without this stuff -- I admire that, to a certain extent.   <br />What makes this Pink Floyd album so unappealing to me can be best be  summed up by the image and taste of a doughnut: lots of tasty fluff, with a  whole lotta nothing in the center.  Sure, 'Dark Side...' is a technical  marvel, but the same can be said for lots of music, amongst other things.   Yet I find no real signs of emotion in their music -- it's pleasant to  listen to, easy to admire, but there should be more to it than that.  I  want to BELIEVE them when they sing about the everyday evils of money.   'The Wall' had some moments of raw emotion, minus the technical precision  of 'Dark Side...'  To me, that's what makes the former an important piece  of art, and the latter a mere exercise in form.  <br />At any rate, I will  continue to borrow this CD from friends around the country, in the hopes  that I will one day see the light...in the Dark Side of The Moon.   <br />Cheers.
0816196419|5.0|Yeah, this book is awesome, as the magic of &quot;closed&quot; murder takes over!  But the only thing that little spoiled my joy at the first reading time was, that I watched the movie before I read this. The movie  was partly kind of poor, because it didn't feature as exciting environment  that the  original book does. But, nevertheless, a great reading  experience.
B000000QG8|5.0|I ECHO THE SENTIMENT OF THIS IRISH CHAP NOT GETTING THE ATTENTION OF THE LIKES THAT CLAPTON GOT.CLAPTON IS TRULY \\"SLOWHAND\\"COMPARED TO THE FIERY DRIVEN BLUES ROCK THAT I WITNESSED ON \\"IRISH TOUR '74\\" AND STILL CANNOT FIND ANY EQUAL TO THIS DAY...IT IS FITTING THAT WE DO NOT FIND ANY OTHER BECAUSE THERE WAS ONLY ONE..RORY GALLAGHER! LISTEN AND FEEL IT ON \\"IRISH TOUR '74\\"....
0312857063|3.0|Not a bad read.  As other reviewers have said, it is a bit long and boring at times.  Tighter editing would have solved that problem.  The book could have been half the size and much better. Good bits:  Well drawn characters  who become almost real to one.  I could see them all in my mind, and I too  was moved to tears sometimes. Bad bits:  Sloppy editing leaves too much  slush in the story.  And the violence. Please!  Way too much, and sooo  unnecessary.  I have got an imagination, and don't need it all spelt out.
B000006YGY|4.0|Ocean is a real mindblowing album but something is missing. I have always prefered &quot;Dawn&quot; or  &quot;Power and Passion&quot; albums. But still, Ocean is one of the best concept albums ever made.
6305807043|2.0|Adultery and foul language.  And just weird.  Spend time elsewhere.  Turned the movie off in 30 minutes.
B0000214F0|4.0|The first time I saw this movie, it was playing at a local art film theater. I had heard about how graphic this film was in every respect. I wasn't led astray. Despite its explicit nature, Caligula is quite a good  film. Malcolm McDowell(who, in my opinion, is in the top 10 greatest actors  of all time)is very good, as always, as are Peter O'Toole, Helen Mirren,  and Sir John Gielgud. They more than make up for a few corny (some  downright stupid) plot and visual elements.  The plot revolves around  Caligula, a young man who becomes emperor of Rome after he has his uncle,  the current emperor, killed. It takes the viewer through a graphic (yet  historically accurate)display of the decadence of ancient Rome(with very  convincing set pieces) as it shows Caligula's slow decline into insanity.   Before viewing this film keep in mind that it is very graphic in its  violence and sex (unless you're viewing the R-rated version that has almost  1 hour cut from its original running time). Also keep in mind that although  it is graphic, it is also (for the most part)historically accurate. So, if  you want to see some of the most impressive sets in recent memory &amp; a  few of the world's greatest thesbians at work and beleive you can handle  its extreme nature, I would definatly give Caligula a try.
B00000J7SO|1.0|First of all I'd like to ask all those who gave this album 5 stars how they'd rate Blood on the Tracks!  20 stars?  This album was recommended to me by a friend, but now that I have it I'm sure it was just his idea of  a joke..haha. There are only two songs on the entire CD that are worth  listening to, Changing of the Guards and Se&ntilde;or (Tales of Yankee Power). The  rest of the songs are so weak I can hardly believe it.  &quot;Can you  cook and sew, make flowers grow, do you understand my pain?&quot; Need I  say more? Well, yes I do 'cause so far I haven't even mentioned the AWFUL  gospel choir that accompanies Dylan throughout the album. It will drive you  MAD. So go ahead and buy this album if you want to, but don't ever say  nobody warned you against it. Oh, if you do buy it anyway make sure to get  the remastered and remixed edition. I didn't...but I'm sure you'll  understand if I don't rush out to buy the enhanced new version.
6305280711|4.0|What an adrenaline rush this movie is!<br />Pros:<br />*The mostexplosive part of the series.<br />*Samuel L. Jackson was terrific. Hewas very funny, too.<br />*Pretty creative plot. Smart twists.<br />*Very funny sometimes. That part where Bruce Willis stands in the middle of Harem with that sign has to be one of the funniest moments in action film history!<br />*Jeremy Irons was brilliant. So was Bruce Willis.<br />*The action scenes (especially the explosions) are to die for.<br />*There's something about the movie (I don't know what it is),but it makes it delightful to watch. Maybe because a lot of scenes were shot in a sunny day...<br />Bottom line: excellent movie! This is action at its very best.
B00000J7J4|4.0|...so thank God and the Japanese for the CD--you can program around it. Otherwise, this is a fairly solid if rather mainstream Santana effort. You won't find very much of the adventurism found in many of his albums of the  last 15 years--this is a song-centered album. We do get a fairly recent  flamenco aspect in many of these songs, though (I think maybe Carlos shares  Pat Metheny's interest in the way John McLaughlin has successfuly drawn on  that sound). Here's a warning, though--the listed running time of &quot;The  Calling&quot; is wrong at a bit under 8 minutes--at that point, the song  segues into four more minutes of instrumental epilogue.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|This movie was written on the level of 12 year old males.  I know, because my 12 year old stepson loved it.  I feel asleep after the first 20 minutes the first time and suffered through the last minutes the second time.  I  couldn't figure out why I didn't really like until I read another  reviewer's note that it was basically just MIB (which I didn't like)  married with sci-fi and a western.  I never saw the original series and I  felt like I never understood the high tech toys set in what was supposed to  be the 1860's.  Even my husband's explanation that the villian kidnapped  all the greatest scientists of that time wasn't enough to explain why  everything looked like it was set in Star Wars time but everyone decided to  be in a big post Civil War costume party. I also didn't like it because,  since the humor was on a low level, it could have been a family film, but  the filmakers just had to put in sexual innuendos and situations and  profanity.<br />Although the real humor came from the subtle inside jokes and  a few good lines from Will Smith and Kevin Kline, it wasn't a  laugh-out-loud-every-minute movie like the much better  &quot;Bowfinger&quot;.  Plus, I'm always suspect when you have a white  straight man like Tommy Lee Jones, Tim Robbins and Kevin Kline opposite a  frenetic black comedian because the black character often acts like a  buffoon while the white character gets to retain his dignity and get a  lesson in black hipness.<br />Poor Kenneth Branaugh.  It would be better to  see him with Kevin Kline in the new Dreamworks cartoon.  Not only did he  have a bad Southern accent, but almost all of his lines opposite Smith were  offensive. Smith's clever responses were the only positives of the  film.<br />Smith has gone the way of Wesley Snipes, starting off doing  thoughtful movies(please see Smith in &quot;Six Degrees of Separation),  getting a big hit as a certain type (wisecracking action hero- Independence  Day) and forever being stuck in roles like the big hit.  The only time I  feel like the formula worked was in &quot;Enemy of the State&quot;.  Even  though it wasn't really a comedy, it was a heck of a lot funnier than this  movie.<br />I hate to say it, but Smith's video at the end was better than the  movie. And if you do dare to watch it with the kids, please shut it off  before the Iglesias video which was irrevelant, unnecessary and a little  racy!
6304994540|5.0|What do you get when you take the talent of Jeff Bridges, the insanity of John Goodman, the hideously twisted boringness of Steve Buscemi and bake it in the minds of the Coen Brothers for about 2 hours? Throw in some  marijuana, White Russians, stuffy rich wannabes, a porn king, an uzi,  henchmen, a &quot;reactionary&quot; Chief of Malibu, a cut off toe with  nailpolish, a marmot, a pomeranian, Viking opera, kidnappers, 1 million  dollars and a rug that really tied the room together?  If you haven't  guessed yet you get The Big Lebowski. This movie stars Jeff Bridges as  &quot;The Dude&quot;, a self proclaimed middle-aged pacifist, who spends  his earthly existence bowling, driving around, smoking pot, and drinking  white russians. The Dude has to put all that to one side for now as he is  on a mission. In a case of mistaken identity, some thugs harass the dude  about some money they think his wife owes to Jackie Treehorn, the biggest  porno producer on the west coast. In the confusion one of these 2 gentlemen  decides to relieve himself on the dude's rug that by the way, &quot;really  tied the room together&quot;.<br />The dude figures out that the other  Lebowski, the &quot;Big Lebowski&quot;, the millionaire that these thugs  were looking for should compensate him for the rug, which would NOT have  gotten peed on by the &quot;china man&quot; had his wife not owed money all  over town. After the rug issue is settled the dude learns later that the  &quot;Big Lebowski's wife, &quot;Bunny&quot; has been kidnapped by  Nihilists of all people! They want the dude to act as a currier to deliver  1 million dollars to the kidnappers in the hopes that he can identify these  thugs as the men who soiled his rug that &quot;really tied the room  together&quot;.<br />Walter [John Goodman], of course, f's it up trying to  relive a Vietnam flashback. The kidnappers get a suitcase full of Walter's  dirty undies instead of the money! While trying to drown his sorrows in  bowling, the dude's car with the million dollars still in the trunk is  stolen by a kid named Larry Sellers, who &quot;lives off Radford, near the  In and Out Burger&quot;. Will the dude get the money back before the  Nihlists cut off his johnson? And what of the rug and the dude's car? Will  the kidnappers kill &quot;Bunny&quot; before the dude can get Larry to  crack and give up the money? Or can Maude, a rich femenist hold the answer?  Unfortunately this movie was a bummer at the box office but it is truly one  of the great comedies of the decade. Get this movie today and &quot;take it  easy man&quot;.
630512065X|4.0|This video is the closest thing to seeing the musical in the theater! I was able to see the finer details in the lavish costuming and beautiful makeup- this video really does the musical justice. And unlike being at the  theater, there were no distractions, I didn't have to see the play around  the person in front of me, and I could take the intermission whenever I  wanted. I dare say that my cats even enjoyed watching the video, batting  the screen with their paws!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182's new CD has a much better sound than any of their previous CDs, Dude Ranch, Chesire Cat and Buddha (they were originally known as just Blink).  This CD has a great collection of songs, and they're put in a good  order, too.  In fact, the only song on this CD I don't like is &quot;Wendy  Clear.&quot;  All the others like &quot;Dumpweed,&quot; &quot;Don't Leave  Me,&quot; &quot;Aliens Exist&quot; and &quot;The Party Song&quot; are all  great.  But the best songs are &quot;Going Away to College,&quot;  &quot;What's My Age Again,&quot; &quot;All the Small Things,&quot; and  &quot;Adam's Song,&quot; which is actually my favorite song.  Upon first  hearing, Blink 182 may seem like a perverted band that simply sing about  sex and masturbation.  That's how they were on Dude Ranch, their 1997  album.  Once I heard that Blink 182 claimed to be a serious band who tried  to write serious songs, and I thought, &quot;what the heck are they talking  about?&quot;  But after I listened to the CD a couple times, I started to  undestand the lyrics and I saw  what they were talking about.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|This has got to be my favorite movie ever made.  It's sounds extremely cliche; a man's praise for a superficially masculine, testosterone-drenched, wham-bam-thank you ma'am pile of celluloid.  Not at  all true.  This film made me think, and no movie fitting the preceding  description has ever accomplished that.  This film also shocked me with  frank but intelligant philosophy, stunning performances credited to Helena  Bonham Carter and Edward Norton, and original-ironically trendy-premise and  execution. The sensationalism, assumed to be horribly adolescent, is so  effective, the audience is left gathering itself and arriving to the  conclusion that while it may have its share of violence, slapstick,  shockers, and bizarre mannerisms, there was a lot to think about in all  that.  You can thank this film for the strangest slice of a reality gone  reanimated, as a nameless Joe Average plunges into a tale of mischeif,  mayhem, and soap.  Edward Norton is the timid white-collar consumer, a  simple materialist with an addiction to stuff he doesn't need but buys to  fill holes in his pathetic, numbing existence, like anyone else would.   Stricken with the boredom of office jargon and despondency, while suffering  heavy insomnia, Norton finds an obscure comfort, and pitiful just as well,  touring support groups for diseases and what not, releasing tears and his  sleeping restraints.  while this is all well and good, his encounter with  the vivaciously-dead Helena Bonham Carter lands him back in square one,  resolving to his new (single-serving) friend: Tyler Durden.  Enigmatic,  rebellious, confident, vulgar, unconventional, and smart, Tyler (Brad Pitt)  leads his pal into a foreign world of obscure humor, the dangers of  soap-making, the philosophy of chaos and anti-sociality, theraputic  violence, and taking action against the ideals of the material world that  chains us all.  Unfortunantly, Tyler expands his quest to unchaining more  and more people, until massive and ludicrous terrorism throws Norton into a  plot that threatens society entirely, and places Norton on the other side  of the world we all take for granted.  Collectively, this film was  amazingly written, directed, acted, filmed, and produced to create one of  the most misunderstood and underrated films of the decade.  See this film  for everything it can offer you-which I garuntee heartily is a lot.
B00001OH7V|5.0|When U2 released their excellent `Achtung Baby' CD in the early 90s, critics and fans alike praised the &quot;new&quot; sound, admired them for their risk-taking, and generally fawned over the rock/electronica mix.   Obviously Bono and the band were instrumental in this, but were it not for  Brian Eno's influence and presence, it's unlikely if this album would have  emerged as the great collection it did.  Also, those who lauded this  collaboration as groundbreaking need only to go back 20+ years to Eno's  work with David Bowie with the Low/Heroes/Lodger trilogy to see that they  were doing it back then.  <br />This (`Heroes') album marks the pinnacle of  their trilogy in my mind as I find it to be much more accessible than the  dark (but brilliant) `Low' and not as (forgive me) odd as `Lodger'.  The  most recognizable track on the album, &quot;Heroes&quot; is still a  wonderful song.  &quot;Joe The Lion&quot;, &quot;Sons of the Silent  Age&quot;, and &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; are other highlights of the  non-instrumental pieces.  <br />However, side B is the true gem of this album.   The combination of &quot;Sense of Doubt&quot;, &quot;Moss Garden&quot;,  and &quot;Neukoln&quot; are some of the most beautiful and haunting  instrumental work that Bowie and even Eno have produced.  These three songs  surrounded with the non-instrumental &quot;V-2 Schneider&quot; and  &quot;The Secret Life of Arabia&quot; make for a spectacular 20 minutes of  music.<br />If you're just starting to dabble in Bowie's work, this is  definitely a good starting place.
B0000089N1|5.0|I bought this album a few years ago and loved it so much that I couldn't quit playing it. The album has no bad tracks at all, and each one will send you off on an emotional journey that culminates at the end with  &quot;Waking Up Beside You.&quot; That song alone is reason enough to buy  this album. Last month, I bought one of the new &quot;HDCD&quot; compatible  CD players, and noticed that this particular CD was recorded in that  format. I popped it in, and was amazed at the new depth and clarity that I  was listening to. Your ears will be amazed, guaranteed! Buy this album!
6305078564|5.0|The first time I saw this film, it was in English Class in 11th grade. Prepared to be bored out of my mind, I was totally shocked by this wonderful story. I anticipated it each day and even came to school sick so  as not to miss it.  I laughed, I cried, and I fell in love.  And it wasn't  just me.  Everyone in the whole class loved it...even those guys who were  planning to sleep through it.  I ran out and read the book, which was even  better.  Jane Austen's style was so modern and hillarious you could almost  call it impertinent.  Believe me folks, watch this one and you'll be  speaking with an accent and waiting up for your Darcy or Lizzy!
B00003CXDV|5.0|Galaxy Quest has topped all expectations for a great parady.  And thats what it is.  From Tim Allens character showboating to the unbelievable &quot;odds against us&quot; flow that moves through the film at breakneck  speed.  If Shatner and the rest of the crew from Star Trek don't get a good  belly laugh out of this film, it will be because it hits too close to home.   <br />I know that my children and I did.<br />Great job to the folks at Dream  Works.  You've done it again.
0767821769|5.0|This movie was sooo sad!  It also had some funny parts.  I don't agree that Julia Roberts and her new husband didn't show affection.  What about when the girl says she saw them taking a shower together?
B00003CWL5|5.0|This movie was the best movie i have seen.I like Kevin Spacey as an actor and knowing he was in this movie i wanted to see it.THen when i saw all the other actors and actresses in this movie i realized they did a good job  too.This movie i liked so much because it resembeled my life.My family and  i cant get along.I then decided to change by how Kevin Spacey does in the  movie.I am a freshman in highschool and i'm now going out with a 7th grader  you know why because i like her and i dont care what other people say.Kevin  Spacey sends a message out in this movie to do stuff that makes you happy  and thats what he did.The day this movie comes out i'm buying it.I recomend  everyone to see this.This was a masterpiece!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I have seen almost all of Hayao Miyazaki's films, and this appears to be one of the best! I first heard about it at The Anipike, went and saw it at the theater, and bought it on DVD.The sound and picture quality are  excellent! The story is very moving, and really expresses the struggle  between man and the environment. I have watched this movie countless times,  both in Japanese and English. I would reccomend this movie to anyone who is  a Miyazaki fan &lt;Grave of The Fireflies, Kiki's Delivery Service, My  Neighbor Totoro&gt; or to anyone who's in the mood for a great anime  feature!  Now go, my pretties, go! See and but the movie!
6304994540|5.0|Although there are already close to 200 reviews for this movie here, I love this movie so much that I have to add my own two cents.<br />Everything about this film is absolutely brilliant. The dialogue (the main drawing  point), the cast selection (which is flawless), the scene shooting... One  fascinating aspect of this movie is that the humour goes from being subtle  to over the top in the same scene and they're both equally effective. The  dialogue is fast-paced, but after you watch it a few times, you begin to  pick up the subtleties within the film. <br />Another thing, many people  complain about the plot being too weak, but this is more than just another  kidnapping plot. The actual plot itself is quite complex, and only after I  watched the film many times did I have a cohesive idea of what happened.  <br />This is most likely THE funniest movie I have ever seen. A lot of the  humour is subtle, but totally hilarious. The funniest main character (in my  own humble opinion) would have to be Walter. Maybe because the character  reminds me of some aquaintences of mine, but he is just so bizarre yet  believable at the same time. <br />As for my favorite supporting character, I  think I'd have to go with the popular opinion and choose Jesus. This  character is the funniest thing I've ever seen. His whole demeanor is just  classic. Cocky and perverted. <br />There are so many sub-plots in TBL that  it's neccesary to watch it over and over again to fully absorb it. And  after you do that, you'll still watch it over and over just for sheer  enjoyment.  This is the only movie that my entire cirle of friends has  embraced. <br />One more thought....notice how most of the reviews here for  TBL are either five stars or one? I guess this just seperates those who  &quot;get it&quot; from those who don't.
B0000028RR|5.0|rage against the machines 1st album is probably their best. Bullet in the head is the best song and if you don't like it I suggest you go to hell
0141301066|4.0|Matilda is a girl who has powers that no-one else has got. Shecan move things with her eyes. Matilda's parents ( Mr and Mrs Wormwood)are not very good parents and they treat her like dirt ! But Matilda gets her own back in the end as you will know if you have seen the film. The book is quite different to the film, but I prefer the book.
B0000028RR|5.0|rage against the machines 1st album is probably their best. Bullet in the head is the best song and if you don't like it I suggest you go to hell
0679746048|5.0|I could really relate to this book. That could be kind of scary since it took place in a mental hospital... It was a really good story though. It gave me a different view of something I never really thought about. I read  it after seeing the movie. There were several major differences between  them, so seeing the movie does not mean you know the story. I like both of  them a lot. I highly reccommend this book to anyone who's ever felt a  little insane.
B000002LR3|5.0|My second favourite record ever - just behind The Stone Roses' debut. I seriously want my children born to this music.
B000003BF4|5.0|First, a disclaimer.  I love live recordings (bootlegs being the exception).  I love the energy and interplay between the artist(s) and audience.  This record starts off introducing &quot;the Greatest  Rock-n-Roll band in the world&quot; and such intro is well-deserved.  This  is the Stones at the top of their game.  Keith and session man turned bad  boy, Mick Taylor, slice and dice on this like no tomorrow.  The power is  evident from the first chords of &quot;Jumpin' Jack Flash.&quot;       Mick  Jagger shines on this record.  It is easy to dismiss Mick Jagger as being  too posey and too much the jet-set. But not on this one.  On this record,  the Stones, and Mick in particular, are just plain nasty and malicious.   Mick doesn't prance, (that painful video of he and David Bowie comes to  mind) but stalks and snarls.    To find out why the Stones were great, look  no further than this one.  This record is indispensable.
0553213105|5.0|I have read this novel several times, peeling away the layers looking for new meaning. As someone else stated earlier, P&amp;P is not Austen's deepest work; however, it still contains many levels of meaning.  Superficially, there is the charming and *credible* romance. As one digs  deeper, one can find lessons on how to read properly (as Elizabeth learns)  as well as the layout of a new meritocracy based not on rank, but taste and  intelligence. This is not a bland love story, but a quiet, faintly smiling  attack on pride, tastelessness, vanity, prejudice and obliviousness. The  portrayals of Mrs. Bennet, Caroline Bingley and Lady Catherine de Bourgh  are masterpieces of sweet viciousness.<br />Overall, Austen's late 18th  century (*not* Victorian) work is a lovely balance of comedy and  commentary, romance and drama. Fun, witty, but not swoony or saccharine,  Pride &amp; Prejudice should please all but the most proud &amp; prejudiced  reader (or the utterly unintelligent), for it is a charming novel, near to  perfection.
B000002N25|5.0|I first listened his work in Japanese guitarman's concert. His name was Kanji Ohmura. Through him I came to know he instrumental music the theme of &quot;Local Hero&quot;[soundtrack of Motion Picture, Yes, Movie itself was  pretty nice one].  Actually I know nothing about Dire Straits, and I  expected other &quot;Local Hero&quot;s from this CD. I was wrong. It is  different from it. But same in profoundly deep spot in the heart. His  message from disc is, I believe, 'love your family, homeland,  yourself.'<br />Especially I like 'Rudigar' and 'Are We in trouble Now?' (What  a lovely song!). Irisf fiddle and whistle and harp sound good, too. If  you'd like to get old beautifully, you'll like it.
0671042858|1.0|This is a book that I picked up in the airport the other day and read on my flight.  It's the first time that I've ever read King and I was thoroughly unimpressed.  I would have to believe that this book does not  reflect the talent that made him so famous.<br />At no point during my reading  did I feel any sense of suspense, fear or terror.  The message of the book  was great but I still have to give this a low rating because King's intent  was to write a book that would give you the chills as well as tell a  message, and in the end it didn't happen.  This wasn't even a  &quot;fun&quot; book to read (which is what I was looking for when I picked  it up).<br />When I finished the book I felt like King should have just kept  this story to himself as a practice writing.  It seems like he's reaching  for a different style and hopefully this book will get him there - but I  don't think it deserves to be sold to the public without some more work and  effort.  If I had written this book exactly the same, word for word, it  would not have been published.
B00000FBRE|4.0|This is not the best lagwagon album. Each song sounds the same , and it reminds me too much of Blink 182 ( ugh! )
0380730405|5.0|This book held me captive after finally getting through the first chapter, which is particularly boring. The symbolism of Manderly was actually the thing that intrigued me the most. I would recomend this book to any female  who believes they are only ordinary and there is nothing special about  them. This novel makes you realize there could be some one who thinks of  you like Maxim thinks of the narrator.
0312243022|3.0|Okay, I get the Virginia Woolf homage, but for crying out frickin' loud, the three women illustrated in this novel are poster girls for a Woe is Me sobfest. For me, this was distracting.  On the bright side, Mr.  Cunningham's flair for the adjective was worth the read.
0671510991|5.0|Surely Dr. Kissinger is the only man alive who can speak of Richelieu, Bismark and Reagan in the same breath with credibility and authority. <br />The only other worthy historical accounts I've read written by such a  key protagonist are by Churchill. <br />Kissinger is the ultimate proponent of  Realpolitik, an overused and ill understood concept that  he illuminates  well by placing it in historical context. It rests on the premise that  personal morality be kept distinct from the principles which guide  statesmanship - and that ultimately we're all better served by this.  Clouding the two will too often lead to a powerful state, such as the US,  overextending itself and failing to meet its goals. Kissinger shows that  this has been true for centuries.<br />The tragedy of the book is that it was  written when it was. I'd love to read more of Dr. Kissinger's analysis on  US and European policy in Somalia, the former Yugoslavia, and towards the  former Soviet Union in the era of Chechnya. He would likely advocate a far  less activist stance - but how would he reconcile this with the high  profile given to the moral dimension by CNN and the world media?<br />It's  time for a prescription for democracies in the age of the internet and  satellite TV. Still, Diplomacy is a great read - I had intended only to dip  into it, but found myself unable to put it down.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I have been and still am a long time huge fan of MetallicA.  When they came out with Load/ReLoad most of the fans were dissappointed.  However, I was not.  These albums showed a slight change in their music, there was no  &quot;speed-metal.&quot;  Garage Inc continues with the change but is all  around solid.  Hetfield has great vocals, the guitars a very  clean-sounding, and Newsted's bass is loud and clear, unlike the first  albums where they were having trouble getting Cliff's bass to project.  The  first disc contains the new recordings, the second disc is a great  collection of the covers that they have done in the past. This album is  another solid step that MetallicA has taken.  P.S.-If Hetfield, Ulrich,  Hammett, or Newsted ever reads this: I know all of your songs on guitar, we  should jam sometime.
0780629450|5.0|Branagh has achieved an astonishing success in bringing the complete text of Hamlet to the screen. His is an accessible production of what many consider to be mankind's towering artistic achievement.<br />The real joy of  Shakespeare is not, as too many suppose, in the poetry - \\"words, words,  words\\", as Hamlet mockingly says - great though it is. Rather, it is in the  way that the poet shows such incredible perception into the depths of  personality. Indeed, a recent bestseller asserts that Shakespeare literally  \\"invented\\" the human.<br />What Branagh has done well is let this perception  shine through on the screen. Dishonest politicians, \\"their virtues else, be  they pure as snow... do in the general censure take corruption\\"; wars fought  over tiny scraps of land, leading to \\"the imminent death of twenty thousand  men... [who] fight for a plot... which is not tomb enough and continent to hide  the slain\\"; crisis piling upon crisis, so \\"when sorrows come, they come not  single spies but in battalions\\"; and shattered dreams of love - \\"I did love  you once...  you should not have believed me\\". These insights surely are for  all time.<br />The great setpiece is the close of part I, with the soliloquy  \\"How all occasions do inform against me/ and spur my dull revenge\\". Hamlet  stands alone, in close-up, speaking softly; his voice rises in frustration  as the camera pulls back to reveal his solitude on the frozen tundra; then  he is a speck on the icy landscape, bursting his lungs with a defiant  challenge to God and to himself: \\"from this time forth/ my thoughts be  bloody, or be nothing worth!\\".<br />The eclectic choices of casting do work  rather well, from Charlton Heston and Robin Williams to silent parts for  aging thesp John Gielgud and ageless British comic Ken Dodd. Kate Winslet's  Ophelia is superb, in sanity and in madness. The film's visual design (set  in the Duke of Marlborough's castle, where Churchill once lived) and score  are also worthy of their subject matter. Branagh should, however, have put  his vanity on hold for long enough to engage an experienced cinema director  to take the reins rather than take control himself. If nothing else, the  sequences featuring Brian Blessed's ghost have special effects and  photography no better than those in Olivier's 1948 film.<br />None of this  detracts from a film which will stand watching again and again, true to the  text of a monument to genius
B00000G3PA|1.0|Seriously, how on earth did this movie get to be in the Criterion Collection?  It's god-awful.  First of all, special mention for the direction.  A high school film student could direct this film better, I kid  you not.  In the films numerous action sequences, Michael Bay gives you  absolutely *no clue* as to what the hell is going on.  And in the entire  film, I don't think that there were more than two shots that lasted five  seconds, I kid you not.  Also deserving mention is the plot, which made me  think how ironic it was that two of the *actors* in the film had won Best  Screenplay Academy Awards (Ben Affleck and Billy Bob Thorton, if you didn't  know).  Certain plot elements that confused me: why did NASA so readily  agree to having the entire fate of the world rest on the shoulders of a  bunch of untrained oil drillers?  Why did they mount gatling guns on small  vehicles meant only to drill holes in an asteroid?  If Ben Affleck  &quot;has always been like a son&quot; to Bruce Willis, why did Willis try  so damned hard to shoot Affleck at the beginning?  (Don't tell me he was  missing on purpose; it was a double-barrelled shotgun at close range,  missing by maybe a foot.  And he reloaded.)  Oh, and what possible effect  is one nuke gonna have on an asteroid the size of Texas?  Other than  that...no, actually the plot still sucks other than that.  The actors  themselves are...well, I guess they're fine, considering they don't do  anything.  Steve Buscemi makes smartass comments, but that's it as far as  personality goes.   Ugh.  I could go on, but I shouldn't.  Just rest  assured that there is no reason to see this movie.  I thought, when I saw  it, that it would be funny if it was bad, but frankly, it's way too long.   All things considered, this movie makes Ed Wood look like a talented  filmmaker.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|As mentioned above, if you don`t have any Phil Collins albums, this is the perfect starter.  It has all the hits you will recognize, and a few that weren`t quite chart-toppers, but still pretty good.  Phil isn`t one for  concept albums (Both Sides the possible exception), so you don`t lose  anything by getting a compilation CD like this one.  It, like his albums,  is good for any mood because of the emotional variety in his songs.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Kevin Smith is an excellent film director. Clerks, his student film is a perfect example of this.  Shot at night, this black and white masterpiece hides that fact because you are too busy passing out from laughter....that  and the shutters are down and you can't see outside.  The film doesn't have  much of a story, but it doesn't matter, it's a character driven film.  The  dialogue is very natural and true to itself. The DVD extras are good and  even the alternate ending is fine, and somewhat ironic.  If you loved any  of Kevin Smith's other films, get this one, you wont be disapointed.  Note  that in the credits, Smith promises that Jay and Silent Bob would return in  Dogma, Smith's most recent film.  And if you didn't know, Silent Bob is  Kevin Smith himself.
B00002R0MC|5.0|This box set is a perfect addition to your collection no matter what your music style is.  Contains great live and rare recordings.  Disc 4 has the best version of &quot;Redeption Song&quot; ever, with nice sounding bongo  drums.  Disc 2 has an outstanding &quot;Accustic Medley&quot; of several  songs with just Bob and his guitar.  Disc 1 is jivin old school, early Bob  Marley.  You've got to be a crazy baldhead to not enjoy these 4 albums.
0140283587|4.0|Like many British school leavers from his country, Dave feel heshould go somewhere dangerous before he starts at university. India isnot his choice though, he merely follows Liz who he hopes to have sex with. What follows is a well-written satire on Brit backpackers in India. Dave suffers from the heat, gets stoned...etc. etc. I guess it wasn't too awfully difficult to write this book - just go round a Students' Union in England and tape the stories people tell: Everything was &quot;amazing&quot; of course, and the travellers come back a completely different person - though what exactly makes it amazing and in what the character change consists of would be asking too much. Sutcliffe is excellent on the pointlessness and shallowness of it all.<br /> Somewhere in the middle of the book, Sutcliffe has Dave meet a journalist who tells him: &quot;it's not hippies on a spiritual mission who come here any more, just morons on a poverty-tourism adventure holiday. Your kind of travel is all about low horizons dressed up as open-mindedness.&quot; Dave with all his would-be cynicism is a perfect example of this class of travelers. <br /> Some cheap shots cost the book its fifth star. If you loved to hate the post-hippies in Alex Garland's &quot;The Beach&quot;, you should go for &quot;Are you experienced?&quot;
6300213714|4.0|This 1979 Walter Hill Film is said to be based upon a real Coney Island street gangs events. The ficticious gang the Warriors heads on the Subway to the Bronx from the most distant part of Brooklyn to meet the head of a gang named (Cyrus). Once in a Bronx Park, Gang Leader (Cyrus) preaches that if every gang in the city would unite, they could take over. During this speech Cyrus get's shot and a Warrior member is accused of the murder. Mayhem then breaks loose as Cops move in and the Warriors have to make it back to Brooklyn via Subway with all gangs hunting for them. Thus begins the urban nightmare when trains had graffitti and gangs fought with bats and switchblades. If this story is based on some real experinces the real gang from Coney Island were truly Warriors. For those unfamiliar 28 miles on the subway in the middle of the night with the cops and gangs chasing you makes the wild west seem like Disneyland. The plot is silly but the movie makes up for it with it's comic book like action and the ability to touch the fear of any urbanites. From gangs made up wearing Yankee Baseball Uniforms to Gangs on Skates the chase scenes are great. An emotional statement accompanies a suprise ending. This movie was a sleeper, partially because theatres would refuse to show it due to it's instigation of violence. As I was growing up not far from the movies origin I was put under the impression that this story depicted some true experiences. No gang related film ever came close to this urban rollercoaster ride.
6300184064|5.0|Filled with deep symbolism and dark humor, &quot;Brazil&quot; is a dynamic movie that, in Terry Gilliam's words, is not about the future, &quot;but the present.&quot; There are some moments of sheer genius in this film. One  is the restaurant scene in which a terrorist bomb explodes on the other  side of where some characters are eating. The unharmed patrons pause for a  moment, then, unblinking and without turning, go back to their meals and  conversation. The musicians, some slightly charred, resume playing. And,  capping it off, Sam's youth-obsessed mother, Ida (the divine Katherine  Helmond) says to her friend, &quot;What were we saying?&quot; as workers  scramble to set up a screen so that the dying and burning cannot distort  the lovely view. This is Grade-A commentary on the way civilians ignore  horrible crimes because of their commonplace occurrances. It often takes a  presidential assassination, a bombed federal building with millions trapped  inside, a downed airplane lost at sea, a Columbine High School, a Titanic,  or a towering inferno to make everyone look up for two seconds before you  hear them say &quot;Oh, God, is that STILL in the papers?&quot; Another  shining moment is actually several moments. Ida's gruesome but intriguing  plastic surgery, along with her increasing youth throughout the picture,  goes up alongside her friend. This friend, visiting an &quot;acid  man,&quot; rapidly deteriorates throughout the film until she is a nasty,  gelatinous mess, tipping its hat (so to speak) to the Beverly Hills  facelift crowd. The other great achievement is the repeated appearance of  forms. Forms, forms, you can't repair a wire, or even get another form,  without one. Beauracracy is another great target of &quot;Brazil.&quot;  This is one film not to be missed, but will only be understood even  slightly, unfortunately, by painfully few (not even Roger Ebert got it. Ha!  Imagine that!). Still, it deserves to be noticed as one of the greatest  films ofmodern years.
6300213749|4.0|You may not have known much about Eddie Murphy in 1982. He just started Saturday Night Live and hadn't released any comedy videos yet, but this movie launched his stellar career. Nick Nolte who was known but not for  leading cop roles plays a tough hard straight detective who meets up with  convict Eddie Murphy and his irreverant attitude. Nolte wants to find  (Gans) chain gang fugitive, cop killer and seeks help from convict Murphy.  Murphy only agrees to help if he can work with Nolte on the outside.  They're given 48 hrs. Innovative plot which leads to a bunch of one liners,  put downs and funny suprises. The chemistry works well. Walter Hill  director (The Warriors) brings in some real good character actors as  villans. Violent scenes are realistic and memorable funny moments. The use  of everyday by the book cops, hotel clerk bimbos and bar rednecks are great  dressing for the humor, gun fights and serious action scenes. If you like  mystery thrillers this has all the suspense plus comedy. It's a must see!
6302797535|5.0|Hilarious beyond compare.  That describes &quot;Murder by Death.&quot;  Spoofing everyone from Miss Marple to Sam Spade, Charlie Chan to The Thin Man, and everyone in between, Neil Simon's script (outdoing such Simon  classics as &quot;The Odd Couple&quot;) is so far out there that one can  only fall in love with this movie.<br />Being a big fan of mysteries,  parodies, and all-star casts, this was the movie for me.  The whole cast  has a ball and hams it up to High Heaven.  I love David Niven and Maggie  Smith as Dick and Dora Charleston.  Smith especially soars, giving an  offhanded, almost nonchalant performance that leaves you rolling in the  aisles.  Elsa Lanchester is great as Jessica Marbles, and Estelle Winwood,  in a very small role, gets a few good lines as her senile nurse.  (Watch  for their entrance!)  James Coco is a comic riot as the always-hungry  Monsieur Perrier.  Peter Sellers is classic again as Inspector Wang (with  every line funnier than the last).  He has more proverbs than all the  fortune cookies in Chinatown: &quot;Treacherous road like-a fresh  mushroom...&quot;  Peter Falk is insane as really-not-quite-there Sam  Diamond, and Truman Capote gets in a fun cameo appearance as their puckish  host, Lionel Twain.  Smith, Coco, Sellers, and Falk shine.  But two of the  best performances are in rather small roles played by a pre-&quot;Star  Wars&quot; Sir Alec Guiness (so don't expect to hear the Force theme on his  entrance) showing his comedic talent as the blind butler, Bensonmum, and  &quot;Rhoda&quot; alum, the great Nancy Walker, as the deaf-and-dumb cook,  Yetta.  These two have some of the funniest scenes in film history, each  playing marvelously off the other's shortcomings.  (Watch for when  Bensonmun &quot;fires&quot; her--even holding the door open and pointing  out--while she looks on, bewildered!)  <br />The classic lines are everywhere.   Falk: &quot;I gotta go to da can.  Sometimes I talk so much, I forget ta  go.&quot;  Lanchester: &quot;Pardon my language, but it scared the ca-ca  out of me!&quot; Smith: (in response) &quot;You know, Dicky, I like her.  I  really like her.&quot;  Capote: (chastising Sellers' broken English)  &quot;IT!  IT!  Use your damn pronouns!&quot;  Perrier's driver: (About a  chocolate bar with almonds instead of nuts) &quot;The man at the store had  no nuts.&quot; Coco: (responding) &quot;He was short?&quot;  Sellers:  &quot;Look! Voice come from cow on wall!&quot;  But the best line in the  whole movie is when the butler has been gone for quite some time and not  returned with their meal, and starving Coco, in detective mode, says,  &quot;The most important question is: Where is the butler?  And why has he  not returned...(Screaming dramatically)...WITH OUR DINNER! &quot;<br />I was  in a murder-mystery play last year in which one character was a sendup of  Truman Capote; I loaned this video to the actor who had that part.  And  this week, I'm playing a role in Agatha Christie's &quot;Ten Little  Indians,&quot; in which Estelle Winwood (Ms. Marbles' nurse in this film)  originated the stage role of Emily Brent in 1944.  <br />This is a really fun  movie to watch on a Friday night with lots of friends--for even more fun,  watch it back-to-back with &quot;Clue!&quot;
B000001FCB|5.0|If there is a finer Brazilian vocal recording in existence, I haven't heard it yet.  Elis Regina is, simply, one of the finest vocalists of this century.  This recording is a tour de force of emotional nuance sung with  total conviction.  Her delivery of &quot;Retrato Em Branco E Preto&quot;,  an incredibly difficult piece of music, is nothing short of astonishing,  and if you think you've heard &quot;Corcovado&quot; before, listen to her  reading and forget everything you've ever heard.  Elis imbues several of  the tracks with the trademark relaxed, breathy, conversational sensuality  characteristic of the style (&quot;Triste&quot; is excellent), but she  explores so many levels of feeling over the course of the recording that  one is left breathless by the final notes of &quot;Inutil Paisagem&quot;.   I'm a jazz singer, and Elis Regina's emotional honesty and sensitivity of  phrasing are benchmarks toward which I constantly strive in my own  performances.  If you're a fan of fine vocalists, and you don't have  &quot;Elis &amp; Tom&quot;, don't miss the chance to add it to your  collection.
0792837614|5.0|I first saw this movie when my school did their own twisted take on it. The result was much too horrible to go into, but the movie was worth the whole awful experience. The whole cast is just great, especially (my  personal favorite) the great Rita Moreno as Anita. She did a slam-bang job,  especially in the &quot;A Boy Like That&quot; scene and the scen where  Anita is teased by the Jets. Terrific songs, most notably &quot;Cool,&quot;  &quot;The Jet Song,&quot; &quot;America,&quot; &quot;I Feel Pretty,&quot;  and &quot;Tonight.&quot; The dances are fiery and fierce; my favorite part  was the superlative mambo (the best dance number I've ever seen), namely  the cool part when the whole orchestra does that &quot;Dah-dah dah  da-da-dah-da...&quot; part and the Sharks step across the floor and sweep  the Jets out of the way. (You'll only understand that part if you've seen  it.) The &quot;Gee, Officer Krupke&quot; is unabashed fun, and the  full-cast version of &quot;Tonight&quot; is one of the most brilliant  pieces of music I've ever heard. Everything is so good, I can't find a bad  thing to say about it. As much as it sounds like a commercial, if you like  musicals, you'll love &quot;West Side Story.&quot; Oh, why not go for the  whole advertisement? 'Rent it today on home video.'
B00003CXDV|5.0|I LOVED the humor, but as it went on, I saw a REAL PLOTLINE developing! All of the cast actually WORKED on doing their charecters. And when 'Taggart' has to explian to Mathazarr the truth, I had tears in my eyes.  (but, back to the humor part.) Oh, and &quot;It's the simple things in life  you treasure.&quot; was GREAT! I would recomend it to anyone!
0375703764|5.0|This is a book that will blow you away with its originality and wonders.  It is typographically fascinating as text is sometimes upside down, crossways, or even limited to a word or two per page, but always as a  parellel to the story.  The breadth of the author's reading as reflected in  the footnotes and references is astonishing.   I could describe all kinds  of textual devices but suffice it to say, this is the most original and  fascinating book I ever have, or ever will, read.
0783225210|4.0|Doggone, but this movie works soooo much better with the cut material back in. Pace, character-- it all flows more smoothly. Still a flawed gem, but loads of fun with some killer set pieces. Toss out your video of the studio  cut, cleanse your memory, and then watch this. It's afilm not even remotely  deserving of the bad rap it's carried over the years.
1573226521|5.0|I read this in 1 day, I couldn't put it down. This book is great. It shows the depth of human character and how quickly good can turn bad so well that you often forget you're reading and feel like you are on the beach and  wishing like crazy you could get the hell away. <br />Must see the movie, even  if Leonardo Decaprio IS in it.<br />They should read this is school instead of  Lord of the Flies which so pales to The Beach that it is nearly invisible!
B00001QEE2|5.0|If people would stop looking for the movie they thought should be made and watch the one that Disney actually put together, they'd see what a great time they're missing. Greek grandeur? Godlike powerful swellness? You can  catch all the usual cliches in umpteen other flicks. This is better. No  Disneyfied cutesy-pooness. Terrific score with great performancse.  Hilarious villainy. Stylish animation that avoids all the usual visual  too-realistic cliches. Compelling drama to ground the humor. This flick has  everything Alladin does, but better! For my money, this is one of the best  products of the &quot;new&quot; Disney.
B000002J0B|5.0|Houses of The Holy is a great Zepppelin album. I would say it is one of their best, but all their albums are excellent. However, this album has no trouble keeping up with all the other great Zeppelin albums. This album was  the beggining of a new era for Zeppelin. This album would be the basis of  their sound for the next few years. The Song Remains The Same is an  excellent rock song. As usually, Page's playing is incredible.  Following  this is the glorious Rain Song, which is another great song. Over The Hills  And Far Away is one of my personal favorites by Zeppelin. This song  perfectly combines their folky rock side with their hard, electric side. It  is the centerpiece of the album. The Crunge is the weakest song on the  album, but it isn't bad. Dancing Days is another great rock song. D'yer  Mak'er is probably Zeppelin's only reggae song, but it works great. No  Quarter, although strange, is a very good song. The Ocean is another very  strong track that finishes the album perfectly. This album is a must for  Zeppelin fans. I wouldn't reccomend it as a starting place, but once you've  gotten into them, you'll love this album. I would start with Led Zeppelin  II, but this album would come soon after.
0553565915|5.0|Embraced By the Light is one of the most beautiful books on NDE that I have ever read.  Betty's amazing journey while she had \\"died\\" is truly extraordinary.  After reading this book and the 2 books by Dannion  Brinkley, I would have to say that I do not have a fear of dying!  Dying is  just the start of the next stage of one's life - not something to be  feared.  Our spirit lives on, and just sheds the physical body.<br />Our  society thinks of death and speaking of death as \\"taboo\\".  Yet Betty shows  us that death is beautiful and loving.  The love Betty experienced just  overwhelms you and her love comes through this book to you.  You cannot  help but cry.  There are many quotes in this book that you will definitely  want to write down.  This book will definitely change your life in someway  and bring great comfort for those you have recently lost a loved one.  Betty's life was forever changed because of this experience and her  awareness and love of God shines through.  It is amazing to me how many of  us were raised to think of an angry, vengeful and hurting God, yet this is  never seen by those who see God in the NDE.  Again, Betty is her own worst  judge as she reviews her life - not God or the light beings that she  meets.<br />Melvin Morse, MD, another author/pioneer in the NDE field wrote a  most inspiring introduction to the book.  He describes this book as \\"a  journey into the meaning of this life.\\"  He also states that this book  teaches us \\"that our own individual lives are important and filled with  meaning.\\"  Those returning back from NDE's bring back the simple and  beautiful messages - \\"Love is supreme. . .  Love must govern. . . We create  our own surrounding by the thoughts we think . . .  We are sent her to live  life fully, to live it abundantly, to find joy in our own creations, to  experience both failure and success, to use free will to expand and magnify  our lives.\\"<br />Once again, simple, timeless messages are brought back and  those are of love, kindness, service and forgiveness.  Nothing new, just  presented in a different way, through a different messenger.  As Betty says  of the \\"clearly expressed Savior's message, Above all else, love one  another.\\"<br />I cannot recommend this book enough.  I actually had to read it  two times to make sure that I did not miss anything!  It is glorious and  the scenes that she paints when she is in the Garden, is remarkable.  Passages of the book with stay with you, uplifting and encouraging you. You  will think of this book during the day, as Betty's words slowly sink into  your soul and ignite.  This book can and will have transforming effects -  it can't be helped!<br />Betty, even though it took you 19 years to share  these experiences with the world - I for one am glad that you did and the  difference you are making with others is astounding.  I cannot wait to read  your next two books!  Thank you. Thank you.re of love, kindness, service and forgiveness.  Nothing new, just  presented in a different way, through a different messenger.  As Betty says  of the \\"clearly expressed Savior's message, Above all else, love one  another.\\"<br />I cannot recommend this book enough.  I actually had to read it  two times to make sure that I did not miss anything!  It is glorious and  the scenes that she paints when she is in the Garden, is remarkable.   Passages of the book with stay with you, uplifting and encouraging you. You  will think of this book during the day, as Betty's words slowly sink into  your soul and ignite.  This book can and will have transforming effects -  it can't be helped!<br />Betty, even though it took you 19 years to share  these experiences with the world - I for one am glad that you did and the  difference you are making with others is astounding.  I cannot wait to read  your next two books!  Thank you. Thank you.
0553328255|5.0|When I was in 8th grade, I had to read &quot;Hound of the Baskervilles&quot; for class, and given the yawners we had been made to read otherwise, I wasn't looking forward to much from this.  I expected  another boring book by some dead English guy -- and boy was I shocked!  It  remains the best novel I've ever read, and I still return to it from time  to time.  After the PBS Holmes series with Jeremy Brett, I finally bit the  bullet and bought the entire collection, and it still surprises me how  great they are.  If anyone out there is curious but afraid of being bored  or wasting your money -- don't worry about that.  Just get these stories  and race through them and you'll be glad you did.<br />Another comment that I  have to make is Doyle's ability to write women characters.  A lot of  authors nowdays don't write good women -- they're either harpies, bimbos,  or doormats.  Doyle, this man from Edwardian England, writes people,  sympathetic or otherwise, and his female characters are very real and very,  very well done.  There aren't many authors that cover everything --  sensitive characterization, awareness of people in this world who aren't  just like them, an ability to put together a top notch plot, and the  ability to write REALLY well.  Doyle was one -- snag these stories and  devour them as soon as you can!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Went i put the movie in i was looking for a beat then up movie but what i got was a comedy, action, drama.  The first half of the movie is funny as hell.  The second half is more serious.  It was so good that i watched it  with my sis,who generly doesn't like these kind of movie one of my all time  favorites.  If you won't cause of what u heard u are way wrong this is an  American classic!
0156907399|4.0|I've discovered a little secret to reading Virginia Woolf -- it takes time.<br />It is practically impossible to read this book in little ten-minute spots, while watching television  or babysitting.  Don't try it; you'll end  up not liking it.<br />It needs your time.  Give it an hour with no  interruptions. Get a bag of pistachios and read.  Unplug the phone, turn  off the TV.  Read and don't stop.  Then you'll discover the joy of Virginia  Woolf -- for while her prose is tough, it is haunting, beautiful, and  real.<br />Once you've settled into it, you'll discover a wonderful book, a  tale of everyday life lived.  Both intensely personal and incredibly  universal, this book is life itself.<br />So, you want the real review.   Alright, it's the story of a beach house, where reside the Ramseys and  their various friends.  Mrs. Ramsey is a goddess and nearly everyone  worships her.  This is more fun to read than it sounds.  Lily Briscoe is a  painter trying to figure out what she sees and what she loves.  <br />There is  a brutal twist in the middle, and the rest of the book is coping with that.   No, I won't tell you what it is. Go read the book. It's great.<br />It's  about beauty, about the incredible tragedy of  time passing, about art and  the world, about love and marriage, about people.  It's not only a book  about life, it is a book of life itself.  <br />So maybe it's not written for  our 30 second commercial, read at the bus stop age.
0790729733|5.0|This movie is sheer brilliance in terms of craftmanship.  The sound, the editing, the cinematography are nothing short of awe inspiring. Just look at how brilliantly the editors seemlessy wove a combination documentary  footage, reenactment footage, and the actual realtime film into the actual  film. Just that alone makes it worth watching. You can't take your eyes off  it.  We all know that it is not all true, facts were twisted, estimated, or  flat out fabricated in this film for dramatic effect.  The thing is, that  could not be helped.  NO ONE knows what really happened except the ones who  planned and executed the assassination and they are probably dead and  buried.  Stone's film sticks to you and stays with you for days after  viewing.  It's one of those films that you can't wait to tell someone about  after viewing.  One hell of a film.
B000002TPS|5.0|Being a huge Metallica fan, I've always had this sort of bias against Megadeth.  I always thought of them as just an untalented copy of Metallica.  But, since I'm not prejudiced, I decided to give them a chance.   They are actually a great band.  This album is awesome, from start to  finish.  The guitar work is awesome, and Dave's voice (while not the best)  sounds pretty good.  I'd say my favorite is probably &quot;Victory&quot;.   This song has the titles of songs from previous Megadeth albums worked into  the lyrics.  That's pretty cool.  This is considered to be a sellout album  by some, but the same is said about Metallica, and both counts are wrong.   This album is great, there is no reason not to buy it.  While not as good  as Metallica (that's impossible), Megadeth are definitely an awesome band.
0684874350|5.0|What a depressing yet uplifting tale told from the eldest childs perspective (Mr Frank McCourt) narrating his families harrowing life in hilarious detail while growing up in Limerick, Ireland. <br />Dispite their  tragic circumstances, Frank and his brother (I hesitate to use family,  youll see why when you read this excellent story for yourself! ) manage to  rise above it all using humour and streetwise intelligence to see them  through.  Their Mother and Father never manage to cope well, both trying to  run from their problems instead of facing them, thankfully dispite all the  awful things they go through Frank is able to colour the greyness of their  lives with his brilliant mind.<br />Franks description of family and school  life is so funny that rather than weeping tears and bemoaning their fate  (and there was plenty to cry about!  believe me! )I was laughing instead,  this is a sure sign of excellent writing, that though you sympathise with  their circumstances, your able to laugh freely, even when their lives are  at their most desperate.<br />Thankyou Mr McCourt for this Depressing yet  wonderfully told tale of an Impoverished Irish/Catholic family (certainly  made me appreciate my own upbringing all the more! )BUY IT READ IT JUST  GET IT NOW! , ITS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
B000002B82|5.0|Wow, what a great album!  Ozzy is amazing!  You can't even pick out a favorite, all of these songs are great.  It's got awesome heavy songs and three incredible ballads.  Randy Rhoads is definitely missed, but no one  could listen to this and deny that Zakk Wylde was a great replacement.  If  you haven't bought this album, you simply must.  And, if you ever have a  chance to see him in concert, do it, it is amazing.  I've only seen him  with Sabbath and he didn't do any of this stuff, but it was still great.  If there's one thing you can say about this album, it's that it rules.  Amazing lyrics, amazing guitar, just amazing!  Buy now!  Oh, and if anyone  out there knows what A.V.H. stands for, please E-mail me and let me know.
6305513406|5.0|Being a huge TNG fan, I wasn't sure if I'd like this DVD. So, I got the first volume, having never really seen a TOS episdoe before. One word for you: wow! This DVD has a lot to offer! The screen quality was EXCELLENT and the music/audio portions were superb as well.  My only reason for limiting  the full 5 stars was the fact that you have to buy the volumes separately,  and not in one box set. (like the X-Files or Sex and the City's DVD's) Way  to go Paramount for allowing really cool merchandise to grace our eyes!
B00003003R|5.0|if anyone knows anything about guns, the first thing anyone says is that guns built their &quot;legend&quot; live! their studio albuns are just fantastic, axl is a great singer, slash a great guitar player, duff, matt  izzy and dizzy are great rythmically... it's a pleasure to hear their  studio albuns, but is much better to be in a stadium or even in a bar  listening to them. there we can see all the energy of guns n' roses and we  can feel the raw and sincere power coming from them!<br />live era was  necessary to show a little of true guns. LIVE GUNS! hope sincerely that  they rejoin  again and more albuns like this one (an d the others) are soon  availabe!
0684833395|2.0|This book is interesting but it is not one of the best books I have read. I found that Catch-22 was a slow moving book that often wanders aimlessly in many directions. However, this is a good bed time book for someone who  has trouble falling asleep
B0000046ZJ|5.0|I just got this CD, and I love it.  Very soothing and relaxing.  The emphasis is definitely on Getz; he plays over Oscar's piano, so it's more Stan Getz than the Oscar Peterson Trio.  If you're a fan of Getz, you'll  love this album.
0679805273|5.0|Somehow I'd gone through my whole life, a great fan of Dr. Seuss, without ever reading this book. It was wonderful to open it up and begin reading; it felt like reading a letter from an old friend. Dr. Seuss' magic doesn't affect everybody, but it sure gets me: the lovely rhythm of his verse, the  distinctive line of his drawings, the SEUSSNESS of it all. Hundreds of  years from now, when most of the past century's literary writers are  forgotten, parents will still be reading Dr. Seuss to their children, and  then reading it again when the tykes have fallen asleep.<br />A wonderful book  from a wonderful creator.
B00000373U|5.0|Elliott Smith is certainly one of the most talented and overlooked musical artists around these days and this is his finest effort so far. Elliott Smith is one of the precious few songwriters who understands that when it  comes to making beautiful music less is more. This album features one  understated gem after another arranged so that they work together in  perfect flow and harmony. An exceptional piece of work, a must have.
B000002LE6|5.0|Lovesexy is funky funky album! Every track on this cd is worth at least ten Word Online-shares! Prince's duet with Van The Man on Glam Slam is breathtaking! Especially when Vannieboy sings 'I will take you in my  oldsmobile'. The same oldsmobile by the way that was featured in the  Lovesexy liveshows and is now owned by Willem Dercksen! Other songs, I No  and Alphabet St. for instance, are instant classics, dealing with subjects  as heroin addiction and child prostitution. The refrain of Lovesexy - the  song: 'Love love love! Sexy Sexy Sexy Lexie!' is very spiritual! Well,  enough said: buy it, listen to it and copy it on a cd-r! Bye now, I've gots  to get funky!
B000002JST|4.0|There are 8 fast, furious played, raw, sinply mixed rock songs in this album. IT is AC/DC, with Bon Scott, progressing to stardom. The compositions are better, more uniform, and some great forever hits were  born in this one, like &quot;WHole Lotta Rosie&quot;.
B000002BYD|3.0|This is not as good as ten, which is the only other album of pj's I've heard so far. This seems more like a commercial between the last album and the next, or a preview if that makes any sense. THere is a lot of laid back  content, and after listening to it, it set me in a meditative state,  meditating on nothing in particular. If I had to rate each song, I'd say  they were all atleast good, but as a whole put-together album, it didn't  seem whole at all. =Do the Evolution= was probably my favorite track  because it was the most powerful to me. A few songs were like normal  alternative rock, but I think this album was less intense and extreme then  their normal sound, though it characteristically showed a lot of  creativity. It did grow on me a lot after putting it on a shelf and  rediscovering it a few months later. At times it sounded like they were  just playing one big slow goup of melodies that would break into big waves  of tempo, and at one point or another it sounded like spoken word over  background music. As an album it was good but not the same kind of genius  as ten. I would recommend it to fans of pj but not someone who is looking  for the kind of deep hard voice of ten, nor the hendrixy guitar leads. P.S  if you look under tribute albums to Hendrix here, you will find one of pj's  members under the credit listing.
B00004R99J|2.0|The idea of making a cartoon where the woman is not only a dumb woman (like &quot;CInderella&quot;, &quot;White Snow&quot;, etc..,but a person with pride and intelligence, beside the fact that this doenst have a happy  ending, was wasted by endless horrible songs. This is the cartoon made by  Disney with more songs Ive ever watched.!
6304119046|5.0|So Citizen Kane is, like, you know, the greatest film ever, considering it was made in 1941 and wow, they didn't have lasers then and stuff. And not even colour.<br />OK, I must admit that I am a bit too angry to be able to  review this film coherently, and I am only writing this to support the  excellent review from Blacksburg, which sums it all up.<br />However, I do  have one coherent point to make, and it is this - as a member of the Star  Wars generation (I actually prefer the Indiana Jones series), and a lover  of all the fun and the frolics of eighties and nineties films, I  nevertheless am aware that great stories have been told for quite a while.  Production techniques in all media are going to keep improving, and one day  film as we watch it now will be outdated by something I do not want to  speculate about.<br />On that day, only the truly enjoyable films, the  well-told stories with great acting, tense drama, riveting humour and  electric pace, whether super-quick or super-slow, will survive. No one will  care about the techniques apart from the scholars, and even they will only  feign interest. And I tell you, Citizen Kane will be among the forefront of  those that survive - Welles' direction, and his acting, are truly supreme.  I understand a bit about it having directed and acted myself, though never  at the same time - and I cannot work out how he did it so well. Oh yeah, he  produced the film too, but hey - why quibble over the minor points.<br />This  was his film, and not only did he conceive this great work of art, he  realised it by getting great actors (as he says - vaguely - in the  beginning - &quot;I'm only going to say this actor's name once - after this  film, you'll be repeating it over and over&quot;) and making them interact  beautifully. And as for the artistic aspects of this film - well, he  managed to create one of the very few films I have ever seen which are a  pleasure to watch once, and then a joy to watch over and over, study in  minute detail, and relish.<br />Ignore my intro - that is the angry young man.  If you have not watched this ever, all I am trying to say to you is that  Citizen Kane is a condensed epic - not as long as Gone With the Wind by any  stretch of the imagination, not as expensive as Waterworld...it is simply  beautiful, the highest compliment I can bestow on a work of art. Perhaps  such beauty is difficult to enjoy sometimes - but then again, patience is a  virtue which arguably reaps more rewards than any other. Greatest? -let's  just leave it at beautiful.y in  minute detail, and relish.<br />Ignore my intro - that is the angry young man.  If you have not watched this ever, all I am trying to say to you is that  Citizen Kane is a condensed epic - not as long as Gone With the Wind by any  stretch of the imagination, not as expensive as Waterworld...it is simply  beautiful, the highest compliment I can bestow on a work of art. Perhaps  such beauty is difficult to enjoy sometimes - but then again, patience is a  virtue which arguably reaps more rewards than any other. Greatest? -let's  just leave it at beautiful.
6305728437|4.0|At least!  An animated cartoon by Disney that deals with a serious theme. as a result, there are only two songs in the entire movie, and they are well chosen (for example, the one in the training). Murphy is amazing as  the Dragons voice.
B000002TQV|5.0|What more can you ask for in an album? I have read criticisms of this band (usually - &quot;too depressing&quot;), but they have rarely, if ever, mentioned anything derivative about the music. Not that I am suggesting  they pull it all out of the air - all the blues and rock roots are there.  But Radiohead succeed where many others have failed - in finding their own  expression within the largely unavoidable modern framework.<br />There is  definitely a Radiohead sound, and on this album it is at its strongest,  with the variation between haunting melodies (Fake Plastic Trees, High and  Dry, Black Star, etc.) and rocking - sorry to use such a bland word, but I  can't think of anything else right now - songs (the Bends, Iron Lung, etc.)  making for a consistently listenable album. There is not a weak song here.  Ironically, whereas such a thought would immediately lead to the comment -  &quot;excellent&quot; - this is different, because they make it seem so  easy. Listening to the album without interruption, you think - &quot;it all  works, and why not?&quot; And so, very much like Pink Floyd...but I don't  want to go into that, because I think their similarity lies solely in the  detail into which they enter for each album. Both bands have/had excellent  production sounds...and that makes a huge difference in separating the good  bands from the, um, excellent ones.<br />As for rewarding - absolutely. An  interesting comparison somewhere on this page with the London Suede - there  is certainly something in that...but I think Radiohead, especially here,  have a more general appeal. That is a strength - how can universal music  appeal mean &quot;selling out&quot;? It is also why I prefer this album to  OK Computer - it makes just that little bit more sense, musically speaking,  avoids the problem of bordering on the pretentious, and is a  straightforwardly excellent (again that word) musical experience.<br />In  other words? Very strongly recommended - you can almost buy this without  needing to listen to it. Unless you like only hip-hop, in which case you  might find the Bends a bit dull...(sorry)buy this without  needing to listen to it. Unless you like only hip-hop, in which case you  might find the Bends a bit dull...(sorry)
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is more than a well made sci-fi genre film, it questions the very essence of reality as we know it. I found it deeply spiritual and philosophical plus very exciting and great special effects rich :)
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I have never been a fan of much popular music, but I happened to see Savage Garden on The Tonight Show and was very impressed by the song they performed that night, Crash and Burn. On a lark, I bought the CD, and my  amazement continues.  What separates these songs from so much of what I  hear in most popular music these days is the emphasis on the melodic line,  combined with beautiful harmonies and thankfully free of in-your-face  deafening downbeats--everything is beautifully balanced and proportioned.<br />Darren Hayes has a pleasing, light voice, and Daniel Jones instrumental  contributions are polished amd well executed without trying to over-shadow  the vocals.  My favorite songs on this CD are Crash and Burn, Affirmation,  and I knew I Loved You.<br />Although this CD will never replace my set of  the complete Beethoven Sonatas with Wilhelm Kempff, this is wonderful music  on its' own terms.
B000002NAK|2.0|Who told Antonio Banderas he could sing? He can't. Madonna can but could only sing this score, one of Andrew Lloyd Webber's good ones (and they are becoming rare items), if Hollywood had it lowered for her. This does spoil  the balance of the musical, but Hollywood doesn't care about things like  that. They also gave her a song belonging to another character which makes  no dramatic sense whatsoever. Hollywood doesn't care about things like  that, either.<br />There are many recordings of the stage musical available.  Buy one of those instead.
0684135051|3.0|Elizabeth Zimmerman's popular book, Knitting without Tears, almost left me in tears.  It has very few illustrations, so if you are a visual learner, be forewarned. Although her instructions are clearly written, I found the  lack of illustrations frustrating.
0783226152|5.0|&quot;American Graffiti&quot; has to be one of my all-time favorite movies. I'm only 12 years old, but I know my mom knew what it was like back in '62. I saw this movie 5 times, and I got the picture how it was. I loved  the hot cars (especially John Milner's cute deuce coupe), and the sizzling  soundtrack. My favorite actor and/or actress(s) is Paul Le Mat, Ronny  Howard, Candy Clark, and Wolfman Jack. This movie was nominated 5 Academy  Awards including Best Picture, Best Director (George Lucas), and Best  Screenplay (Story), If you loved living in the glory days of rock 'n' roll,  get this movie! I know you'll love it!
B00000K19E|5.0|What can I say.  This movie is just incredible.   Great plot, crazy Science-Fiction, tons of action, and awesome special effects. When I started to hear of this movie from other people, I told myself that I  should see this movie. Then, when I finally saw it, I was amazed at the  quality of the movie.  Now I had to get that movie.  Still I love to watch  some of the coolest scenes when I can. If you like action and  Science-Fiction, this is for YOU!
0380789019|4.0|Found the paperback displayed in a bookstore; had never heard of the author and the book lay tucked away for several months before I decided to  read it and -- wow -- couldn't put it down.  I thought the story (fantasy)  original and enjoyed the characters.  Good, quick read for summer holidays.
0871137380|5.0|As a person whose closest experience to warfare has been watching 'Saving Private Ryan' I nonetheless found this book absolutely captivating and compelling.  You certainly do not have to have any familiarity with the  military to apprecciate the extraordinary human drama and fast-paced  narrative.  I found the book to be truly exceptional in portraying the many  different ways the soldiers psychologically dealt with combat and what was  happening to them.  All in all, a terrific book.
8185300453|5.0|After 30 years of reading spirtual books, starting with Autobiograpy of A Yogi, through Alan Watts and Krishnamurti, this is the most powerful, life-changing book I have ever found. My thanks go out to Dr. Wayne Dyer  for mentioning this teacher in his book, &quot;Your Sacred Self&quot; This  book will never leave my side for the rest of my life.Now I know how Moses  felt when he got a hold of those tablets for the first time! Study this  book with great intent and you will be free forever.
B00004RF98|3.0|I agree with those who say that Singing in the Rain is the best movie musical. My &quot;only 3 star&quot; rating is due to the fact that this product will have only the same tired-out 1:1.33 screen aspect of the  standard VHS version. Why bother?
B000002P5R|5.0|every track on &quot;first rays&quot; is unbeleavably powerful(even the ones that sound unfinsihed) and prove that hendrix was a genius with using the studio as an instrument. hendrix was a master at creating dense  atmospheres of cosmic sound with his numerous guitar overdubs that swirl  together with uncanny preciseness. &quot;room full of mirrors&quot; is  probably the best example of his overdub technique, though several others  also display astounding creativity. this album shows hendrix as a mature  musician that not's making commercial compromises for his record label  (&quot;purple haze&quot; was originally mixed down from over 12 minutes in  order to be sold as a single.) this album also showcases hendrix's unique  gift for lyric writing. &quot;belly button window&quot;'s lyrics are  humourous yet contain harsh social commentary from the point of view of an  unborn child peering out intom the world and wishing he can go back up to  &quot;spirit land&quot; instead of being born into this world. musically,  hendrix had adopted a more funky sound that added to the dramatic diffence  from the styles he had used on previous albums. if you have never listened  to hendrix, start here to understand why he is regarded as the most  comprehensive guitarist ever.
B000002OG8|5.0|I first heard this in 1973 and have been listening to it regularly since then without ever tiring of it. I saw &quot;Gladiator&quot; last night and my first thought was that the movie must have been inspired by  &quot;Argus&quot; with it's classical Mycenean Greek/Roman warrior theme.  Maximus' desire to return to his farm after years of battle was like a take  from &quot;Throw Down the Sword&quot;. The words of &quot;Warrior&quot;  seemed to be those of the Roman Soldiers at the beginning battle scene from  the movie as well as the Gladiators themselves. The Elysian Fields  references were reminiscent of &quot;Leaf and Stream&quot; (where earth and  sky will meet again). I strongly recommend anyone who has seen  &quot;Gladiator&quot; and liked it to get &quot;Argus&quot;. The bonus  track (&quot;No easy road&quot; or whatever it's called) was not on the  original albumn and is VERY out of place. This albumn has a very Homeric  theme to it and the music is superb. The dual lead guitar work  magnificently enhances the classical message. Although you don't get a good  view of it on a CD, the artwork on the cover is one of the all-time greats  with the Romanesque Sentry looking out over the valley and the flying  saucer landing in the distance - a timeless theme and message. After 16  years as a Naval Aviator and war veteran I often wonder about the degree of  impact &quot;Argus&quot; had on me as a young man in my path in life.
B0000062GE|4.0|I thought the music is really cool, though the lyrics are somewhat repetetive.  Overall the Cd is very good and would be great for prople who like the Hunger.
0395925037|1.0|I read this book out of curiosity.  Hitler sure knew his way with words. I sometimes had to stop reading and go take a look at the mirror, to be sure it is me, that he was talking about. I am that awful jew... Hitler was the head, the planner and the executer of the biggest genocide since we started  walking on two.  it is a shame for all of us that there are people who are  still believe in his theory. will we ever learn?
6305807086|5.0|This is hands down, the funniest film I've seen from '99. I wasn't sure anything could top &quot;Election,&quot; but Spike Jonze's &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is such a funny, inventive, revolutionary film, that it was  no surprise it affected me the way it did. <br />Ask yourself when was the  last time you saw a movie where every character felt completely real while  at the same time getting a feeling that you've never really met anyone like  this before. Well, that applies to every character in the film, and the  wonderful thing about it all is that they all compliment each other and  enhance the story enormously. <br />John Cusak is at the same time pathetic  and endearing, an artist who finds the zenith of his art in the unlikeliest  of places; John Malkovich.  Why Malkovich chose to back this project is  easy to see, Charlie Kaufmann's script is not about an actor, but about the  persona the actor projects. It could have been anyone, and yet the choice  of someone like Malkovich adds quirkiness to an already crazy  story.Catherine Keener and Cameron Diaz are wonderful. Keener can play cool  like no one else and Diaz is great in the role of sensitive Lotte.<br />The  film is visually stunning, the musical score is appropriately sullen and  magical. Spike Jonze created a world I'd never seen before and even more  incredibly, it made me really appreciate puppetry!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Everytime you listen to Creed, it gets better. Songs that i didnt like the first time, i now cant stop listening to. And the ones i have loved from the begining, have not gone old. It is the kind of CD that you could listen  to forever. If your thinking about getting this, dont hesitste.
B000008GEF|4.0|After &quot;All Things Must Pass,&quot; this is Harrison's best solo effort; as cohesive, thoughtful, and beautiful as anything he has done. Beginning with the gorgeous hit &quot;Give Me Love,&quot; the album flows  like a river through its Hindu introspections, hopes, fears, and prayers.  All the songs are carefully produced, and feature excellent musicians,  among them Ringo Starr.
0767849493|5.0|I have to disagree with the amazon.com reviewer's comment that &quot;Dogma&quot; was subpar.  I also part company with the reviewer who wrote that he couldn't imagine a fervent Catholic not being offended by the  picture (okay, maybe I'm not a fervent Catholic, but I enjoyed it).   <br />&quot;Dogma&quot; centers around the attempts of Loki and Bartlesby  (Matt Damon and Ben Affleck), two banished angels, who attempt to regain  entry into heaven by way of a loophole in church law.  Linda Fiorentino is  a dubious lapsed Catholic (who works in an abortion clinic, no less) who is  recruited by the angel of God (Alan Rickman in his funniest performance  ever) to stop them and thus save humankind.  In her travels from Illinois  to New Jersey, she is assisted by two two prophets (director Kevin Smith  and Jason Mewes), the 13th Apostle (Chris Rock) and a muse (Salma Hayek).   I did NOT think that Hayek stole the show here, contrary to the amazon.com  reviewer.  That distinction belongs to Mewes, who as a foul-mouthed stoner  of a prophet trying to cajole Fiorentino into sex kept me laughing myself  silly.  Additionally, I thought Alanis Morrisette was horribly miscast as  God with a silly smile plastered on her face, but these are minor  points.<br />Those who don't like or are offended by this movie probably don't  have much imagination or don't care to be inquisitive as to matters of  faith.  &quot;Dogma&quot; asks a number of &quot;what if&quot; questions  that seriously challenge conventional Catholic theology and in that measure  succeeds well as a motion picture.  For those who are uptight about the  message and satire of this movie, I say &quot;lighten up and enjoy!&quot;   This is comic genius at its best!
0782008372|5.0|Yes. The film, that created the Immortal franshine. The original &quot;Highlander&quot; film, starring Christopher Lambert and Sean Connery, the inspiration of the TV shows that came later, its simply a cult classic, with Christopher Lambert (in his BEST performance -along ith MK, HL:TS:TG  and HL:TFD- as the Highlander) playing a murning, depresed, lonely and  tragic hero, Connor McLeod, who must fight other Immortals, until the time  of the Gathering, and Sean Connery playing McLeod's mentor, Juan Sunchez  Villa-Lobos Ramirez (originally Tak-Ne, in the novelization of the film),  who learnes to Connor who to defend himself, to hide his special skills,  until the time of the Gathering. The Time of the Gathering has come (as The  Kurgan, McLeod, Kastagir and others thought, but they were wrong) in 1985,  and McLeod must face The Kurgan, to revenge the death of his mentor 450  years ago, and try to get him away from the Prize. I don't have nothing to  say. The film is a classic. I will only tell you that the Director's cut  was the the original movie, but because Bill Panzer (...producer)  thought that the scenes were  unusefull, he ordered Malcahy to cut it. What  a foolish move.....<br />One word: GREAT...
B0000039PW|5.0|i won't write for too long because i can't say anything that hasn't been said about this album plus i have to study for a final tomorrow afternoon. yet i started listening to this again recently, and i almost forgot how ill  this album was. it's like listening to a gangsta book on audiotape. and  puffy used to produce good, original songs. i don't know WHAT changed his  mindset on creativity. it was even apparent then on the vastly inferior  LIFE AFTER DEATH that puffy was getting a poppier angle on his beats. but  anyway. unbelievable, big poppa, machine gun funk, warning, the what, hell  they all tight. the only thing i wish would happen is that they re-release  it with the old one more chance remix and maybe the &quot;who shot ya&quot;  track, one of the best rhymes EVER. the old tupac argument always comes  with biggie. i feel both of the bruthas equally, but tupac never really had  a equally front-to-back strong album like this. he had MANY great songs  though. as far as greatest rapper ever, rakim still stands over all for  pure rawness. alright, y'all. i'm out.
0783244320|4.0|This movie is really cool.  If you can get past a few stupid parts (c'mon, every movie like this has got 'em) then you will really enjoy it.  <br />Tim Allen is perfect as the ego maniac ex-TV star of a cancelled sci-fi series  (a la Star Trek) who really does get to go &quot;where no man has gone  before&quot;.  The humor is good, although there are a lot of subtle  in-jokes that sci-fi fans won't pick up on.  Still, it is very funny.<br />The  most interesting thing about this film is that the writers were able to  actually craft an interesting adventure plot around the satirical humor.   Even the special effects are solid and impressive.  This is quite an  accomplishment for a comedy-based sci-fi film.<br />Sit back and enjoy a fun  and exciting adventure that the whole family will love!
B000002LCE|5.0|This album represents Dio's most mature work to date.  The arrival of guitarist Craig Goldy ushered in a departure from the speed style playing of Vivian Campell, and introduced a more mature guitar style that is very  pleasing to both professional musicians and lay music fans alike.  The  title track, as well as, &quot;All The Fools Sailed Away&quot; are two of  Dio's very best during his seemingly unending career. This is one of those  rare albums where every song is good and can be listened to.  It has  everything, from fast tempo tracks like &quot;Night People&quot;  to heavy  metal ballads such as &quot;Naked In The Rain&quot; and &quot;All The Fools  Sailed Away.&quot;  All in all, one of his best.
0767817443|3.0|The movie itself wasn't that bad....rather cliche'd but what movie isn't no days.  I just think it should have had a differnt title.....this wasn't godzilla as he should have been portrayed.  Godzilla never ran from a  fight, godzilla was more of a threat....let's face it this creature was a  wimp compared to the big G.  Watch the movie for fun....just don't expect  GODZILLA.
B000000993|5.0|undertow is a good cd. bottom is the best song. if you like metal bands mixed with melody then get tool.
0060976624|5.0|this book is a great read.  Smoker or non, you will laugh through the whole thing.
6304436408|5.0|This is a movie that oozes that non-descript term 'class', where every aspect of the movie-making process simply fuses together like it was just meant to be.  This is a true 'classic'.  Watch this film to lift your  spirits.  Although impossibly romantic, the story of two sisters in their  pursuit of love offers much hope to a 'dumpee' - they find love in the end  after all the hardship.  The basic message - that 'everything will be OK in  the end' - is as important today as it was all those years ago.  More  important: this movie inspires hope, whilst restoring faith in life.  The  acting is superb accross the entire cast, and the age difference between  the two sisters is perfectly apt - emphasising vividly the differences  between sense and sensibility.  However, I recommend multiple viewings to  fully appreciate the multi-layered depths of the leading, Academy Award  nominated performances from Emma Thompson and Kate Winslet.  The finely  executed, educated script is divine.  No Oscar-winning script has ever been  so polished or deserved before or since.  All this brought together by the  detail oriented direction by Ang Lee - who's outstanding work never diverts  attention from the story or characters.  Forget Braveheart - this was the  more truthful, moving and funny cinematic tour de force of 1995 - truly  deserving of the Best Picture Academy Award nomination - for excellence in  film - it should have won.
B000002O1Q|4.0|I got the CD (from Amazon) without knowing the songs I liked most (Nowhere fast &amp; TIWIMTBY) were from Steinman (Air Supply, Meatloaf, Bonnie Tyler, Celine Dyon).  Tho only one heard on radio was I can dream about  you.<br />I don't recall other songs by Fire Inc. but the 2 in this CD are  awesome pieces of art, the rest (besides I can dream about you) is merely  filling stuff.  Jim Steinman is a great composer, other  songs from him I  like a lot are I would do anything for love, Rock'n'roll dreams, Total  eclypse of the heart, Coming all back to me, Making love out of nothing at  all.  All lyrics give the feeling it comes from deep inside and seems the  heart is eager to tell them out loud, lead voice in Fire Inc. does that  very good.<br />It's a must have CD (not to mention the movie).
6305657939|4.0|The Thomas Crown Affair (1999) is one of those rare remakes, which lives up to the first. The first was made in 1968 with Steve McQueen. Now Pierce Brosnan is no McQueen, but does an excellent job, playing the ultra rich  Crown. Rene Russo has never been better in her perforance as the insurance  investigator trying to catch Cown, after he steals a painting worth  $100,000,000. But the nicest touch comes in the form of Faye Dunaway as  Crown's Shrink. Dunaway played the russo character in the original movie.  Worth a watch if your in the mood for a good film.
B0000024IE|5.0|This album takes the noise to a further level, it is an album with no pauses, with beats and lyrics that seem more sporadic (Welcome To The Terrordome) than the more straightforward but still original jams on PE's  first two albums.  The subject matter is again about empowerment, plus gets  onto the topic of Hollywood (Chuck is joined by Ice Cube and Big Daddy  Kane), AIDS, interracial dating, B-Sides vs. A-sides, the use of 33.3  records vs 45's, women's empowerment, 911, etc.  Different things are done  with the vocals making songs like Reggie Jax and BSide Wins Again something  special, Terminator gets disgusting on &quot;Leave this off your F**inkg  Charts,&quot; and Flav has two jams in 911 is a Joke and Can't Do Nothin  For Ya Man.  The beginning of the album is quite amazing, the intro  followed by Brother's Gonna Work It Out, my favorite jam on the album.   Overall, another classic PE album, more experimental than even Nation of  Millions was.
B000000P17|3.0|What the hell  did they expect us to hear, I bought this thinking that it would be filled with classics such as November Rain and not to mention Rocket Queen, Sweet Child o mine...... But now I hear Axl (probably)  braying on the speaker. Shame  on them. Waste o125rs...
B00003CWOL|4.0|When I saw &quot;Dogma&quot; in the theater, I was impressed. The movie was extremely entertaining, and I did not find it offensive in the least. With all the great extra features other Kevin Smith DVD's pack, I could  hardly wait for the day that &quot;Dogma&quot; was released on DVD.<br />The  DVD still contains the movie, but compared to the &quot;Clerks&quot;,  &quot;Mallrats&quot; and (upcoming) &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; discs, this one  is a let down. We get no commentary, no deleted scenes (and there were  MANY), no anything really, except the trailer.<br />Get the disc for the  film's sake, but don't expect any cool bells and whistles.
B000002I6T|5.0|For anyone who truly appreciates the scope, verve, and power of sixties music, this CD literally says volumes. Using an eclectic and heavily electric but dreamy LA sound base, an  approach that employed most of  southern (and northern) California's constellation of rock legends in  production, Crosby weaves a series of thoughtful, mystic, and mysterious  moods with this music. From the dreamy opening bars of &quot;Music is  Love&quot; through the fanciful strains of &quot;Cowboy Movie&quot; all the  way to the haunting strains of &quot;Laughing&quot;, he shows why he has so  many friends in the music business. All of CSN&amp;Y are here, appearing  alone or in combinations on individual song cuts. But this is most  emphatically not just another CSN&amp;Y album. Rather, this is an unusual  yet emblematic album that only someone as rarely gifted and as  countercultural as Crosby could take from conception, through writing,  production and performance for us. The shame is that it (the album) is one  of a kind.  None of his other works with Nash or CSN or CSN&amp;Y are as  striking or as unabashedly David Crosby. Buy it, spin it, and enjoy it.  You'll be humming the bars to any one of a number of the instrumentals like  &quot;Orleans&quot; for weeks.
0385483821|4.0|In today's business world there just isn't time  to sit back and casually look over the scene. Competitors can attack with little or no warning, the product that defines your company can become obsolete overnight. What Grove  describes so well in this book is the mindset that companies must develop  in order to thrive in this ultracompetitive enviroment. Managers must  obsessively examine possible threats from both outside competition and  internal complacency, either of which can doom a company.<br />A company that  is content to sit back and rest on its laurels is one that risks  destruction. The best companies, like Intel and Microsoft and Gillette,  work like crazy to develop great products and then work even harder to  develop the products that make their last one obsolete. They always keep  looking over their shoulder and worrying about who might be lying in wait  for them, and this attitude keeps them hungry and vigilent, and very  difficult to compete with. <br />Probably the one piece of wisdom that people  glean from this book is Grove's description of &quot;strategic inflection  points&quot;, times when the industry a company works within undergoes a  fundamental change. This is an important concept, but it's difficult to use  it as a managerial guide because, as Grove states in his book, you usually  don't know you're IN a strategic inflection point until it's been going on  for quite awhile. Companies that quickly understand the meaning of a  strategic inflection point and have the energy and intelligence to act  quickly and correctly can make huge strides against competitors who pause  too long. And that is where the paranoia of the book's title comes into  play. A company that is constantly questioning itself and its market is far  more likely to identify strategic inflection points and is far more able to  deal with them. And that is what managers who read this book should  definetly take to heart-- that complacency is a killer. If you snooze, you  lose.
0790749815|5.0|'North by Northwest' is the ONE Hitchcock movie no film lover's collection should be without! Suspenseful, funny, sexy, exciting, it works perfectly on so many levels that the film just gets better and better with repeated viewings!<br />The story is really quite simple; a successful New York ad executive (Cary Grant, in superb form!) is mistaken for an American espionage agent by a group of Soviet spies (led by the ruthlessly suave James Mason, and his aide, a youthful yet sinister Martin Landau! ), and a cat-and-mouse cross-country chase begins, culminating on top of Mount Rushmore. Along the way, Grant is ridiculed by his mother (Jesse Royce Landis, who is hilarious, if actually YOUNGER than Grant!), seduced by double-agent Eva Marie Saint (in the sexiest role of her career!), chased across a cornfield by a lethal cropduster (in one of the greatest scenes in film history!), and recruited into the intelligence community (represented by future 'Man from U.N.C.L.E.' boss, Leo G. Carroll!), while Bernard Herrman's unforgettable music punctuates each scene!<br />Yes, the film has it's faults and a few technical gaffes, but for sheer excitement and fun, you can't top 'North By Northwest'! Hitchcock and Grant both considered this to be one of their favorite films, and you'll fall in love with it, too!
630575067X|5.0|After 16 years of waiting to return to that great galaxy far, far away, we've finally arrived there. <br />This movie is the best movie of last year, while it was the least of the four Star Wars movies it had everything the  last trilogy did. A great story(good v.s. evil), spectacular sets and  effects(which I can't believe lost to the Matrix), cool  characters(especially the digitally animated ones), and fantastic  music(John Williams rules!).<br />I know a lot of you didn't like this movie,  let's take a look at some of the things you didn't like and examine them:  1. Jar Jar Binks. Get a life people! Find something better to do than make  fun of an imaginary character. 2. Anakin Skywalker. Sure Jake Lloyd's not  the world's best actor, but he's a heck of a lot better than some other  actors today. 3. The acting. I feel it had the exact same acting feel as  the other movies. 4. The plot. There wasn't just one plot, there were  several different subplots. I rate this movie up with the other three.  That's my story and I'm sticking to it. If you want to see a very fun movie  filled with podraces, space battles, and lightsaber duels or just want a  really fun movie. Check this one out now!
006016848X|4.0|Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus, by John Gray, is truly a great way to learn more about yourself and the opposite sex.  I would rate this book 4 stars.  One, complaint I had with it, was the book was too repetitive.  This can be useful sometimes, but it gets old after a while.   Also, it was very challenging to me as a reader, at least not as much as I  thought it would be.  The truth behind it is so true it is scary.  When  reading about the women, I found myself nodding all the time, in agreement.   When I read bits and pieces to a couple of guy friends to get their  opinion.  They kept saying exactly.  My step-dad even quoted the book,  without reading it, about a guy's point of view.  It is a very helpful  guide to relationships that I think everyone in any type of relationship  should read.  You may even learn something about yourself.
0783117388|1.0|Allegedly comic adventures of fluff-brained magazine writer and her ghastly friends on the search for a trophy husband in the ritzier neighborhoods of New York.  The cast includes such likeable people as Sarah  Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, and Chris Noth, but they are playing the sort  of yuppie scum who should be sterilized at birth, lest they reproduce.  I'm  not even sure that this film could speak to real-life yuppie scum--even  they have a greater capacity for love than this crew . . .
B000009QPE|5.0|A lot of bands try to copy the style of Slayer, like Cannibal Corpse, but they can't even compare when it comes to the kings of death metal, Slayer.
B000002INR|5.0|First off anyone who calls Skid Row a big hair glam band doesnt know a damn thing about 80s rock. They had a look of a grunge band before grunge was popular and they wore no cheesy spandex or make up.I would compare them  to a more poetic version of Guns n Roses. This album is probably the  greatest of 1989 and one of the greatest of 80s metal period. songs like  &quot;18 and Life&quot; and &quot;I Remember you&quot; are great melodic  songs but the song that is worth waiting for is &quot;Youth gone wild  &quot; it is the ultimate party song. So damn it quit complaining about the  80s and buy this cd.
6300216403|4.0|I have loved this film since I saw it at the age of 7! Tatum O'Neal is wonderful, as are all the cast. Kudos to Madeline Kahn and Ryan O'Neal. Great nostalgic atmosphere. I loved the 30's tunes and 'Jack Benny' off the radio. The character of Imogen is a hoot! There are so many great scenes and quotable dialogue (\\"Yes, Miss Trixie\\", \\"This little girl give me a fi' dollar bill and I giv'er change!\\", \\"Of course ya' know everything is in the bone struct'cha...\\"). I never get tired of seeing this one!
0790729725|3.0|This is probably my favorite movie of all time, BUT they screwed up with the DVD edition BIG TIME!  The sound quality is great, but here is my big problem: WHY DO THEY DIVIDE THE MOVIE INTO 2 FREAKIN PARTS ON THIS DVD?   'CASINO' IS AVAILABLE ON A 1 SIDED DVD!   YOU HAVE TO GET UP &amp; TURN  OVER THE DVD, AND I WOULD HAVE INVESTED IN A LASER DISC FOR THIS TYPE OF  INCONVENIENCE!  At any rate, I sold my DVD, and hopefully they will come  to their senses &amp; re-release this classic movie.Until that happens,  keep your video tape!
B000002OZY|5.0|My sister introduced me to this album at the tender age of 10. The film version of \\"Tommy\\" had just come out, and I wanted to know the story. Well, the music blew me away, and has remained one of my all-time favorites till today! The visual imagery created by the Overture is spectacular! Pete Townshend shows creative genius in terms of layering different styles and moods throughout the story of Tommy and his Amazing Journey. The album cover itself displays a surreal quality that captures the entire feel of the character's inner search. Sadly, the film version of \\"Tommy\\" really distorted most of the work's finer moments and in trying to be outrageous cheapened the beauty and intricacy of the music. Stick with this original; it's a classic!
B00001OH7Y|5.0|This was the second Bowie album that I bought.  But I would have to say that it is one of the best albums I have ever bought.  I was really happy with Ashes to Ashes since the first album I bought was The greatest hits  volume 1.  It was nice to have an update on how Major Tom was doing. You  cannot go wrong purchasing this album.  Start to finish it is very complete  and I cannot gripe with one song on the album.  I do believe however the  best song is It's No Game part 1.  It's great and the Asian lady just puts  the icing on a beautiful song.
B00004S96B|5.0|The sound is incredible.  Listening to Geoff Tate's voice on this type of cd is LONG OVERDUE and will send chills down the spine.  This is a must have!  Definitely worth the money.
0780626478|4.0|I think it was an unreal flick.. Alicia was as gorgeouse as evver and thats all that needs to be said!
6300271145|5.0|I state unequivocally that this is the greatest movie on Jazz ever made. It has the depth of that music and illustrates the internal drama of an artist, and thus succeeds far better than other attempts (such as  &quot;Bird&quot; by Clint Eastwood, even &quot;Mo' Better Blues&quot; by  Spike Lee). Perhaps that's because Tavernier, instead of applying  pre-conceived (if not racist) ideas on the music and the musicians, just  let Dexter Gordon talk freely about what he knows, jazz music. Perhaps it's  because, at least in respect to jazz, Europeans have been in the past more  respectful and have consistently applied the highest musicological criteria  and critical metholodology.<br />The plot is patterned on a true story, the  friendshpid between the French jazz lover Francis Paudras and Bud Powell -  perhaps the greatest pianist of the 40's - who suffered from artistic and  personal lapses and was living in Paris. There are also some aspects of  saxophonist Dale Turner (Dexter Gordon) borrowed from the tragic destiny of  Lester Young, who died in New York at the age of 49.<br />The recreation of  the &quot;Blue Note&quot;, a jazz club in Paris, is great, and some of the  ancient ones (Pierre Michelot, a bass player who was member of the rhythm  section with Bud Powell and Kenny Clarke) can be seen and heard. Also the  scenes in New York, e.g. the hotel on Times Square (Lester for instance  spent years at a window of a room like that drinking gin) are above  criticism.<br />The only criticism is with some scenes that have little  relevance: Francis' invitation of the jazzman to his parents' place in Lyon  (Tavernier's home town), and their excursion on a beach in Northern France.  This is perhaps a fantasy of the movie director, some interjection of his  own life in something that has to do with jazz, a weakness that ought to be  forgiven.<br />Therefore this is a great movie for jazz lovers, as well as an  accurate rendition that music for the general public, especially that which  does not suspect its depth. As Dexter says, Monet, etc., it's all be bop.  Yes, I have been with a woman, he answers the shrink, and he caresses his  woman, his tenor sax. Touchy moments in the development of that friendship.  A movie which, in spite of its focus on jazz, should appeal to everybody.
B00003CXDU|4.0|I went in expecting this move to be more of a farce than funny and can honestly tell you I was more than surprised.  The special effects were first rate for a comedy and the humor was outstanding for a sci fi movie.   A great all around effort, particularly by Tim Allen and Tony Shaloub.
B000002LGA|5.0|It is usually a stretch to claim that an artist recorded his best album in the twilight of his career. &quot;New York&quot; is a notable exception. Baring the necessity of albums like &quot;Transformer,&quot;  &quot;Berlin,&quot; &quot;The Blue Mask&quot; and &quot;Songs For  Drella,&quot; these songs have stories to tell and some wonderful noise to  make. Reed never cultivated a more satisfying blend of Rock 'N Roll and his  patented street poetry as on this album. While follow-ups to &quot;New  York&quot; contain flashes of glory, &quot;New York&quot; is triumphant  from start to finish. Songs like &quot;Busload of Faith,&quot; &quot;Dirty  BLVD&quot; and &quot;Strawman&quot; are quite simply some of the most  memorable moments of reed's 30-year stint, and poetic quips only found on  Reed albums, like &quot;I'll Take New York City in a garbage bag,&quot;  elevate the songs ten thousand miles above the vapid pop music of today.  The words mean something; the music is daring and urgent. At 58, he may not  have many &quot;New York's&quot; left in him, but when time comes that Lou  Reed leaves for the other side, albums like &quot;New York&quot; will still  be shouting from stereos around the world. Do not miss out on this piece of  immortality.
0780624890|5.0|Wesley Snipes serves as both star and producer of this action-packed film based on the 1970's cult comic book. Snipes is excellent as the blade wielding vampire hunter. N'Bushe Wright (of &quot;Zebrahead&quot; fame) and  Stephen Doff also provide steller performances. Dorff's character is one of  the most viscious villans in recent film history, and director Stephen  Norrington does a spectacular job weaving script, action, and horror. The  Plantinum Features featured on this DVD are amazing and the menus are the  best animated menus I have ever seen on this new format. New Line Cinema  has done an awesome job in selecting the best of their best for this  series. If you loved the Matrix, you will love Blade.
B00003W8NM|5.0|When I first rented this movie I thought I was watching another one of those low grade movies that I fill my lazy weekends with.  But the introduction to the movie grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me right in.   After that I was hooked on the story of an insomniac and his terrorist  soap-making friend. The casting was perfect, and even Meatloaf pulled off  an outstanding performace.  After watching the movie, my first impulse was  to watch it again.  If you can comprehend everything that is going on in  the movie with one viewing, you weren't paying enough attention.  <br />We  have Ed Norton narrating the story as an unnamed character.  We have Brad  Pitt playing TYLER DURDEN, one of the best written/played characters I have  ever seen in movies.  He makes soap.  We have Helena Bonham Carter, who  plays a burnout druggie that just happens to ruin Norton's life =).  Then  we have Meatloaf playing an issuous man named Bob.  The four of them alone,  not to mention other actors like Leto, made me wonder why the movie wasn't  up for any oscars but special effects.  Perhaps it is that the academy is  not ready for such an enlightening film.  If you are open minded about it,  this film could really change your life...<br />Now with that said, you should  be wondering why I haven't told you much about the actual film... What a  complex masterpiece.  Before we even see Mr. Durden, he is placed into the  film subliminally four times!  This is fitting for the film since Tyler  Durden has a job as a projection splicer (he takes the reels of a movie and  connects them into the finished product).  Norton narrates the downward  spiral he is watching his life travel, Tyler and Marla (Carter) change all  that.  While Marla has found new reason to live through Tyler, Tyler gives  to Norton a reason to live as well.  Tyler calls this Fight Club, a place  where all your deep seeded rage can come forth with no consequences short  of personal injury.  We have Bob playing a mother figure to Norton while he  finds his way through life.  Join him and see just what it is like to  change the course of society. <br />The anti-social tendancies of the Fight  Club group may be another reason why the film wasn't so openly accepted by  the self-concious reviewers.  I say forget them, make your own decisions  and don't base them entirely off of a media name.  You will see on this  site that a bunch of reviewers love this move, and you should at least try  it out.  I think it can really change a person, have fun =).
B000009QPE|5.0|While some may say otherwise I personally feel the opening to Raining Blood is probably the most played by local bands the world over. Its no surprise either, Reign in Blood stands far above all others as the most  extreme metal album ever created. The mindblowing speed kicks in from the  first second of the album for gods sake, no time at all for rest. Sure  Jesus Saves has a short little break at its start but then it gets so fast  and brutal it starts to hurt. On it goes until it ends with THE greatest  song ever recorded, Raining Blood. Some may dismiss this album as two  dimensional with no real weight behind the songs. These people obviously  are not Slayer fans, a band whose situation always has been that you either  love em to death or just don't get it. If you like metal then you should  buy this, though chances are you already have it somewhere (I won't say  collecting dust, i've had this thing for years and its never gone out of  rotation for more then three days). This is, simply enough, the greatest  metal album of all time
0679457313|5.0|Rahel and Esthappen are dizygotic twins, born of two eggs but of one soul.  In Kerala, India, the twins' mother Ammu is raising  them with the help of  the twins' grandmother Mammachi, their great-aunt Baby Kammachi, and their  uncle Chako.  At the beginning of the story, Chako's young daughter Sophie  Mol was found dead.  From her funeral, the story moves back and forth in  time to reveal the circumstances of  her death and how someone that the  twins loved by day and Ammu loved by night tore the family apart.<br />At  first, this book is impossible to absorb.  Don't despair.  Persist!  Push  forward until the story grabs you!   The author's writing might seem  fragmented and annoying at first.  Later, when you figure out the action,  the writing becomes lyrical.   It has a beautiful rhythm and sound to it.     This book might not be for everyone, though.  My husband never made it  past the first page!   He kept repeating &quot;It was just the language.  I  couldn't get through it.  I couldn't read it.&quot;  If you're willing to  make it into the second chapter, I think you'll gladly make it through the  whole story.
B000002699|4.0|This work represents Miles' transition form more acoustic and modal jazz to jazz/rock fusion. The sound is thick, quite electronic, haunting, and drone-like. Miles was yet to use the electric trumphet and its effects (a development many jazz fans lamented). John McLaughlin's guitar is plain sounding (and even creeks in spots), but usually interesting--but a far cry from his later explosive Mahavishu Orchestra work. It is very restrained. Wayne Shorter gives what is, I think, his first recorded playing on soprano saxophone, and it is beautiful. Tony Williams, one of the most innovative and unpredictable drummers in jazz history, is reduced to mostly repetitive high hat work. He only breaks out a few times into what we remembered from the previous quintet of Hancock, Shorter, Carter, Williams, and Davis. Dave Holland plays acoustic bass (not electric, thank goodness), and is able to able make the drone pleasing as possible. None of the musicians take extendend solos; this is more of ensemble playing. This album says \\"goodbye\\" to one Miles and \\"hello\\" to another very different one. Despite my love of some fusion music, the transition is somewhat melancholic.
0446677450|5.0|A friend of mine recommended this book to me. It is truly an eye-openner. It clarifies a lot of the myths about managing manoey and gives concrete guidelines for parents to follow. This is must read for moms and dads and a good start for reading more on the subject of money and family.
6300182282|5.0|...as is the chemistry between leads Alan Alda and Ellen Burstyn who make an extremly convincing couple in this film which is sympathetically inclined to some cases of adultery.<br />Two guests at a travel inn, the  nuerotic and somewhat manic George and the clever, clear-headed Doris, both  married and parents,  meet and fall instantly in love.  After that night,  they end up spending the whole week-end together and eventually decide to  meet up there every year.<br />Although their relationship is not conducted in  the ideal situation,  they are certainly likeable and interesting as both  individuals and a couple and that's thanks to good writing, acting and  direction.<br />As they grow over the years and tackle the unpredictability  of life head-on the film progresses at a nice, even pace and is an utter  joy to watch.  Even the cliche scene where Doris is pregnant can be  forgiven.<br />Having started as a stage play I only became acquainted with  this flick via the television but I have seen the sequal performed at the  theatre and that is a joy as well.  And, just in case you were wondering,  the write of this play says he writes from imagination.  I believe him,  thousands wouldn't......<br />Very good indeed.
6301016289|5.0|I just finished writing a 12 page analysis of &quot;Wall Street&quot; and how it represents American cultural myths on-screen, such as Social Darwinism, the Protestant Ethic, and the idea of status.  I had a choice of  any film, and I felt this film said more about American culture than any  other.  I think that although its message is a little ambiguous and preachy  (Carl Fox may be more moral, but in the end, he never gets the fame and  power that is so important in our culture now), it is overall a great film.   Michael Douglas has now been typecast as the Gordon Gekko character in  almost all of his films now, due to the successful portrayal of the greedy  businessman in this film.  I also think that Charlie Sheen gave an amazing  performance in this film, and his personal moral struggle is really the  heart of the film.  He was only 22 when he made the film, which is quite  impressive, given the depth of his character.  I think that we have backed  away from the greed of the 1980s just a little bit, and I can't help wonder  if that is due in part to this rather influential film.  On another note,  if you liked this film, the newer film &quot;Boiler Room&quot; deals with  similar issues, and there is even a scene where corrupt stocktraders quote  Gekko word for word while watching &quot;Wall Street&quot;, which is  perhaps the best scene in that film.
0393312836|5.0|A Clockwork Orange was probably the best book I have ever read. It's an eye opening tale about a boy Alex and his odd path of life. Despite the violence that many people have commented on, I found it necessary to have  inorder to do the story any justice, in regards to what Burgess  has to say  about society.    To help help the story out, Burgess softened the violence  by adding tons of humor to his characters, regarding their actions and even  the hard to follow slang they used. As I read more and more into the book I  began to follow what each of the characters were referring to when they  used their slang, my friends and I even began to use some of the  terminology in our every day conversations.   I also suggest watching the  movie after the book is read. Despite Burgess' dislike to how the movie was  done, I thought it shined a light on the character of Alex and made you  want to see more.    All in all, to anyone who comes upon any negative  comments about the book, disregard them. This is a story that you have to  witness on your own. To some it might have a great impact and to others  they might find it distastful. Personally, I think Burgess was a genius and  wrote a great masterpiece.
6305807043|2.0|This film features an avant-garde puppeteer, his frumpy, animal-collecting wife, and an office building that has a 7 1/2 floor where one has to walk hunched over like Igor.  And that's just the beginning of the weirdness.   In fact, the weirdness is so pervasive that by the time we get to the real  whammy -- a secret cubbyhole on the 7 1/2 floor which happens to be a  portal into actor John Malkovich's brain -- we're scarcely surprised . . .  some of you may be scarcely interested, if you're anything like  me.<br />However, it might be worth hanging in there just to watch Mr.  Malkovich not take himself so seriously.  (My estimation for him has gone  way up since seeing this movie.)  And I must admit:  the scene where  Malkovich goes through the  &quot;portal&quot;  and into his own brain is  insanely inspired and absolutely hilarious, and almost makes the film  justifiable.<br />But one brilliant sequence is not enough to salvage this  immature baby.  The  &quot;plot&quot;  goes off the deep end during the  last act.  Some perhaps find -- for example -- the Malkovich cult's  resemblance to the  *Rosemary's Baby*  coven very clever, but after an  entire movie full of such derivative stuff, it finally drove me beyond the  bounds of patience.  This is an insipidly clever film about NOTHING, which,  for a generation raised on  *Seinfeld*  and other facile entertainments,  will undoubtedly stand as a seminal work.  Shrugging my shoulders, I say:   &quot;Whatever.&quot;
0671027344|4.0|Last week, I was moved when I saw Mr. Chbosky at the IRA conference in Indy. He spoke beautifully about the state of teenagers today. Therefore,  I bought his book and was intrigued by the sensitivity illustrated in his character, Charlie.  I am, however, compelled to advise parents and  teachers to read this book before reccomending it to their children. It is  a mature novel.None of the sexuality issues, drug use, or language are  gratuitious.  In fact, they are needed for the honesty in the novel. I  would caution that this novel should be used in high school and not in  middle school.  It would be more appropriate for that age group. I am not a  censor.  I loved the book.  I encourage mature readers to embrace the  touching tale of Charlie, Patrick, Sam and all the others.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I love this film! Roberto plays an awesome roll. From the begining to end this guy keeps you in stitches! The love he has for his family in the film is rare in todays world. Just the little things in life become a big deal  in his world. We could all learn a lesson from this film about real  romance.. I like the fact that the film is in Italian and has sub titles.  I'm still learning to speak Italian , so it's fun to interpet what there  saying. This film has it all, I laughed and I cried near the end of the  film, but I don't want to spoil the ending for you! Get this film  today! Ciao..
B00000DI06|5.0|I decided to get this CD after my church choir rehearsed the piece entitled The Lord is My Shepherd.  The piece is part of Rutter's magnificent work, Requiem.  <br />Rutter's Requiem is best described in one  word:  ethereal.  The singing is pure.  The piece entitled Pie Jesu, sung  by a soprano, is the most stunning musical composition I have heard.  This  piece brilliantly sums up the pleading nature of the requiem and our hope  for a peaceful rest after our earthly lives.  <br />Rutter's Magnificent is  also a striking work as well and makes an excellent coupling with the  Requiem.  <br />Rutter's Requiem should placed among the great requiems of  Mozart, Verdi, Faure, and Durufle.
B00003CWN3|5.0|If you havent seen this movie....you must! You will not regret it! This movie really touches your heart. There is so much ignorance in this world, and this movie taught me about respecting other human beings for who they  are inside, and not to judge them by apperances, but rather....there  charactor.
B00003CWRX|4.0|What a movie, I didn't catch it at the cinema, but now that I own my own DVD copy I feel better for it.<br />Now I know why Russell Crowe was nominated ! he simply outshines the rest of the cast.<br />This is one guy to watch  out for in the future, may his star blaze in the Hollywood sky.
0553212478|1.0|I saw this book on here so I decided to get it. BIG MISTAKE!  After reading the first 5 chapters I couldn't go on.  The story, well how do I put this is...BORING! There are too many words which people wouldn't use in their everyday language, which was hard for me to understand. Also the plot  was very slow and tiresome.  I do not recommend this book to anyone.  But  if you haven't slept for a while this is a book that will put you to sleep  after the first chapter.
B00000JNJ1|5.0|The flame of rock and roll was kept alive by this band. If not for the faces it might have died from the planet. What can you say about a band who's guitar player had to go save the rolling stones, whose singer wasn't  even Rod half the time, who had a drummer and piano and bass that knew how  to ROCK. It's all here: oh la la, glad and sorry, three button hand me  down, stay with me,cindy incidently...... Rod stewart used to be young and  he used to be in a rock band, faces is that band.
B00000269M|4.0|For those of you who gave this album 3 to 5 stars, I think that's reasonable. No offense, but my favorite album is THRILLER. I think the only good songs on that album are BAD, THE WAY YOU MAKE ME FEEL, SMOOTH  CRIMINAL, LEAVE ME ALONE, and SPEED DEMON. About 1/2 the album. Bad was  good, but not good enough...
630326669X|4.0|Lots of kill the pigs sixties babble. But what's cool is seeing the stones shape a song from beginning to end, that song being sympathy for the devil.
B00000K2SC|4.0|Excellent science fiction and storytelling.  Action and plot are fastpaced, well thought-out and unpredictable.  What more can you ask?<br />Well ... how about a different lead.  Keanu Reeves is  &quot;okay&quot;.  But for a movie of this intensity, someone is needed  with far more charisma and presence.  Reeves does better as the beach dude  or the introspective brooding type.  He just isn't believable as a lead or  as a ladies' man -- both his (goofy) looks and his prissiness just don't  quite measure up to this level of movie.
6300267881|5.0|When I saw, this for the first time I was scared, I own the 25th edition the making scared me, well if you like horror films this is the, one.
0385491026|1.0|Cat's Eye: Plot? Purpose? Point?<br />Being the simple-minded high school student that I am, it does not take a lot for a piece of literature to please me.  I would have loved Margaret Atwood's autobiographical novel, Cat's Eye, full of symbolism, metaphors, astonishing diction and detail had  it not been for the plot or lack thereof.  Cat's Eye, a flashback of some  sort (it goes back from past to present through chapters), deals with  Elaine Risley, an upcoming artist, who is attempting to come to terms with  her harsh childhood.  Throughout Cat's Eye, Elaine's past and present are  illustrated through distinct scenes so full of detail (particularly  metaphors) and imagery that the description takes over the main point.   Wait a minute, what main point?  Throughout the novel there seems to be no  main point, no direction, no plot, no beginning, and no ending.  What a  hit!  Adding to that, the protagonist, Elaine is weak and unrealistic.  As  a pre-adolescent nine-year-old girl, Elaine allows herself to be controlled  by three of her so-called friends.  And, as an adult, Elaine is still weak,  but now she's also pessimistic and somber.  She's fifty something and is  still disturbed about her childhood even though she eventually stood up for  herself (which by the way was the highlight of the book).  Elaine, as an  adult, seems to me to be a disturbed character who belongs not in a novel  but on the television show Frasier where she might be able to get help.  I  gave Cat's Eye a whole star for the complex, yet easy-to-follow style which  to me seemed to be the only good thing about the book.
B00004STPT|4.0|This is,so far, the best score I have purchased this year.  With its combination of orchestra, choir and synths, it reminds me the soundtrack to Conan the Barbarian.  Unlike some here, I didn't find that it reminded me  of Braveheart at all.  But if you liked the Conan score, I think you would  like this.
0553260111|5.0|Robert Ludlum is a master story-teller! His writing is superb! One thing to note, whenever you begin one of his lengthy books you need to devote enough time for 50 pages in the first sitting just to get to know all the characters. It is well worth your time to do so.<br />This book is probably the BEST spy thiller I have ever read. The main character, Jason Bourne, is a character you learn to really care about. Not all writers are capable fo creating that feeling with their writing. Ludlum is a master. Though this book is part of a three part series, this book DOES stand well on it's own. I have read all three -- I highly recommend this -- and now all three have a cherised spot on my bookshelf. Good enough to read more than once in a lifetime!
0812589041|5.0|This book is amazing! Even if youj really dont have a particular intrest in SciFi this book is great. It gives a great look into Enders mind and read Enders game also but the rest of the books are horrible. 10 out of 10 amazing!
B000002H92|5.0|In Concert by The Doors is a terrific live album. The Doors' live shows were so infamous that no fan should be without at least one live Doors recording. I believe that In Concert is the definitive live Doors album. It  contains a wonderful performance of Morrison's Celebration of the Lizard, a  rocking Break On Through, my personal favorite version of The End (from the  Hollywood Bowl), and one of the Doors' best songs (not available anywhere  else): Universal Mind. Wonderful record.
B000001F84|5.0|When I was about ten years old my brother brought a strange L.P. to the house that he naver let me play so one weekend when he was not home I dared to play it It was RUSHs 2112 since then I was hooked to RUSH, I have all  the L.P. versions They released and now all the cd versions I even got a 24  kt gold pleated original master recording of the MOVING PICTURES cd
0784011370|4.0|This is a Stallone classi, and thats why I cant give it 5-stars. Good action, who speeds up with time, great mountain scenarios, good adaptation from the boook.
630469654X|5.0|A beautiful story, with just the right touch of comedy.  This movie was a milestone in fantasy movies.  Very few good fantasy and sci fi movies had been made up to this point, and few have been made since.  Most are hack  and slash barbarians, or really hokey magickal effects, but this movie has  the beautiful plot, scenery and perfect characters for their parts.  I  recommend this one highly.  It's one of my all time favorites.
6301095014|1.0|&quot;FIRST BLOOD&quot;, based on David Morrells book, is already a classic, well conducted and convinvent. But after that, the John Rambo character acquired a life of his own in the hands of Hollywood, and the  sequels RAmbo II and III sucks, showing Stallone at the lowest level of  interpretation an acting and screenplay of his career. Avoid it!
0385495315|5.0|A review from the author of DREAMING YOUR REAL SELF: A PERSONAL APPROACH TO DREAM INTERPRETATION; and DREAM BACK YOUR LIFE: A PRACTICAL GUIDE TO DREAMS, DAYDREAMS, AND FANTASIES.<br />Simon Singh's The Code Book is a fascinating review and explanation of cryptography.  Placing its evolution  in a historical context, the author describes the need for encryption and  how more and more secure systems became necessary as each one was cracked.   He takes us to the present day with our need to protect financial and other  sensitive information on Internet.  Considering the technical nature of his  topic, Singh makes cryptography interesting and challenging.  I usually  read several books at a time, but this one held me to the exclusion of  others until I finished it.  Extremely lucid and fascinating.
6304826133|3.0|This is a good movie. Stallone didnt need to get that fat for his character:the effects are not clearly visible. I think some fillers inside would do it. Ray Liotta is the weakest part in the cast, which otherwise is  great. The plot and scenarios are well crafted, too.
B00000BKDW|5.0|This album is Iron Maiden at their point of perfection.  Every track is excellent, though &quot;Aces High&quot;, &quot;2 Minutes To Midnight&quot;, &quot;Powerslave&quot;, and the Classic &quot;Rime of the Ancient  Mariner&quot; stand out.  Anybody who wants a definative music collection  should add Powerslave to it. The last of the pre-synthesised metal craze.   Steve Harris is argueably the best bassist to walk the earth and this album  shows his great talent, by keeping up with and guiding the dual-chainsaw  massacre of Smith and Murray.....playing with his fingers, not a pick.   This also was the first CD i ever bought way back in 1984 at the age of 13,  and it still rings as clear as it did then.  I still have the vinyl version  just for the artwork, probably the best album cover by Maiden if you can  see the detail.
6304340486|1.0|What makes me sad is Stallon,e being someone who fought so hard to get success and a screenwriter himself (&quot;ROCKY&quot;) certainly knows when he is shooting a lousy script. But he goes for it anyway, giving us this  terrible motion-picture, whre theres a gang of killers who wants a new  order for something..A mere vehicle for actres Brigitte Nielses, I guess..
0553213105|3.0|I am an avid reader of English classics so naturally, I came across P&amp;P fairly soon after I discovered my love of literature.  I had heard so many glorious things about this novel (that it forms young women world  wide, that the characters are incredibly convincing and realistic, etc.),  that perhaps I was expecting a little bit more.  Sure, Austen claimed she  wrote about the &quot;things she knew about.&quot;  Unfortunately, there  were many other authors, female artists to be most specific, who were her  contemporaries and wrote far more incredibly mind blowing novels (Mary  Shelly comes to my mind).<br />I will begin by saying that this book was  wonderful to read.  It was witty and the story line was intriguing enough  that I had no trouble completing it a few days after beginning it (I will  confess, I even gave up a few nights of slee to find out if Elizabeth's  character flaws would resolve).  The characters were convincing, the book  well developed and not extremely predictable.  Unfortunately, these assets  did not redeem the novel in my eyes, because shortly after finishing it, I  simply could not believe I had wasted a few days of valuable reading time  to devote to a relatively 'numb' piece of literature.  Simply put, I felt  it lacked depth, and although it was witty and enjoyable to read, I do not  exactly understand why it has lasted as a classic depiction of human  existance.  The plot was unrealistic, the ending contrived, and besides the  obvious message that 'pride and prejudice are evil and indulging in either  of these flaws will cause misery' I did not receive any further  enlightenment by reading it.  It is an excellent documentation of courting  rituals during Austen's time, as well as what I imagine to be a realistic  depiction of the concerns of upper-middle-class English society, but to be  perfectly honest, who cares?  If these subjects interest you, I'm sure you  will be enthralled by Austen's work.  I appreciate her and respect herbecause of the history she represents, and for this reason, you should NOT  AVOID READING THIS BOOK, but I do not think I will ever be able to say her  work moves me.  Of course, I could be missing something.  I'm only sixteen,  so my distaste for P&amp;P could be the result of youth and foolishness.  If any of you have read this novel were sincerely moved by it, I'd love to  hear from you.  There's nothing I hate more than simply 'not getting' a  book.
B0000048TX|3.0|There are great action sequences, but one reviewer below showed the great ammount of technical mistakes made in the opener sequence. (the girl hanging above the abyss) Anyway, there is good action and some unecessarily  violent deaths (the bad guys, of course, have always the most violent  deaths). Stallone tried to revocer from failured comedies, and this was a  good start.
006109594X|5.0|This was a book hard to put down. A somewhat complicated plot which I enjoyed, lots of techno stuff about submarines and just enough of the developement of the characters that I care to read more about them in future books.
6303855474|1.0|Please stop taking comic characters into the big screen. It doesnt work!  Do it properly or just dont do it!  This one is not an exception!
B000023X9W|5.0|Young continues to get better with age. the ten songs on Silver and Gold can stand with any of the 300 or so songs he's released throughout his entire career. A beautiful record-take 40 minutes into this world and  you'll feel moved. The last two songs on the disc,Razor Love and Without  Rings are standouts for me. Anybody who liked Harvest,After the  Goldrush,Comes a time and Harvest Moon will like this record. Another GREAT  one from one of the Greats!
6303566448|4.0|At first I was a little unwarey of this film, but to see it is to be thrilled. It is very original and has similar black comedy moments to 'Evil Dead 2'. 'Re-Animator' definately deserves a cult status and I can't wait  to see the sequel...
B000024QML|5.0|I've been on a Pet Shop Boys binge lately and have  been wearing out my copy of VERY.  I'd almost forgotten how great an album it is. It's amazing how smart and witty their music is, and how much of it is carthartic. Their  music is rooted in their experiences, but relatable in every possible way  regardless of gender or sexuality.  There are truths to be uncovered in  each of the songs, and you can't help but to listen and find them.  Each  song is produced beautifully, and it's no surprise that after a while,  you'll find yourself singing along or dancing to the tracks; you'll perhaps  want to &quot;[take] all of [your] clothes off and danc[e] to the right of  Spring,&quot; as Tennant sings on the &quot;I Wouldn't Normally do This  Kind of Thing.&quot; &quot;Liberation&quot; captures the warmth and  senstitivity of the Pet Shop Boys and reminds us that we are all free to do  whatever we want.  &quot;The Theatre&quot; is by far the most dramatic song  on the album, and if you listen carefully, you'll realize that it is in  fact a melancholic story he's singing.  &quot;Young Offender&quot; is a  favorite of mine, fusing classic Pet Shop Boys synth sound and intelligent  lyrics.  And for the finale, &quot;Go West&quot;--you'll just have to  listen to it to find out for yourself how great the song is and how much of  an anthem it has become.
6305807930|5.0|The Anchor Bay DVD nearly blew me away. Thick colors, full sound and the clearest image I´ve ever encountered (as good - even better than AB's Tenebre). And Dario himself gives and on-screen introduction. I can´t think  of a more definite release.<br />And for the film: This has to be the  strangest, most-dreamlike horror-fantasy I´ve seen. Very much like Dryer's  Vampyr this film is a nightmare on celluloid and not just a narration.  Don´t look for the plot - you won´t look for it in your dreams either.
0887307396|5.0|I read this book for the second time after my first reading two years ago. This time my focus was to see if the principles guiding &quot;visionary companies&quot; (most of them old economy models) will hold well in the new  economy.  I am convinced that most of the visionary companies would succeed  in any kind of transformation in the marketplace. It is these companies  that set &quot;BHAGs&quot;, have excellent cultures, care for their image  and emerge as stars in the final analysis. Good  management principles  cannot be discarded for the sake of temporary gain. And that is precisely  why these companies have survived in turbulent times in their making . This  is not to say that all 18 companies would repeat their performance for the  next 50 years; but if they continue to be guided by the same fundamental  principles on which they are built , they will certainly last forever.  <br />Dot coms may kindly note....
B00000K19E|3.0|This movie advances a very intriguing concept...it may be that what we believe is real is really a virtual software Matrix.We are in a computer dream.Maybe we are a computer dream.and so are those we dream us,and so  on.But what we see in the second part of the movie is a  special-effects-lethal weapon-sequence,followed by a martial arts combat.  What else is new?
B000021XS0|4.0|My discovery of this band was a matter of pure serendipity. I discovered them in 1992 on MTV. Since that time, I have been overwhelmed by their immense creativity, and originality. &quot;Images and Words&quot; remains  my favorite Dream Theater release to date, but the overall content of  &quot;Scenes from a Memory&quot; are without any doubt, some of the most  creative material that they have released.This album covers a broad range  of emotions and texture. From poignant songs as &quot;Through Her  Eyes&quot;, to the bombastic &quot;Beyond This Life&quot;. In listening to  these musicians, you can sense and feel the imagination that they put into  their music. In short, they are a breath of fresh air in today's music  scene. Musicians who aspire to create, not just entertain. Good Job!The  individual performances speak for themselves. I could not put into words  the brilliance in which this band performs. Especially James Labrie. His  vocals on &quot;Through Her Eyes&quot; is breathtaking. This song is my  favorite amongst the songs on this compilation, and the final segment of  the song brings tears to my eyes every time. Just beautiful.However,  amongst all the positives are the negatives. While this album is beautiful  in its total measure, it is a bit mechanical in some areas. Technical  wizardry can be appreciated in moderation, but at times, the songs are  nothing more than &quot;chops&quot;, hi-tech noise and repetition. While I  have a deep love and respect for this band, their music at times (while  ever so briefly) has a tendency to meander. Sounding nothing like music,  but rather a cacophony of digitized bells and whistles. Other than that,  their music should be acknowledged for what it is as a whole. An album with  far more positives than negatives, and a must have for anyone who enjoys  music that provokes one to think, and feel. Truly a band in a class by  themselves.
B000002ADT|5.0|Yes, it's wonderful, yes, you MUST BUY it and yes, you are going to love it 4 the rest of your life.
B00002JX73|5.0|I would have to say this cd is at the top of my list for all time favorites.  The bonus cd tracks that come with the cd are phenomenal.  It took me forever to find some of these remixes on cd. I recommend this cd to  anyone.  It's inexpensive, and it will bring you hours of enjoyment.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I first heard 'Here with me' while watching 'Roswell'.  The track absoluted captivated me - I actually got chills down my spine.  After watching the closing credits on the show to find out who the artist was, I  went to my local music store and was told that they have never heard of  Dido. This is where Amazon has become invaluable!   After a few weeks I had  the CD and haven't stopped listening to it.  Of course 'Here with me' is  fantastic, but 'My Lovers gone' is also amazing.  A top class CD from an  unbelievably talented artist.
B00001OH1S|4.0|This CD is Well Worth the money, and Good value, But it makes quite fustrating listening: 90% Of the music is first rate, espically Nina Simones' &quot;Sinnerman&quot;, but as previously mentioned, the CD on the  whose is too short, and you're left with the impression of having read a  really enjoyable book, just with about Five chapters missing.  This does  not spoil the overall experiance of the CD, but those tracks are obvious in  their absence - It Feels like there should be more.  Overall, This is not a  CD worth buying if you have a tight budget, and expecting great things.  If  you enjoyed the film, and can spare the case - this is one for you.
6302250269|5.0|I put off watching this movie for years, as it was mostly referred to as a &quot;chick flick&quot;.  Years later, I finally decided to rent it because I kept hearing bits and pieces of it and I was a little curious.  When I  saw this movie the first time, I was stunned, amazed, and completely taken  in.  And yes, as I guy I am hesitant to say it, but I was a little teary at  the end! But most of all this movie had me laughing on the floor  throughout, with Louise's dry humour and Thelma's dizzy antics.  I also  like the way that by the movie's end, the two characters virtually had  reversed roles.  Very clever. I have heard that Cher was originally  supposed to play Louise, but I cannot imagine any other artist perfecting  that roll better than Susan Sarandon.  She WAS Louise.  When they pulled  out of the bar after Louise had shot Harlan, there has not been any better  acting than Sarandon did, as Louise struggled with the consequences of what  had happened. Both Thelma and Louise deliver so many one-liners, you will  be laughing and then crying.  A very emotionally driven and all-around  entertaining movie.  Hands down, this is one of my favorite movies of all  time.
0783226888|5.0|I just recently saw 'The Day of the Jackal' and thought it a was a great thriller.  By comparison, the more recent 'Jackal' is just as great and well worth watching, especially for the extra features...the making of the  film, edited-out scenes, etc.  I was a bit disappointed in one minor point  in that unlike the original film, in which the assasin uses a easily  disassembled, specially made 'minimalist' sniper rifle concealed in a  crutch as part of an elaborate, though convincing disguise to attempt to  take out a great world leader...in the modern version, the assasin uses  what looks to be an anti-aircraft gun which fires, of all things, depleted  uranium rounds about the size of a fat Mont Blanc pen.  This apparatus is  so big he has to haul it around in a Plymouth Voyager minivan and a  yacht...then another minivan in a circuitous route from Montreal, Canada to  the state of Georgia...to take out...a world leader's...wife.  Though in  keeping with the plot line, the person who hired him wanted a 'very public  and messy display'...which the weapon the assasin chose would undoubtedly  make, wouldn't it have been so much easier to fly to the states, visit some  gun shows and buy a bazooka, mount it a tree and remote fire it, or put 50  lbs of C-4 under the stage where the podium would be place and remote  detonate it?  No, this 'Jackal', far from just wanting to waste this woman  wants to take out her...and the building behind her...and the building  behind that!  Jesus, they use those rounds in the military for piercing  tank armor.  It just seemed a bit much.  The bazooka would have been  cheaper...and, as it is, he spends 200 grand on the gun itself, 50 grand on  a special tripod and remote firing system, probably another 45 grand for  the 2 minivans, a half mill for the yacht, another few thousand for  numerous plane tickets, lots of clothes...(he's a master of disguise, you  know)...and so on.  Man, talk about a paper trail... I would have bought  one planeticket, dressed myself as a tourist, and dropped a remote-control  toy airplane full of explosives on my target.  Then walk away when in the  melee.  Not that I would, by the way, but if I had written the screen play,  it would have been much harder to catch him had he just blended in and kept  the deadly weapon more portable and simpler.
0446386898|5.0|Watchmen is a definate classic in the graphic genre. Even if you don't normally read 'comics', this is a very good read as a novel with character depth and real life issues explored. Go for it.
B00000IOSU|2.0|I love Sarah and have for many years...heck I trecked up a mountain to see the first years Lillith Fair...but this album does nothing for me.  It is the same songs we have heard for years and yes, it is very uninspired.  With her amazing songwriting techniques, I would rather she focus on new  material---not recycling old material that thanks to Sarah becoming more  &quot;mainstream&quot; is being played to death on the radio.  Im waiting  patiently for some new, inspried tunes....And recommend that true Sarah  fans pick up &quot;rarities and Bsides&quot; before buying this CD
B000002G26|5.0|The first thing that surprised me while I was reading the reviews was that there were only 31 of them!  This is flabbergasting considering the fact that Bryan Adams is truly a legend with his endless wonderful number one  hits!  It's not surprising then, that this album is comparable to pure  gold.  It certainly features Adams' best  songs like &quot;Run to  you&quot;, &quot;Somebody&quot; and the ever famous &quot;Everything I do  (I do it for you)&quot;  (This song actually made the top 100 of the best  songs of all time).  The only disappointment I had with this album was that  it did not include the other Adams hits such as the unforgettable  &quot;Thought I died and gone to Heaven&quot;.  Overall, this album is top  notch and is a must in every CD collection.
0385484518|3.0|This book was very highly recommended by an older man who has gone through several difficult years.  I am a much younger guy, and did not find this book as important as he did.<br />Yes, the musings of a man that is slowly dying should be understood.  Morie (the dying man) mentions to the young  man that if the young men of the world could see from Morie's point of  view, the world would move much slower, the focus would not be on progress  in the world, but would focus on relationships.<br />To everything there is a  time... a seventy year old dying man sees the world one way, and it is good  for young men to think about those things every once in a while.  However,  most young men have responsiblities, and a drive to suceed.  These should  not be overshadowed by a fear of regret in later life.  <br />Maybe it is  because I feel that I have a balanced life.  Maybe it is because I am in my  thirties, and more worried about the house payment than the regrets I might  feel at seventy, but this book was a bit of a downer for me.<br />I may reread  this book in 30 or 40 years, maybe it will mean more to me.
0790743132|5.0|Most have not mentioned that the play on which &quot;Casablanca&quot; was based was written by the late Murray Burnett.( former address East 86th St.New York City)<br />&quot;Everybody Comes to Ricks&quot; was the name of  the play.Mr. Burnett spent his life in the courts trying to  &quot;recapture&quot; the rights to his own play.<br />Aljean Harmetz,s book ,  &quot; Round Up the Usual Suspects&quot; gets into this issue in  depth.<br />&quot; Is that cannon fire.....or is it my heart pounding&quot;  That and all the rest of the memorable dialogue are all intact. A great  experience is seeing the film at a revival house..I did...it was like a  religious experience. Most of the audience was reciting the dialogue word  for word. &quot;I,m only a poor corrupt official&quot;  or &quot;its serves  me right for not being musical&quot; <br />In a 1977 film review book it said  &quot; remember ..not much is going on in this film&quot; was this gent  looking for an action film?<br />Max Steiner weaves the music in and still no  one sings &quot; As Time Goes By&quot; like Dooley Wilson.
B000021XS0|5.0|First, if you don't already own the other DT albums, I urge you to scroll up a bit and get them all.  If you are a longtime listener like me, you will find that they have combined the best traits of their previous works  into one MAGNIFICENT album(and live show).  What we have here is the  perfect balance between great progressive instrumentals, blazing solos,  super low metal, and powerful ballads with incredible lyrics.  For the  record, The Spirit Carries On may be their best song ever, and if it wasn't  for Floyd's Shine On You Crazy Diamond, it would be my all time favorite  song.  Anyway, brilliant music and super-thought provoking lyrics make this  a must have for John Q. Listener.  Buy it.  A side note.  After murdering  his voice on the Awake tour, I am pleased to report that James Labrie has  made it about 98% back.  He sounded great at the Milwaukee show (which I  drove a total of 1400 miles and 27 hours to see). I repeat, BUY IT!
B000002UA0|5.0|There is a small but vocal minority among Pink Floyd fans who insist that the group was at its peak when Syd Barrett was at the helm.  Count me among them.  Don't get me wrong - I love the post-Syd stuff: Dark Side of the  Moon, Wish You Were Here, The Wall, Saucerful of Secrets (true, Syd plays  on that one, but his presence is barely felt).  But when Syd went his own  tragic way, the group lost something very special.  That they were able to  make great albums anyway is a tribute to their talent, discipline and  vision.<br />Talent Syd had, although he did seem to lack discpline.  But he  had a passion and a strange view of the world that comes through very  clearly.  I don't profess to understand what Syd was trying to say; I've  said before that his music seems to bypass the head and go straight for the  heart.<br />As for the music, it sounds recognizably like Floyd, but peppered  with Syd's loopy lyrics and even loopier guitar playing.  He wasn't a good  guitarist in any conventional sense, but he was interesting and unique.  His lyrics recall Lewis Carrol's Alice in Wonderland stories and childhood  nightmares.  The tone of the album is by turns whimsical, melancholy and  spooky.<br />That's about the best I can do to describe it.  Mainly, I suggest  that you take a listen for yourself.
0375420525|5.0|House of Leaves is an intriguing first novel. It made me look back several times to check if it was really a novel or an account of something that actually happened.Such alot of work to write! So much information! The work  on Echoes alone makes the book worth reading. Not scary,takes a little  concentration,but well worth while.(I must have liked it, I don't usually  bother to write reviews!)
B000003489|5.0|In talking about this album,as often happens, I find myself hampered by the fact that my opinion is not an informed one (not that I've ever let that stop me before).  So, falling back on the &quot;I know what I like  when I hear it&quot; defense, let me just say that I know what I like when  I hear it, and I love this album.<br />Actually, I've always heard that this  album is a challenging listen, some going so far as to say that it's  inaccessible.  I found it very easy on the ears, soothing, and even  consoling - a balm to the soul.  Even so, there is something slightly  unsettling about this album - namely, that it is so figure out.  Not that I  usually try to figure out music, but I get the definite impression as I  listen that there are complexities that elude me - great untapped riches  that are denied to me because of my ignorance.  I can only hope that  repeated listenings will allow the music to reveal itself in new and deeper  ways.<br />Never before have I heard music that is played with such technical  brilliance and delivered with such feeling at the same time.  This album  has shown me that the rumors I've heard of John Coltrane's greatness are  not just rumors.
B000001FMX|5.0|This was an album I had to hide from my mom.  With a cover of 5 tough looking transvestites, to the rather racy and cheezy inner record jacket, this could be very confusing to us adolescent boys.  Enough of that; this  IS a seminal album of the seventies.  This is in your face -- smashmouth  rock, that should embarass any heavy metal act today.  Rousing guitar work,  high energy drums and bass, and some surprisingly good melodies make up  this classic piece.  This is the dark side of the early seventies, as  evidenced by &quot;Looking for a Kiss&quot;, which has the refrain  &quot;Looking for a fix&quot;. &quot;Vietnamese Baby&quot; is probably one  of the understated rock classics of the era.  &quot;Frankenstein&quot;  makes Edgar Winter's song of the same name sound like elevator music.   Finally, &quot;Jet Boy&quot; is a rousing anthem of harmonies and buzz  guitar that begs one to turn it up to &quot;11&quot;.  Rarely do I  subscribe to the normal hype on albums, but this one deserves it.
6304994540|4.0|It is widely known that the Coen Brothers made 'eccentricity' an art form. And this is just what this movie has to offer; eccentric characters, weird plot, funny dialogue and aimless situations that ultimately set the mood  for the picture. John Goodman, Steve Buscemi, Peter Stormare and John  Turturro, all Coen regulars and all deliver great performances and draw  uniquely weird characters. Newcomers to the Coen zanniness, Julianne Moore  and Philip Seymour Hoffman are very promising actors and are also great in  their roles. But kudos go to Jeff Bridges and John Goodman who both give  excellent performances and are very funny together. Not as good as other  Coen films but very funny, weird and entertaining. From a scale of 1-10 I  give this film a 7!
0783241569|5.0|Notting Hill was in one word &quot;superb&quot;.  It kept the promise of delivering a light romantic comedy, without going overboard on the cheez.  I loved William's off-beat, mayonaise eating roommate, and his Anna Scott  fanatic sister.  The acting and casting worked perfectly.  Hugh Grant  (william)  always plays a very good confused and lovestruck Englishman (as  evident in Four wedding and a funeral) and Julia Roberts plays out her life  basically.  The script was clever and full of wise-cracks that will keep  you entertained for the entirety of the movie.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I have reviewed this movie before so I won't go into saying how good it is.  But as I read other reviews there is somethign that i must say to everyone.... THERE IS A SUBBED SIDE ON THE DVD!  Amazon.com just hasn't  said that....  Stop putting down this wonderful anime just becasue  &quot;the original isn't on the DVD,&quot; when it is included.  The sub,  however, is not available on VHS.
B00003XACV|5.0|After seeing the film I immediately went out and purchased the score. It's beautifully done, covering a myriad of emotions and styles. I have always been a fan of Danny Elfman in terms of the scores that he has produced, but  Thomas Newman has created a wonderful piece of work with this score. I  recommend it highly!
B00004R997|4.0|This is great and one of the classic Disney hits I'm pleased, as a collector, to see come out on DVD! There's no escape from having to say that the 'film' is odd, but it's a great entertainer which you can watch  over and over again without ANYONE moaning! The animation is great and the  extras you get make it well worth its price. Kids and adults will have  great fun. A must-have DVD!
0061020710|5.0|10) Diving into an outdoor pool on a 100+ degree-day.  _____ 9)Drinking a glass of cold milk after eating two or three freshly bakedchocolate chip cookies.  _____ 8) That first breath of dry, cool airafter coming out of a steamy shower.  _____ 7) That first lick of an ice cream cone.  _____ 6) Sitting by a blazing fire after walking through the snow for hours.  _____ 5) Seeing a good friend after many years of being out of touch.  _____ 4) Chuckling under your breath and realizing that you are the only one that got the speaker's joke. _____ 3) Seeing a clever and talented performer for the first time. _____ 2) Stepping back to admire that new piece of art that you just created._____ 1) Watching Monty Python and the Holy Grail.  _____
B000001FI7|4.0|I borrowed this CD from a guy the night my boyfriend dumped me and my car was towed while we fought in the street just a block away. That same night I get home &amp; an ex roommate with a key had cleaned out all my CD's. A  bad night obviously- and Dummy was the perfect companion. Yeah it dragged  me deeper into thought but the lyrics were inspiring in a sneeky way. Take  a listen and you'll see what I mean.
0446525537|5.0|When I started this book, I thought it was going to be about one thing.  As I continued reading, I found that I couldn't turn the pages fast enough.  And to think that this was written by a man!   Chivalry has came and went, but in this book it is alive.<br />I don't want to give away the ending, but I  would like to believe that everything was just fine and everyone lived  happily ever after.  What do you think?
B000006045|3.0|The first time I heard this album or so I thought was off the Matrix soundtrack but- further listening revealed tracks that I had been hearing in clubs and as background music for months. This CD can set a mood hard to  get out of- trance like. Great for supporting those depressing rainy nights  or a cozy evening with a one night stand. Just Kidding.
B000002NHN|5.0|He pasado una hora leyendo todos los comentarios de los mas y menos fans de Loreena y parece que en España (Spain) no vendiera discos, no hay mas que un artículo de una fan de Gijón. Sigo el trabajo y la música de Loreena  desde que el primer día que se oyó &quot;She moved throug the fair&quot; en  Diálogos-3, y a través del correo con Quinland Road he comprado todos los  discos según iban apareciendo.  El trabajo de Loreena Mckennit es, en mi  opinión, LA MUSICA: en todas sus interpretaciones se dan todos los  elementos: poesía, historia, voz magistral, interpretación  instrumental,efectos especiales,... Aunque todos las canciones de todos los  discos son fenomenales, las que mas me gustan son &quot;She moved through  de fair&quot; del CD ELEMENTAL y &quot;Breaking the silence&quot; del CD  PARALLEL DREAMS<br />Ah! para Loreena: ¿cuando nos grabas un CD en Spanish?   (Se me ha ocurrido esto repasando los discos de Franco Battiato): hizo muy  buenos trabajos en nuestro idioma. Gracias. Adios.
B00004SVIK|5.0|Is There Anybody Out There? is a true classic of rock &amp; roll. Of course, I must recommend the limited edition with the book for die-hard Floyd fans, it gives an inside perspective and pictures for those of us who  were unlucky enough to miss it, or like me, weren't even born yet.      The  music itself is masterful. You haven't heard Gilmour play until you've  heard his Mother solo. This solo almost brought tears to my eyes, it was  that moving and spectacular. The Comfortably Numb solo, always a treat,  again shines in its fourth released incarnation. Young Lust has been  amplified from good to great, and the whole album reverberates with the  passion and emotion one would feel if you were right there. The momentous  epic of a musicians climb, his climax, his crises, and his fall brings to  light the conflict within every one of us, musicians or not. It is the  story of the human condition, never before performed in such a way. A  must-buy!
B000002572|5.0|This is one of the few albums that I listen to all the way through without skipping around. Every song on this album has something special to it that makes you want to listen.  Although the texture of the songs is often  similar, each song has a unique mood.  My favorite, More Than a Feeling, is  a great song to listen to when thinking about a lost love.  It has Tom  Scholz's trademark soaring guitars, a great solo, a powerful, almost  thrashing chorus, and a wistful lyric that is actually kind of depressing  in a good way.  Some of the other less well known songs are very much worth  listening to.  Rock 'n Roll band is a great sing a long song with an  energetic beat.  Hitch a Ride has the same wistful feel of More than a  Feeling, but is more mellow and smoother.  It is a great album that will  take you on an emotional ride.  Give it a shot and you won't be  disappointed.
B000001FTJ|5.0|I heard that in the early stages of recording this album someone in the background drug a metal chair across the floor while Tom was recording. Upon listening to the recording Tom decided to leave the chair in... and in my opinion, from this point a different way of thinking started to appear on Toms records. Another one I heard was that Tom had an old organ or something he wanted to use in a song except it had a loose wire or something and buzzed. His engineer got behind it and was toying with the wires until the buzz turned to a crackle. So he says, what do you want Tom, the crackle or the buzz? Anyway, my point is that this music is of a different breed. But don't get the wrong idea. Tom Waits is nowhere near low-fi... Swordfish sounds great and is recorded very well. Tom can get away with banging on a dumpster with a 2x4 for a really big bass drum sound because he knows what hes doing.     Swordfish is for me one of Tom's best, but It seems that the first one you hear ends up being your favorite. Four stars is not enough...
0789302179|5.0|I loved this book. It allows you to create these fabulous  looks that you wouldn't ordinarily think of . the pictures alone are a wonderful reason for buying this book , I've never seen such beautiful and creative ways of using make up , hair, clothes and photography together. I have tried some  of these looks and have done alright but I am left with the conclusion that  Kevyn Aucoin is deffinetly the man with the golden brush.
B000002NE4|5.0|For all its denial of a higher power, this album is oddly one of the most moving and complete statements of personal faith ever recorded. By telling us what he does *not* believe, Cave of course is really telling us what he  does believe... not Angels, not an &quot;interventionist God&quot; but  &quot;Some kind of path&quot;... These songs are not sung in anger or  detatchment, but devotion. The constant connection between romantic love  and questions of faith is strong but not overwhelming throughout the  record. Ultimately, that it was makes this album so personally moving and  not scholarly or preachy. The resonance of a search for meaning of any kind  is so strong and poignant.<br />Personally, this album will always mean a  tremendous ammount to me. The night of my Father's wake, my brother and I  sat in front of the stereo and listned to this album over and over. Oddly,  for all its coldness, it offers a strange kind of comfort as well...
B0000399WI|5.0|If you have never seen this movie, your missing a great one.  This one will open your mind.
6305903182|5.0|I AM A BIG FAN OF ALL THE SCREAM MOVIES,SCREAM  WAS A SCREAM,SCREAM 2 WAS A BLAST AND SCREAM 3 WAS THE BEST YET,NEVE CAMPBELL,COURTNEY COX AND DAVID ARQUETE ARE DOING WHAT THEY DO BEST AND JENNY McCARTHY MADE THIS MOVIE A  SCREAM! BUT WE ALL LOVE MOVIES THAT WILL MAKE YOU JUMP OUT OF YOUR SEAT,I  FOUND SCREAM  AND SCREAM 2 DONE JUST THAT BUT SCREAM 3 COULD HAVE DONE WITH  A FEW MORE (URBAL LEGEND)FRIGHTS,I ALSO FOUND THE KILLING SCENES OVER TO  QUICKLY.ITS A SHAME KEVIN WILLIAMSON DID NOT WRITE SCREAM 3. SCREAM 3 IS  THE BEST OF THE TRILOGY YET WITH A GREAT CAST AND GREAT STORYLINE TO END  THE FINAL CHAPTER.I HOPE WES CRAVEN DOES NOT SELL THE RIGHTS AS HE DID WITH  THE FREDDY SERIES.IF YOU ARE A SCREAM FAN, SCREAM 3 IS A MUST AND HAS ONE  OF THE BEST ENDINGS TO DATE.
B00003CWL5|5.0|Great. Fantastic. Emotional. Enjoyable. American Beauty... look closer.<br />Kevin Spacey is unbelievable. Annette is magnificent. Thora Birch is beautiful.
0743200799|5.0|After reading, and highly enjoying, books from many Apollo era astronauts (Shepard, Slayton, Lovell, Bean, Cernan, Collins), I wished I could learn more about the people living at the other end of the microphones, and about  their work at developing, simulating and supporting America's first manned  space missions. <br />I once clearly said to myself: &quot;What we need is a  book from Gene Kranz!&quot;. Just shortly later, I had the great surprise  of finding that the said book was actually released. I immediately got it  and found out that I was right. We did need to know about the complex  aspects of the Mercury-Gemini-Apollo missions in a view somehow parallel  from the astronaut's. It really made the whole picture clearer by looking  at it from a different angle.<br />I was fascinated to learn that it all  started with just a few guys, no teacher, no how-to-do sheets (and also  with one few-inch flight!), and developed into very well organized and  performing teams of highly capable and dedicated persons, who could  efficiently get people to the Moon and back. The book really makes us  figure the importance of the quite large, complex and competent support  teams whose work was as crucial as the astronauts' for each mission to  achieve its objectives, and for a country to reach its goal. I especially  appreciated his way of introducing and give credit to each individual he  felt was important in making the challenge of the century  successful.<br />Thank you very much, Mr. Kranz, for spending the energy that  allowed us to share the memories of someone who had the great opportunity  to closely participate in such a key period of mankind history. Many thanks  for letting us in the Mercury-Gemini-Apollo Mission Control rooms. After  reading your book, I couldn't agree more with you: it really does look like  the next best place to be from the spacecraft.
B00000K31Q|5.0|If you love hidden hummor and Shakespeare plays this movie is for you.1) It is a great adaptation of Shakespearse's play The Taming of the Shrew. 2)The acting is super. The people chosen to play the different charactors  were wonderful choices. 3)Just like in Elizabethian time the puns never  stop durring this play.4)The comedy is appropriat for the age of the  charactors and what they deal with in everyday life.5)The emotion in this  movie is presented in a proper manner.6)The movie shows what it is like to  be a teenager now.7)Well, it's fantastic.8) You'll love it. 9) I love it.  10) It never gets old.
B00003CWTI|5.0|First thing first, &quot;Magnolia&quot; has got to be one of my favourite movies ever! And I am not kidding, when people say they don't make movie like they used to anymore, they were right, until now. I came out of the  cinema with a feeling you don't get often, &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;,  &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; and &quot;Toy Story 2&quot; is perhaps the  only other movies that moved me this way. You get a feeling that you've got  your money worth and thinking to yourself I am going to get this. <br />You  will know this is a classic the moment you start watching the film, like  all good movies, the cast has to gel well, the story has to be good, the  acting has to be great and the director must be on form. Well, they are all  fulfilled here. Every actors here gave great performances, Tom Cruise  deservedly got his Oscar nomination, PT Anderson (writer and director of  boogie night, which he also wrote this too) should have got one too, he  certainly at least deserved a Oscar nomination for best director and best  film.<br />The story itself is about the life of ten different characters  during 24 hours. A games show host, his wife, his daughter, a boy genius,  an ex boy genius, a dying man, his lost son, the dying man's wife, the  caretaker and a police officer in law. Each one have their own problems to  deal with and the director deal with them all superbly. All the characters  have a connection with one and other through either relations or this  &quot;What do kid know&quot; game show. <br />The real treat here is that all  these stories are told in such a way that you won't keep your eyes off the  screen, all the scene have an importance in the film in the story telling.  Even though the film is a little over 3 hours long, it will fly by. Which  brings me to the editing of this film because the film is so well put  together from one scene to another, this helps the stories immensely, in  addition the music by Aimee Mann is also well suited to the film, it gave  the film an extra dimension and character. All these elements together made  this the movie of the year for me; words can't describe how wonderful this  film really is. Excellent, Wonderful, Clever, Brilliant and Engaging only  comes close. Bottom line - Magnificent! <br />P.S. look out for the strange  weather phenomenon at the end of the film, you'll never see that coming and  it's so funny and clever.
B00003CX5A|5.0|After a several year absence from movie theaters, Tim Burton struck gold with his adaptation with Sleepy Hollow.  Not only did it include fantastic music by master Danny Elfman, but it also provided spectacular imagery.   <br />Burton's adaptation of the Washington Irving tale is an instant haunting  masterpiece.  It provides suspense, a little bit of humor, and a few shocks  along the way.  It takes viewers into the little burg of Sleepy Hollow,  where a headless horseman seems to be on the rampage.  Ichabod Crane (this  is where the story-line really deviates from Irving's tale) is dispatched  from New York City to investigate the murders.  Burton's creative mixing of  science and classic American literature is phenomenal.  <br />Furthermore,  Depp is astounding as Ichabod Crane.  He brings a &quot;spookiness&quot; to  the role, while still retaining the overall timidness of the character.   Ricci too brings an edge to her role that is desperately needed to make the  concept work on film. Not to mention a delightful appearance by horror film  veteran Christopher Lee.<br />The dark scenes, the haunting music, and the  driving story line make Sleepy Hollow a movie worth seeing and owning.
B00000K3UR|2.0|I seen the trailer, and it looked hilarious.  However I left the theater disapointed;If the film was half as good as the trailer would make you believe this would have been a comic masterpiece!
B000002BUY|5.0|One of the few so called &quot;nu-metal&quot; bands that are actually doing something a bit different, and the results are fantastic. For those of you that first heard Incubus through &quot;Pardon Me&quot; off of 'Make  Yourself' this album may shock you at first. While 'Make Yourself' is a  somewhat gentler, atmospheric piece, 'S.C.I.E.N.C.E.' sonically assaults  you from cover to cover (with a brief break on track 6 for some trip-hop  and on track 9 for a nice little lounge song). Fans of Mr. Bungle and Faith  No More would enjoy this album, as their unpredictable funk jazz sound is  quite reminescent of the two. Also, fans of the Korn/Limp Bizkit scene  would find this a welcome addition to their CD collection, as well as  provide an interesting twist on metal. Stand out tracks are  &quot;Vitamin&quot;, &quot;New Skin&quot;, &quot;Glass&quot;, &quot;A  Certain Shade Of Green&quot;, &quot;Favorite Things&quot;, and &quot;Summer  Romance (Anti-Gravity Love Song)&quot;. Be sure to stay tuned after track  12 is over from some interesting sound bites.
0812580346|5.0|Sawyer's novel deals with one of the biggest questions of all:  do we have free will, or are our lives destined to go a certain way regardless of our wishes.  A philosophical problem, you say?  Appropriate maybe for  late-night dorm room arguments?  Sawyer shows us that modern physics  actually has much to say about this issue.  He presents a very interesting  plot that explores this question, bringing in block universes, quantum  uncertainty, and more.  And yet this is not just a theoretical exercise.   Sawyer writes about real people (there is one scene in this book involving  a little boy who, through the mechanism of Sawyer's plot, has ended up  seeing an autopsy that I don't think I will ever forget).  Very well  written sci-fi, very thoughtful, very entertaining.  Five stars.
B0000019PA|5.0|I just can't say enough great things about this album...except that I'm completely addicted beyond all mortal control. You seriously owe it to yourself to buy this album if you even remotely like Dylan, the Beatles, or  hell, even Nirvana. Jeff Magnum has such a timeless voice. Excellent stuff.
0767849493|4.0|This is a film I had waited for and even though I tried to keep objective, my expectations were extremly high. Sadly it did not live up to them. What I was left with was simply a very good film (not the best I have ever  seen).<br />To get the whining out of the way I have to say that Smith  overreaches. He tries to blend comedy with tradgedy, serious with  hillarious and action with drama. This sounds almost impossible, and in  this case it is. You can see what it is he wants to get across, but it does  not get there by itself. This makes for many of the scenes giving you a  feel of &quot;that was great, but...&quot;. And, as always, knowing when to  stop at the end is difficult. This is actually a very good example of the  problem with the film. The ending is filled with a cople of very funny  comments and actions, there is a lot of drama and a very serious sensmoral  as well as a good bit of action and suspense. Half would have been good  enough, now it is to much (but the answer to the big question might be the  best I have ever heard since 42). Also I found the Golgatian somewhat over  the top.<br />Still this is a very good film. The dialogue, something I think  there is nobody able to match Smith at, carries you through very long  scenes, and the caracters might not always be perfectly belivebull, but are  definetly interesting enough. But what I fell for were the details, the  things that were never actually said (anybody familiar with the title of  Balzebub will understand the peculiar soundeffect when the  &quot;inliners&quot; were near). Also there is a grain of truth in almost  all of the crazy theological matters that the film makes fun of. For  example in the older versions of the bible the Holy Ghost (a part of the  trinity and therefore God) is in femininum, there were quite a few gospel  writers who never made the cut for the big book and the original curch had  nothing of the outer trappings that follow modern religion (for starters  they did not have priests, simply an idea that bound them together). And it  must be said that I found the scene with the fireextinguisher funny enough  to excuse anything.<br />The cast is nothing short of brilliant. Some of them  have rather difficult roles to play (how would you play God?) but somehow  they manage.<br />This is a film to watch with an open mind and with your  sense of humour present. As such I can not help but recomend it.
6304044836|5.0|There is so much to love about this film.<br />Harrison Ford's acting for one.  Imagine trying to play someone who is pretending to be in love, who is in love, but just doesn't know it.  Ford pulls it off in style.<br />Julia  Ormond is fantastic as well, as is Ford's younger brother played by Greg  Kinnear.<br />There is a lot of subtle humor to enjoy in this film, such as  Ford asking, &quot;Why does he keep saying that?&quot; upon Kinnear's  exclamation of noticing the grown-up Ormond for the first time in a couple  of years, or Ford showing prospective buyers the indestructibility of a  television screen during a family party.<br />Personally, I prefer this  version to the original.
6305538018|5.0|This great flick is of the same general theme as &quot;Dark City&quot;, or &quot;The Matrix&quot;.  It's really creepy.  You almost feel like you are watching a play here, there is a very minimalist approach to settings,  generally speaking, and very few real special effects.  (I pause here to  note that what special effects are featured, are done in classic,  characteristic Cronenbergian fashion, i.e., they're usually really gross.)   Also, there is relatively little background music, which makes you focus on  what the actors are saying, more than on the general background mood that  the music is usually there to enhance, if you see what I'm saying.  But  beyond that, the actors generally really respect each others' space in this  movie.  It is a little like the isolating effect produced in &quot;The  Shining&quot;.  A character speaks, there is an almost imperceptible pause,  and then the next person speaks.  This is sort of what I mean by comparing  it to a play -- they aren't usually caught up in some physically wild  situation which forces them to be yelling in each others faces, etc.   <br />The background theme that this is all about social games that go on  every day, is quite intriguing.  Sarah Polley has an interesting, albeit  small, role at the end, in which she seems to really play up the whole  theme of small social games having a perhaps overriding importance in our  whole sense of who we are.  The whole thing of having games within games is  quite mesmerizing, and in a horrible way, Jude Law and Jennifer Jason  Leighh's very last lines are really something to mull over, calling into  question the whole idea of Art.<br />Three thumbs up -- whoops, blew my cover,  I'm a mutant.  My mutantship notwithstanding, however, definitely see this  one, it is very unusual and thought-provoking.
B00004RFFS|4.0|Really great acting by the ravishingly gorgeous leads - Brad Pitt (as Louis) and Tom Cruise (as Lestat), and a fine performance by Kristen Dunst (as evil Claudia...she later appeared on ER as Charlie =)) The directing  and script are great - they capture the dark mystical essence of the book  perfectly, but at times the movie lapses into long and rather tiring  ramblings.
B00001QEE2|5.0|This is one of Disney's most enjoyable movies.It is fun to watch,has peppy songs and of course...great sidekicks.No, this isn't the technical version of the myth of Hercules.Most Greek myths aren't suitable for children.But  what it is, is a well made cartoon that keeps kids entertained and adults  amused with it's sly references.
6304913176|4.0|I read Heinleins book years ago and was impressed by the writing but disturbed by the opinions he voiced. However this film manages to turn the neofacistical vision of Heinlein into something far greater.<br />The acting  is ok, actors like Clancy Brown are typcasted (but good at it), Ironside is  always good, Dina Meyer was a positive surprise and so on. However there  are a few (no names) you feel got the role becouse of looks rather then  their skill at acting.<br />If you turn your brain of this is an amusing  action movie that sometimes leans towards splatter. When you turn your  brain on the film is much more. Paul Verhoven manages to make everybody  sound so sincere when they describe there way of life as the best possible,  but the words they say and the newsreels (if you have an interest in  history you will recognise the style) gives a different picture. In the  same way he manages to, in the middle of the &quot;heroism&quot; of the  soldiers, to show how like the bugs and men realy are. The pictures of  milling soldiers could easily be compared to the milling bugs, both subtly  directed by a &quot;brain&quot; who spends lives without a second thought  in the pursuit of a greater goal (the Gestapo uniforms are a little to  obvious but a nice touch). Another interesting part is when you compare how  Rico and Dizzy are treated. Who was the person realy responsible for Ricos  first promotion? In this manner Verhoven also manages to turn the end into  a sad event (read &quot;Enders Game&quot; to find another way to look at  the same situation) even though everybody is cheering.<br />This is a film  directed at those who will march when they are told to march and who wave  their flags when they are told to, never thinking about where they march,  who they are marching for and for what they are waving. As such it is  worthy of thought. And if this is not your style it is still a movie with  big explosions and lots of action.
6302293553|5.0|This comedic classic takes the cake as Monty Python's best work.<br />Those unfamiliar with the Holy Grail may need to watch it a few times to fully enjoy the humor, while those who have seen it before will fully enjoy its  wacky characters and memorable scenes.<br />  -Lancelot's ill-fated wedding  slaughter.  -The Knights who say &quot;Nee&quot;.  -The insulting  Frenchmen.  -Tim - the Sorcerer.  -The killer rabbit.  -And so much  more.<br />Senseless British humor at its best!
B00002ZMNW|5.0|This video is the best especially the director &quot;Wayne Isham&quot; he took exellen shots of the band, and also the conductor &quot;Michael Kamen&quot; he made v-good background music, believe me the concert is much  better than the music CD like: In &quot;The call of Ktulu&quot; you can't  almost hear the guitars but in the video you can hear the guitars like the  original track on &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;. James,Lars,Kirk,Jason  played verry well but i think if Metallica made another S&amp;M Concert  they shall add: 1 - The Unforgiven  2 - Fade to Black 3 - The Unforgiven II  4 - Welcome Home (Sanitarium)<br />Thanks alot for your reading...<br />            ...THE END...
6305842442|5.0|May still be my favorite all-time movie - and I think the directors cut is just fine. My only problem is that i have seen Blade Runner over a hundred times at the very least with the Harrison Ford Voice-Over (since it was  first in the movie theatres way back in the dark ages) - so every time I  watch the movie - I still hear the faint echoes of Harrison Ford's voice in  my head while he's sitting under the overhang waiting for a place to sit at  the noodle stand. Of course it might not be Deckard's voice I'm hearing -  but that's besides the point. GREAT MOVIE!
6305903182|5.0|Wes Craven and crew have done it again!  I anticipated this movie since May of 1999, when I heard that pre-production had started.  I waited impatiently until its scheduled release in December of 1999.  I was shocked  to see it had been moved to February, but I waited even more impatiently.   In the best horror film series I have seen yet (and I have seen a lot), the  Scream series provided laughter, suspense, happiness, and sadness all in  one big package.  All the characters in this movie, as well as the other  two were written to the point that you know them, and you feel with them,  and even get scared with them.  The twists and turns in this movie kept you  guessing, but you just couldn't quite figure it out until you were told.   Even though there were different writers, the story was blended beautifully  and all your questions were answered at the end.  It was really the end,  unlike some horror series that kept coming with all new characters and  stories.  This movie was packed so tight that your eyes couldn't leave the  screen, almost sucked you in with its eerie flashbacks and daring escapes,  not to mention the all too famous murders that made Scream a classic.  This  movie, as well as the first two, were done as they should have been:  to  get you to sit, stay, and suck you into the downright horror that makes  them good.  I recommend this movie, as well as Scream and Scream 2 to any  horror film lover, as well as some who are into a little mystery.
B00000IOSU|5.0|There is nothing more Spiritual, more loving, or more moving, than to hear someone singing from their soul.  Sarah is in touch with that, and conveys it in this album.  Her music in this album displays a love for life, fun,  and people.
B00002Z88D|3.0|Metallica a big name and they were good live band one day but now they arent james sing like he dont want to sing the others play ok but still not like they used to play...anyway about the songs some of them sound cool  some of them sound shit but almost all the song the intro is cool then the  rest of it is shit the new songs are ok no leaf is fantastic with the  orchstra Human has a good intro and thats all if you want a good Metallica  live album forget this one if you want to here how James is soooo bad live  these days go ahead and buy this album.
B00003CWL6|5.0|the film is intresting and show the American live and the youth problums
6305562474|5.0|Dangerous Liaisons is one of my all-time favorite movies. The acting is excellent (with the exception of the disaster that is Keanu Reeves...) Glenn Close, without a doubt, was an excellent choice for the Marquise de  Merteuil, my favorite character, and before her broken image fades into the  credits, you see that she had finally lost the game. The charisma built  between John Malkovitch's Vicomte de Valmont and Michelle Pfieffer's Mme.  Tourvel makes you really believe that they are in love, showing that real  emotions can crack even the coldest of souls. Uma Thurman was a good Ccile  de Volanges, but probably not the best choice. Swoosie Kurtz was a hoot as  Mme. de Volanges, Ccile's over-protective and good-to-do mother. The  wonderful script brings the classic tale of sexual intrigue and anamosity  to life, as done by the elaborate stage play a year before. And as I said,  when the last frame fades to black, you are left to digest a controversial  and mind-bending tale of what happens when the game goes bad, and when the  players get played by the pawns.
0783114222|5.0|I used to have a casual interest in the space program prior to watching the series, but upon taking the kind of intimate look into the truly Herculian task of sending (and equally important, returning) a man to the  surface of the moon as portrayed by this series, I gained a complete new  respect for the men (and the wives of those men) who took such a bold step  into the future.
B00000IMCW|5.0|This installment in my opinion surpasses the original classic NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD by far.  It also surpasses films like THE EXORCIST, THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE, and HALLOWEEN.  But that's only to a die hard zombie  fan.  <br />But the movie is great.  What makes it so great is that the movie  is showing the corrupted society as it crumbles as the zombie reign gets  bigger and bigger. Romero does a great job with all aspects of the movie.   He makes it scary, intense, exciting, riveting, dramatic, and upseting.   The movie leaves you in your seat confused and breathtaken.  This movie  gets 5 stars in my book.  I reccomend you see it soon :)
B000001IQH|5.0|What the hell are you waiting for?  This is by far Rancid's best CD and certainly one of the best albums I have ever heard. Literally every one of the 19 songs has something cool in it.  Olympia, Timebomb, Ruby Soho, Old  Friend, Disorder and Disarray, As Wicked, too many others to mention.  If  you can get past Tim and Lars' awesomely dreadful vocals (the main reason  Rancid was never as popular as Offspring or Green Day) this is just  amazing.  Rancid has a bunch of CDs, but this is the only one I would deem  a masterpiece!
B00001PE4D|5.0|Dangerous Liaisons it's not, but when you think about it, Roger Kumble had no business turning the story into a teen movie. Even though the concept of teens stepping into the shoes of the Marquise de Merteuil and the Vicomte  de Valmont was a bit objectionable (no one wants to see a movie about what  most kids are doing in high school...) \\"Cruel Intentions\\" was a  treat.<br />The script was extremely faithful to Dangerous Liaisons. I was  disappointed when a certain someone was actually alive to drive a car in  the last few frames because when that character died in Dangerous Liaisons,  the ending was much more tragic. Never-the-less, that was my only real  complaint. Even the Blaine-Greg bedding was in the original, just packaged  differently as the tryst between Azalan and Julie. And yes, I supposed it  had to be two guys because I doubt a guy-girl romp would shock anyone in  that movie. No matter what anyoen says, Sarah Michelle Gellar did a good  job as Kathryn, taken from the Marquise de Merteuil. She was manipulative,  wicked, and two-faced. Everything the character shoudl have been. If only  the ending was different... Ryan Phillippe was a good Sebastion (a la the  Vicomte de Valmont) if not for the acting talent, then for the cheap butt  shot that got girls everywhere screaming. Reese Witherspoon's Annette,  taken from the pious Mme. de Tourvel, was updated to a more believable girl  who just wanted to make sure her first tiem was with someone she loved.  Selma Blair was a hoot as the naïve Cecile. This was an improvement from  Uma Thruman, but not really comparable in the least.... All in all, Cruel  Intentions may not be a masterpiece, but it is still a fantastic movie for  someone out looking for a good time.<br />PS -- the Swoosie Kurtz throwaway  was incredibly fun. She treats Valmont the same way she did when she was in  Dangerous Liaisons...
6305776369|1.0|i just can't believe the high rating people are giving to this extremely bored, sucking movie. thank god i work at a video store and didn't had to pay anything for this &quot;fiasco&quot;.  sorry, just didn't do it to me,  i watched it with a friend, and we both we're speechless: we couldn't  believe how bad this movie was.  i didn't expect much anyway, but when the  movie started, when i saw tom green, i really thought it was going to be  cool.  got it all wrong.  if you like wacky, crazy, funny movies, then rent  Half Baked or Night at the Roxbury, don't waste your money in renting this  crap.  Or, wait until someone you know rents it and watch it just so you  can see how stupid and boring it is.  i rest my case.
B00000K2SE|5.0|I know this may seem weird, but I have watched this movie everyday for the past 2 weeks. IT ROCKS THAT HARD!
B000023X9W|4.0|I'd give it 4.5 stars too.  <br />I'm a Neil Young fan, and I've stuck by him even through &quot;Landing on Water.&quot;  I really didn't expect to like this album very much, since I didn't care much for &quot;Harvest  Moon,&quot; or even &quot;Freedom.&quot;  I downright hated &quot;Sleeps  With Angels.&quot; My favorite album is &quot;On the Beach,&quot; so I do  like Mellow Neil.<br />And this is Mellow Neil all right... it's really some  of his best mellow work to date.  He's contemplative but strong.  Someone  criticized him for sounding tired, but I actually think that the tired part  makes the album-- it adds a different emotion.  The tunes are well-crafted,  and his voice sounds great.  A definite must-have for any Neil Young fan.
B00004LN16|5.0|In my opinion this is there best album since &quot;Razors Edge&quot; or perhaps Back In Black. The songs have that bluesy sound that they had with Bon Scott. Especially songs like &quot;Can't Stand Still&quot;,  &quot;Meltdown&quot; and &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; have that certain   sound. For a long time AC/DC have one of my favorite 3 bands, considering I  ran out and got it the first day! If you like this I also suggest AC/DC's  &quot;High Voltage&quot; and &quot;74 Jailbreak&quot;.  Recommended to  anybody who likes any type of music!
0679410503|5.0|The first three Vampire Chronicles (&quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot;, &quot;The Vampire Lestat&quot;, &quot;The Queen of the Damned.&quot;) in a beautifully designed keep case that resembles a coffin  is a nice acquisition. Even that they are in an abridged version this does  not disminishes its enjoyment. Besides they serve as a testimony to  demonstrate  how a story can be fit in two hours (Hollywood is adapting  &quot;The Queen of the Damned&quot; and everything seems to indicate that  it's going to be transformed into another version of &quot;Buffy)
B00004STPT|5.0|I am really impressed with this album.  It definately deserves 5 stars and is very unique
B000005HO0|1.0|It is impossible for me to listen to this album. I had a good laugth listening to it for the first time... I wasn't able to recognise any song! This is a bad performance, badly recorded, badly produced... forget it and  get De Mysteriis Dom Sathans instead.
B000002KZA|5.0|After an album of rather varied quality in &quot;A Broken Frame&quot;, Depeche Mode really comes together for &quot;Construction Time Again&quot;.  Maybe it's the arrival of Alan Wilder, or the marked improvement in both  Martin's songwriting and David Gahan's vocals.  I believe that it's a  combination of all three.  Whereas &quot;A Broken Frame&quot; saw Martin  trying to fill the void that Vince Clarke left by attempting to fill his  shoes in the songwriting department, &quot;Construction Time Again&quot;  saw Martin Gore trying to write songs like Martin Gore instead of like  Vince Clarke.  <br />As for the songs themselves, Martin has his first truly  great song in &quot;Everything Counts&quot;, one that seems to get better  with each listen.  Over 12 minutes of this CD are devoted to two versions  and a reprise of &quot;Everything Counts&quot; and I never tire of it for a  minute.  Other highlights of this album come from Martin's &quot;Love, In  Itself&quot; and &quot;And Then...&quot; and underrated songwriter Wilder's  &quot;Two Minute Warning&quot; and &quot;The Landscape is Changing&quot;.   I often wonder why Wilder stopped writing Depeche Mode songs after the  &quot;Some Great Reward&quot; album as his tunes are among my favorite  early DM tunes.  <br />There are only a couple downsides on the album (and  they aren't that significant). One is the song &quot;Pipeline&quot; which  honestly is pretty stupid but is almost saved by vocals from Martin Gore.   The other is the whistle-like bit of the song, &quot;Shame&quot;.  What was  that?  Random notes on a toy recorder?  It's a pity that's in there because  I like the song other than that, and I still listen to this album all the  way through.<br />Although I'm a big Vince Clarke fan, I'd have to call  &quot;Construction Time Again&quot; the best pre-&quot;Black  Celebration&quot; Depeche Mode, just beating out &quot;Speak &amp;  Spell&quot;.  This is truly an underrated and too often overlooked album  that every fan of Depeche Mode should own.
0156907399|5.0|There is only one way to describe this book: the way one would describe the cistine chapel or the Mona Lisa or Notre Dame.  This is simply a classic.  It breaks the confines of ordinary books to deliver a work of art that truly delves into the lives of its characters.  I will admit, when I  first started to read it I didn't quite get it.  However, once I reached a  certain part in the book, everything started to make sense (though that was  largely a result of the class discussions on hte book).  Those who  criticise the book are seldom the people who finish it.  If you want a  light beach book to take to Florida over vacation, I suggest finding  something else.  However, if you want a challanging literary masterpiece,  you've come to the right place.
0440234743|5.0|When it comes to novels about the law and interweaving an exciting plot into them, Grisham has both the talent and the fans to make him a success.  <br />In THE TESTAMENT, Troy Phelan has decided to bypass his six legitimate children and endow his illegitimate daughter, Rachel Lane, with his fortune  of 11 billion dollars.  It is quite a fortune, and the Phelan heirs are not  going down without a vigorous fight.  That's where Nate O'Riley comes in.   He's a tough litigator who specializes in medical malpractice suits.  Josh  Stafford, Mr. Phelan's attorney and executor of his holographic will, has  plucked Nate from his cushy rehab center where he's been a patient for four  months.  Nate is sent on an adventure through the Pantanal in Brazil to  search for the elusive Rachel Lane, a missionary working among the Ipica  Indians deep in the Pantanal.  <br />Nate never convinces Rachel to sign the  papers to accept her gift bestowed upon her by the will.  She wants nothing  to do with the money.  <br />All in all, this is a fast-paced, tension-filled  read.  I enjoyed every page.  It is the best Grisham has written since his  thrilling novel, A TIME TO KILL.
0060977493|5.0|This is a wonderfully crafted, stirring book.  Arundhati Roy uses language so deftly and powerfully and so appropriately to the characters and story that she has created and is telling.  It has caused me to rediscover and  re-love words and language and expression, and see the wonderful potential  that they have; how language can be used so uniquely, which is what she  does here.  As part of the enchantment of this novel, she uses metaphors  and similes that initially slap you with their rawness and everydayness,  but then refresh and enliven in their simplicity and colour.  She has so  skilfully woven chapters from different time periods to, ever so carefully,  reveal her story with maximum power and impact, so that knowing what will  become of the characters, we are even more moved by the specific event(s)  that shaped and altered their lives as they are unfolded to us.  One of the  most engaging and rich books I have read.
B00004STPT|4.0|I couldn't wait to hear Mr. Zimmer's newest score.  I have enjoyed listening to his past compositions  over and over again and was eager to hear his vision of the Roman spectacle.  I was very disappointed to hear  how much of Holst Mr. Zimmer had blantantly lifted and NOT (at least on any  of the printed material I could find) given credit to.  <br />The overall  effect of the music, Holst not withstanding, is powerful and mystical.  I  just wish Mr. Zimmer had given credit where credit was due.  The etherial  vocals are a powerful contrast to the sounds and images created darker  moments of war and battle.<br />I would recommend this soundtrack and hope  that the listener would then listen to Holst'&quot;The Planets&quot; to  hear the complete and powerful &quot;Mars, the Bringer of War&quot;.
B000002N3J|5.0|I've always been a Madonna fan, and I love &quot;Something to Remember.&quot;<br />This is a collection of ballads; there are new songs and old hits. &quot;Crazy for You,&quot; &quot;Take A Bow,&quot; and &quot;Live  to Tell&quot; are a few of the old hits included on the CD. I love the old  songs, but it was &quot;You'll See&quot; -- a new track -- that blew me  away. The melody is beautiful and Madonna sings with a great deal of  emotion and depth.<br />This is a great CD, and if you're a Madonna fan, you  should own it!
6305428522|5.0|Rare is the movie that ends TOO soon.<br />This movie draws you in from the very first scene and has you firmly in it's grip until the closing credits.<br />The movie, which is set in the '50's, is filled with characters  you care about, well acted, every nuance well established and played by a  magnificent cast.
0385486804|4.0|Into the mind<br /> I recently read the Jon krakauer book Into the Wild.  This was a very good book about a boy just out of college and on a mission.  He eventually wanted to live in the interior of Alaska, a bitter and harsh environment.  Chris didn't get there right  away; he stopped in many places, like Arizona, North Dakota, and  California.  He was somewhat a drifter, and couldn't stay in one  place for more than 2 months.  He liked to live off the land and  looking death straight in the eye.  That's exactly what happened, he  was found dead in Alaska.  This isn't giving anything away, because  it's in the very beginning of the book.  This book isn't really an  account of what happened to Chris McCandless, but more of why he did  this, and how he became the person he was.  It really analyzes  Chris's life as well as other people who like to \\"live off the  land.\\" I really enjoyed this book, which is why I gave it 4 stars.  I've never known or heard of anyone who goes into the wilderness and  just lives there.  So this book really kept me interested, which is  really important.  I didn't like it just because it was a new subject  for me; I also liked it because of what a good author Jon is.  He  describes everything in detail, and you have a really good picture in  your mind of what he's talking about.  I also liked it because you  can form you own ideas about how Chris died exactly, or how he became  the way he was, the author just didn't come right out and say  \\"this is how it has to be.\\" You could let your mind wander.  I  didn't give this book 5 stars because it did get a little boring at  some parts.  The author talked about a lot of other people who died  in the wilderness like Chris.  I didn't think this was very important  to the story line.
B00004SVIK|5.0|Considering this was recorded almost 20 years ago, the sound quality is tremendous.  If you love the Wall, I can't see you being disappointed with this CD.
B00003CWPQ|1.0|An overrated movie from an overpraised director. Still, it's sad that the man behind Dr. Strangelove finished his life and career on this low note.  What is the point of this movie?  Is Kubrick exploring the psycho-social  ramifications of orgiastic sex?  Is it a statement on the subterranean  mores of cosmopolitan wives?  Is it a warning that a dangerous cabal  controls the sexual topography?  Is Kubrick enjoying a private joke at the  expense of Tom and Nicole's acting abilities? Even the film's ardent  admirers can't say.  But why should we fault them?  Kubrick himself seemed  confused.  If you are someone who likes to see some examination of virtue  (as well as  decent acting) in a drama, you will find very little of value  in Eyes Wide Shut.
B00004STPT|4.0|I am glad to see that Lisa Gerrard is finally getting some public notice for her outstanding voice.  Gerrard's career started in a duet project with fellow singer Brendan Perry called Dead Can Dance.  DCD mixed their  authentic interpretations of Hindi, Early Christian, Celtic,  African(Arabic/andSub-Saharan), and Aboriginal into a magnificent ethereal  collage. Although this soundtrack is good within the context of the movie,  it doesn't do enough justice to Gerrard's powerful sound.  Perry would have  been an excellent addition to this soundtrack with his equally rich vocals.       Bottom-line: If you even remotely find this interesting, I recommend  that you listen to a few cuts from Dead Can Dance.  A fan since 1996......
B000002LSV|4.0|This is all you will ever need by ZZ TOP.The Songs Here have had Impact.Legs,Gimmie All Your Lovin',Sharp Dressed Man, are the main Cuts.they Have talent but The Material never got out of the 80's.Still this  is Good Stuff to have.
B00000DLVA|5.0|If you've listened previous albums of The Cardigans you'll be a little bit surprised about their latest album Gran Turismo. It is mostly pessimistic, dark but impressive. You won't be able to find songs similar to Carnival or  Lovefool or other sweet songs (maybe except Erase/Rewind). nina's voice is  still very lovely and her lyrics are fantastic. The best tracks in the  album are &quot;Paralyzed&quot;, &quot;Marvel Hill&quot; and &quot;Hanging  Around&quot; but in fact I loved all the songs which is something you  cannot expect from an album this is why I think it is the best album of  '98. I also love previous Cardigans albums but this one is very, very  special.
B000006YXV|5.0|MARVIN GAYE Put So Much EMotion&amp;Power into Everything He Ever Sung.this Set Highlights the Power Of His Genius.When You Hear His Voice You are Feeling Something.His Words&amp;Music are Timeless.His Material  Spans From The 60's thru The 80's but it will go Many,Many,Many Years Into  The Future.When You Hear The MAN Sing You Know WHy He is A Legend.He Was  One Of A Kind.
B00004STPT|5.0|When I first got &quot;Gladiator&quot; a few week ago and gave it a listen, I wasn't thinking much of it, except the fact that track #3 &quot;The Battle&quot; and #13 &quot;Barbarian Horde&quot; were really  really cool battle tracks with a great beat and visceral rhythm to them.  When I saw the movie and listened to the soundtrack again afterwards, it  completely enraptured me. Sure, there's thematic similarities in the Battle  Themes to Holst &quot;Mars, Bringer of War&quot;, but that's okay. David  Herschfelder was able to get away with it in another convincing and very  original way in &quot;Elizabeth&quot; by adding a choral section. Hans just  cranks up the rhythm to it and mixes in his own flair to make it original.   But the greatest treasure on this CD isn't the battle themes, as I'd  expected, it's the last three tracks, sung by Lisa Gerrard. They're  absolutely beautiful, ariatic and solemn vocal pieces that penetrate into  your heart and give real emotion to the sadness and loss that Maximus  (Russel Crowe's character) feels when he has lost it all: all this while  still keeping a beautiful mood of releave and relaxation of death:  &quot;letting go&quot; so to speak, and the peace in death. It's like Lisa  Gerrard sings in the language of our souls so that they can understand what  she's trying to tell us. I'd plunk down any amount of money for just the  last three tracks &quot;Elysium&quot;, &quot;Honor Him&quot;, and &quot;Now  We Are Free&quot;. That's the truth. <br />&quot;Am I Not Merciful?&quot; is a  great choral track that also shows off Zimmer's orchestrations and synths.   All the other tracks aren't that bad either, and I'm sure that after  repeated listenings you'll find these to be little nuggets of gold as well  that complement the rest of the material on the CD. <br />This is definately a  must buy. I'm not kidding at all. If you say the movie and hated it in  every way, or if you're only a fan of pure orchestral works (I never  realizedthere was any ever synths on the album), then you'll probably  might wnat to skip this CD.  Those of us about to die salute  &quot;Galdiator&quot; and it's composer, Hans Zimmer and singer, Lisa  Gerrard.
B000001FXX|5.0|This Album is Really Strong.The Music&amp;Lyrics are Solid all the way through.His Genius Rings Loud&amp;Clear here.NO Woman No Cry,Revolution Really Stand Out.Bob Marley Never Fronts it's always on the Real.
0790734435|4.0|I watched this movie on TV and really enjoyed it, although it is a bit silly at times which is why I gave 4 stars. The actors who played Batman, Catwoman, and Penquin did a great job on their parts.  I liked some of the  lines that Catwoman said which made me laugh...especially what she said to  the two policemen in the store with her. Even though this isn't really all  for kids, it is a good movie for everyone to watch.
B00004STPT|5.0|Lisa Gerrard is amazing!  She is always amazing. Combine her talent with the mastery of Hans Zimmer, and BAM! what a friggin soundtrack....
B00003CWL5|5.0|FOR SOME AMERICAN BEAUTY WAS A DESCRIPTION OF THE PREDICAMENT OF TODAY'S AMERICAN LIFE STYLE AS WELL AS THE DEVALUATION OF VALUES SUCH AS FAMILY IN THE VERY SAME SOCIETY. FOR OTHERS IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE. I WOULD AGREE WITH  THOSE WHO SAW IT AS A GREAT ONE, SIMPLY BECAUSE IT GOT YOU THINKING!  I  STRONGLY BELIEVE THAT THERE IS A LOT MORE TO AMERICAN BEAUTY THAN BORED  MARRIED COUPLES, MOODY YOUNGSTERS AND TEENAGE SEDUCTRESSES. IT IS A STORY  OF TWO ORDINARY FAMILIES, FAMILIES WHICH COULD BE LIVING NEXT DOOR TO US  FACING PROBLEMS THAT ANYONE CAN FACE AND COPING WITH THEM IN A DIFFERENT  WAY. ALSO IT IS A VERY LIVELY DESCRIPTION OF TWO KINDS OF FAILED PARENTS  THE ONE HAVING FAILED TO MAKE THEIR KID NOTICE THEM AT ALL OR PAY ANY  ATTENTION TO THEM AND THE OTHER BEING SUBMISSIVE AND OBEDIENT TO AN OVER  STRICT, ARMY OFFICER, AND AT THE END QUEER FATHER. IT IS A WONDERFUL  OCCURENCE THAT THE KIDS OF SUCH FAMILIES COME TOGETHER AND DISCOVER  SOMETHING DIFFERENT, SOMETHING UNIQUE THAT MISSED: WARMTH. IN MY OPINION  THE SUCCESS OF THIS MOVIE IS THE FACT THAT IT COCENTRATES ON ONE TOPIC,  WHICH IS THESE TWO FAMILIES WITH ALL THAT GOES ON, BUT IT CAN GET THE  VIEWER TO THINK DEEPLY AND SPECULATE ABOUT THE COMPLEXITIES AND  COMPLICATIONS OF MODERN FAMILY LIFE AND LIFE-STYLE. DON'T MISS THIS GREAT  MOVIE!
B000002572|5.0|Boston, the project of MIT graduate Tom Scholz, stands alone as the greatest debut (rock) album ever.  Scholz knows how to write great songs and the production on Boston is way ahead of it's time.  Do you ever listen  to an older cd and wish it would be remastered because the sound did not  stand the test of time?  Not so with this album, it does not need to be  updated.  Scholz knew what he was doing (a master's degree in engineering  will do that for you).<br />The songs are all staples of classic rock radio  from the emotional masterpiece &quot;More Than A Feeling&quot; to the  rockin' &quot;Smokin'&quot; and the epic &quot;Foreplay/Long Time&quot;,  this album is brilliant.  You can sense the depth and feel the emotion in  every note.  Scholz has a talent for writing very melodic guitar parts  coupled with extremely catchy vocal melodies.  The lyrics aren't complex  (you don't get that with Boston) but who cares?  The songs are great.   <br />Brad Delp should also be noted for his amazing vocals.  This guy is one  of the best.<br />I never tire of this album.  It is truly one of the great  rock albums of all time.  Thanks, Tom, you made Boston what they were and  still are today.
6303314015|5.0|This is by far my favorite Disney movie and one of my top 5 favorite movies in general. It's songs, plot, and animation are far better than a lot of the other animated movies out there, in my opinion. It's a great  movie for kids, but adults normally like it too.
B000002L99|5.0|One word that describes Van Halen's first album with rocker Sammy Hagar is &quot;energetic&quot;.  You can feel the energy pouring out of 5150.  The whole band must have been on a creative high when making this album because  5150 is crackling with energetic fun.  Rockers such as &quot;Get Up&quot;,  &quot;5150&quot; and &quot;Good Enough&quot; really show the lightning Van  Halen captured for this recording.  The powerful &quot;Best of Both  Worlds&quot;, the soaring &quot;Dreams&quot;, the fun &quot;Summer  Nights&quot; and the radio-friendly duo of &quot;Why Can't This Be  Love&quot; and &quot;Love Walks In&quot; are all highlights on this  excellent release.<br />Van Halen builds on their previous album, 1984, with  5150, 1984's natural follow-up.  In fact, even though 1984 is a good album,  I like 5150, with it's high level of energy, even more.  5150 takes 1984's  formula of hard rock, metal &amp; pop-rock and injects it with  electricity.<br />Great album!
B000002LND|4.0|Madonna's one of those artists that no matter what happens to her, she still comes back to her music with a new image and sound to her songs. As much as I love her modern stuff, I have to praise her for her classics from  the 80s. That is what makes this CD so great. I was only a toddler when a  lot of these songs came out and would never have heard some of them if it  hadn't been for the local 80s/90s music station. My favorite songs are:  Holiday, Material Girl, Crazy For You, Open Your Heart, and Like a Prayer.  Most of the others are great too. Buy this CD, it's a great way to relive  the 80s.
B000003TA4|5.0|For those who weren't around yet, it may be hard to understand why this album is so damn significant. For those of us who were around, however, it's still as palatable as the very first time &quot;smells like teen  spirit&quot; graced my virgin ears. While we all have our favorite  albums,and this is mine, no single album of the past decade, save for Dre's  &quot;the chronic&quot;, hit with such an impact as this one. Upon hearing  this album for the first time, it was as if I had awakened from a sixteen  year slumber. This record turned me on to music. Of the 13 tracks, at least  11 of them are absolute classics. &quot;Nevermind&quot; conveys the sense  of smoldering teenage hurt, confusion and anger that finally erupts into  one huge cathartic tidal wave. However, this music isn't just for insecure,  alienated teens. It resounds with instantly catchy hooks, beautiful  melodies, thunderous rythms and memorable lyrics. This album is  indespensable to anyone interested in understanding the direction of rock  music since 1990 or for anyone who wants just a great rock record.
6305426651|4.0|This is not your typical feature film at all; it is rather a series of vignettes and by now most of the \\"free\\" world knows who is starring in it. It isn't that Roberto Benigni is such a poor choice to occupy centre stage;  he is good enough and funny enough and so on. There is just too much of  him, and no, he isn't that funny. <br />The \\"story\\" of the film is interesting  enough when it eventually gets around to telling it. We may even allow  ourselves to be taken in, to some extent, by the childish subterfuge which  is used to protect the boy from the worst of the horrors surrounding him.  But the end is oh, so predictable and I for one couldn't help wanting to  take a peek around the corner to satisfy myself that Benigni wasn't about  to leap back into life and take over the screen again. That may not be the  right way to greet the understated savagery of the Nazis, but somehow  justice was being served at the same time. Enter the Americans, reunion  with mom... I mean - really! In my book, although I quite enjoyed it in  parts, it's just a shade over-rated.
0140277447|5.0|Unlike Germany, Japan as a nation has never fully accounted for its sins of the Second World War.  &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot; shows in graphic detail that the country has plenty for which to be sorry.  Chang details the grusome carnage that followed Japan's takeover of the city that was  then China's capitol.  The Japanese were so brutal in fact, that the top  local Nazi official on the scene was horrified.  Chang is a gifted writer  whose personal involvement in this story (her parents are survivors of the  Sino-Japanese War) is clearly evident.  This is a book that DEMANDS to be  read.
B000020617|1.0|SELL-OUT,that is the word that can best describe the foo-fighters. without kurt cobain, Dave Grohl would be working at working at some fast food place in seattle. without Kurt D. Cobain, Dave Grohl would be nothing. Dave Grohl  doesn't even give a thank you to kurt or even mention the man who got him  where he is in life. so dave grohl  can just play some stupid alternivite  songs forget about his past and act like he would be some great big rock  star without KURT D. COBAIN!  AND NIRVANA!
B000002GW5|5.0|Jackson Browne recorded some great music in the 1970s, culminating with &quot;Running on Empty,&quot; the most ambitious &quot;live&quot; album in rock history.  All of the songs are new and many were recorded in unusual  locations (such as a hotel room).  The title track is Browne's best known  song, but there are many other classics here, culminating with &quot;The  Load Out/Stay,&quot; which turns into a surprise duet.  This is a must have  album for anyone interested in 70s rock.
B00000AFFI|5.0|The third Harvey recording to grace my collection and the slowest of them to get under my skin.  I was certain Her (earlier work) guitar playing, was her signature trademark. that is untill I heard 'Is This Desire?', Now Im  convinced its the visceral vocals. I cant think of another singer that  belts it out with more determination and emotion.   This Disc is atleast,  if not more, of a revelation for me than 'to bring' and 'rid of me'.  after  listening to '...desire?' I have a question of my own- Can this woman do no  wrong?
0380002930|5.0|I think this book was really great!  My 7th grade math teacher recomended it to me. Thanks to him I have discovered another wonderful classic. I think Fiver was the most suspenseful character. What ever he predicted  always made you wonder if it was  going to come true or not. It made you  want to keep turning the pages. This book also teaches you about the  outside life. I think after you read this book it seems like you want to  meet a rabbit in real life. And sort of get to know him. If you have not  read this book read it its the best!
B00000J7J4|4.0|By Melanie Wiiliams.  Look at the stars fly for Carlos Santana's CD &quot;Supernatural.&quot;  What I like about it was all the different types of music and all the different artists that were featured on it.  Like The  Product G&amp;P, Wyclef Jean, Rob Thomas, and a lot more stars then that.   The main question is what do you want?  Do you want great music with  different meaning behind it or something with nothing behind it at all.   The decision is for you to make on your own.
6303187064|5.0|One of the best films I've seen, It's dark and hauntingly tragic.I found it surprisingly emmotional, Brandon Lee did great acting in this movie, and it's too bad he's not alive making more films today.This movie had a cool  Gothic style that went great with the action sequences, I loved the story  and the cast.I really recommend this movie, it's a darkly brilliant piece  of filmmaking.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Paul McCartney bought Pet Sounds for his (grown) kids so they could appreciate timeless music.  He loves this album and so do I.<br />That said, let's get back to the Surf's Up discussion of the previous reviewer (since  there isn't a released Surf's Up at this time where I can offer comments).   I hope we can start a movement here for reevaluation of this excellent  album.  Pet Sounds came out when I was graduating from high school, and  it's a perfect evocation of the wistfulness and uncertainty of that point  in life.  By the time Surf's Up was released, I had been through anti-war  and civil rights protests and I was a draftee in the Army.  Surf's Up  addresses those very different times and circumstances.  It's not all the  Brian Wilson show, but if you listen to it with fresh ears and ignore some  of the personalities involved, you hear songs about ecology and social  justice that were more out front on such issues than most rock groups of  that period.  CSN&amp;Y got a lot of attention for singing about Kent  State, but the Beach Boys sang about the deaths of black students at  Jackson State (&quot;nothin' much was said about it, and nothin' much was  done&quot; -- how true).  Also, the Beach Boys don't get much credit for  the so-called &quot;quirky&quot; songs of the type that appeared on later  Beatles albums with few complaints.  Writers dismiss &quot;A Day in the  Life of a Tree,&quot; (gee, a talking tree) ignoring the soaring harmonies  that build to a cathedral of sound at the close.  &quot;Side two&quot; of  Surf's Up (from Feel Flows through to the title track) is a pensive  evocative suite of music that is one of my favorite album sides.  If Pet  Sounds perfectly captures teenage angst, Til I Die, the penultimate song on  this album, provides the poignant grownup point of view.  The final cut,  Surf's Up, is one of the best album closers in all of music -- magnificent  singing, arrangements, and lyrics.  It's time to give the Beach Boys'  &quot;second best&quot; album its due.
6305308659|5.0|Pleasantville is a great film.  I saw it in the theatres when it first came out.  The DVD version is incredible.  This film really has something to say about our society and people in general
6305807086|5.0|Spike Jonze's &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is like a breath of fresh air. Even those who watch many films (like me) may not be prepared for this movie.<br />The film is about an unsuccessful puppeteer who is in love with a  woman and wins her heart by controlling the actor John Malkovich, to whose  brain he has found a portal. Though the story is absurd, the film is not  merely about its gimmick but full of fantastic twists and turns which I  would not dream of revealing here. The film is so original, so unique  indeed, that during watching it I sometimes found myself asking: &quot;Is  this really happening, am I really watching a movie right now or is this  just a Kafkaesque dream.&quot; Like &quot;Fight Club&quot;, the film  manages to be intelligent, furious and very entertaining.<br />&quot;Being  John Malkovich&quot; is a reminder that even today it is still possible to  tell a story in a way like it was never done before. It will be a daunting  task for director Spike Jonze and screenwriter Charlie Kaufmann to live up  to this film in the future.
0312932081|5.0|I havn't read a real novel in a long time. I think this book got me interested in reading again. I don't need to describe the book. Others have already done that. I couldn't put it down, for if I did, I'd be up all  night thinking about it.
B000002C1W|5.0|Songs like Learning to Fly, On the Turning Away,  and One Slip are among my favorites. This CD has some very cool textures, tripy sounds, wierd lyrical concepts.  But even more wierd and perplexing are all of these bad  reviews. This is one of my favorite Floyd CD's. More keyboard layering went  into the production of these songs than other releases. If you like  atmosphere and texture then this CD is for you. This disc also has the  usual tasty Gilmour guitar work on here as well.
B00000JGOH|3.0|As I see this movie again, the only emotions I can describe feeling are disgust and disbelief at the Academy for giving the Best Picture Award to this movie instead of Saving Private Ryan.  Yes, this movie was clever,  fun, entertainment and gave a happy afterglow post-viewing.  However, in no  way did it address anything of such emotional and philosophical depth as  Saving Private Ryan.  The only reasons this movie won Best Picture was with  clever marketing and lobbying and the fact that it was the anti-Saving  Private Ryan, making no demands of the viewer to examine deeper, darker,  and more complex issues.
B000002OX5|5.0|Do you really want to know which album was the Who's best? This one was - and is. No contest. The writing and playing (Keith Moon especially delivers the best drumming of his career, and Pete Townshend is finally coming into  his own as a singular guitar player - playing only what's needed and damn  certain of what and where for the first time) are both inspired and un-self  conscious despite the presumed radio satire concept - &quot;Odorono&quot;  alone should have guaranteed its position, a witty dissembling of every  love and show business cliche in the book and some very smart guitar  tandems by Townshend. And it would stand up as the Who's singular  masterpiece even without the inclusion of, arguably, their best single,  &quot;I Can See For Miles&quot;. (Quick: Which track concluded with a theme  which became one of the three dominant musical motifs of the forthcoming  &quot;Tommy&quot;? Answer: The finale of &quot;Rael&quot;, which - taken on  its own terms as a rock mini-opera - beats the living bejesus out of  &quot;A Quick One While He's Away&quot;.) It's no coincidence that this  album's original appearance (1968) came in hand with the Who beginning to  fatten their appeal as a concert attraction - with material like this to  work with, they weren't an instrument-smashing joke any longer. Now, they  were becoming merely great.
B00004STPT|5.0|I appreciate, listen to, and collect movie film scores, particularly adventure scores. While not previously familiar with Zimmer's work, I have since come to greatly appreciate this score. It perfectly matches the  larger than life quality of the film. It does what it's mean to do; enhance  the movie and contribute to the emotional content of what's seen on the  screen.
B00002Z88D|2.0|Stop and think before you read this......about the stuff your listening to, and about it. I mean they may rock and roll your head off, but look at the message they're sending off. I mean give one listen to devil's dance  and that makes you feel all weird inside. And they may make a lot of 'good  noise' but still think before you do things and listen to music like this.
0792837924|5.0|I read the book two years b/4 the movie came out and LOVED it.  I expected to be disappointed as it is difficult to paint on film as well as in a book.  Not in this case.<br />Not only was the movie basically true to the  book, it was funnier.  I also rewatch this movie when I'm bored and  continue to be amused.<br />As you may know, rumor has it Leonard wrote this  after dealing with famous Hollywood short guy, Dustin Hoffman.  I don't  know if that's true but Devito was great lampooning Hollywood and Chili  Palmer was played to perfection by Travolta.  I try to limit 5 star ratings  but this one is definitely deserved.<br />It's a shame that movies that  entertain are not highly respected by the Academy.  Isn't that what they  are supposed to do?
B000000OTU|5.0|How can you go wrong here? One of the best bands in rock giving you their best hits... it's bound to be good. This disc might as well be  called &quot;MTV's Greatest Hits of the 80s,&quot; really. This belongs in any  music enthusiast's library.
B000000W5B|4.0|&quot;Goats Head Soup&quot; holds a pivotal spot in the Stones' ouevre. After a string of albums that all rank in the pantheon of rock 'n' roll classics, this one clearly showed that the glory days were waning. There's  a lack of enthusiasm and inspiration that marked the Stones' best work.  Yet, there's something about this record in its decadent, druggy feel, a  kind of quiet desperation (it's the English way) that permeates GHS'  grooves -- this intangible is what gives it power. As far as the songs go,  they're wildly inconsistent. &quot;Angie,&quot; &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;  and &quot;Coming Down Again&quot; (maybe Keith's all-time best song) are as  good as anything the Stones have ever done, but &quot;Silver Train,&quot;  &quot;Hide Your Love&quot; and &quot;Star Star&quot; are embarrassing. A  lot of people malign &quot;Dancing with Mr. D,&quot; and yes, the lyrics  are lame, but any song that rides on such a great, archetypal Keef Richards  riff has much worth. All told, GHS is valuable just for the 3 great songs  and the awesome atmosphere. And the back cover photo of Keith is a  remarkable portrait of the ravages of heroin addiction.
0316548189|5.0|I rarely feel compelled to read a book in one go, but this one was unputdownable despite its length. I was particularlly impressed by Manela's brilliant memeory, his sense of humour and most importantly, the lack of self-aggrandizement that usually occurs in autobiographies. Mandela  situated himself amidst the struggle and not above it, providing useful  insights into the intricate and complex relationship between the white  minority and oppressed majority. It also revealed the extent of foreign  intervention in both entrenching and the later removal of the white  government. It is true that the plight of the blacks in South Africa has  not ended with their assumption of power and civil strifes (typical of  post-independance countries in Africa) are continuing to threaten peace yet  an understanding of the history of South Africa should start with Africans  themselves. Manela is the best starting point.
B000023X9W|5.0|Most age 50+ rock &amp; pop stars become either syrupy balladeers (Stevie Wonder), nostalgia exploiters (the Survivor/Styx/REO Speedwagon tour), hacks (Phil Collins), or bizarre museum exhibits (the Stones). Neil Young,  Lou Reed, Patti Smith and a minuscule number of others, thank the maker,  still put out great, inspired music. Some people might think that  &quot;Silver &amp; Gold&quot; is some sort of regression to the  &quot;Harvest&quot;-type acoustic, folky stuff that has been Neil's most  commercially successful work. Nonsense. This is a man that's tried all  sorts of genres, to varying success, and if he wants to go back to a spare,  contemplative style of writing, it's only fitting for a guy who's spent 30+  years writing songs. It doesn't hurt that this is a stellar collection of  songs and performances. &quot;Without Rings,&quot; among others, is as good  a song as anyone in the music biz can muster. I'm not even half Neil  Young's age, but he has my total respect and admiration.
6305807043|3.0|This strange, intelligent movie features some of the gloomiest, off-kilter scenes since Brazil. It's visually depressing, but it's also provocative and inventive, and ultimately touches on some unexpected philosophical  issues: the importance of not losing one's identity, and the vacuousness of  immortality. Director Spike Jonze deserves top marks for casting against  type, a brave decision which elicits truly career-expanding performances  from Cameron Diaz and Catherine Keener. All in all, I like the idea of this  movie better than I liked watching it.<br />YOU MAY NOT  LIKE THIS MOVIE IF:   If you like movie stars to look like stars, and you're disturbed by the  idea of watching Cameron Diaz and John Cusack play physically unattractive,  frumpy losers ... if you're expecting to see lots of scenes with John  Malkovich ... if you're uncomfortable with gloomy film-making and  introspection.
B0000024YL|5.0|I have actually &quot;studied&quot; the works of Simon &amp; Garfunkle,limited almost entirely to this Greatest Hits, although I have heard them ALL. The words, their meaning, the aliteration of the words, the sound of the voices as instruments, the perfect music rising ad faling, stronger then softer, every aspect of Simon&amp;Garfunkle's work TOGETHER is perfect harmony and the MASTERPIECE of an entirely Unique ArtFORM.There is no work, neither before nor since the Union of Paul and Art, to even come close to being comparable to them and the work they did together.  Cerainly Paul Simon has gone on to enjoy a successful solo career, which is Unique and Splendid in it's own right, yet is completely severed and seperated from Simon and Garfunkle as a UNION- A PERFECT Union, may I add?  I must admit,though a lot of their works had their own melancholy aspects,listening to it in the present with the knowledge of them having broken their almost Spiritual Union, adds a sort of hushed heartbreak to an already passed, never to return, era of their own.Simply mulling over the possibility- To reunite them now,would only cloud the pristine Memories and the repeating enjoyment of experiencing their original magic.MAGIC MUSIC.  This review is a disappointment to me, for given the time,and appropriate writing arena, I could dissect(and praise)on each of the multiple levels, layers,and cross sections of each word,hum,note,of each song,would grow bigger than a simple review. I've discussed with fellow Simon&amp;Garfunkle appreciator (fan is much too small a word!) friends of mine how wonderful it would be to have actual college level courses devoted soley to the works of this pair. &quot;Simon&amp;Garfunkle 101&quot;. I'd take it (or teach it!)
B00003CXDU|5.0|Galaxy Quest works on so many levels, it's a pity George Lucas didn't see it before he filmed Phantom Menace. No matter what you want, GQ delivers -- as a witty Star Trek spoof, as a sci-fi adventure, as a comedy, as summer  escape, as an old fashioned salute to ordinary guys-turned-heroes. <br />This  movie draws on all the cliches, and yet manages to give you fresh, clean  entertainment, hitting a rare sweet spot of warmth and intelligence. Sound  familiar? It should: the original Star Wars had many of those same  qualities, albeit on a grander scale. In its own unassuming way, Galaxy  Quest (not Phantom Menace) is actually the true heir to the modern sci fi  tradition.<br />P.S.:  yes, Tim Allen really can act.
B0000060LT|4.0|I heard about the Dirty Three after i was really getting into Godspeed You Black Empeor and Mogwai, so i picked up Ocean Songs at my local used cd store, and i have to say i ws pleased.  Really sorrowful but not as  downbeat and cynical as GSYBE or Mogwai. Aparently they really rock in  concert.  Oh, and it's good for doing homeowrk to, becasue it's engaging  enough that you want to listen to it, but not overwhelming so that you can  concentrate on your Pynchon or Joyce novel.
B000009RC2|5.0|Truly an amazing album.  The first time I heard this album, I used headphones.  There is definitely a trance-like quality throughout this work.  I was especially in awe of the fourth track, &quot;A Lotus on Irish  Streams.&quot;  After the first three rocking tracks, this piece's simple  and acoustic beauty hit me like a ton of bricks!  For a moment, I thought I  was dreaming the tune. It wasn't a dream, thank goodness! All around, a  compelling, haunting and beautiful album. Definitely listen to it with  headphones at least once!
B000001E8P|5.0|5 years after it's release and it still amazes me!  Every song is humable, every song painfully true, every song a winner.  The older I get the more i apreciate the honesty and wittiness of Jarvis Cocker's lyrics.  and the  music isn't half bad either.  Like a fine wine, this album only gets better  with age.
0312853238|3.0|I've had a paperback copy of Ender's Game on my bookshelf for years, but for whatever reason, I never got around to reading it.  When I found out there was going to be a movie of it coming out, I decided to look the book up on Amazon.com and read some reviews.  Wow!  I've never seen so many  five-star reviews for anything.  Not Citizen Kane, Star Wars, Animal House,  Shakespeare, not even the Bible.  I figured it was time I give the book a  shot.  Now that I've read it, I can add my opinion to this ever-expanding  forum.<br />I think I should premise my remarks with a couple of preliminary  statements.  First, I'm 27 years old and I've been a huge fan of science  fiction since I saw Star Wars when I was four.  I've read one previous book  by Orson Scott Card:  the novelization of James Cameron's The Abyss, which  I thought was pretty good.  I know Ender's Game is a very well-loved book,  and in expressing my opinion, I'm not trying to anger anyone, but am just  trying to say what I feel.  Here goes...<br />I really wanted to like Ender's  Game, but I just didn't think it was all that great.  It wasn't bad, but it  just never really involved me the way that a great book does.  What  bothered me first off was the quality of the writing.  I thought it was  extremely poor in places, and at best mediocre.  Card doesn't even seem to  follow the basic conventions of fiction writing.  He'll be in a  third-person descriptive paragraph and then throw in a first-person thought  mid-stream without any set-up.  I found this kind of thing distracting.  It's not that the rules and conventions of writing shouldn't be challenged  and bent (good writers are always doing this) it's just that I felt in this  case, it wasn't Card using artistic license, but rather just writing  poorly.<br />Other aspects of the writing itself bothered me.  The lack of  vivid description was one of them.  Except for in the case of some of the  better action sequences, I generally felt that I was reading about  something that had happened to somebody else instead of feeling like I was  there experiencing it myself.  That's the first job of any great writer, to  be able to paint with words in a nuanced way that makes the reader feel he  or she is uniquely experiencing the world of the story in the first person.  I never felt that in Ender's Game.  Also I felt the language was overly  simplistic and at times unceasingly idiotic.  What's with all the fart  talk?  Surely by having them use a certain amount of slang, Card is  reminding us that his characters are children.  But I really got tired of  reading the word &quot;farteater&quot; after a couple dozen times.  That  one in particular became very grating.  Even the adults say it to one  another.  Coupled with the weak writing, the language choice and crude  dialogue just seemed to undermine the integrity of the story-telling.<br />Now  on to character.  I just felt these characters weren't very deeply drawn.  I wanted to sympathize with Ender, but from the beginning, didn't feel very  close to him.  He's supposed to be superhuman (either a Christ-like figure  or a second coming of Hitler, or maybe a mixture of the two, depending on  how you read the character) and I felt this just made me feel extremely  distant from him.  I could never see myself making any of the choices he  makes.  There's too much cold calculation in Ender, and not enough genuine  human feeling.  I felt that Card's attempt to humanize the character  through his relationship with his sister Valentine was forced.  There's a  lot of telling in this book.  Card tells us that Ender loves his sister,  that Ender is a genius, that Ender is afraid of becoming the killer that  his brother Peter is, but there is precious little showing.  There was  never a quality scene between Ender and his sister that made me feel what  they felt for each other.  I have a sister that I love very much and I know  what that love feels like, but I never felt those kinds offeelings while  reading about these characters.<br />I don't want to be overly critical.  There were some good things in this book, too.  It was definitely a  page-turner.  Despite my earlier criticisms about the writing, the story  itself is well put-together.  Once you get involved, you're compelled to  finish it.  If you're a somewhat fast reader, you probably won't need to  bother with a bookmark for this one.  Also, I would say overall it was a  pretty fun read.  I'll give this book three stars, because I think there's  some great potential here that, in my opinion, is just not fulfilled.<br />I  don't mean to slam this book if it's your favorite.  I don't like it when  some one says this or that is a &quot;bad book&quot; or a &quot;bad  movie&quot; period.  I don't believe in those kinds of absolute labels.  Every reader brings something unique to a work of fiction and experiences  it on a special plane that no one else can ever quite know, even if that  other person is your twin brother and has read all of the same books you've  ever read and seen all the same movies and known all of the same friends.  The experience of reading a book is a magic one, a sacred one even.  If you  loved Ender's Game, I have nothing bad to say about that.  In fact, I think  books are a great thing to be passionate about.  This one just didn't do it  for me.  My favorite science fiction book is hands-down Hyperion by Dan  Simmons.  That whole series, in my opinion, is some of the best written,  most thought-provoking, emotionally-involving storytelling out there.  Thanks for your time.  Here's to good reading....s of feelings while  reading about these characters.<br />I don't want to be overly critical.   There were some good things in this book, too.  It was definitely a  page-turner.  Despite my earlier criticisms about the writing, the story  itself is well put-together.  Once you get involved, you're compelled to  finish it.  If you're a somewhat fast reader, you probably won't need to  bother with a bookmark for this one.  Also, I would say overall it was a  pretty fun read.  I'll give this book three stars, because I think there's  some great potential here that, in my opinion, is just not fulfilled.<br />I  don't mean to slam this book if it's your favorite.  I don't like it when  some one says this or that is a &quot;bad book&quot; or a &quot;bad  movie&quot; period.  I don't believe in those kinds of absolute labels.   Every reader brings something unique to a work of fiction and experiences  it on a special plane that no one else can ever quite know, even if that  other person is your twin brother and has read all of the same books you've  ever read and seen all the same movies and known all of the same friends.   The experience of reading a book is a magic one, a sacred one even.  If you  loved Ender's Game, I have nothing bad to say about that.  In fact, I think  books are a great thing to be passionate about.  This one just didn't do it  for me.  My favorite science fiction book is hands-down Hyperion by Dan  Simmons.  That whole series, in my opinion, is some of the best written,  most thought-provoking, emotionally-involving storytelling out there.   Thanks for your time.  Here's to good reading....
B000007T2Z|5.0|While i agree it is not as good as the slow riot EP (that one just has more power and builds up to something) it is still one of the most amazing cds i;ve heard in a long time.  Creepy, sensual, loud, quiet, it makes me  want to barracade my door and wait for the end i'm sure is comming.  It may  be dark, and pessamsitic, but never depressing.  THeir lives shows are also  something to behold.
0066620694|5.0|This book takes a radical position that great companies can fail precisely because they excel at the commonly accepted practice of good management. And it shows companies how they can avoid that fate.
B00003CXDU|5.0|This is the funniest video I have seen in a long time a definite buy!
0066620694|5.0|This book takes a radical position that great companies can fail precisely because they excel at the commonly accepted practice of good management. And it shows companies how they can avoid that fate.
B00004STPT|5.0|Quite a good soundtrack from Zimmer and company. For any classical music fan or soundtrack fan, this is a must buy. I greatly enjoy all the songs, and totally recommend the track, and not to mention the awsome movie that  is paired with it.
B00000JG41|4.0|Faith No More is No More!  One of my favourite bands disassembled after releasing &quot;The Album of the Year&quot;!  I fretted and groaned, paced and sweated, had anxiety attacks and wept.  What was I to do?  Okay, the  &quot;Who Cares Alot?&quot; compilation was released.  That was swell; but  not swell enough; i wanted more!  Kid Rock gave me a feeling that maybe he  had the stuff on his album &quot;Devil Without a Cause&quot; but it was too  immature.  The Beastie Boys gave us &quot;Hello, Nasty&quot; but it was too  hip-hop.  I wanted Mike and the boys of Faith No More!<br />Mr. Bungle was  around, but they'd been a little too strange in the past.  What with  burping and other bodily sounds scattered throughout their cacaphony of  unstructured mish-mosh, I felt as if I would become schizophrenic just from  being too near the CD.  But, I became desperate.  Positive reviews (right  here on Amazon.com, folks!) steered me towards the newest album.  I broke  down; I bought it.  And what do my ears realise!   Why, it's the Mike  Patton of old.  It's songs that could have been taken from the &quot;Angel  Dust&quot; sessions.  Oh, what joy!  What rapture!<br />I played it again, to  make sure I'd not been mistaken.  A brilliant album, concise, and loaded  with the beats and inconsistencies that made FNM who they'd become.  It's a  new generation of FNM, but with enough to make it unique and stay true to  the elements that created the original Mr. Bungle.  <br />It's 45 minutes of  the stuff I've been waiting for since the departure of FNM.  Thanks for the  memories, but thank you even more for staying brilliant!
B000002U82|4.0|I think this is a great album, and I can't understand those who can't get it. Sonically, the remaster is an improvemnt on the original CD issue, but the (no longer available) Mobile Fidelity pressing is simply better.
B000000WCX|5.0|This is a heavily techno CD.  And the great thing about it is that you don't have to like techno to love &quot;Earthling&quot;.  I hated dance/techno music before i listened to this CD but Bowie, once again,  changed my mind for me.  My favorite song on the CD is &quot;Dead Man  Walking&quot;.  I can dance to it AND sing along.  The work is well rounded  and daring.  Bowie, the rock legend, has amazed me once again!
B000001GPX|4.0|In the terrorism wave of the mid 70s in Europe (when this 5th was recorded) fate does not knock on the door, but blows it up with a machine gun. Kleiber's offers a shocking 1st movement and a contemporary view of  the music. Yet the music can be calmer as manifasted by the more classic  approaches, like Furtwangler's or Klemperer's. The 7th is also a great  performance and a testimony of Kleiber's art. Add to that the mid price and  it is a very good buy. This is an essential 5th and 7th and reccommended,  but by no means definitive. But can you offer not to have alternative  versions of these masterpieces?
B00001QGPR|4.0|This CD is a draing contrast to &quot;Earthling&quot; and is very good.  However, Bowie has an AMAZINGLY strong and rich voice and, in my opinion, he dosen't use it to it's full potential here.  This is music I'd play for  a romantic dinner at home with my husband.  I would like to hear a new  Bowie CD where he really utilizes those lungs and gived us something to  sing along to.
B000005J56|5.0|May I start by saying that I am unfamiliar with Cuban music and I was never crazy about any Latin American stuff. But I found this CD awesome and I can't get enough of it.
B00002Z88D|1.0|Suing 350,000 fans in conjunction with the Napster action helps Metallica not a bit. Slapping fans in the face is a good way to start a career at McDonalds. I'm using my Metallica CDs for coasters now.
B000002LPD|4.0|This is not Van Halen's best album by any means, but it is nonetheless one of the better ones.  There are certainly enough hits on this album to warrant its purchase.  Sammy Hagar has always been my favorite singer (over  DLR, but not by a long shot) and he is in fine form here. The music is  great, the lyrics are catchy and somewhat edgy and the overall effect is  very effective.  Worth having for all VH fans.
B00003RQNJ|3.0|When the movie first came out I would have rated it 4.5 out of 5.  But sadly, it hasn't aged as gracefully as I would have liked.  Some people love 70's Bacharach music, some hate it.  It's one of those movies where  when you watch it today, you realize that it has become somewhat dated,  mainly due to the music I suppose.  However it is still a solid movie with  many good moments between the three leads.  Interestingly enough when this  movie and 'The Sting' was released (Redford &amp; Newman are the leads in  both), Butch Cassidy/Sundance Kid was considered to be the better of the  two movies.  Now, over time, I would say that the opposite is true.  'The  Sting' has aged far more gracefully over time.
B000002L99|5.0|In my opinion, this is the best Van Halen album, and certainly the best since DLR left the group. With only 9 songs, this is not a very long album.  However, what is hers is excellent and the album as a whole is fantastic.   When a friend and I saw VH in 1995, they played 3 songs off of this album.   Sammy Hagar, at the time a brand new recruit, shows considerable talent in  both songwriting and vocal ability.  Some VH fans lament the lack of DLR's  edgyness and stage presence, but I for one think Hagar is not only  considerably more talented and musically gifted but better for the group.   This makes it all the more regretable that Hagar left the band.  With the  release of 5150, VH suceeded in doing what many bands fail to do - a  lead-singer transplant with not only an excellent survival rate, but a  renewed sense of life.  Unfortunately, it was relatively short lived (just  over a decade) and VH now seems to be have a terminal illness and impending  death.  The reinstatement of Hagar seems to me the only thing that could  save this once-great group.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS AN EXTREMELY DETAILED POINT OF VIEW OF A LOSER'S MIND AND HIS LIFE TRANSFORMING INTO AN ANARCHIST STRONG IN BELIEVE, IT HAS A STRANGE TWIST TO IT, SAD BUT TRUE MESSAGES, AND ENOUGH HUMOR TO KEEP YOURSELF  ENTERTAINED
B000002MUQ|5.0|It is such a shame that big egos (more than likely the brothers' Van Halen) had to clash and ruin what had grown to be a fantastic rock group. Sure, the sound was more &quot;pop&quot; than heavy metal like the first  few albums, but groups can progress, can they not?  This album had a  fabulous first single - Don't Tell Me (What Love Can Do) and followed it up  with several others. Don't Tell Me starts out with a signature guitar riff  from the master, but this one is somehow different.  It is one of the best  intros to any of VH's songs.  Hagar's voice is in top form, and the overall  sound is fresh, familiar and extremely likeable.<br />It is then such a shame  that this is the last album Sammy Hagar was a part of Van Halen.  Eddie's  immaturity and great ego probably forced Sammy out of the group, and their  &quot;III'rd&quot; attempt turned out to be a collosal failure.  Eddie  seemed to regress - he regrew his hair (big mistake) and lost the goatie.   He went on the defensive and bad-mouthed Sammy, when he had been the one to  spear-head the bands' most popular period.  With 5150, VH truly were on  their way to becoming a great group, and unfortunately that is over.  My  only hope is that Sammy goes on in his solo career to eclipse any future VH  projects they may attempt with a FOURTH singer.  He truly was the brains  and telent behind the bands' continued success in the mid 80's.
630575067X|5.0|I have to be honest I was not to keen on this movie at first but after watch it two times it was fantastic sure it had it problems but that only leaves room for imporvment I must have seen seen it 5 times when I got It.  I think to many people act like crtics when it comes to this movie I think  they should just sit back and enjoy it for what it is not what it can be.
B000002MY3|5.0|This is certainly one of the finest albums from a female artist in the past decade, and possibly one of the best ever.  The first single released was &quot;You Oughta Know&quot;, and it was simply fantastic.  The sound  and fury of the lyrics was refreshingly different from the typical  bubblegum pop from female artists at the time (at least those that got the  most radio play).  The singles did not stop there.  &quot;Hand In My  Pocket&quot;, &quot;Ironic&quot;, &quot;All I Really Want&quot;, &quot;You  Learn&quot; and &quot;Head Over Feet&quot; are all wonderful songs and  could make the careers of many artists.  The fact that they (and others)  are all on one album is amazing.  The entire album is totally complete and  can be listened to in its entirety.  Few albums are as perfectly put  together as this one is.<br />Those of us in Ottawa (her home town) had heard  of Alanis for years.  She was always on talent shows and at sporting events  singing our National anthem.  My family personally knew the Morissette's  and had said many times that she would one day become a star.  How  wonderful that it turned out to be true!
B000001FDQ|5.0|This is the greatest cd that I own out of 200. I don't really care for the singing because I am a guitarist but the album still shines out magnificantly. My favorite song is &quot;Far Beyond The Sun&quot; because  it shows how much skill Yngwie has as a guitarist and compositionist. I  recommend this album to anyone who is an aspiring artist
0964385619|1.0|The author and a very, very small percent of people will ever strike it rich and the odds get much worse if you don't have an education.  The odds are about as good as winning a multimillion dollar LOTTO.  The advice in  this book will cause most who follow it to live paycheck to paycheck with  no security.  But the author is making millions touting this nonsense.   Kids need to be taught about money but this book is the road to poverty.
0515127485|4.0|Let's separate books like this, spy/political thriller/what-if books, from literature in general. For instance, this is not &quot;The Reader&quot; by Berhard Schlink, nor is it &quot;Enduring Love.&quot; What it is is another  outlandish thriller in the same vein as &quot;Fatherland,&quot; another  Harris novel.<br />The real difficulty in these types of books, as far as this  reader is concerned, is keeping the mystery moving, not cheating the  reader, and not letting us down at the end. It's very difficult to pull  that off, but Harris does it as well as any other writer since John Le  Carre.<br />Other reviewers have complained about aspects of this book like  its outlandish suppositions, but that's the whole point. And I enjoyed the  book all the way through, though I do confess to the occasional  &quot;skim.&quot;
B0000047D5|5.0|I've been getting more and more into jazz over the past few months, and so I try to find recordings that have a classic jazz sound, but that also go a little bit out.  &quot;We Get Requests&quot; doesn't stray very far from  the classic jazz sound, I think, but the music on this album is fresh and  exciting.  Through a lot of online trading and an occasional purchase  myself, I've amassed a jazz CD collection of over 200 CDs and this is  easily one of my favorites.
1573228214|5.0|High Fidelity is a wonderfully funny book about a feckless thirty-five year old commitophobe who owns a record shop in London and spends his life dodging everything that really matters. Sometimes his almost dull-witted  fear makes the reader impatient, but he does move on after a fashion,  finally. This really is a terrific book, an easy read, and quite enjoyable.  A lot of the characters are readily recognizable be you English, American,  German or Uzbeki. Maybe not Uzbeki. But the other stuff, yeah.
B00001OH7U|5.0|This has to be of Bowie's best works.  Songs like Golden Years and Word on a Wing are 'true' classics.  However,the best song on this recording would have to be Wild is the Wind. I recommend this album to anyone who is new to  Bowie and his artful style of music.
6305807930|1.0|If you purchase this movie because you are a fan of Keith Emerson (as I did), the only part you will enjoy is the music.  This movie is typical of the nonsense that Europeans call film.  It seems its only goal from a  visual aspect is to present wild, un-connected poorly acted scenes.  The  story was almost non-existent.  The lighting and set design looked like  that of a college film student.  The dubbing was almost unbearable to  listen to.  If you want to support Keith Emerson - buy his CD's.
6305327084|5.0|This movie is one of my favorites! It really shows the difficulties that people have between one another.  And not just between guys and girls; but differences between guys and guys, and girls and girls as well.  It really  defines true friendship and shows how friends help each other through the  tough times.
0385484518|5.0|I thought this book was a great choice.  Never a slow moment in it.  I love the reality in it as well.  With the situation of death is always around, I think that everyone can relate to the story in some way.  I  recommend this book to everyone.
0780625129|5.0|American History X is a MUST see.  This film is very graphic, griping, and  will open your eyes to some of the causes of hate that is flourishing in  this world.  After viewing this film, you cannot help but think about it .  . .  constantly . . . for days afterwards.  It is THAT powerful.  Edward  Norton gives a stellar performance and you can FEEL his rage, his hate. You  actually feel the skinhead that he has become.  His time in jail allows him  to transform his hate into compassion and love and it is ironic how this is  actually accomplished.  In fact, all of the actors were excellent in that  you could \\"feel\\" what they were going through as well.  The casting was  excellent.  You cannot help but be gripped by the overwhelming  emotions.<br />I would love to see this film as a mandatory requirement for  all students in this country - I believe it would have the powerful effect  of reversing someone's hate and/or prejudices.
B00002DEQQ|5.0|I was in Frankfurt recently for the annual music fair and some colleagues/friends and I were in an Irish pub and heard this album being played on the pub's house system. We didn't realize it was Tom Jones at  first, but when we did we were blown away.  It's a great album with  remakes, like &quot;Mama Told Me Not To Come&quot; and a new song &quot;Sex  Bomb&quot; is too cool.  He's collaborated with many different artists and  styles and his voice hasn't sounded better.  He still has it!  A friend and  I ended up going to the World of Music store in Frankfurt and bought the  album.  It's my understanding it hasn't been released in the U.S.  I think  it was number 14 on the German charts.  Try it, you'll like it.
B0000013G9|5.0|This cd has everything from sexy songs to upbeat songs...to serious ones. No matter what mood you're in you'll love to listen to this cd.
0887307396|5.0|I read this book about three years ago and have come back to it many times since -- this is not something I can say about many business books. What makes this different is that 1) it has solid research behind it and 2) the  writers have successfully organized it to be read as a compelling narrative  AND to be usable as a reference. It was at the core of our own  organization's effort to discover and articulate our values, which in turn  helped us focus as we rapidly grew from a small to medium sized company.  <br />I also bought the audio cassette as a bit of crutch to get through it  the first time. Though it requires your attention and a little rewinding, I  found this a great way to both get the core concepts to sink in and, since  then, to refresh my memory on occasion. <br />Last note. I have had the  opportunity to work with two of the mentioned 'Visionary' companies  described in the book and can attest to their substantive cultural  difference and the impact it has on the motivation and focus of their  people. Highly recommended for a wide range of readers.
B000002TYX|5.0|I recommend you get all 3 Anthologies in order. You can slowly hear the change in the Beatles music from beginning to end and you'll enjoy every moment of it!
0790743132|5.0|Casablanca was a watershed in world film making and if you have not seen it, you must. It's as simple as that.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This is definetly one of the best CD's I've ever bought!  It's so DOPE!  Pink is awesome and she is so beautiful and has an amazing voice!  I met her and got her autograph and she was the coolest person-she talked to us  like we were one of her friends!   Everyone should have this CD no matter  what kind of music you like-it has something for everyone!
0793518326|5.0|I have owned at one time or another the 4 Lennon McCartney song books.<br /><br />The major flaw with those books was that they replicated the melody line and attached a chord, but in most cases they came nowhere near the actual arrangements. This is particularly true on piano based hits such as Hey  Jude, Let it Be, Yesterday, Lady Madonna, Back in the USSR etc.<br /><br />This book  gets the original arrangements as played by the Beatles which are generally  much better and actually easier to play a lot of times. You can discern  McCartney's piano style which is not technically difficult. After all you  are accompanying a voice and not playing a melody.<br /><br />So when you play Let it Be it sounds so much better, and with Hey Jude you think that's all  he did to make that sound. Lady Madonna enables you to sound ridiculously  accomplished playing something that is technically quite easy. Obviously I  am approaching this from a piano player's viewpoint.<br /><br />As far as guitar is concerned, it has very authentic transcriptions, certainly on the fingerpicking songs such as Blackbird and Julia, which are not that difficult to reproduce.<br /><br />I have found this  book to be unbelievably helpful. You are getting some of the Beatles trade  secrets here. You finally get to see the outside the box thinking that  separated the Beatles from the rest. I rate this book the best sheet music investment I have ever made, and a must for any aspiring musician. The genius is in the details.<br /><br />I hopethis review was helpful.
B00000DCHD|5.0|Whether you're listening to the beautiful Rosalinda's Eyes or the driving Half a Mile away, 52nd Street delivers a powerhouse punch.  With it's jazz influence pouring over great songs like Zanzibar and the title track, this  album maintains a steady pulse of great musicianship.<br />This is definitely  among the best that Billy Joel has to offer.  Highly recommended for both  casual and avid fans.
B00000IPAX|4.0|yah this is c.d. is cool,  like everyone else has said.  if you don't have it and you like bands like less than jake, mxpx, pennywise check em out, etc and even if you dont, youve heard these guys and they rule. and yah i  gotta admit all the small things has started to wear down on everyone but  buy this cd for all the songs they dont play, thats whats worth the money.   i recommend dude ranch even more.  and just remember....<br />travis is hot.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|When I first heard &quot;Fast As You Can,&quot; I was surprised that a song with such daring changes in rhythm ever found its way onto radio.  After listening to the rest of the album, I am saddened by the lack of  support this album has received from the radio and MTV.<br />&quot;Limp&quot;  is a powerful song of aggression, as is &quot;Get Gone.&quot;  &quot;Love  Ridden&quot; and &quot;Paper Bag&quot; are wonderful tales of woe.  Although Fiona can get carried away with the endings on some songs, she  displays an incredible amount of musicianship on this album.  Without  question, this is one of the finest albums released in 1999.
0140177396|4.0|\\"Of Mice and Men\\" was written bye John Steinbeck and is a fictional book.  \\"Of Mice and Men\\" is a book about two life long friends named George and Lennie.  They go to a farm to do some farm work after having to run away from their old town Weed.  Lennie is a big guy who is retarded and likes to  pet soft things like mice.  George is a short guy who is very smart and has  stuck with Lennie for a while.  In their new farm, they meet many people  including Curley, a little boxer guy who hates big guys like Lennie, and  Curley's wife, who is attractive to the other guys.  Lennie and George have  many grand adventures on the farm.   I would rate this book a 4 because it  was pretty fun to read, it was well written and it had a good plot but  sometimes it got a little bit boring to read and hard to understand but for  the most part it was good.
B000003N7G|5.0|It is a rare treat when an album as hyped as A Love Supreme lives up to the exaltations and praise of its reviewers.  All you have to do to dispel any fear that this album is not as good as they say is to listen to  it.<br />Upon my first listening of this album, I was mesmerized.  The master,  John Coltrane, has created an album that is pure musical bliss.  His  playing is perfect and there is no denying the awesome power this album can  hold over the listener.<br />Buy it.  Listen to it.  Live it.  This is a must  have for anyone who appreciates music in any form.
B00003CWN3|4.0|Hilary Swank is simply astounding in this film. It is easy to see why she won the Oscar for it. Overall, all of the acting is excellent with strong supporting performances all around, especially Chloe Sevigny as the love  interest. The film itself is dark and somewhat dreary and thus, it succeeds  in getting its point across. I had seen the documentary beforehand and if  you have already seen it, you may find some of the film a little boring.  Overall, this is a masterpiece of portraying a segment of our society that  is truly frigtening. Anyone needing a good definition of &quot;white  trash&quot; need only watch this film. The dvd is very good, great picture  quality and features a commentary from director Kimberly Peirce. Several  language options are included.
0783229526|5.0|First off, if your looking for a sane movie don't even both with Fear and Loathing.  The movie's two heros are the antithesis of modern movie heros.  Depp is good, but his performance is a little forced.  Del Toro plays Dr.  Gonzo the way Hunter S. Thompson intended the part to be played.  He is  fat, loutish, drug addicted, and psychotic.  Best Scene of the movie:  Del  Toro in a filthy bathtub wearing a suit, tripping his brains out while  brandishing a humongous hunting knife, and Depp trying to convince him not  to kill himself by throwing a plugged in tape recorder blasting Jefferson  Airplane's &quot;white rabbit&quot; into the bathtub. The book was a  classic, but I think the movie was vastly underrated, mainly due to the  fact that Terry Gilliam is a master at capturing the essence of a work.  Gilliam is a visual master and he truly explores the effects of the  hallucinatory drugs that Depp and Del Toro are consuming mass quanities of.  Obviously, this is not family viewing.  This movie is kind of like taking  acid, it starts off slow, builds to a climax, and then down to a lull.  The  thing is this movie is like taking 50 hits at once.  ENJOY!
B0000028UK|5.0|This is a brilliant album that needs no promotion.  One listen and you'll find yourself becoming enraptured in the tunes.  My favorite track on the album is Rearviewmirror and would recommend it to people just for that song  alone.  There is so much more to the album though that you just have to  listen, feel and enjoy.
0866119612|5.0|The Great Illustrated classics are great (no pun intended) The Strange Case Of Dr. Jekyll And Mr. Hyde is so cool. I love this book. on a scale from 1 to 10 I give it an 11. You can't put it down. I like the pic's they were made very good. This book is so cool. and if you like the word hot  then this book is so hot. This book is good for all ages. I love it and you  will too. Get it and injoy it. READ IT!
0446672653|5.0|In &quot;Many Masters, Many Lives&quot;, Dr. Weis makes a finepoint in explaining his own doubts about the meaning of Past LifeRegression memories... But even though it was very difficult torefute, there was always the possibillity that all of that could be the patient's &quot;fantasies&quot;... Now, He presents another evidence, most of the times unseen by the critics: two people, unknown for each other, remembering the SAME events! And the sequence of events will astonish any unbeliever! Of course, one could always say this is only fiction, that Dr.  Weiss is trying to promote himself, but... well, just read it (actually, read both of them!) and make your own decision!
B000002OVJ|5.0|This album defines why the Who were a great band - the material is fabulous, and the performance is blistering. Listen to the rage in &quot;Summertime Blues&quot; - it makes Eddie Cochran sound like he was on  his way to a sock hop!  Keep in mind that this was recorded in 1969 or 70;  this is also one of the first examples of a band playing this loud, and  they do it very well (check out the Rolling Stones struggling a bit with  high volume on &quot;Get Your Ya-Yas Out&quot;, recorded around the same  time).<br />There is a great range of material here - covers, singles  and  extended jams - and the performances showcase the individual instrumental  abilities of all the members.  Besides the well-known thunder of Entwistle  and Moon, this is a chance to really hear Townsend open up on the  guitar.<br />Overall - top notch work, improved on in the reissue by the  addition of a lot of new material.
B00003CWL5|5.0|The care and detail in which American Beauty was crafted should be the standard of quality for all films being made. Kevin Spacey, alone could very well be responsible for a dramatic change in the way that characters  are portrayed on film. He is quite simply the consumate performer. Don't  watch this film passively, watch it with your eyes, ears, AND heart open.
6301174240|3.0|Okay, no jokes, no pulling punches; we all know the kind of Hell Michael Jackson has been through in the past few years. But this film shows him in his greatest glory: as a naturally brilliant dancer, a truly gifted  performer and showman, and as an inspired innovator in the art of the music  video; all of these qualities coalescing to make Michael Jackson, The King  of Pop.
B000031XCR|4.0|This album could be seen by some as a best-of or greatest hits album, but despite its 9 Celine hits (7 of which were overplayed on the radio and one of which, &quot;Love Can Move Mountains&quot;, was underplayed, a rare fate  for Celine hits), it has enough new songs to avoid being a sell-out album.  While most of the new songs, with the exception of &quot;I Want You To Need  Me&quot; (another Diane Warren penned future superhit) and &quot;That's The  Way It Is,&quot; most of the new songs are not all that memorable, but  they're not bad either.  I find it pleasing even on repeat listens, which  is not all that common with some of Celine's often overplayed hits...
0792156684|3.0|I do enjoy watching Titanic on my 46&quot; television in all its visually and auditory pleasing splendor, but after repeated viewings I get the feeling that I may not have just been served chicken when I see this flick.  The characters in Titanic are way too stereotypical and the people  portrayed have too much of a 2 dimensional as compared to 3 dimensional  feel about them. I will use Rose, Cal, and Jack as examples. Rose serves as  a kind of simplistic bridge between the rich and poor. She seems all too  ready to drop the rich lifestyle with not much more foundation for that  behavior than a bit of pre-wedding jitters. She is extremely ego-centric.  Cal is not evil enough. He is in the worlds of the zany Dr. Evil from  Austin Powers, quasi Evil. Sure he is only interested in showering Rose  with material possessions and has a distaste for those who don't make their  own luck. I stress there are worser fates than that. Jack is a very  unrealisticly optimistic guy who is no more than a drifting artist with no  home and no future. Rose is attracted to the fact that Jack offers her an  undetermined future as well as a chance for a way out of her family  responsibility. By marrying Cal her family stays rich and her mother  doesn't have to work-yet another ego-centric character is Rose's mother.  This movie seems to promote that looking out for numero uno is the correct  way to approach life even if it costs you a great deal of money. That is  just implausibly unrealistic. Sometimes that just gets you into more of a  hassle than you tried to avoid. It's almost welcome when the boat sinks and  foils the plans of Jack and Rose. The real untold story of this Hollywood  Titanic is how Rose survived on her own after the ships sinking. I'm sure  that would be a real box office smash as well. Titanic is such a promising  movie with an awfully poorly written plot. This is an exploitation of the  true victims of the sinking of the Titanic.
B000002UAX|4.0|Okay, I was born in 1981, and no, I'm not obsessed with the Beatles.  This was a good album, with some really rip-roaring songs (&quot;The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill&quot; and &quot;Back In The USSR&quot;), some wierd  ones (&quot;Everybody's Got Something To Hide Except Me And My Monkey&quot;  and &quot;Glass Onion&quot;), some pop masterpieces (&quot;While My Guitar  Gently Weeps&quot; and &quot;Obladi Oblada&quot;).  Overall this album is  good, though not all of the songs are great.  &quot;Revolution #9&quot; is  also superb, though the complete lack of focus on the album is not a plus.  Still, it's the Beatles, and how much can you complain about that...if only  all bands could sound this good without focus...
B000002HAF|5.0|One of the enduring ironies of rock music is that truly fresh and original bands come together for a few years, produce a few memorable albums and then move one, before they have a chance to get the recognition they  deserve. They do, however influence other, decidedly less talented,  &quot;artists&quot; who procede to turn their sounds into cheap  bastardizations which are instantly embraced my the mainstream,  teeny-bopping rock crowd who turn these rip-offs into undeserving  superstars.<br />Case in point - the Pixies, a quartet from Boston, Mass who  cut a grand total of four LPs and one EP. That may not be the most imposing  body of work as far as size is concerned but when one considers quality,  few bands even come close to rivaling it. As for influence, Kurt Cobain  himself, patrong saint of the 90s rock journalist and self-absorbed,  teeny-bopper alike, stated that his signature anthem &quot;Smells Like Teen  Spirit&quot; was written in an unabashed attempt to rip off the Pixies.  Don't get me wrong, Cobain was a talented musician but if you listen  closely to both Nirvana and the Pixies you will see just how much he was  influenced by the earlier, and far superior group. And while you're at it  check out all the Nirvanabes scattered across commercial radioland like a  bad case of acne and you start to see the picture.<br />So what was it that  Cobain, and many other musicians of his kind, saw in the Pixies? Let's  start with the basics, the Pixies were an extraordinary quartet of  musicians. Black Francis could drive a song along recklessly like no other,  Joey Santiago had a remarkable ability to squeeze out of a single chord  that few mainstreamradioband guitarists come close to inserting into a  single song, Kim Deal was anything but the obligatory chick bassist of  today, delivering her lines with skill and flair that along with David  Lovering's drums are the key to the Pixies' musical punch. <br />Next we  consider the style of the Pixies. As soon the first few chords of  &quot;Bone Machine&quot; come rolling out your stereo speakers it is  impossible not to realize that this band play like no other. They are  skilled musicians, yes, but they aren't about to let that get in the way of  how hard they play and sing. The chords grind, stripped to bare bones, so  that what is left is gritty and unnerving. Francis delivers the bizarre,  sometimes psychotic lyrics, with appropriately insane vocal stylings,  alternating between animal growling, ranting and screaming. When Kim Deal  joins in the chemistry is instant and unlike any that has ever existed  between a male and female vocalist. Most of the songs on Surfer Rosa, go on  no longer just over three minutes, which is appropriate to the way they  play them. This wasn't a band that needed to go on forever in order for you  to get their point. The thirteen songs on this album are one punch in the  gut after another but never has being punched musically in the gut inspired  so much masochistic pleasure. The Pixies were one of the best ever and this  album, along with the &quot;Come On Pilgrim&quot; EP, &quot;Doolittle&quot;  and &quot;Trompe Le Monde&quot; are absolutely essential.
B000001F26|3.0|This album isn't all bad, but of the 11 songs, I only thought 3 or 4 of them were all that great.  Songs like &quot;Cocaine&quot; and &quot;I Shot The Sherrif&quot; were big hits, but I thought they were only okay.  The  best of this album is &quot;Layla,&quot; &quot;Wonderful Tonight,&quot; and  &quot;Knockin' On Heaven's Door.&quot;  If you are a big fan of Clapton,  you probably own the songs already.  If not, this album will make you  wonder if he doesn't have better songs that they didn't put on this  album...
B000002TQV|5.0|genius, a listening and two weeks after an air which you martel the head which is it? I of remember more. a passage a npa, high and dry, the way of thom is splendid they are splendid. a pleasure as I had seldom taken some,  I sink in my discotheque, unearths this album, the album which will remain  on my turntable during months. in loop of the hours and hours, until A what  ok computor came out a wonder which replaces the other nothing has to throw  all is good, too good mercy for all.
B00000J7J4|3.0|This was an okay album, don't get me wrong, but it did not nearly deserve all the grammy awards it got.  &quot;Smooth&quot; is a fantastic track, and the best part of this album is Carlos Santana's amazing guitar work.  However, his instrumental tracks are way too long, the only notable one  being &quot;The Calling&quot; with Eric Clapton.  &quot;Put Your Lights  On&quot; &quot;Wishing It Was&quot; and &quot;Love Of My Life&quot; are,  besides &quot;Smooth&quot; the best songs on this sell-out/comeback  album...I hope his other cds are better than this one was...Oh, and by the  way, I didn't forget &quot;Maria Maria&quot;, which is a horribly overrated  song, and one of my least favorite on the album.  How it made #1 is beyond  me...
B000002C1V|5.0|I don't care if the cover of the album said &quot;by Tiny Tim&quot;, or &quot;Ozzy&quot;, or anyone else for that matter.  In my opinion it is the only album that deserves 6 out of 5 stars.  The first time I heard it was  on headphones - in the middle of the night as a teen.  I was completely  mind blown.  This album is the seed from where my beliefs in Idealism and  Humanism sprouted.  Just realize that this is a work that needs to be  studied, like Shakespeare.  It isn't background music...
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd's masterpeice is an albulm of timeless quality; with all the depth, integrity, and vision of a classic work of art. Like the best music from the Beatles, this albulm will be alive (and probably still on the  billboard charts) when we are all gone. Get it now.
0767819594|4.0|I like this movie it has a lot of grate actors and actresess in it for them all being so young some of them are fresh faces to the movie world others are older to the movie world but did a grate job in this movie. Most  of them all of them in my case we have seen then all or most of them  somewhere ether it was in another movie or on tv. The cast was put together  so well. I say if you even watch the movie to see the acting and the stars  you will not be dissiponted and you will also get another treat a grate  story.
6300270424|3.0|Get A Grip From Those Bowed-Volin-Guitars Because This Was Very Loud &amp; Clear Since Summer Of 1976 Thru 1977 Anual.
B000002H97|5.0|This is by far Metallica at it's best.  Metallica has taken their unique sound of the past, and matured it a little, and added some more creative power in the mix.  Producing unforgetable songs such as Enter Sandman, The  Unforgiven, Sad But True, Nothing Else Matters, Of Wolf and Man, hell, the  list goes on, every single track on this album is great!  If you like  Metallica you will probably like this album.  This is Metallica at it's  peak.
0790741520|4.0|Editor Baird made a great debut in direction. Good acting, good cast, good scrit, good action-thriller. Russell is always amazing, nothing new here. But Seagals name in the credits fools the public, because he dies in the  first 20 minutes.
B000001FZK|5.0|This work by Talk Talk is worth every penny spent and every moment listened just for &quot;Ascension Day&quot; and &quot;After The Flood.&quot;  The other four tracks are not up to the standards of these  two, but that's mostly because their melodies (or lack of the same) are not  nearly as memorable.  That's OK... there is something important to say and  play for Hollis and his backing members... even if &quot;New Grass&quot; or  &quot;Runeii&quot; will not be reverberating in your head for days to  come.<br />&quot;Myrrhman&quot; seems more of a lead-in to the cymbal crashing  intro of &quot;Ascension Day.&quot;  By the time that the build-up of the  conclusion of &quot;Ascension Day&quot; comes to a sudden halt, one is led  into the dream-like sound of the intro of &quot;After the Flood.&quot;   This first side is almost like natural opium.<br />&quot;Taphead&quot; is a  noisy, convoluted mess that feels like one is being tossed about like a rag  doll... then dropped into the safe sounds of &quot;New Grass.&quot;  Hollis  then lets us know that all is not as safe as we thought on the lawn, as  &quot;Runeii&quot; banters the listener again with pauses, gaps, and  striking guitar chords.  Actually, &quot;Laughing Stock&quot; is more like  a jolting experience, rather than listening to a batch of songs.<br />A band  that can jolt a listener?  Heck... five stars alone for that.  Not a single  profane word, either.  No wonder they are no longer recording in this  hip-hop non-stop muttering climate.
0792151712|1.0|New specially developed special effects were used in great ammunt to make the public forget that fact that this is not but one of the silliest love histories ever told on screen !  THe director was smart enough to take a  plot (the sinking of Titanic) that ever aroses interest in people (like  sharks, for example, or the murder of JFK) to bring the audience into  theaters. Then he filled it with special effects and no histories at all.  By the way: at the end of the movie, Billy Zanes character, that at best  could be defined as a rich person full of prejudice, transforms himself  almos into the Devil himself!  Absurd !
6305750750|1.0|\\"The Phantom Menace\\" did little more than extend the box-office longevity of the \\"Star Wars\\" franchise. It is an empty, soulless film that lacks the spirit, adventure and human element that made the  previous trilogy so memorable. George Lucas was so caught up in the digital  technology and special effects that he thought little about story  construction and character development. (If you blink, you'll miss Samuel  L. Jackson - whose role is incredibly miniscule.) To make matters worse,  Lucas sabotaged his own film with the obnoxious creation of Jar Jar Binks.  The only memorable sequence in \\"Phantom Menace\\" is the pod race,  which was ripped off from \\"Ben Hur\\" and \\"Viva Las  Vegas\\" (I kid you not). For all the money it has made, this alleged  film doesn't have an original, imaginative bone in its body. The next  installment in the \\"Star Wars\\" saga has nowhere to go but up -  especially if Lucas kills off Jar Jar Binks.
0060254920|5.0|Where Wild Things Are is a really great book.  The animations are totally awesome.  Sometimes, its fun to just look at the pictures in the book if you don't feel like reading it.
0151003084|5.0|Edward Gorey's illustrations, those spindly, dark and often macabre etchings of pen and ink, are instantly evocative - they place you in a dark, vampire-ish Victorian-era place, where behind every curtain lurks another pair of hands with a scarf, ready to choke you.  This truly  inspired, and hilarious, collection of drawings and their accompanying  poem, detail the ghastly deaths of 26 children, one by one, through the  alphabet.  Whether you are a fan of Gorey's large paperback compilations,  or of his spectacular set designs (Dracula), or not, this book is strictly  for those with a twisted sense of humor.  And if yours is, you will love  it. Since I first read this 20 years ago, friends still quote it - &quot;A  is for Amy who fell down the stairs....&quot;
B000002UZ1|5.0|This album is fantastic but with the CD reissue, the music company should have added enough songs to fill up the CDs.  There are easily 20-30 excellent Beatles songs from this era not on this album.  In the age of  completist CD box set reissues, it is unacceptable to put out such skimpy  CDs with more than half the time left blank.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie is a new cult classic that follows in the tradition of Pulp Fiction and Se7en. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt's acting in the movie is additictive in their use of dialogue and skills. If you have seen the  previews of this movie it is nothing like that, this is a thrilling action,  drama, love, comedy. I would recommend buying this movie.
B000002UYZ|5.0|All of this is great but there should be about 10 more songs added per disc.  There are easily 20 great Beatles songs from these years which are not on this album.
B000001GBJ|4.0|I place this CD as number 3 in my Secret Garden collection, with the best being &quot;White Stones&quot;.  My advice, definately listen to the clips before buying.  Hit as many websites as you can so you can sample clips  from all the tracks.  I'm not saying the CD is bad, but if you're strapped  for cash and this is your first Secret Garden CD you might want to listen  to clips from their other two CD's before choosing one for purchase.
B00004LN16|5.0|Ya can't hold 'em back! Once again, AC/DC manages to push the rock 'n roll envelope. This new album has a whole lotta hard rock mixed in with some blues. A little bit of Back In Black with a little bit of Ballbreaker.  Angus can not be stopped! This British bloak has got to be the best guitar  player that ever lived! And he continues to show it in their umpteenth  album! If you've got that AC/DC blood running through your veins like I do,  you HAVE to pick up this album.
0425170349|5.0|I thought that this book was just about one of the best action books that I have ever read. It was full of action and was very, very life-like. I thought the details that Tom Clancy included were spectacular. And once again he used a great writing style that made you feel like you were one of  the members of the \\"Rainbow Team.\\" The plots that we interwoven throughout  the book were some of the best that Tom Clancy had ever written. They never  got boring and were full of facts. This book even inspired me to go out and  buy the computer game that was based off the book. Overall I give the book  a perfect 5 stars!
0767824571|5.0|But don't walk away from this DVD!  It is by far the funniest movie ever  made.  MP and the Holy Grail is a diamond in the rough of comedy.  Only two  shows come to mind that may stand a chance at being in the same room as the  Holy Grail and they are &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; and &quot;Galaxy  Quest&quot;.<br />If you like MP, this is a must for your collection.  Don't  hesitate, buy it!  Or, I'll say &quot;Ni!&quot; to you!  Don't be like Sir  Robin who, &quot;Bravely ran away, he did.  Oh, brave Sir  Robin.&quot;<br />Buy it!  Buy it!  Buy it!  Buy it!  Buy it!  Buy it!
B00004TFK2|4.0|MIB was one of those movies you enjoy seeing.  A total good feeling experience. Set in a different context but a realistic setting. Humans with aliens in a human world.  Without most of us knowing what's going on.   <br />Lots of laughs, good sound track.  A must see for all those who enjoy  movies for just being what they are.  Entertainment!
B00003CXDU|5.0|The best comedy to come out of Hollywood since &quot;Ghostbusters&quot;!  I'm sure the writers had a blast putting this script together and the actors enjoyed acting it.  After seeing it in the theater, I knew I would  be buying it.<br />The making of portion, though brief, is very interesting  and it is fun to get a behind the scenes look at the movie.  The Menu's are  attractive and very user friendly.<br />You can't miss with this DVD.  It will  keep you laughing for years to come.  Buy it!  Buy it now!
B000002UJQ|5.0|quite possibly the greatest album ever, but definitely one of the greatest albums of the 90's. very rarely in my life have i heard a record that flows as this one does. the songs are incredible. the moods they create through  the lyrics and music are simply amazing. the passion in thom yorke's voice  is breath-taking and he really pulls you in when you listen. highlights on  this album include 'let down', 'exit music', 'karma police', 'no  surprises', 'the tourist'....basically every song.  purchase the  record...you won't be sorry.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Look, Metallica said that the issue is between them and Napster...fans are not being sued at all. The reason Lars turned in those names is because Napster wanted proof from the band that their music was being acquired  illegally through Napster. And Metallica also said that one reason they are  fighting this is to raise awareness and to get people to think about these  issues....fans, artists and music dealers. By the way, S&amp;M is awesome!   :-)
0783240503|5.0|After viewing my Joseph video with my two year old son repeatedly, we have found no other video that is more delightful and interesting.  This video manages to keep both of us completely entertained during the entire run  (which is a real accomplishment considering his attention span).  I would  whole heartedly recommend this video to anyone with or without children.   It is wonderful to sing along with or just sit back and watch.
0440219078|4.0|I loved this book. It's great for all ages and is a fun quick read. My class and I just finished it and mostly everyone liked it. (We are in 7th grade) I think this is a good book for anyone looking for a fun, short  story. But, i have to say the end (excuse my language) Sucked! Lois if  you're out there i'm sorry but try again.
0800177177|5.0|Coppola's film version of Stoker's Dracula is absolutely superb; the best.  Dracula is my favourite horror story and the '92 movie is my all-time favourite horror film.  It's eerie and some scenes are quite grusome, but  it's a top thriller. A must have for a video collection; buy it now.
0671042858|3.0|I don't usually enjoy horror novels, so Steven King doesn't show up often on my reading list.  The premise of &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon,&quot; however intrigued me, as it is not King's usual fare.  It is  scary, but not because of monsters or murderers or such, but rather because  of the sense you get of Trisha's helplessness as she is lost in the woods.  Her predicament goes a bit too far to be believable, but her method of  reasoning through the situations she encounters seems appropriate for a  bright girl her age.  The story also could have benefited from a stronger  focus on the parents' fear at the loss of their child.  Overall, though,  it's certainly an entertaining and easy-to-read book.
0375707972|2.0|While I found the relationship between the boy and the woman objectionable, it isn't the reason I didn't care for the book.  I found the writing sparse.  The characters weren't fully developed and the reader was  left not knowing hardly anything of their lives or feelings.  It was an  interesting idea for a story; however, I feel that more should have been  said about the characters' lives and feelings and less about simply their  repetitive sexual affair.  The chapters are annoyingly short.  The feelings  of the narrator seem immature and undeveloped.  I realize he is 15 at the  beginning of the book, but 15-year-old boys can still be interesting.   Besides, the narrator ages and still no real insight is gained.  Skip this  one.  Read instead The Pilot's Wife by Anita Shreve, or Snow Falling on  Cedars by David Guterson.
1573225517|5.0|I read &quot;High Fidelity&quot; a few years ago, but with the renewed interest from the John Cusack movie, I pulled it down from the shelf again.  There are few books that I have enjoyed more.  I don't know if the life of  the main character, Rob, mirrors that of other men my age, but it certainly  nails mine.  It is everything I ever felt about music, relationships, and  top-five lists. A brilliant piece of literature.  (The movie and soundtrack  are quite good too.)
B00000I924|1.0|You know, we all expect there to be a lot of &quot;product&quot; out there--created without any real inspiration or respect for the audience.  It's just much more disappointing when it comes from someone that you  thought was above all that.  Enter this album.  Each track sounds like a  (very) uninspired first scratch demo that might, with a LOT of hard work,  an introduction of creativity, and some top-flight collaboration and  production, have become a mediocre song.  Really, this is drek.  For a  player with his credentials, with his well-known post-70s lack of interest  in his music career in favor of car tinkering, Jeff would have been much  better served if he had simply stop putting out albums altogether and  rested on his considerable laurels.  &quot;Techno-Beck&quot; is really too  kind a title--that idea could conceivable been interesting.  This one is  not.  Avoid!
B000002J0G|5.0|This album rocks..... just straight to the bone hard. How could some one say they could throw this out of their tesstament collection? of the 3(yes, pathetic, but what can ya do?) testament cds i have, practice what you  preach and gathering, and its MUCH better than both(what is so great about  practice what you preach? its good, but not great) even thought the others  are good too. i recommend this to ANY metal fan. pure genius
0670824399|5.0|This is very good BOOK(sabrina)! It explains abouta girl who has a very bad family and they don't care for her/ She goesto school after reading without her fathers permission, and she is a genious in school. IT IS A VERRY good BOOK(sabrina).!
B000006TRV|3.0|To make a long review short, THE WALL is somewhat disappointing. The album is overrated, and definitely not their best work.  Still, a mediocre Floyd album is leaps and bounds superior than almost everything else in the  store. Also keep in mind that I gave it three stars because I'm judging it  by the standards established by their previous work.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|Will Smith was in many great movies, ranging from Bad Boys to Independence Day, to Men In Black, which was okay. But then what happened? All of a sudden he's doing Wild Wild West, a movie with one of the most annoying  theme songs I've ever heard, second to that theme from Titanic. I hate that  song. I have just one short phrase for this movie: It stinks! It stinks! It  stinks! For those of you who missed that, well: It stinks! It stinks! It  stinks! To wrap it up, this movie is horrible. You could even say that...it  STINKS!
B00004TDTO|5.0|This is one of the truely classic movies of all time.  After seeing this, you will know what the term &quot;safe to go into the water&quot; means.  Can't wait for the DVD and Speilbeg's others.
0920236251|5.0|When a friend finally (got) up her courage to dump anunappreciative boyfriend, I sent her a copy of The Paper BagPrincess. <br />While it made her laugh, it also made her feel vindicated. No matter what age we are, we can all appreciate the story of a person who is smart, adventurous, and true to herself. <br />I'll keep giving this book to my friends, and I hope they'll keep standing up for themselves.  END
0684874350|4.0|Frank McCourt had six brothers and sisters, all baptized in the same lace dress.  Only three survived their brutishly poor childhood in Brooklyn and Limerick.  Frank not only survived; he triumphed--and he produced this work  about the triumph of spirit and the triumph of language.  McCourt is a  great storyteller, and these stories about his life through adolescence are  wonderfully written.  It may even be that his ability to detach and see his  life as a tale to be retold accounts for his triumph over his station.  But  make no mistake about it:  these are stories.  It is impossible for the  reader to tell where literal truth--even remembered truth--ends and where  the embroidered story begins.  At some level, perhaps, it may not matter,  because we love the audacity and freshness of each of  the stories so much.   Whether or how much of it is apocryphal is hardly relevant, since it is so  well told.  In essence, this is the adult version of how Mr. McCourt would  have, should have, must have seen the world as a child.  One theory of  human dynamics says that we fulfill our perception of others' expectations  of us.  Frank McCourt thinks we think he is a witty, resilient, triumphant  storyteller.  And so he is.  I'm just not so sure that we know what he  really felt as a kid growing up in Limerick, which is where the lace dress  in which he and his siblings were baptized was made.
0783241569|5.0|I have seen a lot of romantic movies and had begun to get tired of them but this movie made me realize that the movies are getting better.
6305807086|5.0|Being John Malkovich is a movie that defies description.  The opening scene plunges the viewer into a wild, funny, and incredibly bizarre world that doesn't relent until well after the  final credits start  rolling.<br />The plot itself is intricate and discourages passive viewing,  and is layed out in such a refreshingly understated fashion that you won't  even realize just how unusual what you are seeing actually is.  The story  involves a down and out puppeteer (John Cusack) who starts work in a  &quot;filing company&quot; in an office that has to be seen to be believed.   While working there, he discovers a hole in the wall that is a portal to  John Malkovich's mind.  Along with a mysterious and beautiful  coworker(Catherine Keener), Cusack's character starts a company that gives  people who are tired of being themselves, the chance to enter the portal  and be John Malkovich.  Eventually Malkovich himself gets wind of the  company (how and why this happens is another element that defies  description) and the movie enters a new realm of engaging wierdness.  This  movie is not wierd in the sense of most 90s &quot;wierd&quot; movies (i.e.  externally eccentric, but essentially lifeless characters), but is wierd  the way a Van Gogh painting is or a piece of music by Scriabin or Schonberg  is.  The acting is absolutely superb (Cameron Diaz, for example, shows  herself to have a real sense of irony in her self-effacing performance),  and it is a lot of fun to imagine what Malkovich himself must have been  thinking while filming the movie.  A portal to his mind indeed would be  handy in this respect.  <br />Finally, the film explores what it means to be a  person in an existence in which we are limited by our own consciousness.   The film plays on this theme in inventive ways, most revealingly I think,  in a scene in which Malkovich enters his own mind.  The conclusions that  the movie draws from this are quite surprising, and a little depressing.   Do not hesitate towatch this film.  Enjoy!
0783241569|5.0|I have seen a lot of romantic movies and had begun to get tired of them but this movie made me realize that the movies are getting better.
B00003CWN3|5.0|This movie is easily the most brutal and disturbing movie that I've ever seen. A movie about one person's quest to manifest there real self not just what people see. The performances in this are amazing Hilary Swank WAS a  boy not just a girl trying to play a boy. Chloe Sevigny was wonderful as a  girl trying to escape her &quot;white trash&quot; roots and make a better  life for herself. Peter Sarsgaard and Brendan Sexton III who play John and  Tom play the roles of two guys unwilling to &quot;think outside the  box&quot; with a cruel edge. Every other actor who is a part of this  profoundly tragical movie acts with a sense of vulnerability(Candace) or  the seeming inability to eascape their &quot;trailer-park&quot;  lives(Lana's mom). This movie is not for those who like bright and sunny  movies ,but for those who want to see the unfettered and unsettling reality  that is life.
0553573403|2.0|I'll admit that Martin can weave a tale.. But `twas like standing next to a drunken man forgetting which story he was telling.. &quot;Jon Snow was sent to the wall...&quot; Gulp. &quot;Where was I... A Lady Stark was a woman, a fine one..&quot; Gulp &quot;Lannister, ah, yes, was small fellow,  midgets tend to be that way.&quot; Gulp... Add ten or more characters all  main characters. He should have taken a few, like Jon Snow and told a tale  and not a bit of this and a bit of that. With the future girth of his books  to come I certainly appreciate books like Reichert's The Legend of  Nightfall... One book can tell it all. Although a don't like her epic work  either...
B00000JCOV|5.0|How many people have to be stupid I say lots if you keep on saying these guys ripped off koRn. I have all of koRns cd's and the first slipknot cd, and I've listened to all the cd's changind back a forth,(koRn, slipknot,  repeat) I did this for ateast 2 days and there is positively NO  simularities between the two bands, the way they sing the way they play  t-o-t-a-l-l-y different, and in ways slipknot is better, I have been a KoRn  freak for aslong as I can remeber, I wouldn't go ONE day without  downloading, buying, or listening to something KoRn. Now I have that same  thing for slipknot. Non stop, all the time. Slipknot, now my KoRn cd's are  lucky to get played once a week. Don't get me wrong I still love KoRn. But  not as much as slipknot.... Slipknot 9 members of raw UNIQUIE talent. There  is non higher if you like this kind of stuff, but if you don't give  slipknot a chance and you'll never go back.
B00003CWN2|5.0|I probably had the wrong idea, thinking of some kind of jokey tootsie type movie almost, this movie had me in fear almost, throughout, because it deals with this small place, its very dark, the scenes are lit by dirty  truck headlights, plus you knid of know things are going to go wrong at  some point.  Swank was excellent, the boys were too, the pimply one was too  convincing. It is quite fun in many instances, but its the fun scenes that  you watch with a very solemn face, eyes wide and prepared for something, a  fall off the truck, the cracking of the facade.  I think any type of  attempt to really use this as a social commentary about lesbians or any of  that, etc. detracts from it as an amazing piece of art, an amazing story,  told and directed really well.
B00004S6GL|5.0|For a lack of a better analogy at this time, let's just say that elliott records are like... portraits.  At first they were just pencil sketches.  As more materials became available to him, he incorporated them into his  work, and his sketches became beautiful paintings.  We are used to, and we  love, these modest black &amp; white sketches, and it can take a couple of  listenings to take in all of the new colors.  My message to anyone who  might not like figure 8, or feel like it's &quot;not elliott&quot;, listen  to it more than once or twice before you criticize it.  Put it in your  walkman, and go somewhere quiet.  Once all of the dots come into focus, the  beautiful detailed painting will surface.  And you will see that IT IS VERY  &quot;elliott&quot; - It will totally engross you, and flood you with  emotions.
B000002UAX|5.0|Here we find the Beatles displaying their dazzling mastery of almost every rock idiom, and areas beyond. Often they use parodies to showcase their talents; other times they use sincere, highly personal statements. The sum  total is a virtual encyclopedia of popular music, which takes a lot of time  and effort to digest properly. All of it is extremely worthwhile.
078324228X|5.0|it's One Of The Best Movies I Have Ever Saw ! great .. not words ... to good to be true ... no words can discribe this kind of movie ...
B00000K19E|1.0|total lack of computer &amp; scientific logic by the producer director and script writer, not to mention bad acting bu the main cast
6302206294|1.0|Prince of Thieves -- hmmm, they borrow the Muslim Merry Man from Robin of Sherwood, and some of the magic and plot details. And they borrowed from some other sources. Of course &quot;borrowing&quot; is a long-standing  Hollywood tradition, and it would have been forgivable if Costner's Robin  Hood had even an ounce of charisma, or if the dialogue wasn't wincingly bad  (&quot;Have I wronged you in a past life, Will Scarlet?&quot;) or if the  direction of the film had been even. Big spectacle with little or no brains  behind it. I do like Little John (Nick Brimble) and his wife Fanny though.  However, for a really good Robin Hood film of 1991, I recommend &quot;Robin  Hood&quot; starring Patrick Bergin. And of course, you can always buy the  Errol Flynn  classic.
6305807086|4.0|This is a clever and imaginative story with a lot of droll and peculiar situations that make for an entertaining film.  John Cusack plays Craig Schwartz, a frustrated puppeteer who can't find work.  He takes a job as a  file clerk and discovers a portal that leads inside John Malkovich's head  that allows him to see and experience what Malkovich is doing for 15  minutes until it spits him out on the New Jersey Turnpike.  The remainder  of the film uses this device to create absurd uses for the portal, from  selling tickets to Malkovich to two women having sex using Malkovich's  body.<br />Ultimately, the puppeteer discovers how to take over Malkovich and  he proceeds to usurp Malkovich's life.  In one particularly ingenious  scene, Schwartz is manipulating Malkovich to be a puppeteer who has a  marionette manipulating yet another smaller marionette.  It's a little like  Russian matroishka dolls where every time you open one, there is another  smaller one inside.  If you take it one step further, it was really Maxine  who was the master puppeteer, manipulating Schwartz to manipulate  Malkovich.<br />This film goes beyond humor of the absurd to humor of the  bizarre.  At times it gets a bit too far out to be funny (like when  Malkovich goes inside Malkovich and sees Malkovich's everywhere).  But the  material is fresh and innovative and most of the skits work well, silly as  they sometimes are.<br />Spike Jonze is a strange guy with a strange sense of  humor which is perfect for this film.  If you get the DVD, one of the bonus  features is an interview with Jonze.  If you see this interview, you will  get a fuller understanding of just how strange he can be.  He does some  very interesting things with the camera, lighting and setup that give the  film a very distinctive look.  This was Jonze first feature film.  Clearly  his work in music videos, where directors are a lot freer to push the  creative envelope, helped in the making of this film.  I thought he could  have done a better job with the Malkovich perspective (it looked like you  were looking backwards through a pair of binoculars), but most of the  camera work was quite good.  I particularly liked the way he split the  sound tracks to have Malkovich's voice come out of the back speakers while  in his perspective.<br />The acting in this film was terrific.  John  Malkovich, who excels in both dramatic and comedic roles did a fabulous job  of playing himself, poking fun at himself at every turn.  Poor John Cusack.   He is such a tall guy and they made him play half his part on a set with 4  ½ foot ceilings.  He was very funny as the tortured puppeteer.  Catherine  Keener was a scream as the bitchy and evil Maxine.<br />Overall, this film is  a rollicking good time.  I rated it 8/10.  It is funny throughout but  sometimes goes a little too far off the deep end.  If you like absurd  humor, you will love this film.
B00003Q438|4.0|With a flawless transfer, multiple versions, scripts, documentaries and background information galore, this disk is the best presentation of a movie on DVD I have ever seen.<br />The movie itself is probably Cameron's  fourth best, behind Aliens and both Terminators, but still vastly superior  to True Lies or Titanic.  Ed Harris and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio give   first rate performances, the supporting cast is solid, but Michael Biehn's  wigged-out Navy SEAL is too much over the top.<br />The Special Edition is  clearly the only version to watch, although I wish they would have included  the wave and left out of the other scenes, which don't add nearly as much  to the film.
B000002KHF|5.0|This CD could just be a loop of the harmonizing Saxaphones on &quot;Into the Mystic&quot; and be worth the price. One of the best CD's I've ever bought. Not a weak part in it. If you like ANY Van Morrison buy this!
0316926345|4.0|Although Brideshead Revisted starts out a little dry, this novel's beautiful language and syntax will definitely keep the book in your hands.  The story is about a young man, Charles Ryder, and his relationships with  the Flyte family.  Sebastian Flyte, the younger brother, is Charles' best  friend throughout his college days.  Sebastian has a whole family full of  characters that challenge Charles to re-evaluate his opinions on everything  from religion to relationships.  I don't think my words can do justice,  though, to the words of Evelyn Waugh, his writing is masterful, and I  believe you will thoroughly enjoy reading this book.
0792151712|1.0|What a waste of time. There is really nothing good to say about this. I had to see it TWICE in theaters when I was in 7th grade, so it's technically 6 hours of my life I'll never get back. Leonardo Dicaprio  CANNOT act. He has a huge head and even Celine Dion has a more manly body.  The movie was basically a sappy love story to open up the wallets of your  thirteen year old girls. I bet the victims of Titanic are rolling over in  their underwater grave.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Wow.  Easily the best album I've gotten this year, and maybe the best album of this genre I've ever heard.  Most albums that rely on raging guitars make you think the album has 1 song being repeated 12 times - most  groups don't know how to change the tone and tempo like Slipknot.  Every  song on this album has its own unique sound, and they're almost all great.   Great tracks - sic, eyeless, wait and bleed, surfacing, spit it out,  tattered & torn, purity, prosthetics, and only one.  How many albums do  you hear with even that many listenable tracks, never mind them being  good!    Beware though, there are two copies of this album floating around.   The record store near me had both of them.  They've got the same cover and  all, but one has Purity instead of Me Inside.  I'd recommend downloading  the mp3s of those two, buy the album version that has the song you like.   Me and some of the other reviewers liked Purity over Me Inside.
6305627401|5.0|As a loyal fan of South Park, I have to say that South Park: Bigger, Longer &amp; Uncut is the best adult-oriented movie ever made. Everything about it is simply too cool for words. Trey Parker, Matt Stone, Pam Brady  and everyone else involved with it really did an excellent job!
B0000062GE|5.0|Stabbing Westward's Darkest Days in an album for all time.  The performers who make up Stabbing Westward have found the secret to opening up and letting  everything out.  The song are magical because they reach every  listener's heart and soul and may even fix yours. When hearing their most  popular hit &quot;Save Yourself&quot;, you will truly sympathise with the  group hopelessness.  Having the ability to use past heartaches or troubles  effectivly, not only makes a band good but it makes them special.  Many  bands sing of past relationships and their hate but inorder to pull it off  and cause the listener to feel for them they have to put everything they  got into it.  Stabbing Westward does just that.  Wheither you have never  felt hate for anyone or if you hate everyone this album will make you think  about yourself, about others, about all the mistakes you have ever made and  maybe even effect what you will do next.   I would recommend this album to  anyone who has suffered a broke heart or have felt like giving up.  If you  are a fan of NIN, TOOL, Godsmack or just enjoy listening to dark music that  drowns you in emotion, then Stabbing Westward's Darkest Days is the album  for you.
0385493800|2.0|John, what have you done?   This book started off great with an awesome plot. But after about 75 pages I couldn't take it anymore and stopped reading.  This is my 3rd Grisham novel, and it is NOT a good representation  of his other works.  I have also read The Street Lawyer and The Client.  Those two were 150% better than what I read of the Testament.
B000002N2N|5.0|Crowd noise.<br />Loud rush of feedback.<br />Dee Dee just can't wait, stays something like &quot;Einz!&quot;.<br />Joey tries to be a nice boy and introduces the crowd with a good ol' &quot;Hey! We're the Ramones and this  one's called Rockaway Beach.&quot;<br />Dee Dee yells out  &quot;OneTwoThreeFour&quot; and they're off!  This is it, you know. The  ULTIMATE live album. The one album more than anyone else that makes you  wish you were there. The songs are just so FAST and FUN. &quot;Gabba Gabba  Hey! We accept you!&quot;. The Ramones sound like they're having the times  of their lives. They're SO EXCITED!  Just check out the photos on the  inner sleeve!  The instant a song's over Dee Dee just screams out another  &quot;ONETWOTHREEFOUR!&quot; and they do another one just as fast and funny  as the last one!  Amazing. Doesn't punk rock? Tee hee. My Ya-Yas are gonna  stay RIGHT where they are thank you very much. Those Ramones though, they  kicked so much heineeken man. This albums rocks! Buy it today!
6303212263|4.0|When I first saw this at age 11 I really didn't appreciate how great this movie really is.  There is some terrific acting (especially Gene Hackman as Lex Luthor), an interesting plot, decent effects (even compared with  current techniques), but above all an absolutely breathtaking musical score  from the master John Williams.  Bring on the DVD!
6305807086|4.0|Almost a great movie.  The thing that drops it down a notch is the disturbingly mysoginistic scene where Ms. Diaz gets locked in the monkey cage.  The premise is almost too clever by half - who hasn't longed to be  someone else, for even a few moments?  I know that that is what touched me  the most - why cant I be more like him, or more like her, why cant I have  this, why cant I have that?  Ultimately, the lesson of the movie (in my  humble opinion at least) is to appreciate what you have and who you are  instead of longing to be someone you are not.  The image of the frustrated  puppeteer thinking that he finally has become what he truly wants by  manipulating the ultimate puppet (another human being and a very successful  other human being at that) without realizing that HE is the one who is  really being manipulated (by his own unfulfilled longings) is a masterful  touch - ironic and, to me, very sad and, very sadly, a very typically human  situation.
B00000K3D4|4.0|An exercise in imagination that would never be made today, LABYRINTH comes from the fertile creativity of Terry Jones, Brian Froud and Jim Henson. Jones is an accomplished fairy tale writer (and his comedic talents honed  on Monty Python's Flying Circus are a plus to the script). Froud's designs  are intricate and lifelike. Henson and his gang of puppeteers do an amazing  job putting the whole thing together. The visuals are always interesting,  and sometimes breathtaking.<br />Slightly less interesting (than the visuals)  are the two lead roles. Jennifer Connelly is Sarah, a 14-year-old girl who  carelessly wishes her baby brother to be taken by the goblins. This film  comes early in her career and she clearly has great talent, but there are a  few shaky moments. David Bowie is the Goblin King and he seems to put less  than total effort into the role. We KNOW he can act, and act very well, but  perhaps he's not treating the role with respect? Despite those minor  quibbles, both actors WERE good choices and do fit the roles well.<br />The  film does have its share of genius... the &quot;helping hands&quot; for  example are brief but wonderful (and unforgettable). The puppetry is  amazing. Sadly, we'll probably never see filmmaking like this again as it  becomes easier and cheaper to do things with computer graphics.<br />The DVD  documentary is an extra-special treat. It's an hour long and covers  everything in great detail. It's especially interesting (naturally) to see  how the puppets are operated. The anamorphic transfer is very fine, picture  and sound are both very good. A well done DVD for a modern fantasy  near-classic!
B00000ILDE|5.0|The DVD is truly worth it. The missing parts from the theatrical release makes the viewer appreciate the story more.  With the clarity of the DVD format, a lot of things in the background became clearer. I even compared  it with the VHS and VCD copy using a 2-Tuner PIP TV whose screen can be  split in half.  Such a big difference in clarity of picture and  sound.<br />For Sci-fi and war freaks, this is a DVD to collect.
B00004STPT|5.0|This backdrop to the motion picture &quot;Gladiator,&quot; is a breathtaking work with sweeping strings, and passionate movement. It shows the powerful composition talent of Hans Zimmer. Tempered with soft, subtle,  and exotic themes by Lisa Zimmer, this score stands alone.<br />I listened to  this before seeing the film. I was amazed at the visual pictures that came  to mind as the soundtrack played out. The military insistence and urgency  reminicent of Holst's &quot;The Planets : Mars the Bringer of War,&quot;  and Wagner's ring cycle, specifically &quot;Gotterdammerung,&quot; brought  me to imagine wild passions in a very foreign time. I could easily picture  a period of tough choices and necessary, quick thought actions. I was taken  along as a protected passenger through this rich place and time.  If your  heart isn't pounding upon listening to track #13, see a doctor.<br />The  gentle and quieter themes deliver an absolution to the harder edges of the  work. Track #14, titled &quot;Honor Him,&quot; brings the work to the  heart. I took a deep breath, knowing Zimmer and Gerrard hinted at a  requiem, but left the humble feeling you get at the passing of a great  personage. <br />I don't usually review CDs, here I was moved to speak up. I  am now  inspired to see the film, but before I do, I plan on listening to  the soundtrack a few more times so I can galvonize the scenery I  experienced in my mind's eye, scenery inspired by this beautiful score.
3895089281|4.0|A 20th century &quot;how to&quot; in the manner of old-time works by Rees, Leno, Devlin , and so forth.  This work examines first the history and basic technology of handmade shoemaking, with gorgeous photographs, and  fairly clear text (particularly considering that it's a translation).  It  then takes a quick trot through the crme of the big-name shoemaking firms  still in operation today, and concludes with a heartfelt tribute to  shoemaking as an art form.   As an overview of the trade, this work is more  than adequate, although for someone not engrossed in the topic, the jumping  back and forth between topics can be a little distracting.  The author's  knowledge of shoemaking history is fairly standard, with many of the  traditional old shoemaking chestnuts reappearing here.  The author's  discussion of techniques is a trifle problematical, in that he does not  indicate the universality of the techniques and tools (for example, not all  handmade shoemakers use needles or wax made by the recipe shown) - but this  is a common failing in shoemaking texts,and certainly nothing to count  against the text.   Having gotten down this far, you are likely wondering  why I gave the book this high a marking if I was this critical of it - it's  the pictures.  The text could be gibberish and the pictures would make it  worth the price.  The text is pretty good, which makes it more than worth  the price.
B00000J6AG|5.0|If I could describe Play in one word, that'd be the one I'd use.  This album has garnered SO much attention from the media, normally unheard of for a techno CD.  But, there are always exceptions.  Let me tell ya, all  the hype and talk about it is well-deserved.  This is Moby's Mona Lisa,  perfection that will be held as an example to all who come after it.  There  all many great techno acts out there, from new guys The Lo-Fidelity  Allstars, to the virtual fathers of noise-techno the chemical brothers, to  Vegas' own Crystal Method.  Moby has been around for 7 CDS and about a  million b-sides and bootlegs, but it's with Play that he got to that place  few artists ever go.  The Beatles were there when they made Abbey Road,  Mariah Carey with Daydream, Green Day with Dookie.  Now Moby has achieved  that creative high.  This album is amazing.  It's the ultimate party album,  with few (if any) kinks in it's armor.  From the spritual Natural Blues, to  the funky Honey, to the hip-hip Bodyrock, to the nostalgic bluegrass that  is Run On, this is a CD you NEED TO HAVE.  Favorites, besides those 4 I  mentioned, are Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad, Porcelain, and the absolutely  haunting My Weakness, this is the best album of 1999, hands down.  Also,  pick up I LIke To Score, if for no other reason than Moby's genius remake  of The James Bond Theme.
6305358613|5.0|This is a great film, and has about as much connection to reality as  &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; also starring Joseph Fiennes. However  embellished, the story line is compelling, the action thrilling, and the  scenery -- English.  The cinematography is lucious. The cast is superb.<br />The thing I find unforgiveable about this film is the rewriting of role  of the Earl of Leicester (Fiennes).  Leicester was Elizabeth's close  friend, and maybe even her lover. Their relationship did not end until he  died. He was her most loyal subject. The truth is more compelling than the  fiction in his case.<br />Elizabeth relied on Leicester all of his life. She  made him 'Master of the Horse' and he was her closest confidente.  Many  believe his early death was partly owing to her overworking her good  friend.  He never betrayed her, he only wanted to marry her. But Elizabeth  did not trust marriage, and why should she. Her own mother (Anne) and her  cousin (Catherine Howard), were both executed by a jealous husband  --Elizabeth's father, Henry the VIII.<br />Much of the story line in this  film is drawn from real events surrounding Elizabeth's accendancy to the  throne.  As a protestant in a catholic world, Elizabeth had many enemies.  Some of the extreme dangers she faced are chillingly shown in this film,  although I do believe Mary of Guise, so wonderfully played by the French  actress Fanny Ardant lived a bit before Elizbeth's time.<br />Cate Blanchett  deserved every accolade she received for her portrayal of the young  Elizabeth. As nearly as I can tell from the historical material I have  read, Elizabeth was a great deal like Blanchett's screen portrayal.<br />Elizabeth became the &quot;Virgin Queen&quot; to her subjects, not so  much because of her celibacy (which may or may not have been a fiction) but  because her people were &quot;Mary Worshippers&quot; and needed a diversion  away from their affinity for the Blessed Virgin Mary of the Roman Catholic  church (who some historians believe was used to divert &quot;pagans&quot;  from The Goddess of the Celtic religion.)<br />The most visually stunning  scenes in the film take place near the end when Elizabeth dons the white  face paint and jewels seen in the Armada portrait. It is clear this queen  has become a Goddess.urch (who some historians believe was used to divert &quot;pagans&quot;  from The Goddess of the Celtic religion.)<br />The most visually stunning  scenes in the film take place near the end when Elizabeth dons the white  face paint and jewels seen in the Armada portrait. It is clear this queen  has become a Goddess.
B000031WD9|4.0|American Pie is in a word, funny. It's a little crude at times,which didn't bother me at all,but might offend prudish types. This movie isn't for everybody but it's got numerous major laughs. For a teenage romp kind  of film, it's way above average! This movie has that &quot;teen noir&quot;  quality....sorta.Eugene Levy is excellent as a bewildered father and the  young cast of mostly new-comers who play the teenagers are impressive.The  girl who keeps saying ,&quot;last summer at band camp we...&quot;,is a  scream! Pop the Popcorn and prepare for a good time,just don't choke on  your snacks whilst laughing! AMERICAN PIE is delicious....
6302732875|5.0|A brilliant adaptation of Mamet's play and has some exceptionally brutal insight into the world of high pressure sales.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie definitely has the WOW factor! The audio and the video on this disc are near perfection! The OSCAR award winning soundtrack,thunders and rocks my surround set-up. Although the disc makes no claims to be encoded  with the new EX surround (5.1 Dolby Digital with 1 or 2 center rear  surround speakers who's signal is matrixed out of the left and right  surround channels,in my case with a Smart Jr. add-on unit,I'm using with my  5.1 reciever), the rear center speaker is very active,as are all the rest  of the speakers for that matter,for this action packed thriller! On DVD the  special effects are thrilling. Sometimes there's a bit too much  shooting,but the very clever story more than makes up for this slight short  comming! Besides,some of the bullet special effects are ultra cool! This  movie will make your stereo or surround system jump and it sounds even  better if you have EX in your system.I recently added EX to audition Star  Wars Episode 1 , Japanese Laserdisc which claims to be coded for EX. The  Matrix sounds even better using EX,as do most 5.1 soundtracks I've played  thru it! This show has the WOW factor! Wow is it a fine movie and the  presentation is X-tra WOW!
B000002N9L|5.0|From the Hendrix-like opening strains of the title song to the buzz-cutting riffs of the blues/swing &quot;zanalee,&quot; &quot;the Artist&quot; (hereinafter known as &quot;Prince&quot;) dishes up some  impressive power licks as well as some of his strongest singing in years.  More rock than funk/hip-hop (although see the solid, if slightly tedious,  &quot;I Rock, Therefore I Am&quot;), enjoy his superb guitar work and  driving dance rhythms. Prince solos more than in recent years (we want  more!), and these sounds, as well as one or two of the ballads, hearken  back to the 80's--particularly the very tasty &quot;Dinner with  Dolores.&quot;  Although a couple of songs are a bit uninspired, this is  worth getting--play it loud!<br />The liner notes state &quot;originally  intended 4 private use only, this compilation serves as the last original  material recorded by [The Artist] 4 warner brothers records.&quot; Whatever  conflicts Prince had with WB, his new non-WB effort, &quot;Rave Un2 the Joy  Fantastic&quot; doesn't touch this or other releases of older Prince music  on WB such as &quot;Crystal Ball&quot; or the superb jazz-inflected  &quot;From the Vault.&quot;
B0000027F3|4.0|A breath of fresh air. Some very heavy licks. As good as the soundtrack of F- Zero. Probably ripped off by F-Zero. Something to listen to when you're tired of mtv.
B00004STPT|4.0|I, also, have been a fan of Hans Zimmer's and Lisa Gerrard's soundtracks, and looked forward not only to the movie itself (which was excellent) but the accompanying soundtrack.  While some of the material is  &quot;borrowed&quot;, as some of the other reviewers have stated, I still  think that this is hands-down the best soundtrack to come out so far this  year.  I think the Gladiator soundtrack compares very favorably to the  Braveheart soundtrack (which is one of my favorites), and the music fits  the movie perfectly.  After seeing the movie, I went and purchased this  soundtrack because I was so impressed at how well it complemented the  movie.  And now, as I listen to it, I can see the movie scenes which  correspond to each track.  Great soundtrack!
6305075379|4.0|Mad Max is set in a world sometime in the future, where society as we know it has crumbled close to barbaric proportions. Ruthless Biker gangs wreak havoc and mayhem, with only a small scattering of pursuit special police to  stand up against them. Mel Gibson (in his second feature film) plays Max  Rockachansky, a cop who wants to quit the road, but is drawn back in when  his family is slaughtered. Having grown up in the country of this movies  origin, I was always going to approach this particular title with some  doubt. Mostly due to fact that the dialogue for Mad Max in Australia  remains untouched, unlike the US where it has been dubbed. But surprisingly  enough, I found myself drawn in, mostly because the dubbed dialogue is the  same as the original script, with maybe some Australian terminology removed  in a few spots, plus changes and additions of new dialogue when the face or  mouth of characters are not in the camera shot. So mouth flap is well  accounted for, but the dub occasionally stands out like a sore thumb. An  example is when Jim Goose(Steve Bisley) is in the cafe at the start,  speaking with his mouth full.  About 98% of the dialogue is still there,  which leads me to ask, &quot;Why did they dub it?&quot;. And more  importantly, &quot;Why have they not released a DVD version with the  original actors voices, given the success of one particular actor?&quot;.  In any event, the movie, dubbed or otherwise, is still a top actioner. I  give a full five stars to the original version.
B000002NIW|4.0|I just bought Around the Fur today, and my first thought when the secret song finished was &quot;It's not Adrenaline&quot;. I know people who count Adrenaline as one of their all-time favourite albums, but think AtF sucks,  and if you, like these guys, are looking for more of the same unrelenting  outpouring of agression that was the Sacramento nu-metalers' debut album,  then you might be disappointed when you listen to AtF for the first time.  Do yourself a favour - now that you realise AtF isn't another Adrenaline,  give it a chance without comparing it to it's predecessor. I know that when  I played it a second time, about twenty minutes before I wrote this, it  became one of my all-time favourite albums, and although it's not the  onslaught of rage that gave every 'Tones fan Adrenaline, make no mistake,  it's still Deftones - Chino can still scream like bloody murder, and the  raw emotion which made the last album a classic is still there - My Own  Summer(Shove It), Rickets, Lotion - but there's more depth to AtF. Be Quiet  and Drive (Far Away) is the best example of the 'Tones experimenting with  their sound, letting it develop in new directions, and Chino stops for  breath long enough to show us that although his screaming is unmistakable,  his range is even more impressive - he can actually sing!  A little less of  an edge that Adrenaline, but more subtle, and even if you didn't like their  debut album - especially if you didn't like it - I'd recommed AtF to any  nu-metal fan. In my opinion, it's one of those albums which I just listen  to right through and can't really pick one outstanding track (the secret  song rocks as well), but if I were to pick one, I'd say Headup, featuring  Max Cavalera on guitar and additional vocals - it's got the classic  Deftones &quot;edge&quot;, but with the unique sound that you should get  when another artist with their own style guests on an album. I nearly gave  it five stars, but I don't think it's quite at that level. Mind you, after  listening to AtF, White Pony can't be released soon enough - I'm intrigued  to see where the 'Tones take their sound from here.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Sorry for those who couldn't get it, but this is the best movie since Fullmetaljacket! I agree with the reviewer named Michael: people don't have the patience to try to understand the subtle and genial things in films  like this one.
B00000IMYA|5.0|A nearly 44-year haze has been lifted from this recording and the result is as audible as it is significant. The bottom line: What was previously a muffled, faked recording is now The Real Thing with fantastic sound  quality. If you've previously owned this recording you can throw it away.  This discovery is one of the most significant Jazz releases in years and  deserves to be in everyone's collection.
0783222734|5.0|Written by Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park is one of the big budget special effect jobs that the critics love to bag. So what! It's awe inspiring. The cinematography is nothing short of perfect.  The effects are  seamless and the action is heart stopping. On the less than brilliant side,  the characters were mainly two dimensional. Specifically, the lawyer was a  joke, (intentional but unnecessary). I just wish that the game warden's  character had been explored a little more.  <BR><BR>The plot is  straightforward. We have a scientific breakthrough that brings the  dinosaurs back to life after a much touted 65 million year absence.  Strangely, instead of scientific motivation, it has been created for  financial reasons. (-: A game park to be precise. But before it opens, the  backers want a run through with some experts, (and a couple of cute kids),  in order to check for safety.  It may well have been safe, except that the  one man programming company that set up the systems, (who by the way should  get the programming god of the century award), is selling out to the  baddies who want some dino-embryos.  <BR><BR>The next thing you know, T-rex  has escaped and is snacking on lawyers and the rest of the good guys are  battling it out against a pack of vicious Velociraptors. Lots of tension  and suspense here. But don't worry it is a Hollywood movie and therefore  gets a happy ending. Look out for the sequel, which if Crichton's novel is  any guide, will be a &quot;me too&quot; version of the first movie. Never  mind, the first one was good enough for two.
B00000IMYA|5.0|A nearly 44-year haze has been lifted from this recording and the result is as audible as it is significant. The bottom line: What was previously a muffled, faked recording is now The Real Thing with fantastic sound  quality. If you've previously owned this recording you can throw it away.  This discovery is one of the most significant Jazz releases in years and  deserves to be in everyone's collection.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|The Last of the Mohicans is an epic. The cinematography alone almost guarantees it. This is the perfect representation of James Cooper's novel.  I am not a historian but the realism of the period, to me, was totally  convincing.<br /><br />This is my favorite Daniel Day-Lewis film. The man is  without doubt a consummate actor and this film just serves to prove it. His  portrayal of Hawkeye, shows the character's fierce independence but also  his unswerving loyalty to his family and to his ideals. Day-Lewis's acting  seems to say, &quot;This is what a true man is&quot;.<br /><br />The whole  cast was just superb. While Russell Means, (Chingachgook), didn't get much  screen time he was startlingly intense. And athough Uncas (Eric Schweig),  the only living son of Chingachgook, was a fairly quite fellow, the women  in the audience clearly appreciated his presence. Lastly Jodhi May played  Alice Munro, an easily overlooked character. But she did it very well,  giving Alice a naivete and fragility that I haven't seen since the good old  days of hollywood.<br /><br />Madeleine Stowe is also very good in this film.  She manages to let Cora Munro display strength of purpose without breaking  out of the period. I have seen so many films which ignore the fact that  women's public behaviour and possibly their personalities have changed  dramatically in the last century.  Actors and scripts portraying women with  modern attitudes and behaviours in historic films are not true to history.<br /><br />I hardly feel like I need to give a synopsis of this movie as the  story is so well known. Instead I will highlight a few impressive scenes to  watch out for. The elk hunt at the start is very well filmed. Just about  all of the battles and skirmishes are superb in their attention to detail.  Concentrate on the scene under the water fall, for it is powerful. And the  film's final fight, between Chingachgook and Magua, is brilliant in its  brutality.
B00000IO4I|5.0|As it often happens nowadays, I was under misconception about Little Voice, thanks to the Hollywood advertizing machine. Constant TV  promotions gave me the wrong impression that LV was another one of those hilarious  British comedies about small-town folk that &quot;make it big&quot; (kinda  like &quot;The Full Monty&quot;, where the guys &quot;made it big&quot; in  their own way).  Since I love British films, I rented it. I was surpised to  learn that this film is not about &quot;talent&quot;, fun, or even music,  really... Rather, it is about human relationships of all sorts and shapes.  It is a simple story, told in a simple way (read: non-Hollywood way), but  it is as powerful as dozen of highly-praised stories/scripts  put together  could be. It is touching, and, though, I said it is not &quot;really&quot;  funny, it makes you laugh thru the tears (mostly, thanks to the character  of LV's mother, played wonderfully by ?) and does have that weaked sence of  humor that we all love(fans of British cinema). I loved this film,  especially the ending.  Oh, yes, the actress, who plays Little Voice,  actually sang all the musical pieces herself....amazing voice, indeed!
630471193X|5.0|I desperately wanted to see Phenomenon after I had seen its preview. The story of a man who mysteriously starts to change into a genius but retains his humanity, sounded too good to miss.  It's nice to find a film with a  bit of soul in this day and age.<br /><br />There seemed to be a little  controversy concerning the fact that Travolta played the lead. Apparently  by belonging to the Church of Scientology some people mistakenly believed  that his character was a portrayal of that organization's ideal human. Even  if it were true I would have thought this would bring more people to their  doors rather than less.<br /><br />George Malley, (Travolta), is a small town  motor mechanic, a likable man who is struggling to learn Spanish whilst  trying to work up the courage to ask Lace, a reclusive single mother, (Kyra  Sedgwick), out on a date.  But his sedate life changes dramatically when on  the evening of his birthday he sees lights in the sky and blacks out. From  then on he finds it almost impossible to sleep and his friends start to  notice differences in him.<br /><br />His intelligence is amazing enough but  when he shows talents in less conventional areas, many of the town's folks  become nervous and even afraid. Despite the fact that he is doing nothing  but good, they begin to draw away from him. All that is, except Nate,  (Forest Witaker), his best friend, the town doctor, (Robert Duval), and  Lace. The three of them manage to see the beauty within the man. That  constant part of him that has not changed and is even more remarkable than  his new abilities.<br /><br />The film takes a darker turn when the  government steps in and takes George away for testing. As the mood is  plunged into chilled water and his future begins to look bleaker, we are  warmed by the support of Doc and the love of his, by now, girlfriend Lace.  This movie has the power to reaffirm a positive life and maybe even reverse  a negative one. See it as soon as you can.
6305358613|2.0|I was very disappointed with this film.  I love historical dramas and I love British films (by content or production), so I was really looking forward to finally seeing it. Then, I was bored for two hours, watching it.  I must say that Cate Blancett has done a brilliant job in  portraying such  a difficult historical figure, but  then again, she always does a good job.  I loved Geoffrey Rush in his role. I also found Joseph Fieness more  annoying than ever...I thought one film a year would be enough to see him  as a  &quot;passionate medieval lover in tights&quot; (see  &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;), but no.... This film gave me neither good  entertaiment nor any valuable historical perspective. It is simply dull...
B00001U0DP|5.0|Few people believed it would be possible to make a comedy set in the Nazi concentration camps of WWII. But in Life is Beautiful (aka: La Vita &egrave; bella), Roberto Benigni had a vision of one possible way to tell this tale  of horror without dehumanising the lead characters. In fact, the whole film  is full of contradictions and surprises.<br /><br />There are two clear  stages in the film. The first half concentrates on Guido Orefice's efforts  to woo his chosen lady. He is funny, courageous and irrepressible in his  attempts to win the heart and hand of the lovely Dora.  Cunning strategies  are used, that take advantage of all the quirks of Florence and its people  to impress the woman he constantly greets with, &quot;Buono giorno  Principessa&quot;, (Good day Princess).<br /><br />From early on, there is an  undercurrent of anti-Semitism that casts a cloud over our anticipation of  things to come. But for Guido, racism is simply another of life's  obstacles; all he does is dodge around them in his pursuit of life. Pre-war  Italy still manages to seem magical through his eyes and his attitude  becomes infectious. We soon come to believe, along with Guido, that  anything is possible and if you assume the best will happen, it probably  will.<br /><br />Dora's situation does not start out quite as rosy. She is  betrothed to a boorish man who takes her for granted and seems more  interested in his political status than in her happiness. Luckily, Guido  has set his sights on making her life as interesting as possible. And that  allows the audience the pleasure of rooting for the underdog; a  semi-employed Jewish waiter with one sadly misshapen hat. Although she  doesn't see a way out at first, we all know that Guido's optimism will  eventually triumph over his straight-laced and  narcissistic competitor.<br /><br />Soon, the two star crossed lovers are married and joined by a  precocious son by the name of Giosu&eacute;, played superbly by the young actor,  Giorgio Cantarini. He clearly takes after his father and is the apple of  his parents' eyes. It would take a hard-hearted person to avoid loving this  little angle; an angel who will go to any extreme to avoid his bath time.  His other main concern seems to be getting enough time to play with his toy  tank.<br /><br />But love and optimism are unable to hold back the tide of  history. Italy soon falls in with Germany and begins persecuting their  Jewish population. On Giosu&eacute;'s forth birthday, while his mother is out,  soldiers take he and his father. They are bundled into a truck and then a  train, headed for the concentration camps. As soon as Dora realises what  has happened, she follows them into the depths of hell.<br /><br />Guido has  other problems to occupy him. Although he doesn't know exactly what is  going to happen, he knows enough to want to shield his son in the only way  he can. While they are in the truck he concocts a story to convince Giosu&eacute;  that they are taking a surprise trip to celebrate his birthday. As their  situation worsens, the fiction becomes more convoluted. Guido controls  every aspect of his son's perception to convince him they are participating  in a most challenging competition, with a full sized tank as the prize.<br /><br />Despite the horror of the situation, death all around, brutal  labour,  starvation and dehumanising barracks, Guido focuses all his  efforts on the happiness of his son. Not only does he succeed in protecting  the young boy's fragile soul but it is clear he manages to distract himself  as well. Guido epitomises selflessness. In the brief moments when he is not  labouring for the Nazis or entertaining his son, he finds small ways to  remind Dora that he loves her. I can't think of any more poignant moments  in cinema.<br /><br />In the end, Guido manages to accomplish what he had set  out to do; protect his son. He manages it so well, that Giosu&egrave; is convinced  he has won the tank that rolls into camp as the allied army arrives. His  happiness contrasts strongly with the backdrop of death and brutality and  we are drawn to celebrate Guido's achievement; impossible hope met  unthinkable hatred and triumphed. What father could do more for his son?trasts strongly with the backdrop of death and brutality and  we are drawn to celebrate Guido's achievement; impossible hope met  unthinkable hatred and triumphed. What father could do more for his son?
0440234743|4.0|When I read THE TESTAMENT by John Grisham, I was in Paris. I had finished all of my Agatha Christie novels, and leaned over and picked up THE TESTAMENT. Some previous tourist had left it behind, and I was overjoyed. I read it in 2.5 hours. The novel combines mystery, action, adventure, and  humor. I loved when the children of the billionare were included in the  chapter; I laughed until I cried. John Grisham portrays them so vividly  that I was astounded. Did I mention that I am twelve?
B00000K19E|5.0|Ever wanted to be important, to live a life that matters? Well take a look at &quot;The Matrix&quot; because it starts with the premise that we are all living pointless lives, slaves to frighteningly powerful beings that  prevent everyone from knowing their true state. Here enters the myth. There  will come a redeemer, who will see through all deception and become the  perfect warrior in mankind's cause. He will be the &quot;ONE&quot;.   <BR><BR>I don't know what possessed the Wachowski brothers to turn a  borderline  successful comic book idea into a sixty million dollar  extravaganza. But WOW! I'm so glad they did. Talk about entertainment, this  film keeps your butt firmly on the edge of your seat and your jaw on the  floor. The action is intense, the plot is multi-layered and the effects are  sumptuous. I should also point out that for a cast that knows little about  martial arts, (a few months training prior to the filming), they sure can  fake it. You will believe a man can fly.  <BR><BR>Science fiction has  explored the implications of virtual reality fairly thoroughly over the  past two decades. From Steven Lisberger's &quot;Tron&quot; to Star Trek's  &quot;Holo Deck&quot;, we're well versed on the idea that the virtual will  some day rival the actual. With The Matrix however, it is all brought   together into a frightening whole. At times you will wonder about your own  reality... what if?  <BR><BR>But then, we don't need to wonder, because it's  laid out clear and sharp on the big screen. Imagine a world were the entire  population lives in jelly filled pods, jacked into a simulation as real as  God's imagination. Except for a few &quot;naturals&quot;, who have either  been born outside of the Matrix or brought out, the populous goes about  their angst filled lives, little knowing how pointless it all is. Talk  about an existentialist's wet dream. But what of those non-conformists on  the outside?  <BR><BR>We meet them through Neo, a corporate neophyte andpart time hacker. The powers-that-be have turned their attention to young  Neo, (Keanu Reeves), not for his illegal computer hobbies but because the  mysterious Morpheus,  leader of the underground, has shown an interest in  him. Thus commences Neo's fall into wonderland and as with Alice, there are  strange creatures, confusing situations and rulers who seem keen to take  his head.  <BR><BR>Dragged kicking and screaming out of the Matrix and into  the real world, Neo learns the truth and finds he now has the  responsibility of saving the world, thrust on his sculpted shoulders. He's  not alone though, Morpheus and the crew of the Nebuchadnezzar (a strange  and futuristic vessel that is their real world home), are just as keen to  reclaim the planet. Morpheous becomes Neo's mentor, teaching him the skills  he needs to do battle with the master machines. Their evil face is  expressed within the Matrix in the form of seemingly invulnerable Agents.  And all Neo has to do, is the impossible... with a little love on the side.  Perfect!
0316743003|5.0|Skunk Works is an inside look at the Lockheed plant that built the U-2, SR-71, F117A Stealth fighter and other top-secret aircraft.  Rich, as the former head of the Skunk Works, takes the reader through the entire  process, from initial brainstorm to operational aircraft.  Along the way he  shows us the victories, pitfalls and bureaucratic redtape that pollutes the  industry today.  Skunk Works is an absorbing look at the covert side of  military aviation long kept secret from the public.  As a Vietnam vet who  served with military intelligence, I always cringe when I read disclosures  of top secret information.  As a history and aviation buff, I find those  same disclosures fascinating.  Skunk Works is a fun read that takes full  advantage of the end of the Cold War.  It won't disappoint
630575067X|4.0|Lucas managed to make such an event out of the release of The Phantom Menace that I wasn't sure how to feel about it. I must have read ten articles, watched adverts and trailers and I even caught a part of the  &quot;making of&quot; on TV. Talk about building expectations, how could  anything, barring the second coming, live up to it all. I suppose that was  the question going through my mind as I approached the cinema. Would you  believe I was even a little nervous?<br /><br />Yes the cinematography was  breathtaking, the effects were cutting edge, the design was first class,  blah blah blah. But that's not what makes a good film. Does it have a  decent story, interesting characters, suspense, action? In short, does it  pack enough emotional content? Well, in this case... Yes, it does. How could  I think George Lucas might let me down.<br /><br />I happen to think Natalie  Portman stole the show entirely, but maybe her beauty and the fabulous  costumes had something to do with it. And, as much as the first Star Wars  was cast with relatively unknown actors, Liam Neeson added just the right  touch of weight to the ensemble. Of course I wouldn't be the first to  suggest Ewan McGregor is going to be giving us memorable performances for  years to come and I'm not talking about the Star Wars prequels. All in all,  a stand out cast were able to make what could have been a light sci-fi  romp, into another classic.<br /><br />During the early moments of the story,  we join two Jedi, only this time they are set amid a backdrop where Jedi  are thick on the ground and are given routine tasks, like diplomatic  negotiation. Obi-Wan is familiar to us but not as a young man yet to be  promoted to Jedi knight. His friend and master, Qui-Gon Jinn, is the other  Jedi and it is this duo that teaches us the true nature of a Jedi's role.  In the first films the Jedi culture was all but extinct. In The Phantom  Menace it is in full flower and we can watch in awe as Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan  defy poison gas, blast shielding and military robots. In fact it isn't  until they come up against another, albeit darker, proponent of the Jedi  arts, that they are forced to pause.<br /><br />I have to say, Darth Maul was  wonderful. I suppose it was always going to be a tough job coming up with a  &quot;bad guy&quot; concept to match Darth Vader but wow! Ray Park was and  is a stunt-man rather than an actor but during the final fight scene where  force fields temporarily separate the combatants, his frustrated strides  brought to mind a caged tiger. I certainly didn't envy our heroes, waiting  to face such an animalistic warrior.<br /><br />There are quite a few set  piece scenes in the film, all of them memorable. The journey through the  center of the earth was fabulous; talk about your perfect fishing hole. The  pod race was probably a little over cooked but fun none the less. And it  did contain a nice homage to the locked fenders in &quot;Return of the  Jedi&quot;. But for me, it was the little things which won my heart. Like  the moment when Padme, &quot;Hand-maiden to the Queen&quot;, is scrubbing  the heroic R2-D2 but takes a moment to comfort the young Anakin who's just  coming to terms with a potentially permanent separation from his mother.  It's all the more poignant after we learn more about Padme's true role.<br /><br />So, as much as I was anticipating the release of Episode One, I am  now left with the distressing feeling that the true test of my patience is  still to come. I have two years to wait for Episode two and who knows when  &quot;three&quot; will appear. We're waiting George, we're waiting.oison gas, blast shielding and military robots. In fact it isn't  until they come up against another, albeit darker, proponent of the Jedi  arts, that they are forced to pause.  <BR><BR>I have to say, Darth Maul was  wonderful. I suppose it was always going to be a tough job coming up with a  &quot;bad guy&quot; concept to match Darth Vader but wow! Ray Park was and  is a stunt-man rather than an actor but during the final fight scene where  force fields temporarily separate the combatants, his frustrated strides  brought to mind a caged tiger. I certainly didn't envy our heroes, waiting  to face such an animalistic warrior.  <BR><BR>There are quite a few set  piece scenes in the film, all of them memorable. The journey through the  center of the earth was fabulous; talk about your perfect fishing hole. The  pod race was probably a little over cooked but fun none the less. And it  did contain a nice homage to the locked fenders in &quot;Return of the  Jedi&quot;. But for me, it was the little things which won my heart. Like  the moment when Padme, &quot;Hand-maiden to the Queen&quot;, is scrubbing  the heroic R2-D2 but takes a moment to comfort the young Anakin who's just  coming to terms with a potentially permanent separation from his mother.  It's all the more poignant after we learn more about Padme's true role.   <BR><BR>So, as much as I was anticipating the release of Episode One, I am  now left with the distressing feeling that the true test of my patience is  still to come. I have two years to wait for Episode two and who knows when  &quot;three&quot; will appear. We're waiting George, we're waiting.
0395645662|5.0|please do not listen to the other reviews that demote the book.I gaurentee you will love this book if u appreciate greatliterature. it is about a different way to look at our cultures and other cultures in a different way.  if u are not a good reader do not read, but if youe appreciate great literature please read this book.
B00004SCY9|5.0|I am always amazed at how Moloko continues to evolve from album to album, yet manages to stay interesting.  Very few bands can make the same claim.  Their sound generally falls somewhere between Cibo Matto's happy, upbeat  dance, and Portishead's deep, funky churn.  Roisin Murphy's voice is  hypnotising.
B000002BFZ|5.0|I had a similar experience from No Code as I had ten years earlier with U2's The Unforgettable Fire.<br />Both albums have an ethereal quality, as if the songs enter your unconscious, and only with repeated listenings can  they truly be appreciated.<br />There is one other parallel. In both  instances, I bought the albums and didn't like them. But then I saw them  live; U2 in 1985 (I think) and Pearl Jam on the No Code tour in 1996. The  shows were the type that stay with you. You don't remember the hits played,  only the overall feeling. And both bands connected with the crowd,  completely.<br />As for the album, I'd hate to have to choose a favorite song.  It's an album, like the old days. No two hits and 8 fillers. It just flows.  But I guess I'll say I love the beginning with &quot;Sometimes&quot; and  &quot;Hail, Hail&quot;. Then I would choose &quot;Red Mosquito&quot;,  especially when it goes into the hypnotic repeating chords at the  end.<br />This is one of my all-time favorite CDs. I could listen to it once a  month for the rest of my life, I think. If you don't like it, I can  understand. I didn't either, once.
6300268470|5.0|i just have to say that this is one of my all time favorite westerns. not only is the duke in the movie, and does a great job, but Stumpy always makes me laugh.  The singing in the movie is also good.  Don't miss this  one!
B000001GQB|5.0|Este set de las ultimas sinfon&iacute;as de Mozart por Karl Bohm, son indiscutiblemente un cl&aacute;sico. Cualquier amante de la obra de Wofgang Amadeus, no pude dejar de tener estas extraordinarias interpretaciones,  bajo la batuta de uno de sus m&aacute;ximos exponentes, el Dr. Karl Bohm.<br />Bohm  hace una lectura, limpia con gran calidez, con un tempo al estilo de la  vieja escuela alemana, para darse una idea de la tremenda musicalidad que  tienen, le sugiero que escuche con mucha atenci&oacute;n el Andante de la 39, &iexcl;OH,  QUE GLORIOSO!<br />La Berliner Philharmoniker, responde muy noblemente, con  ese sonido que nos cautiva plenamente. Cada miendo de la orquesta est&aacute; en  su mejor forma, escuche con atenci&oacute;n al obo&iacute;sta Lother Koch, creo que fue  el mejor Oboe que cualquier orquesta hubiera tenido.<br />Este &aacute;lbum le  proporcionara horas de horas de felicidad!
630575067X|1.0|Ep.1 where to start. Bad acting, bad characters, etc, etc. It is obvious that Lucas made this movie for only one reason, to dupe all real Star Wars fans into spending their money on this movie. Whether you watched it in the  theater or bought the stinking tape. This movie comes nowhere close to the  original trilogy, and any real Star Wars fan knows this. I see some people  stating that we love to trash this movie. This is untrue. If this movie had  actually been good then we would have praised this movie big time. I really  can't honesty see how anyone could give this movie 5 stars or anything  above a 2 star rating. Do these people just sit down in front of their TV  or theater screen and not judge at all the content they are watching or  bother to question anything they see on the screen. Just because Lucas  slapped the title &quot;Star Wars&quot; on it doesn't make it a true Star  Wars movie.  <br />When you watch the original trilogy you are captivated by  them. They have a real story and a mystery about them. Even after all these  years, when I watch the 3 original movies I don't want to leave the room.  They grab your attention and hold on to it. They have a certain magic to  them and a magic you can see within the characters. This is how a Star Wars  movie is suppose to be, and this is what real Star Wars fans were  expecting. They have every right to expect that in a Star Wars movie. But  Lucas seemed to have dollar signs gleaming in his eyes when he made this  movie. Knowing that past real Star Wars fans would be thrilled that a new  Star Wars movie would be released he knew they would all pay to watch the  movie. But his hunger for money is what really did it. With a bad script in  hand he made one of the worst movies ever and then hyped it up for us to  swallow. And for the real Star Wars fans who then threw-up this piece of  garbage we were really disappointed. No magic, just basically a boring  movie that wasted 2 hours of our time, money and was a insult to the  original trilogy. I was personally thinking after watching Ep.1 that this  must be some kind of joke. This really couldn't be the next installment of  a great movie series, could it?<br />I'm in no hurry to see Ep.2 and Ep.3,  especially if they are anything like Ep.1. In fact I probably won't watch  them at all, and I'll either sell or give away my copy of Ep.1 and try and  pretend that Ep.1 through Ep.3 don't exist, since they'll do nothing but  spoil the original trilogy. <br />Special effects are great and all, but Ep.1  used too many of them. Computer generated characters look too fake, cartoon  like, and the audience can see that easily. And if you can see that easily,  then you have failed to make something look real that isn't. What happened  to using real costumes with real people or remote controlled robots inside?  These look more authentic and believable than some poorly done computer  generation. Ep.1 also had several inconsistencies with the original trilogy  and brought up more questions than answers. Jar Jar along with the other  corny computer generated characters are best suited for Saturday morning  cartoons than a real Star Wars movie. <br />It is clear that Ep.1 was totally  made for little kids and for a little kid mentally and that the adult  perspective was just a after thought with the hope from Lucas that all  adult real Star Wars fans would be tricked into paying to watch this movie  thinking it would be like the original trilogy.  If Lucas wanted more  money, he should have just made a little kids space movie and titled it  &quot;Space Junk Wars Ep.1&quot; and left the whole Star Wars trilogy  alone, that way the real Star Wars fans would not have gone to see it and  be so disappointed. <br />In conclusion, don't even buy this movie for your  little kid. Show them the original trilogy that has real content and a real  story with magic that inspires imagination and real thinking, and try not  to let them see Ep.1 that's nothingmore than cookie cutter Hollywood  garbage for the brain dead portion of our society.
630575067X|5.0|First of all. anakyn is some kind of JESUS? Jar Jar Binks is too crazy. Where is the DVD God Dammit? But Darth Maul Brings the pleasure of fight. and episode II and III will be more Dark, youll see. Darth Vader: I MISS  YOU.
B00000DMJF|4.0|I could not give this album 5 stars like I wanted to, but 4 stars was the highest rating this masterpiece of the &quot;four or five magicians (debate amongst yourselves who the 5th 'magician' was (George Martin))&quot;  deserved.  The Beatles are the greatest band ever, and if not for 2 things-  the death of Epstein and the arrival of Ono, they probably could have  endured like the Rolling Stones have.  Nonetheless, the White Album rates  second to Pepper in the Beatles catalog.  What I heard throughout the album  is sort of a heavy darkness added to the music. Sgt. Pepper, their previous  REAL album(MMTour was a greatest hits album, hands down) still showed their  optimism and comraderie, but listen to Glass Onion, Happiness Is a Warm  Gun, Yer Blues, Helter Skelter- the songs are weighed down by a general  darkness that runs throughout the heavy bass lines, the occasionally  ghostly harmonies, and the grating lead vocals which characterize a new  period in Beatles music.  Revolution 9, the &quot;outcast&quot; of the  whole album, is a masterpiece.  Listen to it.  Listen to it.  Ignore the  people who say that it is nonsensical sounds and noise thrown together, but  observe that there is certainly an organization in the track.  If you  periodically listen to the CD, skip it often.  It is taken best only  occasionally.  My advice for listening to any music, be it NSync, Rob  Zombie, Eminem, Oasis, MC Hammer, The Bangles, Men Without Hats, Barry  Manilow, etc, even if you're in a compound in Nam and they force you to  listen to music against your will, is to &quot;turn off your mind, relax,  and float downstream...&quot;  Revolver 15:1`
B000023VR6|5.0|DR. DRE MAKES A TRIUMPHANT RETURN WITH &quot;THE CHRONIC 2001&quot;.  EVEN AFTER 8 YEARS DRE'S STILL GOT IT.  THIS CD TOPS HIS LAST CD THE CHRONIC.  EVERY TRACK FROM BEGINNING TO END IS TIGHT.  DRE HAS THE BEST BEATS OUT  THERE IN THIS CD.  WITH SNOOP, EMINEM, AND XZIBIT ALSO FEATURED IN THIS CD,  ITS A CAN'T MISS.  I WOULD RATE IT 10 STARS IF I COULD.
B00004STPT|5.0|This has to be the score of the year!<br />Zimmers use of MARS: THE BRINGER OF WAR is perfect for the score and film.<br />Ranging from quiet and haunting to loud and discordant music, the score for Gladiator is definately worth  purchasing.<br />I really can't say much about each track as it spoils the  movie!<br />All in all, it's worth adding it to your own collection like I  have.
0788811355|1.0|I loved Out of Africa, So I really enjoyed Kristen Scott-Thomas's clothes.   The Cinnematography was gorgeously presented. It was quite captivating! So, if these things REALLY appeal to you, I mean, REALLY, REALLY appeal to  you, then don't miss this movie!
0792844793|5.0|(Hmmm...I'll try and keep this under 5,000 words! ) I never got into the laserdisc thing (too bulky and expensive) so up until now I've never seen anythng but the pan and scan version of this film.  The widescreen version  illustrates Lynch's masterful use of the Cinemascope format, he uses every  inch of the frame.  Lynch is a true master of the cinema, and is arguably  the best and most under-rated director of our time.  (The succesor to  Kubrick, perhaps?)  Seeing Blue Velvet like this adds so much more  dimension to the film...the picture and sound were incredibly crisp, one of  the best I've seen on DVD.  The only complaint is with the annoying case  this movie was put in...you need to pinch the center with two fingers while  popping the disc out with a 3rd finger.  Very annoying, and it seems like  one day I'm going to break the disc while taking it out.  So to the  studios...DONT MAKE THIS CASE ANYMORE!   Anyway, that obviously is not a  reason to avoid this DVD.  Definitely not for the faint of heart...after I  watched this film with my girlfriend, she became incredibly paranoid for  the rest of the night!  (I think Frank Booth did that...) This film and  Lost Highway are must haves for first time Lynch viewers.
6305807086|4.0|First of all, the sound is great and so is the picture quality- no problem there.  I liked the menu design, clever tv spots (one soo weird it sticks in your brain forever) and the documentaries...very, very odd.<br />I couldn't  wait to hear an interview with director jones..., but he ended up throwing  it away for a two-minute joke that teaches us nothing.  I guess his  interview was meant to be funny- we don't get any useful information out of  him, but WE DO get to see him puke...sorta funny, but come on- I want to  know how he went about making this film.<br />The other documentary is  slightly amusing, but also a waste.  &quot;The Art Of Background  Driving&quot; pretty much gives us an insight on the boring job of driving  in the background of a shot...the New Jersey turnpike in particular.  The  driver is a bubbly valley girl who seems to take her job seriously, but we  get tired of her mouth within a minute.  Funny ideas, but they're done soo  seriously that we're not sure whether to take them as a joke...wish there  was a commentary to make up for it...still, I don't regret buying the DVD  cuz it's a wonderful flick!  If you just want good extra feautures- skip  it.
B000000993|5.0|I first started to really listen to TOOL when I started goingout with my boyfriend. TOOL is one of his fave bands and he told me tocheck them out.  So I borrowed my friend's CD and listened to Undertow. I loved it!.. Its not only one of the best bands but Maynard James Keenan writes some of the best lyrics ever. Like Sober, Bottom, Prison Sex, and Swamp Song. I bring that cd with me wherever I go and I dont leave it anywhere!
B00003CWRX|5.0|This is an absolutley incredible film. Prepare to be totally enthralled by some of the best performances you are likely to see for a while and to be blown away by a gripping true story.<br />At nearly three hours the film pulls  you into Dr Wigland's (an excellent performance from Russell Crowe) and a  CBS news reporter's (an always great Pacino) dilemma. Should they  contravene a corporate gagging order and the threat of a multi million  dollar lawsuit. Watching Wigland's crashing descent into silent despair is  a heart breaking experience made all the more emotional by some very moving  background music.<br />This is really a story of integrity in the face of  adversity. Would you put your life on the line: your job and your family  for the greater good?<br />I cannot implore you enough to see this movie. It  is one of the most significant cinematic events for a long time.
B00003CWL5|1.0|Horrible  ! What a piece of trash.
B00004D3C1|5.0|Ditch all the Korn and Limp Biscuit garbage jokers, you hit the jackpot!<br />If you dig heavy rock of the late 70's; the hard semi-psychadelic rumblings from So Cal, then you don't get any better then  Fu Manchu.  <br />I bought this CD off a whim and never regretted it.  Bought  Daredevil soon after.  This band rulz-it and is definatly beyound  underated.  <br />If you dig 70's style heavy rock, you better get this!   And  after you buy all three disks you better get The Queens of the Stone Age.   Best music you will make!
0812567110|2.0|This novel is a philosophy book about the author's narcissistic  anti-Victorian views and clever witticisms.  Oh yeah, somewhere in there is  a story about a man who makes a wish that his portrait would show his  physical age and experiences, while he remains forever young and handsome.  The wish comes true.<br />There was incredible potential for this story that  wasn't lived up too. I think this novel really needed a heavy-handed editor  to make it great.
6305807930|4.0|Most fans of Dario Argento are perfectly aware of his strengths and weaknesses as a filmmaker. More than any other film in his canon of work, \\"Inferno\\" stands as a summation of these. Being his most beautiful film, it is also one of his most aggravating. The narrative is intermediary, resembling the \\"structure\\" of some Lucio Fulci's more famous films such as \\"City of the Living Dead\\" and \\"The Beyond\\". In fact, \\"Inferno\\" even goes beyond those boundaries of loose narrative threads. However, Argento has always been a much more canny filmmaker, and with the aid of an uncredited Mario Bava, he has created some of the most haunting imagery in horror films. The best scenes of the film are the ones that have long silent passages, primarily the ones involving Irene Miracle's character, Rose. The underwater sequence, and later where she is pursued by an unseen assailant in a dilapidated section of her apartment building are astonishing. One the most interesting aspects of \\"Inferno\\" is how tranquil this film is despite the gory mayhem and Keith Emerson's score. Unfortunately, there is a germ of a story here, and it drags the film down. In this respect, Argento should studied Bava's films like \\"Lisa and the Devil\\", which handled the surreal and fantastic in an interesting and layered fashion. \\"Inferno\\", on the other hand, provides only a series of clumsily strung together episodes, and naturally the film as a whole comes up much less than the sum its parts. Equally disappointing is Argento's flat treatment of his witchcraft/alchemy premise. Like \\"Suspiria\\", the story is reduced to a simplified conflict of good vs. evil. Not helping matters is the fact that the viewer has no emotional investment in any of the characters. The actors primarily occupy space on the screen reciting the most ludicrous dialogue I've heard in a while. Despite its flaws, \\"Inferno\\" is well worth seeing for its formal elements alone. Yet, if you're new to Argento, don't start here. See \\"Deep Red\\", \\"Suspiria\\", or \\"Tenebre\\" first.
B00003CWL5|5.0|I never saw this movie in the theaters.  My friends who saw it raved about it, but they warned me that they left the theater bawling.  They said they sat in silence after the credits rolled, stunned by what they had seen. So  I never saw it.  I thought a film that intense should be viewed in your own  home.  No one wants to spend their Friday night out feeling emotionally  drained.  So I rented it.  And when the credits rolled, I was smiling. Many  people have called this film overly dark or depressing.  I think that these  people are missing the point, or at least the point I got from it.  Sure,  at first glance, the tagline &quot;look closer&quot; may seem to refer to  the underlying dysfunction in most cheery suburban homes.  But if you look  again, you'll realize, as Lester did, that there is even beauty in the  dysfunction.  All the drugs, and affairs and pseudo-child pornography never  made Lester as happy as he was in that final moment, and though it was cut  short, he was greatful to have had it.  That is a wonderful message.  If  you were hesitant to see this film, as I was, because of all the &quot;dark  comedy&quot; hype and four hanky warnings, give it a shot.  This movie is  different things to different people and you may find yourself pleasantly  surprised.
0790729628|2.0|Oh god, I almost fell asleep when I watched this film, perhaps my mistake was that I watched the director's cut first. I choose rent this DVD 'cause the critics say this one is an excelent sci-fi story and the director's cut  is the best way to see it (?), I read that the scene of the unicorn fell  over the audience's head like a dump of freezing water, well, maybe for  them that meant something special but for me it meant absolutely nothing,  can anybody please explain it to me? I know it has something to do with the  question: Do the androids sleep with electric sheep? or something like  that, and the critics here say that maybe Deckard was a cyborg, but why? I  don't get it. The film for me was awful slow. Well, who knows? maybe I need  to watch the original edition first in order to understand this movie.
0671004107|4.0|I read the book Contact by Carl Sagan.  It would probably be considered a science fiction book because it has a lot to do with space and \\"other forms of life\\".  I gave it four stars because it was very interesting and it made me want to keep reading further and further.  The main plot of Contact  is about a doctor that works at a satellite monitoring station.  She is  always listening for sounds form outer space and comes up empty handed  every time.  Finally she gets her big break; she hears a loud heart-beat  type sound coming from a distant star.  Soon they start to receive sound  and video waves.  I will not go into anymore detail because it would make  the book a lot less exciting to read and give away the ending if you knew  anything more about the book.  Overall, thought it was a great book and  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who finds space and science  interesting or who has a little bit of an imagination and curiosity about  space.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher is one of a kind. Believe is a one of a kind Single.  This cd is a powerhouse with multiple singles that generate the type of excitement that only a great actress/singer can generate. Cher is an icon that always  suprizes her fans with her incredible charisma and voice. This cd broke all  kinds of records including Cher's oldest female number 1 on the hot 100  billboard chart. She is in great voice here. This is an accomplished artist  that is everything her fans adore!Great tracks include &quot;Takin' Back My  Heart&quot;, and &quot;Love is in the Groove&quot;. &quot;Believe&quot; the  song sold more than any other single worldwide in 1999. Why Warners didn't  push the excellent &quot;All or Nothing&quot; eludes me!Despite the lack of  company push, this cd place 3 no. 1's on the dancechart and won a grammy  for best dance cd. There is no other!Long live Cher!
6304432488|5.0|This is the best one yet more action pack fun with McLaine(Willis) all sorts of neat cool seens and plus i believe there should be one last one because you see him talk to Holly at the end of the movie lets see waht  happens.
0790733226|5.0|You know, it could have been worse.  What if instead of being some benevolent, intergalactic boyscout race of beings way over there on Vega, they had been Annoying Saucer People or The Slime That Wouldn't Leave...  What if they'd cosmically e-mailed the plans for a one-way 'star gate'  through which, after we'd built it then threw the switch, millions of the  (insectoid?) (globulous?)(fill in the blank)little bastards marched out and  took over the world?  I think it would have kept Industrial Light &amp;  Magic computer animators busy for months...oh well.  The ending we got was  better anyway, it actually made you think about faith.
B0000203YT|5.0|&quot;Shakespeare In Love&quot; is an absolutly beautiful and endearing movie.  I completely love it.  There have been few movies in the past few years that I have loved, as much as this one.  Gwenyth Paltrow is fabulous  in this movie. (certainly deserving of the Oscar) and Josehp Finnes is  mesmerizing.  His performance is much overlooked due to Paltrow's  reputation.  She is the star of this movie, but his wonderful talent is  something everyone should take notice of.<br />The remanding cast is  wonderful, with many surprising and very WELL-KNOWN actors, showing up.   (Ben Affleck, Geoffrey Rush, Colin Firth, Dame Judy Dench, and others)  rounding out a fabulous movie.  By the end, you are completely in love with  this movie and the characters in it.  I just hope that William Shakespear  was as enjoyable a man as Joseph played him.  Wonderful Movie!
0679777547|4.0|The Club Dumas is an interesting exercise in the craft of fiction. It tries, ultimately unsuccessfully I think, to blend a complex, deliberately artificial mystery plot with a number of elements of more serious fiction  that are simply diminished by the artifice. An interesting cast of  characters (especially Lucas Corso, the book hunter) is set in motion with  multiple, seemingly unrelated, objectives which, over the course of the  novel, come together in unexpected ways. There are multiple mysteries to  solve and nothing is really as it seems. The reader is titillated  constantly and kept expectant and in the dark. It isn't until the last few  pages of the book that the mystery(s) are resolved - one after another in a  cascading sequence of not very satisfactory revelations.<br />That being  said, it is important to note that I enjoyed almost every page of this  book. From the inside information on antiquarian book dealers and forgers  to the details of Alexander Dumas's working habits to all the esoteric  details of Satanic manuscripts from the Middle Ages, the story is packed  with detail that few book lovers can avoid finding interesting. But the  story itself is ultimately unconvincing and the reader is left with very  little emotional investment in the fate of the characters.<br />If one  doesn't mind an artful tease, knowing that the book won't go all the way,  then this is still an interesting, if not satisfying, reading experience.
0767819594|4.0|&quot;Cruel Intentions&quot; is not even close to &quot;Dangerous Liasions&quot;.  BUT, I'm not sure you should even consider them in the same breath.  They are two completely different films, based on the same  novel.  I think it's fair to say that &quot;Dangerous Liasions&quot; is one  of the best movies ever.  This one is not.  But, it's not meant to be.   It's a teen-age version with all the wrappings.  It's not that it's a bad  movies, because it's not.  There are real moments of entertainment.  The  casting is fabulous.  Sarah M. Gellar is wonderful and Reese Witherspoon is  very enjoyable.  Ryan Phillippe's Valmont leaves a little something to be  desired but, other cast members take up his slack.  All in all, this movies  is enjoyable, but if you want the real story....rent the Glen Close/John  Malkovich &quot;Dangerous Liasions&quot;.
630575067X|4.0|Lucas' latest installment in the Star Wars saga, while not being the best movie ever made, is good clean fun.  <br />Full of stunning visuals and sounds, Phantom Menace is a great sci-fi film that the whole family can  enjoy.<br />And to all those who have been complaining of the abscense of a  DVD version of The Phantom Menace, here is how to get it... While it is not  a true 'DVD' the VCD (Video CD, plays in Computers and almost all DVD  Players) is available through Amazon z-shops, Amazon Auctions, and E-Bay  for typically less than $25.
B000009ED0|1.0|*igga Please.His Mc Skills would put kriss kross and vanilla ice to shame.The musicainship skills on this album put hanson and duran duran too shame.Why does this dork act like a pimp he just looks like someone who  always got beat up in school.Vanilla Ice pulled the I was a poor white boy  thing before to everyone.kid you know that your father was a car salesman  so dont pretend like you is ghetto
B000000M4M|5.0|I bought this album when it came out years ago, after hearing &quot;freakscene&quot; at college night after night.The song is probably my favourite song ever!The rest of the album is fantastic, easily their best.  Swinging from full throttle post punk pop rock to gentle semi acoustic  rambles plus a total noise fest at the end in&quot;dont&quot;. I have  bought this album 3 times ,twice on vinyl (cos i wore the first one out )  and on cd . I must say it is better on vinyl dont know why it just is but  even on cd it is a superb album. Miss it miss out
B000003AEB|5.0|One of Snoops best albums and well done in the little boook witch is done up as a comic and worth your money.
B00003CWL5|5.0|I was going to write a fairly lengthy review for American Beauty, but it seems Mike Loniewski summed up my thoughts exactly.  <br />A 5-Star movie without a doubt.  Spacey is brilliant, and the supporting cast is great.  A  must see movie for those old enough to understand it's point.  <br />American  Beauty is clearly one of the greatest films I have ever seen.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I went to the theather believing that I was going to see a parody-comedy based  on Star Trek, but instead I saw a very good film that was rather like a kind of homage to the series, this film in the end results to be a  good sci-fi movie.  Rent it or buy it you won't regret it.<br />As a bonus  this movie includes a track in Thermian language, perhaps they should have  included a Klingon track too :)
0394716787|4.0|This writing opens the door to another land. Poe's imagination, creativity, and insight flow through these pages in a way rarely achieved by any other author. It is unfortunate that so many associate Poe only with  horror and tortured genius. His works should be savored individually; while  at the same time estimated as a whole. With that view in mind I recommend  this book wholeheartedly and declare its author one of the greatest of all  time.
6302732875|5.0|The only movie I can think of with 3 Best Actor Oscar-winners (Lemmon, Pacino and Spacey) and it shows! In addition, you get two fine character actors in Harris and Arkin and a Hollywood star (Baldwin) slumming in a  non-featured role. Add to that David Mamet's finest writing and you have a  film that is endlessly compelling! This is, IMHO, Lemmon's finest work, and  that is saying something! You can truly see in this film why he has earned  the title &quot;America's Olivier.&quot; The movie also benefits from  having someone other than Mamet direct his script. We avoid the monotone  line readings that sometimes plague his films (which, however, are an oddly  fascinating trademark nonetheless). This is a modern &quot;Death Of A  Salesman&quot; and a movie you will find yourself watching again and again  for the acting and the writing. Waiting on the DVD!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I am a loyal fan of Roswell and had to know who sang the theme song.  After purchasing her CD, I have basically been listening nonstop.  This is one of the best albums I've heard in a while. She reminds me a bit of Sarah  McLaughin, Sinead O'Connor, and the lead singer of The Cranberries.  She  has a powerful voice suppoted by amazing lyrics and music.  This is a must  have CD for anyone's collection.
B000002UAR|5.0|Album Cover: The most artistic Beatles' cover at the time and probably one of the best of the 60's decade. I also like the black and white back-cover photo. It somehow reflected to me that these were different Beatles and  that beat/pop music was ready for a change in sound and concept.   <br />Composition &amp; Recording: The sound and structure of the music was  more innovative than in all of their previous albums. It was obvious that  the Lennon-Mac duo plus Harrison (specially in this album) had gained  control of the studio and earned the respect of producer George Martin. The  sound in general is electric and it includes several interesting s  experimental passages that make this album so unique. <br />Originality &amp;  Comments:   Something to highlight are the important contribution of George  Harrison to the album by introducing several innovations to the group's  music and structure. The straight electric-rock in Taxman is kind of a  preamble to 70's rock while the Hindu music passages of &quot;Love You  To&quot; is a major departure from the 60's sound which will grow and  consolidate into &quot;Within You and Without You&quot; in their next  album. The use of Hindu sitar was present in &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot;   (Beatles' Rubber Soul album) and in the Stones &quot;Paint it Black&quot;,  but these were not major departures into Hindu music.  The &quot;I Want To  tell You&quot; number uses a typical Harrison &quot;funny&quot; music scale   that will also be present in &quot;Only A Northern Song&quot; (Yellow  Submarine album).  John Lennon's input is mainly electric (She Said, She  Said&quot;, &quot;Dr Robert&quot;, &quot;And Your Bird...&quot; and also  produces a relaxed atmosphere while he is &quot;Only Sleeping&quot;, but  ready to experiment in &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;. Paul brings a new  sound with &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; by using a violin quartet (arranged by  George Martin) plus a strong ballad quoted by John Lennon as one of his  favorites Mc Cartney tunes which was written &quot;For No One&quot;. Paul  does the guitar solo in &quot;Tax Man&quot; and introduces metals into  Beatles music in  &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot;. He does a lot  and is also present &quot;Here, There &amp; Every Where&quot;.  <br />Recommendation: An essential album in the Beatles catalog which serves  as a foundation to 70's rock. If you want to listen to pre Cream &amp; Pre  Doors rock and pre Floyd experimentation, this is a good place to start.  This album is a departure from the typical 60's sound of Mamas &amp; Papas,  Byrds, Hollies, Beach Boys, Kinks, Dylan, and Stones. Many of these groups  where innovative but not as electric as the Beatles' Revolver album.
B000002TYX|4.0|&quot;Free as a Bird&quot; is a pleasant reunion between John and the 3 surviving Beatles (I agree with one of the reviewers below who said we're lucky to have that).  The song was allegedly written about the freedom  Lennon felt after his deportation threats and &quot;Lost  Weekend&quot;.<br />On with the rest of the album.  It features interviews  with John, Paul, and Brian Epstein.  We have possibly the 1st Quarreymen  recording: a 1958 scratchy recording of &quot;That'll Be The Day&quot; and  an original &quot;In Spite of All the Danger&quot;.  There are more demos  of this sort-&quot;You'll Be Mine&quot; and the instrumental  &quot;Cayenne&quot;.  We have Tony Sheridan's fair sounding vocals on  &quot;My Bonnie&quot; before the Beatles take over (with Pete Best, the  original drummer) on &quot;Ain't She Sweet&quot; and &quot;Cry for a  Shadow&quot;.  George sings lead on &quot;3 Cool Cats&quot; and Paul sings  lead on &quot;Besame Mucho&quot;.  Also included is a flat-tempoed Pete  Best on &quot;Love Me Do&quot; before Ringo replaces Best on &quot;How Do  You Do It&quot; (I prefer theirs better than Gerry and the Pacemakers').   An early (and superior) version of &quot;One After 909&quot; finds its way.   There's a more raucous demo of &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot; and the  Beatles experimenting with harmonies on &quot;8 Days..&quot;, with an  electric 12-string on &quot;And I Love Her&quot;, and with tempos on  &quot;I'll Be Back&quot;.  Great songs you never heard from the Beatles  (until now) include &quot;You Know What to Do&quot; (George's 2nd song) and  &quot;Leave My Kitten Alone&quot;.  And the Beatles really did sound well  live, as witnessed by the 1963 recordings (most humorous is &quot;Moonlight  Bay&quot; with Morecambre and Wise!)  <br />Also recommended is the CD single  which includes demos of &quot;This Boy&quot;, &quot;I Saw Her Standing  There&quot;, and the 1967 &quot;Christmas Time (Is Here  Again)&quot;.<br />This is the most historical ofthe 3 Anthologies!
B0000021RL|5.0|The boys from The Windy City blew into 1974 on a serious roll: six consecutive platinum albums, two consecutive #1 albums, and the status of a world-class supergroup. Ensconced in the creative safe-haven of their  Caribou Ranch studios high in the Colorado Rockies, the band defied all  sense of convention by producing a brilliant 15-song set that remains their  richest and most stylistically diverse album ever. From progressive  instrumentals (&quot;Aire&quot;) to Latin pop (&quot;Happy Man&quot;) and  jazz (&quot;Mongonucleosis&quot;) to acoustic (&quot;Byblos&quot;) and  electric (&quot;Lifesaver&quot; and &quot;Woman Don't Want To Love  Me&quot;) rock to funky blue-eyed soul (&quot;Skinny Boy&quot;), Chicago  VII  showcased their dazzling musicianship to full effect. This was an  incredibly original and innovative band at their personal and professional  peak.
6303921248|5.0|I read this book many years ago and really enjoyed it.  When the movie (mini-series) came on tv I decided to give it a try.  Normally movies do not live up to the books.  They do not stay true to the characters and it  nearly ruins the effect.  This movie floored me.  So what if it's five  hours long.  It has become one of my favorites.  My husband and I pull it  out on cold or rainy days and while away the hours with a movie in a class  with Gone With the Wind.  My children even love it.  It has some wonderful  Christian themes and portrays a time in history which I would very much  like to see more films of.  This movie has the power to make you laugh and  cry as well as feel indignant on the part of several of the characters.  A  must see for everyone in my opinion.
0385484518|1.0|Morrie went on Nightline, not once, not twice, but three times to tell millions of viewers that dying wasn't all that bad. &quot;How bad is it?&quot; asks Ted Koppel on the last show. Morrie tries to lift his arm  which promptly collapses back. It's like those old Roman gladiatorial games  where the crowd watches someone die and enjoys the thrill. Not only is that  fake emoition, it is also disgusting. But fake emotions abound in this book  which was carefully crafted to touch the fuzzy-feelies of the popular mind.  Morrie is so nice even when dying that he isn't real He is a fictional  character cleaned up and polished to look sweeter and better than humans  really do. But all that is neither here nor there compared to the main fake  message which is: &quot;Once you learn to die, you learn how to live.&quot;  Wow! That has a kind of catchy affected poetic asymmetry to it. Let's  think. Is it true? Does it make sense? In this otherwise fake book, there  is one true thing. It's on page 116 where Morrie says, &quot;And you know  what? The strangest thing. I began to enjoy my dependency. Now I enjoy when  they turn me over on my side and rub cream on my behind... I revel in it. I  close my eyes and soak it up.&quot; Yup, that's the truth right there,  Morrie's truth, and a none-too-pleasant truth at that. But it's just part  of an even more macabre truth: Morrie liked dying. No change that. He  reveled in the process, and delighted in the TV celebrity he got from it.  Too bad he never got to see his literary success too. It turns out dying  has a terrible price attached to it. It puts you out of touch and is so, so  permanent.
0783240236|5.0|Hitchcock's macabre classic finally gets its due on this DVD Collector's Edition.  The film, which by turns thrills (the various bird attacks) and amuses (the frequently bantering dialogue), is presented in all its  widescreen glory -- an important consideration for Hitchcock enthusiasts,  given the director's meticulous planning of his films' visual compositions.  &quot;The Birds&quot; features some great cinematography, a nerve-wracking  soundtrack, and some finely wrought performances (particularly those of  Jessica Tandy, Suzanne Pleshette and Ethel Griffies); all are well-served  by the film-to-DVD transfer. There are a wealth of bonus features,  including newsreel footage of Hitchcock and Hedren publicizing the film, an  extensive stills gallery, and a fascinating behind the scenes production  documentary.  Especially intriguing are the ad-libbed screen test clips  pairing Hedren with &quot;Psycho&quot; player Martin Balsam while Hitchcock  provides verbal instructions off-camera!  All in all, a most welcome  addition to my DVD collection, and one I'm pleased to recommend for yours.
6304196938|1.0|The film North by north west Hitchcocks best master piece, or so I'm told. Personally I can't see it. Cary Grants acting was wooden and a let down. I understand that the colour in this film is meant to be vivid,Colour is  important in other Hitchcock films such as, Marnie, which I think is far  better than N by NW. In Marnie red is important because of what happened to  her as a child, in N by NW is it really necessary for Cary Grants skin tone  to be so orange? It has no significance to the film what so ever.    After  watching the film repeatedly, much to my distress,a question was brought up  on the relationship between the two villains, Vandam and Lenard. In one  scene Rodger (Grant) and Eve (Saint) are walking along the train platform  and the love music  is on, then the shot switches to the villians and the  music doesn't change could this mean that there is something romantic going  on between them? Even though there is no visual evidence Lenard does say  something about 'his womans intuition'. Do we really care? Some people  might but I'm afraid This film really did disappoint me. The fight scenes  were slow and the love scenes slobbering!  The only thing that I thought  was good, was the way Rodger lied to gain access to any form of transport  through out the whole of the film. Still all in all, this one detail will  not persuade me to watch this film for my own amusment!
0380973464|5.0|_Cryptonomicon_ is a bit of a departure from Stephenson's last two, in that it takes place NOW. I wasn't sure if this would be a problem, since _Zodiac_ is definitely weaker than _Snow Crash_ or _The Diamond Age_.  Happily, I have to say the only problems I had with this book were A) it  ended, and B) the ending seemed a little off to me. That may just be  because the lead-up was so strong, or may be sour grapes. As for the rest  of it, it's Stephenson at his finest. The style is his usual combination of  lyrical intelligence with bursts of earthy straight-talk, only this time  more humor got stirred into the mix. I burst out laughing at least five or  six times while reading. There aren't many writers that can do that to me  in a non-comedy. His characters are spot on, and the plot is actually  consistent with them! Most writers who put this many twists into their  stories get a little too clever, in my opinion, pushing intricacy at the  expense of credibility. Ol' Neil manages the balancing act rather nicely;  he always remembers that he's telling a story, not coming up with  brainteasers. I don't know anybody else writing in the sf/tech field that  does it quite this way, and darn few who do it as well. If Joseph Heller  had teamed up with William Gibson to play the fly in &quot;The Fly&quot;,  and Thomas Pynchon had stepped into the other booth, Neil Stephenson might  well have wandered out of the steam when the door opened.
0790749815|5.0|Hitchcock's best, and my personal all time favorite.  Cary Grant is at his best as the Ad Man mistaken for a secret agent.  He is charming and funny in his role as Roger Thornhill.  James Mason is fantastic.  The score  complements the action perfectly.  A must see!
0345347951|3.0|Although some reviewers have called this a classic, it still remains firmly in the genre of Science Fiction.  It is a book of ideas, a book well crafted and easy to read, but a book that fails to break through into the  realms of \\"Literature\\".<br />At the centre is a powerful image of alien  spacecraft hanging over the earth (Clarke traces the image to an experience  he had in the Second World War).  The `Overlords' force onto mankind all  that it has desired: \\"Peace and goodwill\\"; good health and technological  advance; the elimination of poverty. Religions die away with the approach  of Utopia, but humanity still remains unsatisfied in a number of ways.   Several of the plot details grow from a lack of understanding and a  distrust of the new rulers of the World.  <br />The Overlords, however, are  really only midwives supervising the period of incubation as the last  humans give birth to the children who bring childhood to an end.<br />The  story is simple and the images created strong but there is a lack of  characterisation which allows the reader to dissociate from the action.   There are witty reversals of accepted beliefs (the people who turn out to  value the soul are not what you would expect, I promise you) and a  wonderful downbeat ending - one that fits well with the overall  conception.<br />The ideas raised are the old hot potatoes of, \\"Does man have  free will?\\" and \\"What relationship is there between the Mind and the Body?\\"     It was not an unpleasant read, but I felt a lack of solidity in the  writing which made me want more than I was given.  Still, worth the effort  (it is a short book).
B000002N2Z|5.0|The Deftones are one of the pioneers of the nu-metal age.  Brought to the mainstream with the help of Korn (although I'm sure they did not really need any help as talented as this band is) the Deftones unleashed the album  &quot;Adrenaline&quot;. In my mind the second most influential and  important album  to all those aspiring crossover artists.  The first being  Korn's s/t.<br />I call the Deftones' music emo-core with more of a harder  edge.  The music is extremely heavy featuring thick and exquisite guitar  work by Stephen, blood-throbbing bass by Chi, accentuated by steady  drumwork courtesy of Abe, creating a fusillade of tempo-laden music that  can be aggressive or just plain soothing.  The musicians' talent is very  evident on this album and Stephen, Chi, and Abe just flow so well together  creating music that is special.<br />Once again, it's not the music itself  that makes this band so great but it is the songwriting and vocal talents  of Chino Moreno that gives the Deftones that special edge.  Chino is by far  one of the most talented vocalists out there (also my favorite vocalist  alongside Brian Armer-formerly of Juice) whose ability to switch from  melodic crooning, to rap-singing, and hardcore screaming is nothing short  of brilliant.  &quot;Adrenaline&quot; showcases all of Chino's vocal  abilities and then some, although the lyrics leave something to be  desired.<br />The album is a complete masterpiece from start to finish  featuring such songs as &quot;Bored&quot; and &quot;Firal&quot; which  exhibits their softer side.  For pure, adulterated, aggression, check out  &quot;7 Words&quot;.  &quot;Minus Blindfold&quot; and &quot;One Weak&quot;  showcase the best of both worlds while &quot;Engine No. 9&quot; and  &quot;Root&quot; feature that rap-metal vibe.<br />The Deftones are my all  time favorite band, not just for creating this album  &quot;Adrenaline&quot;, but for creating music that I can relate to more  than any other that I have heard.  Andlike a fine wine, the Deftones  merely ripen and mature, evolving into something finer and more artistic as  the years go by.  The Deftones will definitely be around for a long time.   June 20:  Prepare for the White Pony.
B000001EPB|5.0|I purchased this CD on a whim.  I have seen the advertisements for this type of show, but never seen one.  The music on this CD will let your soul fly.  Between the toe tapping beats and the soulfull Irish tunes, your  attention stays with the music every second.  I have shared this with  students, and they all love it.
0671775308|4.0|The book gives very good insihgts about who the real millionaire people are;however,it does not care about their social status.I believe the authors did not include millionaires who live a more realistic life without going broke.I mean the ones who buy expensive things for a purpose. for  ejample:to show their good taste, economic progress, just to feel good etc.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I must admit I stumbled onto the Radiohead scene completely by accident. I liked Creep when I heard it, but thought the band was another grunge-like alternative band - so I stayed away - Finally after hearing &quot;Karma  Police&quot; I decided I had to see what they were all about. I picked up  OK Computer and took it home and listened to it right away. A thought it  was interesting...in a &quot;paranoid schizophrenic&quot; kind of way - but  nothing really jumped out at me...what an idiot I was...Anyhow - it got  lost in my collection until one night I was watching of all things,  &quot;The List&quot; on VH1 and they were trying to decide who should make  the list for current bands that are destined to become Rock  Legends...interesting topic - the panel was throwing out their usual crap  and arguing over choices when one person (I have no idea who was on the  panel) said &quot;Radiohead&quot; - and not one person on the panel refuted  it...I was thinking &quot;what? &quot; - so needless to say I tried  &quot;OK Computer&quot; again...WOW - it does take a couple of listens -  but it is unbelievable once it clicks. I can't say enough about the depth  of their music - the only problem I have with it is it makes all the other  music in my collection boring, bland, and one-dimensional by comparison\\"  Incidentally, \\"The Bends&quot; is a much easier album to get into - and  it's great as well, but nothing I have compares to &quot;OK Computer&quot;.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is a band of unbridled destruction, unleashing a musical barrage of intensity that few bands can hope to match.  They are an in-your-face, we don't give a damn about anybody, screw the world, group of nine very  angry people.  Each and every member of the band is intense through and  through creating music that will make your ears bleed.<br />Slipknot's music  is extremely heavy dominated by a deadly combination of live drums, drum  loops, and percussions accompanied by wicked guitar riffs, some really sick  scratching and samples, and devasting bass, all of which comprised together  to create some of the most intense and dominating nu-metal of the  millenium.  It is a mixture of death metal, thrash, aggro, and crossover  with that distinct raw down-tuned sound that producer Ross Robinson has  become famous for. The only problem with the music is that it is not really  that creative or original, just intense.  I figured that with nine members  you would be able to create a lot of different sounds and accentuate your  music.<br />Lead singer Corey has a lot of anger within him which he unleashes  with unbridled passion upon each and every song.  Featuring a lot of  screaming, hardcore singing, a bit of rapping, some softer singing, and a  lot of cussing (which people seem to like), Corey delivers like a ten ton  hammer.  Not the most talented vocalist or songwriter but his passion and  intensity makes up for that.<br />The cd is intense throughout (with some  lapses of nonsense) featuring great songs like &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot;,  a radio-friendly song with a bit of melody intertwined.  &quot;Spit it  Out&quot;, &quot;Only One&quot;, and &quot;No Life&quot; are songs that has  some rap-metal influences.  &quot;(SIC)&quot;, &quot;Liberate&quot;,  &quot;Purity&quot;, &quot;Diluted&quot;, and &quot;Scissors&quot; are songs  that just want to crush the listener into oblivion.<br />Overall, an  incredible cd and one of the hardest-hitting acts to have come outin a  long time.  Not the most talented or original band in the world, but  definitely one of the most intense.  See them live, but only if you can  handle it.  Other great hardcore bands:  Chimaira, Mushroomhead, Hate  Machine, Painface, 44, Machine Head, Dissolute, Vitamin F.
B00000IOSU|5.0|WOW I HAD HER SURFACING CD AND NEVER LISTENED TO IT.  I THOUGHT THAT SARAH WAS LAME AND BORING UNTIL SOMEONE GAVE ME THIS CD.  IT MADE ME REALIZE WHAT A POWERFUL VOICE SHE HAS.  I GUESS THE CD IS LIKE A GREATEST HITS EXCEPT  LIVE BUT IT DOES NOT MATTER CAUSE HER VOICE IS UNTOUCHABLE, JUST PERFECT ON  EVERY NOTE.   BUILDING A MYSTERY HAS GOT A BEAT YOU CANNOT FORGET HOLD ON  IS A SONG THAT I HAVE HEARD BEFORE BUT CAN NOT REMEMBER WHERE BUT IT IS SO  NICE A HER VOICE JUST MAKES YOU WANNA CRY IN A HAPPY WAY GOOD ENOUGH IS OK  I WILL REMEMBER YOU IS ONE OF THE BEST SONGS WITH A GRAMMY WIN FOR BEST  FEMALE PERFORMANCE WELL YOU CAN OBVIOUSLY HEAT WHY AIDA AND I LOVE YOU ARE  SO SWEET WITH HER VOICE CRYING OUT LIKE AN ANGEL DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO AND  THE PATH OF THORNS ARE OK BUT NOT GREAT FEAR NOW THIS SONG IS MY FAVORITE,  YOU HAVE TO LISTEN TO IT REALLY WELL AND HOW STRONG HER VOICE IS HERE, IT  IS JUST GREAT POSSESSION IS THE ONLY SONG I THINK THAT SOUNDS BETTER IN THE  REGULAR VERSION, THE LIVE VERSION DOES NOTHING FOR ME SWEET SURRENDER IS  ANOTHER CLASSIC AS WELL AS ICE CREAM FUMBLING TOWARD ECSTACY IS AHHH NOT SO  GOOD  FINALLY ANGEL WHICH IS AN UNFORGETTABLE SONG WITH GREAT LYRICS AND  HER VOICE IS SO RICH AND PERFECT GET THIS CD YOU WILL LISTEN TO IT WHILE  RELAXING AT HOME AND LOVE IT DEARLY.
0425152251|5.0|This book is simply your gate to enter the real world...the world of pure thought and imagination.
0684833395|5.0|Awesome book - the funniest book about the saddest topic that I have or ever will read - Everyone should read this - especially if you are, have been or will be in a bureaucracy (read - everyone)
B0000062GE|5.0|Stabbing Westward is one of those really talented bands that has been around for a while yet has little recognition due to being lumped in the copycat category.  This is a shame since they are just so talented and  hardworking and not in the least a copycat band.  I don't even know who I  would say they sound like.  They are definitely their own band. Their  latest cd is an incredible endeavor into the deepest and darkest recesses  of the human soul.  <br />The music on &quot;Darkest Days&quot; is at times  dark and depressing, other times soothing, gothic, or extreme unadulterated  anger and pain, even electronica.  Featuring music that is dominated by  keyboards which gives the music a distinct sound accompanied by haunting  melodies and tight drums and bass, Stabbing Westward will take the listener  on a neverending journey of a plethora of experimentation and incredible  songwriting.<br />Lead singer Chris Hall has a beautiful yet dark voice who is  an incredible singer.  His haunting, poetic lyrics will leave you reeling  no matter what song you listen to.  This is songwriting and lyrics straight  from the heart, depressing yet real.<br />The entire cd is a ballad of some of  the darkest and most beautiful music that I have heard.  From the start of  &quot;Darkest Days&quot; to the end of &quot;Everything I Touch&quot; will  just leave you breathless while &quot;Save Yourself&quot; and  &quot;Haunting Me&quot; are you're radio-type songs, although they are not  really that good. &quot;Desperate Now&quot;, &quot;Sometimes It  Hurts&quot;, &quot;On Your Way Down&quot;, and &quot;Waking Up Beside  You&quot; are just plain beautiful and will leave you in a pool of your own  tears.  Great cd.<br />Stabbing Westward has definitely matured over the years  and in my mind are one of the few great bands out there.  They follow their  own formula and just write and make beautiful music.  Check them out.<br />Do  not be swayed by the masses, decide for yourselves whether you like a band  or not.  Make an effort and actually &quot;listen&quot; to a band.  It's  not all about who gets played on MTV or has the most radio airplay.  There  are just so many bands out there who are so talented and creates music that  is so much more beautiful, mature, and refined than these so called  &quot;mainstream bands&quot;, that it's not even funny.  I mean these bands  create music for themselves, for the people, not to get rich and famous.   People, open up your eyes and ears and get out from under the trap of  society that you have been imprisoned.  Peace.
B000031XCR|4.0|The reason I did not give her % stars was because there are a lot of songs here that are missing to be a greatest hits collection.  Where Does my heart beat now, All By Myself, When I fall in love, and Misled are just a  few left out of the collection.  Reguardly Celine's songs are timeless, and  always remembered.  This cd contains the power of love, her first #1, If  you asked me to which is a forgotton song that was really loved, Beauty and  the beast which i hate lol, Because you loved me, My favorite It's all  coming back to me now with her powerful voice and strong piano, upbeat love  can move mountains, To love you more with its sighing violins, My heart  will go on gag gag, and I'm your angel.  It also has 7 new songs including  Thats The way it is which everyone knows by now.  The other six are good  too.  Well get this cd cause I never owned a cd by her before this one and  I love it.
B00003CXDU|4.0|I expected a few laughs from Galaxy Quest, but was pleasantly entertained beyond what I thought this film would do for me.  There's many humorous references to Star Trek, but beyond that I enjoyed the clever integration  of dry wit, 70s-style SciFi camp, and moments of wackyness.  For instance,  the Thermian's mannerisms seem clearly inspired by Andy Kaufman, with a  little Al Gore stiffness thrown in.   A wonderfully silly movie that I  don't hesitate to recommend.
B000000WA4|5.0|I never get tired of listening to these CDs. - Just when I think one is my favorite - I listen to the other and change my mind - and it's still growing on me after a few years - I highly recommend it!
B000002NIW|5.0|The Deftones are truly one of the few great bands out there. They took a sound that they created and made popular and took it to the next level and beyond.  Here on their sophomore release they are a much tighter band, more confident creating music featuring intelligent song structures and lyrical phrases.  Simply amazing.<br />The music is still more of the same Deftones sound although you can tell the differences.  There is less of a rap-metal influence and more of an emphasis on melody and a heavy, hardcore sound.  Chi and Stephen continue to rip it up with wicked riffs and bass lines with added experimentation while Abe decided to pummel the listener's eardrums until they burst.  The tempo changes from extreme melody to extreme hardcore are just devastating and no band does it better than the Deftones.<br />After hearing Chino on &quot;Adrenaline&quot; I was simply amazed, but there are no words to describe his performance on &quot;Around the Far&quot;.  He is simply the best vocalist out there. He can go from incredibly soothing to an intense, mindblowing vocal assault of rage and back to mellow again seamlessly.  Lyrically Chino is much more poetic this time around unleashing more of his self into this album.  Definitely expanding and growing as a vocalist and songwriter Chino will only continue to get better as time goes by.<br />Like &quot;Adrenaline&quot;, just a great album from start to finish with more variety in the songs.  On songs like &quot;Mascara&quot;, &quot;Be Quiet and Drive (far away)&quot;, and &quot;Dai the Flu&quot;, the listener is exposed to the softer side of the Deftones while songs like &quot;Rickets&quot; and &quot;Headup&quot; are some of the heaviest songs that the Deftones have done so far.  &quot;My Own Summer&quot; (Shove It), and &quot;Lhabia&quot; feature the best of both worlds while &quot;MX&quot; just has an incredibly cool vibe and chorus to it. Also check out the hidden song which is just beautiful.  Excellent cd.<br />TheDeftones have truly evolved as all bands should, but they have not strayed too far from the sound that makes them so popular. Proving to themselves and the rest of the world that they do posses talent and can make it they have only one thing left to do, take over the entire music industry.  After seeing the growth that the Deftones made between &quot;Adrenaline&quot; and &quot;Around the Fur&quot; (although I believe that &quot;Adrenaline&quot; is still their best cd because it is much more complete and emotionally charged) I anxiously await to see what transformation the Deftones will make on their next cd: The White Pony (June 20). Deftones I salute you.  Peace.
6301971582|4.0|I have not read the novel from which this was derived, but the film itself really is excellent.  Michael York delivers a powerful portrayal of a &quot;sandman&quot;, whose job it is to &quot;retire&quot; people who try  to flee this future dystopia, in which life is easy and carefree, but at 30  you die.<br />I am a big Jenny Agutter fan, like at least one other reviewer  here.  She is somehow both wide-eyed and intelligent in this film, not  unlike the rabbits in &quot;Watership Down&quot;, but, in my personal  opinion, quite a bit sexier!<br />The society portrayed was an intriguing one.   Michael York's character shows the casual attitudes of a member of the  elite toward his considerable priveleges, but at the same time reveals that  he is questioning his society at least a little bit.  The scenes within the  city showed several venues whose sole role seemed to be to flesh out the  visual element of the plot.  In the case of the Love Shop, I use the word  &quot;flesh&quot; particularly advisedly.  Anyway, it did have some neat  things to say about how people transfer their sense of belonging as they  age, and as they pass from one age bracket to another.  The adolescents  were just about right, although the way they moved was a little more  theatrical, a little more Broadway, than South Central L.A., by which I  mean they just sounded and looked like actors, rather than dangerous street  kids.<br />Basically, however, this movie has a lot to recommend it.  Richard  Jordan does a great job.  Watch his facial expressions, he never falls out  of character.  Peter Ustinov sort of changed the focus of the film for  awhile, but I didn't mind.  Listen to his lines when they are in the U.S.  Capitol, some of them are easy to miss, but it is worth being alert to his  lines, they are frequently hysterical.  The settings are still visually  appealing, and as for their drawbacks, hey guys, it was the 70s, cut them  some slack.  Absolutely worth your money.  Two thumbs up.
B00004RFDW|4.0|This movie was interesting right from the beginning.  I love stories based on fact, so I was ready to get into it.  I did, but I have to confess that towards the end I was wishing it would end already.  And I hate to have  those thoughts watching a movie.<br />Russell Crowe deserved an Oscar  nomination for his portrayal of Jeffrey Wigand.  The tension and quiet,  dignified torment he conveyed was palpable. I began to worry about him.   Would he commit suicide or not?  I felt sorry for him, but I also wondered  if it was worth it.  Personally, I don't consider tobacco companies the  biggest evil in the world.  If someone wants to smoke and risk their  health, I think it is their own business.  Tobacco companies don't force  anyone to start smoking.  They don't force anyone to keep smoking.  Sure,  cigarettes with their ingredients can be addictive, but so is sugar.  Want  to talk about a real problem in this country?  Obesity is a  problem.<br />Christopher Plummer was also great as Mike Wallace.  I thought  he had the mannerisms down very well.  Al Pacino (Lowell Bergman) has  always been a good actor himself.  I saw a comparison to &quot;All The  President's Men&quot; with this movie.  The only time it reminded me of  &quot;All The President's Men&quot; was when Al Pacino meets the New York  Times (?) reporter at night to exchange information.<br />One thing that got  on my nerves was the music.  I only noticed it half-way through and at the  end.  It was a voice singing notes, with no words.  It reminded me of an  old Saturday Night Live skit where this guy is going crazy with the same  kind of voice.  He hunts down the voice and its a woman in a room singing  like she's insane.  I could have done without that effect.<br />Overall, its a  well made, intense movie.  Just alittle too long.
B000023X9W|5.0|&quot;good to see you again&quot; neil young's opening track says it all, i've waited 25 years to hear music and vocals as powerful as this. not since &quot;harvest&quot;, neil's finest hour, has his music been so good.  sorry neil, but I believe this work surpasses &quot;harvest&quot;. Why?  like &quot;harvest&quot; the imagery is there, the passion is there, the  vocal and instrumental articulation are there. so whats the difference ?  age. like a stradavarius, a bottle of &quot;grange&quot; (australia's  finest wine&quot;),neil's voice has evolved, the same haunting, all  enveloping, all consuming emotions, wax and wane over the senses, but now  combine with a new found sensitivity that only those who have lived the  fullest of lives will ever know.&quot;silver and gold&quot; is the stuff of  legends, effortless excellence.
B00000JPH6|5.0|I saw this film in it's original theatrical run, and it helped ignite an interest in fantasy and fantasy art that has stuck with me to this day.<br /> The story is your standard quest, and while some of the dialogue and voices  may come off as somewhat cartoonish (I do wish the creators had stuck with  the original Skeksis language), the true strength of the film is in it's  visuals.  Simply put, the film is a feast for the eye, and the imagination.  Every scene is chock full of detailed objects or odd creatures.You'll  likely find yourself wishing the camera would linger on a scene a bit  longer just so you can study the detail. Hats off to not only Henson and Oz  for bringing us this film, but also to Brian Froud for the amazing designs.  It's amazing to see his artwork transferred so easily from paper to the  screen.<br /> Not only is it a great film, but the DVD package is one of the  best I've seen. The print is crystal clear (no pun intended) and sounds  great.  The disk is jammed with plenty of extra goodies as well, like a  collection of alternate or deleted scenes, and a fascinating  behind-the-scenes documentary. There's also a music-only track that allows  you to take in the visuals without distraction. All it's missing is a  commentary track, but I suppose we can't have everything.<br /> Obviously the  package was put together by someone who cared for the material, and is a  perfect testament to Jim Henson's genius. This is a film that both children  and parents can enjoy together, and should be part of every DVD collection.
6302649943|3.0|I Rented IT A While Ago.It Was Okay.But I Didn't Think Of It As A Scary Movie More Like A Supense-Thriller With A Touch Of Horror.But It Was Still Good For A 3 HR. Movie.
052594527X|3.0|What an interesting idea for a novel: Tracy Chevalier has taken a painting of an unknown woman by a painter about whom we know almost nothing &amp; written the story behind it's creation as seen thru the eyes of it's subject. &quot;Girl With A Pearl Earring&quot; is the result, &amp; an  impressive novel it is.<br />However, it impresses in terms of craft, of  technique. As I read it, I couldn't help comparing it to the marvelous  &quot;Memoirs of A Geisha&quot; which also takes us into the mind of a  young girl in a world very foreign to most readers. Where  &quot;Memoirs...&quot; fully involved the reader both in descriptions of  daily life in a vanished world &amp; in the people populating it,  &quot;Girl With A Pearl Earring&quot; exists more as a set piece. There are  exquisite sketches of the dour, plodding life of the average Delft citizen  in the 17th century, but they never breath. I never felt I understood why  the main characters acted as they did, I never felt in sympathy with the  dilemmas that formed the core of the book &amp; the resolution felt forced  somehow. Also, viewing the painting that inspired the book, I simply didn't  feel this was a plausible &quot;back-story&quot;.<br />Vermeer's paintings are  quiet, frozen moments of daily life that seem forever trapped in amber.  &quot;Girl With A Pearl Earring&quot; gives a similar feel to the reader.  If you prefer a quiet, contemplative book that is primarily focused on  thought rather than action, you will probably enjoy this novel more than I  did. I guess I'll just never appreciate literature....
0440213525|4.0|The Client was a very good book. The reason I gave this book a four star rating is because it kept me wanting to read the book and not put it down.  Another reason is because Grisham related teenagers very well to this book.  The two boys in this book had to face a challenge that teens all over the  world have to face everyday.
0783110928|5.0|I veiwed this &quot;movie&quot; about 5 months ago, and I must say that it was a superb movie. First of all, Angelina Jolie was perfect for the part, infact her acting was so real, I was almost feeling how she felt. Second, I  had no idea that this was a true story when I had seen it. While I was  watching it, I thought it was very sad and entertaining, but when I found  out that EVERYTHING in the film was true, I wa shocked.  And third, the  story is so touching and tragic at times.  I know guys don't cry, but I  almost did at the very en when Gia found out she had aids and couldn' tell  her girlfrind, Linda. This was a great story and it showd that people who  are beautiful can't always have beauty and happiness at the same time.  To  sum it all up...it was FANTASTIC!  A MUST SEE!
B000001IPL|5.0|This CD was one of those life changing experiences, ranking slighly below In Utero.  I always liked Offspring better than Green Day by a little.  In fact, I got this CD slightly before it broke big.  I got it in June of '94,  and it didn't get real huge until about August.  The CD defined the year  1994 for me!  I listened to it every day, and I can still crank it and it  rules the universe.  Bad Habit!  Genocide (most underrated Offspring song)!   Come Out and Play!  Self Esteem!  Smash!  Good God, there are about 5 or 6  unforgettable punk anthems and the rest is killer as well.  So, what are  you waiting for?  Get this now!
6305807043|5.0|Most movies these days are too formulistic, they are either boy loves girl or a so call &quot;hero&quot; saves the world, all of which has been done a billion times, and just when I think Hollywood is running out of ideas, they came up with this. Forget about all those movies you've seen for the  past few years at the cinema's door step, this is like nothing you've ever  seen before. The idea itself is so bizarre and wacky it is almost beyond  believe, what's this film about? Well, it is exactly what it said on the  tin, people BE John Malkovich, see what he's seeing feel what's feeling and  taste what's he consuming. And they can experience it for 15 minutes for a  mere $200, following so far?<br />The main characters in this film is John  Cusack, he plays a talented puppeteer who can't seems to get a break,  Cameron Diaz plays his animal loving wife (she looks nothing like she did  in all her other films, I never thought she can look dreadful). So he took  a job as a file clerk (because he's good with his fingers) in an office on  the 7 and a half floor. Where he met Catherine Keener who plays Cusack's  co-worker and love interest, and John Malkovich plays himself.<br />And one  day Cusack's character finds a porthole to John Malkovich's mind in the 7 ½  floor and that's where to the wacky and wonderful story begins. I won't  give away the plot twist here because the story is told so beautifully and  carefully that it would give anyone a surprise or two.<br />As for the acting,  it seems that John Cusack isn't capable of bad acting or even  &quot;alright&quot; acting, he is OUTSTANDING. Even Cameron Diaz fits her  role perfectly, Catherine Keener deserved her Oscar nomination and John  Malkovich should at least get an award just for begin such a good sport,  and not forgetting Charlie Sheen, I didn't see that cameo coming, oops. As  directions, Spike Jonze has truly put himself on the A-list for new  directors; I would never imagine the &quot;forth king&quot; in&quot;Three  Kings&quot; could make such a wonderful and imaginative film.<br />Bottom line  - Forget about all the other Sci-Fi/ Action adventures/ Romantic comedies/  Drama for a few hours and enjoy one of the rarest and best Hollywood export  in years.
0684874350|5.0|Angela's Ashes is the wonderful memoir of Frank McCourt, born during the depresson in Brooklyn, New York. He was the son to emabattled, Irish immigrants and raised to endure poverty after moving to Limerick, Ireland.  It is a story of abuse, neglect, and tragedy. Yet Frank, the eldest son,  lives to tell his tale with humor, eloquence, and remarkable compassion.  The book is deeply moving, being such a combination of many melancholy and  humorous feelings. Angela's Ashes: A Memoir is nothing short of a future  classic.
B00000K19E|5.0|Well, apparently you know what the movie is about, so I'll not dwell on that. But what strikes me is that's how a movie becomes a classic: it has style (great music and direction), intrigue, pathos and even a drop of  love-story and, what's more, all together it makes sense and makes you  think afterwards, what is unusual!  Modern technology and special effects  are used to enhance the plot, not to replace it (like in laughable,  childish Phantome Menace, Ep. 1). Even Mr. Reeves, whose career soared  after some time spent in oblivion, deserves highest merit (of course, apart  from the scenes when his head is shaved...)
B00004C4KZ|5.0|&quot;Atem&quot; was Tangerine Dream's fourth album, released in 1973. In many ways, it marks the group's furthest departure from the world of rock and pop and the closest they ever came to the sound world of the classical  avant garde.<br /> The opening title track, 'Atem' (the German word for  'breath') clearly builds upon earlier TD material, like 'Alpha Centauri'  and 'Zeit', being similar both in scale-it is over 20 minutes long-and  style. In many ways, it is an updating of &quot;Electronic  Meditation&quot;, with Chris Franke's tom-tom drumming providing the main  impetus over mostly organ and synth sounds in its early parts, and for its  almost organic overtones. 'Atem' is a beautifully structured work and has  an exquisite central section, with a quiet heartbeat pattern played on tom  toms, over an eerie mellotron loop and some beautifully textured patterns  of white noise and, later, throbbing VCS3 sounds.<br /> The next track,  'Fauni-Gena' is another largish work (almost 11 mins) which continues in a  similar vein. The sound world here is suggestive of the primitive  rainforest, with, once more, a haunting mellotron loop over the sounds of  exotic birds and other creatures (whether real or synthesised is never  obvious) carrying the listener's imagination off to far away times and  places.  'Circulation of Events' is another typical early TD meditative  piece, featuring sustained organ and synthesiser notes over a rising VCS3  pulse. The final track, 'Wahn' (another German title: this one means  'delusion'-in the sense of that which gives rise to insanity!) is unique in  the Tangerine Dream canon, however, in consisting of little beyond vocal  utterings (grunts, mutterings, screams, shouts and so on) echoed and  reverbed, until a rising percussion line restores some semblance of decorum  and a gentle mellotron theme sings the work to a close. This is a track  owing more to Ligeti's 'Aventures' and 'Nouvelles Aventures' and works of  that ilk, than to anything from the rock or pop world. Perhaps the closest  you can get to this nowadays would be Trevor Wishart's 'Vox cycle'.<br /> This  CD is a remastered release from original master tapes by TD's own Eastgate  studio, so is probably as definitive a release as could be achieved. Its  analogue origins remain apparent throughout, however, with tape hiss being  quite prevalent, especially through the quieter passages, of which this  disc has plenty. This needn't put you off, though, as the material more  than makes up for these technical shortcomings, and I'm happy to report  that the release is free of any particularly disturbing remastering  artefacts.ything from the rock or pop world. Perhaps the closest  you can get to this nowadays would be Trevor Wishart's 'Vox cycle'.<br /> This  CD is a remastered release from original master tapes by TD's own Eastgate  studio, so is probably as definitive a release as could be achieved. Its  analogue origins remain apparent throughout, however, with tape hiss being  quite prevalent, especially through the quieter passages, of which this  disc has plenty. This needn't put you off, though, as the material more  than makes up for these technical shortcomings, and I'm happy to report  that the release is free of any particularly disturbing remastering  artefacts.
B00003CX95|5.0|Mel Gibson is wonderful as Scottish warrior William Wallace. He brings an sense of dignity to the role, while playing a warrior. The story is one of great proportions.It involves Scotland trying to win it's freedom from  England in the 1200's. A leading force in this struggle is a group led by  William Wallace (wonderfully played by Mel Gibson)and many others. As his  wife, we find the lovely Sophie Marceau,who is excellent. Her character  meets a tragic end at the hand of an English soldier. This only fuels  Wallace's conquest further. What really makes this film great is wonderful  actors like Gibson and Marceau. As well as the storyline, which is just  about as good a Historical Drama as they come. I recommend this film to  anyone who wants to swept away into a great film
6305358567|5.0|This is a great examination of life in 16th century England, and the  circumstances that made Elizabeth I one of the greatest monarchs in World  History.  The best part is that we see the young Elizabeth: passionate,  vulnerable, and most of all, human.  Under threat of death by her own  sister, caught up in the English Counter-Reformation of the mid-1500's, and  facing love and marriage issues that would challenge man or woman,  Elizabeth at the end of the film chooses the only path open to her to  secure her throne: to transcend humanity and become an icon...or as to  paraphrase Elizabeth herself, &quot;to be a reborn Virgin&quot;.  The last  scene in the film encapsulates it, as Elizabeth transforms herself with  chalk-white makeup, a bright red wig, and a spectacular out-of-this-world  costume.  I do have some minor quibbles with the implied dates: the film  gives you the impression that Mary Tudor, Elizabeth's sister, dies in the  mid-1550s, when in reality it was 1558; also, the film doesn't emphasize  her intellectual brilliance as much as it should (and was historically  mentioned by everyone who met her).  But all in all, there's no better film  to illustrate this era in England in an understandable way and put a human  face on a woman most people only know as &quot;The Virgin Queen&quot;.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Well, apparently you know what the movie is about, so I'll not dwell on that. But what strikes me is that's how a movie becomes a classic: it has style (great music and direction), intrigue, pathos and even a drop of  love-story and, what's more, all together it makes sense and makes you  think afterwards, what is unusual!  Modern technology and special effects  are used to enhance the plot, not to replace it (like in laughable,  childish Phantome Menace, Ep. 1). Even Mr. Reeves, whose career soared  after some time spent in oblivion, deserves highest merit (of course, apart  from the scenes when his head is shaved...)
B00004C4L6|2.0|This was the embryonic Tangerine Dream's first record release, originally by a very forward-looking (to say nothing of brave) German record label,  Ohr. It was recorded in October 1969, a couple of years before even the  name Tangerine Dream had been heard in the UK, and some five years before  their signing to an upstart record-publisher, Virgin, gave both their own  and their record company's careers such a tremendous boost.<br />Bear in mind  that 1969 was only five years or so after Robert Moog and David Buchla  almost simultaneously released the world's first commercial electronic  music synthesisers: such instruments were still rare, expensive, and of  fairly limited capabilities back then, and the 'electronic' of the title  refers not to the use of any such instrument, but rather to the treatments  applied to the sound produced from the standard acoustical  instruments--guitars and piano (Edgar Froese), cello and violin (Conrad  Schnitzler) and drum-kit and metal sticks (Klaus Schulze)--using an  extremely crude electronic effect device, an additator--basically, just a  ring modulator as far as I can tell--and the use of Farfisa organ. The  music itself is difficult to describe unless you're already familiar with  the cult experimental free-form rock that was prevalent across continental  Europe (especially Germany) in the late 60s but if you imagine three guys  hammering and scraping away and generally torturing their instruments,  often with little or no seeming regard for what their fellow group members  are doing at the time, then you'll have a pretty fair idea! But don't let  that put you off: this is important music which at one time had a huge cult  following and it deserves to be heard still. And, who knows, you may even  discover that you like it!<br /> Be warned, however, that this disc runs for  fewer than 35 minutes. (Hence the paucity of stars!) And it was recorded  'live' in an old warehouse, using less than the highest of fi recording  gear, so it has a much lower dynamic range than we're used to hearing these  days, and in parts sounds positively muddy. Which was probably intended...so it has a much lower dynamic range than we're used to hearing these  days, and in parts sounds positively muddy. Which was probably intended...
006016848X|5.0|Is there a video cassette seminar of this book?  If so, how can I get it?
B0000203YT|5.0|This is a great introduction to the world of William Shakespeare, and you will enjoy the film more if you are familiar with not only the general era, but theatre in general (especially actors!).  Depicting one of theatre's  great mysteries -- Shakespeare's younger days -- this film weaves a great  story of a passionate young man and the possible inspiration for the  females in &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; and &quot;Twelfth Night&quot;:  Viola, a noblewoman forced into an arranged marriage.  Viola wants to act,  something forbidden on the English stage in this era for women.  The film  intertwines the love story of Viola and Shakespeare with the development of  &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;, while throwing in many theatre jokes and  people, both comic and tragic.  Judi Dench is wonderful in her small role  as Elizabeth I.  I loved the ending of the film, where although everything  does not end perfectly, at least it's far from tragic.
B000002BFL|4.0|I've been listening to this CD for years now. It isn't something you can just have playing in the background, though.   It requires you to sit and listen - to hear the tales being spun. These are the stories of the  drifters, the immigrants, the lonely hearted.<br />In most of Bruce's work,  he's always written from the perspective of the outcast - the guy who just  wants a good life, something better. He's a great rocker, but he's a better  storyteller - maybe the best we have.<br />These songs will become part of  your dreams. He's cast such a hypnotic spell over them.  His guitar is soft  and beautiful here, his voice barely even above a whisper.  The keyboard  floats in and out. The lyrics are some of his best.  <br />Now.. This isn't a  CD that &quot;Born in the USA&quot; fans will love.  There's no pounding  rockers or Top 40 hooks.  It's a Southwestern &quot;Nebraska&quot;,  something Jack Kerouac would have enjoyed.  So... Sit back and allow  yourself to be taken on a drive across an America you may not have seen or  read about at the travel agency.<br />They're stories worth hearing....
0064407667|5.0|I read this book in about a day and enjoyed it thourghly.  Lemony Snicket, an unknown author to me before now, captures the reader's mind with a great plot and good story.  If you like happy endings, you'd be better off not  reading this book, for it has no happy ending, no happy beginning, and few  happy things in the middle.      Although it was an unhappy ending, it came  me wondering, and the same day I ordered The Reptile Room, The Wide Window,  The Miserable Mill, and preordered The Austere Acadamy.
0064407667|5.0|I love these books and I think they are almost as good as Harry Potter books!  They are very hilarious and I think EVERYONE should read them!  Even my grandma reads them!  =)  They're great!  I wish I could give it 10 stars instead of just 5!  Those books are amazing!
0892818875|5.0|Having read Gabriel's articles on how to utilize aromatherapy in concert with the principles of Traditional Chinese Medicine, I was thrilled to find he had published this gem of a book.  Although its approach works best for  those who have studied acupuncture or Chinese herbology, it is also for  those with a little familiarity with shiatsu or 5 element theory.  He does  a good job of explaining 5 element theory for those completely unfamiliar  with Chinese medicine, too.  The descriptions of essential oils and how  they are to be used is most useful for psychoemotional difficulties, but  sufficient info on physical uses is included.  I highly recommend this book  to people with an interest in both aromatherapy and Chinese medicine,  though any aromatherapy practitioner will glean new and useful information.
B0000025RI|2.0|I think even Michael Jackson doesnt understand how this average recording turned out to be the best seeling record ever. Its an average albun, not bad at all, but nothing special. There are three or four great songs, the  rest is plain boring.
6305810109|5.0|I had the pleasure of viewing almost all new releases in the brilliant film year of 1999. Above all, &quot;The Straight Story&quot; stands proudly at the top of my list. I cannot remember a film experience I have had that  left me feeling so utterly relaxed and satisfied at the same time. Sit  back, turn off the lights and let this film take you into a different state  of mind. Farnsworth's performance is as perfect as any screen role in  years. The Oscar deserved to be bestowed on him for a performance that was  not acting at all. He IS Alvin Straight, quite simply. The music by Angelo  Badalamenti (who is normally a bit eccentric in his musical scores) is  sublime. This is filmmaking at its best. David Lynch has found his niche'.  Let us hope that he sticks with this film style, and forgets all about  those such as &quot;Lost Highway&quot;.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I was very hesitant to listen to this Cd because I was getting sick of &quot;All The Small Things&quot; on the radio. But my cousin told me what a good Cd it was, so I gave it a spin and was very surprised! They are from  my hometown, (which makes them even cooler) and I underestimated their  talent. The instruments are great as well as the vocals. My personal  favorite songs are &quot;Dumpweed&quot;, &quot;Mutt&quot;, and &quot;Adam's  Song&quot;. Give it a shot, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
B0000019PA|5.0|I searched this album out, not knowing the name of the band, after I heard the first track played on an experimental radio program right after it's release a few years ago.  I have never been so fully paid off for a music  search as I have by this one...Yes, if improper singing annoys you, this  may not be the best choice.  I, however, as a trained vocalist, find that  my love of the insanely creative and elevating music vastly overrule the  singer's vocal &quot;problems.&quot;  His strength comes from the raw  conviction behind the notes as well as the lyrics which are as naked and  heart-wrenching as you can find on the market.  This is my favourite CD  right now and will continue to be for as long as I find myself constantly  entranced by new discoveries in the same tracks I've been re-playing.   There is nothing like this in the world, so if you want a new experience in  beauty, plunk down the cash and be amazed.
B000007SPU|5.0|If you have never heard This Mortal Coil before, this is the album to start with.   Dominic Appleton's voice is so chillingly perfect, I named my  son after him.  That's how much I LOVE this band! 'The Jeweler' will send  chills down your spine, as you can visualize the man with his tired fingers  polisinh his jewels.  'Drugs' is different for this band, as it is has a  faster beat then the rest of their songs, but is still just as moving. If  you are a Human Drama fan, or even The Cure, you should make it a point to  buy this album.
B00003CWOL|3.0|On the audio commentary of Mallrats, Kevin Smith says that if 30% of cinemagooers get his humour then he's a happy guy. Watching this in the cinema I would have to say that was the case. His subtle yet clever humour  shows us that there are still filmakers who don't want to spell everything  out for you, who give you a little credit, and teach you things Kevin Smith  style. There are those out there who complained that it was anti religion -  but the survey says NO, I think it was pro religion, I am an athiest but  laernt from this. It is a great film but the DVD is a let down. I already  own Clerks and Mallrats, both which are packed full of extras, so I  initially worried that the low price tag on this release would be a give  away, but hoped nevertheless. I was wrong, no commentary, no behind the  scenes stuff, no outtakes. On this ground the disc must be rated down hence  my 3 stars. So to  to close - great film, poor disc.
B000002U9W|1.0|Like most of Pink Floyd's early stuff, this album is interesting only as a cultural artifact.  Even if you are a big fan, like I am, you'll find this drugged out hippie drivel pretty hard to take.  There are better ways to  spend your money.
0679745203|4.0|The only flaw in this book is that there isn't much of a plot. It's an exploration of how each individual's life is affected by the war; it explores the people they were before the war and how it has changed it. In  a sense they ALL are patients. They all need treatment.  The writing is  exquisite. Though much of the novel is difficult to get through, the  writing more than makes up for it. If you are to read this book, have  patience and time. Don't take it on the beach. It's cerebral. Very  intelligent. And this isn't a Harlequin romance; it's one you can actually  believe in. But it should be read--I think it's a very important book in  CANADIAN fiction.
B000002C1W|2.0|Once Roger Waters left Pink Floyd, there was simply no reason for the band to carry on (other than the money, that is).  Guitarist David Gilmour, as he showed previously on two decent but hardly vital solo albums, is a good  singer and a fine guitarist--but only a mediocre songwriter.  Waters's  vision is missed by his former bandmates in so many ways that it is  difficult to fathom.  For example, give a listen to the turgid &quot;Dogs  of War&quot; and compare it to anything on the masterpiece album  &quot;Animals.&quot;  Enough said.
0345404475|4.0|You flock of PKD sheep.You want a review? Well listen up.Here's a novel idea old Phil may have approved of-try letting PKD virgins think for themselves and decide on their own the individual merits of each book.Rather then lead them by the kiwis to your asinine opinions and  interpretations on just what in the universe he was trying to impart.That  said,I think DADOES is a perfect intro to PKD's works.Oh,and something  else.Comparing Blade Runner to the source is an excercise in stupidity,at  least for the reasons mainly given.Keep the comparisons in their respective  mediums.Compare the book with other books and the movie with other sci-fi  movies.I mean every body knows movies rarely live up to the books.I think  the book,like most PKD,is far superior than other attempts in the sci-fi  genre,in fact he transcends it.Yet in the same vein,Blade Runner is a  dark,moody beautifully complex and adult film,at least as far as most  Hollywood sci-fi fodder goes.Come on,Hollywood generally throws in some  cute muppets,a plot fit for the Care Bears or G.I.Joe, and they've got  themselves a sci-fi movie.It's not even a question of which is better or  worse.I don't think the movie is either better or worse, just different.And  getting caught up in the pros and cons is plain pointless,and may cause you  or someone who buys into you to miss just what a unique film BR actually  is.I read the book when i was a teenager and I was literally chilled by  it's tale of a man ordered to hunt and kill machines and in so doing is  exposed for what he is- a &quot;person&quot; who really is more soulless  and machinelike than the humanoids he's supposed to murder.When I saw the  movie I was equally amazed.But don't take my word for it,especially those  who are new to PKD's world,excercise your right to free thought and decide  for yourselves.Don't listen to the fascist critics.
B000002UA2|2.0|The soundtrack for an EXTREMELY obscure European art film, &quot;Obscurred by Clouds&quot; has a few interesting songs on it, of which &quot;Free Four&quot; is probably the best.  The is none of the artistry or vision  that Floyd would command later on in their career.  Recommended for die  hard fans only.
B000023X9W|4.0|SILVER &amp; GOLD is a quiet little gem, easily in the top 25% of Young's distinguished output.  I guess it most closely resembles HARVEST MOON, but it is better than that (and it's better than HARVEST too).  While I still  slightly prefer the hard rockin' Neil of RAGGED GLORY, FREEDOM, or  TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT to the acoustic stuff, Young would be a major force in  rock even if he had never picked up an electric guitar.  This collection is  soothing without being overly sentimental.  There is great charm in the  simplicity of these songs.  Young makes it seem so easy, but, given the  general state of music today, this is not the case.      <br />I love Neil  Young and hope that he keeps on making great music until he's 80+, but I  can't help but feel sad that there aren't any young whipper snappers around  making music anything like this.  Is it that the genetic pool of good song  writers has dried up, that all the good songs have already been written, or  is it that younger musicians (40 on down) are too intent on noodling around  with electronics?  Perhaps the talent-that-should-be is lazy or  complacently middle class.  Where are the Dylans, Lennons, Costellos--and  Neil Youngs--of today?  I certainly don't know.  Maybe they're working for  Microsoft.<br />I don't mean to wax nostalgic, but I would have more hope for  rock and roll if someone younger (no pun intended) could write even one  song like &quot;Razor Love,&quot; &quot;Buffalo Springfield Again,&quot; or  &quot;The Great Divide.&quot;  If there IS someone like that, someone under  40, I would like to know about him/her.  In a few years, as he is pushing  60, I expect Young to don his electric guitar and show us, once again, how  it's done in a loud mode.  Maybe the rock renaissance we so desperately  need will have begun by then.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Because it essentially contains only three songs, &quot;Animals&quot; is not as popular as the other albums from Pink Floyd's heyday.  But it is a classic almost on par with &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; and &quot;The  Wall.&quot;  The lengthy instrumentals are never boring and the dark,  cynical lyrics by Roger Waters achieve a kind of demented poetry.  Downcast  music simply doesn't get any better than this.
630420065X|5.0|This is the best action movie ever and it has great actors and it has great acting and special effects.  It has a great plot that keeps you on the edge of your seat!  I hope Mission Impossible 2 is as good.
B000002C1V|3.0|This is not a Pink Floyd album.  David Gilmour sings on only one track.  Keyboardist Richard Wright is gone altogether.  And the now-overbearing Roger Watters completely dominates the proceedings.  This doesn't mean  there aren't some good songs here.  But much of the topical concerns of the  early 1980s (especially the Falkland Islands war stuff) sound dated and  trite today.  Too bad this serves as the last Watters collaberation with  the rest of the Pink Floyd.  They work much better together than  seperately.
B000002OAZ|4.0|This is album/CD for white kids who think that they might want to listen to some real blues.  Wolf is pretty good but sounds aged.  Eric Clapton, is his usual, well, overrated self playing a whiny style riff that lacks  power.  (However, in all fairness, this is, in my opinion, Clapton's second  best recording ever.  See John Mayall's Blues Breakers.)  It is apparent  from the recording that the backing musicians know they are in the presence  of a great blues man and strive to be worthy.  For the most part, they turn  in a suitable performance.  The one real gem on this record is the outtake  on Little Red Rooster. If you want an intro to da blooz, this is a good  starter.  Then, go get the real stuff.  Get Wolf's original recordings with  a real blues guitarist, Hubert Sumlin.
B0000025ZF|1.0|This album was one of the greatest disappointments for me ever as a rock fan.  Pink Floyd was my favorite group when this came out--and landed with a huge thud.  There is simply not a single decent song, melody or  interesting lyric on the whole album.  The album allegedly tells the tales  of some hippies who moved to the countryside.  Excuse me, but this was in  1984, who cared about hippies anymore?  Eric Clapton must have been short  on cash the week he agreed to apprear on this farce.  Stay away, far away,  from this total musical mistake.
0767819462|5.0|This is yet another good film about a difficult subject: relationships. We all have them, or try to have them. Outside our own range of experience, we can only guess at some of the things that are going on. You may be thinking  about getting a divorce, you may be flirting with the idea of a separation,  but until you get in there and do it and live it, you really have no idea  what it's all about. Is it possible that films like \\"Stepmom\\" can help us  make wiser decisions? Wouldn't it be nice.<br />Both Susan Sarandon and Julia  Roberts give tremendous performances in this film about the end of the  beginning of something new. That it might turn out to include everyone  involved, for a while, leads to both a delightful discovery and a poignant  counterpoint to the original breakdown. This is a film in which everyone  concerned is asked to move forward, whatever their ages. It just may be  that we the audience, are also moved forward a tad, at the same time.  Excellent cinema.
B000002U8G|4.0|This is the best pre-&quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; Pink Floyd album and the only one that does not sound horribly dated.  The musical ideas that would fuel the master work &quot;Dark Side&quot; were already being  toyed with here.  Especially on the side-long &quot;Echoes,&quot; which is  draggy at times but concludes on a high point of sound and energy.  The  rest isn't too bad either.  Floyd was a fully functioning four piece band  at this stage (rather than a Roger Watters dominated group) and the singing  and songwriting reflect that.  Overall, a very good album that only hints  at what was to come.
B000002KLZ|5.0|All the tracks are awesome, especially Sara! If you are Fleetwood Mac fan this is a great cd to get!  Buy it and you'll love it!
B000002U82|5.0|The 70s were (arguably) the best decade for rock'n'roll and &quot;Dark Side&quot; is (arguably) the best album of that period.  Certainly it had the longest Billboard chart streak (over 15 years!).  An unlikely success  story, &quot;Dark Side&quot; is a synthesized concept album about death by  a band that had made little impact in the U.S. before the album's release.  It is a masterwok of songwriting and perfection of the craft.  The  background voices and noises are perfectly placed to enhance the album's  mood.  There simply is not a bad song in the mix, though &quot;Money,&quot;  and &quot;Time,&quot; stand out in particular.  A must have for any classic  rock fan.
0679746048|4.0|This book, Girl Interrupted, can be classified many different ways. For the person who wants insight into a person's true-life account of their two-year stay in a mental institution it is a gem. This is what was I was looking for. This was a detailed, well-written book that gave me a  different side of writing skills. I want to share why this book was so  good.  I would give this book four stars. It was good and I couldn't  put it down. The only reason for my deduction of a star was because it  wasn't really about the mental institution. It was about why she got there,  and what she was doing that classified her as crazy. This book gave me a  glimpse of what it was like in the 1960's to be 18 and in Mclean Mental  Hospital. The descriptions were vivid and real. Another aspect of this book  was Susanna's peers in the hospital. They formed bonds which were strange  yet somehow moving. They had to go through the same experience, which made  them close. The clarity of the writing made you really think about your  mind and what goes on inside it.  This book has given me a craving to find  more books about true-life experiences. I hope I can find more books about  people who experience life altering changes because it makes you think  about your own life. This book has shown me different signs of myself and I  hope that I can find more books as good as this one.
B000006TRV|5.0|&quot;The Wall&quot; might not be the perfect album, it is a bit too long, the narrative doesn't completely hold up, it can be gimmicky, etc.  But it is also a triumph of ambitious songwriting.  Roger Watters (by this time,  Floyd's creative driving force) was trying to articulate his feelings  regarding his father's wartime death, bandmate Syd Barret's drug-induced  madness and his alienation from his own audience.  On all three points, he  succeeds brilliantly.  &quot;Another Brick in the Wall, Part Two,&quot;  Pink Floyd's only chart-topping song, is one of the most misunderstood hits  of all time.  Not perfect, but a masterpiece nonetheless.
B000002L61|5.0|THE BAND: Ronnie James Dio (vocals, keyboards), Vivian Campbell (guitars), Jimmy Bain (bass), Vinnie Appice (drums & percussion), Claude Schnell (keyboards).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1984) 9 songs clocking in at approximately 42 minutes. Recorded at Caribou Ranch, Colorado. Included with the disc is a 6-page booklet containing song titles/credits/times, band performers and black & white photos. Label - Warner Bros.<br /><br />COMMENTS: This is Dio's 2nd solo album... and his 2nd best solo album - right after the prior year's \\"Holy Diver\\" (1983). Branching out on his own (having just finished stints with Rainbow and Black Sabbath), Dio was on top of the heavy metal world in the early/mid 1980's. Great song writing and themes, heavy guitars with masterful singing, talented and accomplished band members backing him up, great albums covers... quite simply, Dio defined METAL. \\"The Last In Line\\" has 5 all-time classic songs... \\"We Rock\\", the title track, \\"Mystery\\", \\"One Night In The City\\", and the nearly 7 minute \\"Egypt (The Chains Are On)\\". The other 4 tracks are standard Dio-fare. Dee Snyder (from Twisted Sister and his radio show \\"The House Of Hair\\") raves about this album. \\"The Last In Line\\" is a classic. An easy 5-star review.
B0000026NC|1.0|Pink Floyd has suffered one of the most ignoble declines of any classic rock band.  Without Roger Watters in the fold, there is simply no point (other than making money).  That is brought home in spades on this  lifeless, turgid concert album documenting their 1987 &quot;comeback&quot;  tour.  The new songs don't measure up to the classics and the classics were  much better the first time around.  A sorry fate for a once-great band.
0767849493|5.0|Controversial? No. I consider myself &quot;fundamentalist&quot; when it comes to my Christian beliefs, and I thought theologically that this movie was dead on the money. I could have done without some of the harsh  language... but hey you can't have everything now can you? I'd like to  think of this movie as a &quot;thinking man's faith test.&quot; Kevin  really does a wonderful job of challenging you to re-examine exactly what  and why you believe what you do. Does it matter that Jesus was black or  white? No. Does it matter that God is a man or a woman? No. Does salvation,  repentence and forgiveness matter? Yes.<br />For everyone that's getting lit  up over this film, and bashing it for no reason. Just take a moment to put  the kids to bed, pop it in the VCR and approach it with an open mind. When  it's done you'll have either a greater understanding of what your faith  really means to you or you'll just be out five bucks and 128 minutes of  your time.
0553565915|5.0|The book comforted not only me, but others, following the death of my 10 year old son.  I did not question where he went after his death because I knew, this only confirmed it.  I have also given copies of this book to  parents whom I have talked with following the death of their child.  It is  a highly recommended book in our support group as well.  Through Betty  Eadie's experiences I have changed how I interact and view others.  This  has made me a more caring and compassionate individual.
B00003CX59|5.0|This is the best Horror movie I have ever seen in my life! Johnny Depp is a wonderful actor, he was perfect for this movie!
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam keeps improving while maintaining an incredible mix of rocking songs with beautiful slow songs and experimental gems.  Ten was PJ's best Grunge album, but their later albums (No Code, Yield and Vitalogy) really  bring the band up to a much higher level.  &quot;In-hiding&quot; on Yield  is exceptional.  On the harder driving tunes, the guitars are exemplary and  raging.  Pearl Jam carries Rock and Roll here in the '90's and like other  talented musicians (Beatles, REM, Who, Pavement, Eric Clapton, et al.),  they aren't stuck in one groove and aren't afraid to experiment...
6304779356|3.0|THE LOST BOYS    (USA - 1987)    Aspect ratio: 2.39:1 (Panavision)  Theatrical soundtrack: 6-track Dolby Stereo    Joel Schumacher's teenage horror movie attempts to have its cake and eat it. There's plenty of thrills, but the dramatic narrative is constantly undercut by lame attempts at humor. Jason Patric is  the eye-candy hero who moves to Santa Carla, California, with his family and is immediately recruited by Kiefer Sutherland's band of predatory vampires.     Michael Chapman's location photography is stunning and Schumacher builds plot and characters with effortless grace, but Corey Haim's witless comic relief (as the beleaguered younger brother) is a constant irritation, and the introduction of the 'Frog brothers' (Corey Feldman and Jamison Newlander) - the teenage proprietors of a comic book store who also moonlight as vampire hunters (!) - will cheapen the entire film for a sizable proportion of the audience. Still, Dianne Wiest, Edward Herrmann and Barnard Hughes provide value for money as the token grown-ups, and Bo Welch's production design emphasizes the film's modern Gothic ambitions.    Followed by a belated DTV sequel, LOST BOYS: THE TRIBE (2008).
B00000IQC8|5.0|Financed largely by credit cards and money borrowed on good will from his family and close friends, \\"Clerks\\" was a surprise hit for independent filmmaker Kevin Smith in 1994, winning the Young Cinema Award at the Sundance Film Festival and later that year a Filmmakers Trophy at Cannes.  It would eventually spawn an animated series that only aired two episodes (a DVD that was released included all six episodes that were made, along with several special features for the most devoted fans).  On a budget barely tipping the scale at $27,000, the film grossed $3.1 million in the states and Smith created a cult classic, earning a devoted fan base that would analyze, collect and quote his films for years to come.<br /><br />The story is based loosely on Smith himself, the movie filmed at QuickStop Groceries in Red Bank, NJ (the same convenience store at which he was employed at the time).  Because he was only allowed to film outside of business hours, the plot included a \\"shoe polish\\" scenario (which manufactured a brilliant recurring joke throughout the film) to explain the perpetually closed shutters.<br /><br />Smith's alter ego is Dante Hicks (O'Halloran), a store clerk for QuickStop Groceries who gets called in on his day off after the employee assigned to the shift phones in sick.  He proceeds to spend the entire day kvetching with his friend Randall (Anderson), the clerk of a video store adjoined to QuickStop, pining over ex-girlfriend Caitlin Bree (Spoonhauer) while placating his current squeeze Veronica (Ghigliotti).  In between monologues on Star Wars, sex and various other wild and random topics, Randall and Dante attend - and sabotage - a funeral, play hockey on the roof, watch hermaphroditic porn and discover a dead guy in their employee bathroom.  As his day transforms from bad to worse, Dante continuously and contemptuously yells, \\"I'm not even supposed to be here today!\\"<br /><br />The script is the film's strongest point - it's obvious that a lot of Smith's cast is pretty green and he cut corners by placing his actors in multiple roles as the many quirky personalities that happen upon the QuickStop throughout the day.  O'Halloran is the least stiff, making Dante a mewling but memorable character.  Anderson is meager but nevertheless entertaining as Randall - most of the time he sounds as if he's reading off of cue cards.  Spoonhauer and Ghigliotti are fair, whilst Mewes probably improvised most of his dialogue (not to mention being incredibly shy; the guy has the most loud and obnoxious role and he got really nervous when he and Smith had to dance).  Smith plays a part as well as Silent Bob to Mewes's Jay, two miscreants who hang out in front of the QuickStop from dawn to dusk and smoke pot, sell pot, yell salacious comments towards women, dance to a boombox and generally amuse themselves by harassing not only customers but also Randall and Dante themselves (by the way, it's Jay that does most of this - Silent Bob says little and dances well).<br /><br />The Miramax Collector's Series DVD has some fairly good bonus material, including deleted scenes (with introductions by Kevin Smith) and an alternate ending that will have people either raising an eyebrow, dropping their jaw or just laughing out loud at the absurdity of it all.  Also included is a music video by Soul Asylum that has lead singer Dave Pirner making a cameo but Jay and Silent Bob pantomiming the song (this song plays during the end credits).  Audio commentary from Kevin Smith and cast/crew and a theatrical trailer round out the rest.<br /><br />If you're looking to start a Kevin Smith anthology of your own, \\"Clerks\\" is a good start.  Your next best bet is his magnum opus thus far: \\"Chasing Amy\\" (and buy the Criterion Collection DVD - the bonus material is well worth the price for Smith fans).en and he cut corners by placing his actors in multiple roles as the many quirky personalities that happen upon the QuickStop throughout the day.  O'Halloran is the least stiff, making Dante a mewling but memorable character.  Anderson is meager but nevertheless entertaining as Randall - most of the time he sounds as if he's reading off of cue cards.  Spoonhauer and Ghigliotti are fair, whilst Mewes probably improvised most of his dialogue (not to mention being incredibly shy; the guy has the most loud and obnoxious role and he got really nervous when he and Smith had to dance).  Smith plays a part as well as Silent Bob to Mewes's Jay, two miscreants who hang out in front of the QuickStop from dawn to dusk and smoke pot, sell pot, yell salacious comments towards women, dance to a boombox and generally amuse themselves by harassing not only customers but also Randall and Dante themselves (by the way, it's Jay that does most of this - Silent Bob says little and dances well).    The Miramax Collector's Series DVD has some fairly good bonus material, including deleted scenes (with introductions by Kevin Smith) and an alternate ending that will have people either raising an eyebrow, dropping their jaw or just laughing out loud at the absurdity of it all.  Also included is a music video by Soul Asylum that has lead singer Dave Pirner making a cameo but Jay and Silent Bob pantomiming the song (this song plays during the end credits).  Audio commentary from Kevin Smith and cast/crew and a theatrical trailer round out the rest.    If you're looking to start a Kevin Smith anthology of your own, \\"Clerks\\" is a good start.  Your next best bet is his magnum opus thus far: \\"Chasing Amy\\" (and buy the Criterion Collection DVD - the bonus material is well worth the price for Smith fans).
B00003CWL5|2.0|Regardless of how good the actors are -- and yes, they are excellent -- AmBeauty is not for everyone. In my opinion, the Oscars belonged to The Insider ...<br />YOU'LL LIKE THIS MOVIE IF:  If you just love it whenever the  media probes into the dysfunctional aspects of American suburban life. If  you buy the premise that in order to attain true freedom, one must travel  the roads of rebellion, of irresponsibility, and of destruction. (Hey, if  you buy that, here's a karmic insight: Hollywood and TV gonna make lotsa $  off of you!)<br />YOU WON'T LIKE THIS MOVIE IF:  If you can't stand a creepy,  disturbing, depressing showcase of moral decay, middle-America style. If  you are a rock-ribbed, apple pie,  conservative right-winger who believes  in white picket fences (in which case, you'd better watch Leave It To  Beaver instead.)
B00000JPH6|5.0|I've loved this film ever since I was a kid, and I still enjoy it now, even though I'm in my twenties. This has to be one of Jim Henson's greatest children's movies of his career. It incorporates adult themes into a  language that children can easily understand and its dark ambience conveys  the seriousness of the story and the mood in which it should be viewed. The  puppets and animatronics were done very well for its time, and those  puppets are probably sitting now in his creature shop, part of a vast  museum of his wonderful creativity. The story focuses on the relentless  battle between good and evil and the unlikely hero that will save the world  from its darkest demons. There's a wonderfully gifted cast of voices for  the Skeksies and the Mystics, and the score is moving and befitting to the  story. Anyone who likes the Muppets will love this flick, even if you're a  grown-up. It'll bring out the kid in you, but it won't make you feel  childish!
630305904X|4.0|This seems like a movie you'd either love or hate. I'd never watch it with my boyfriend because he'd either say, &quot;Nothing is happening...&quot; or &quot;Wait- Why's he a *girl* now...?&quot;  I found this movie  incredibly thought provoking and haunting really- to think of all of the  life lessons and challenges you could learn if you had 400 years to  experience- To be a man and then suddenly be a woman and realize all of the  rights that you had as a man that you took for granted.   &quot;Orlando&quot; and &quot;Like Water for Chocolate&quot; are still the  only two movies I've rewound immediately after watching them so I could  watch it again and see what else I could &quot;get&quot; a second time  around.  If you liked &quot;Elizabeth&quot; and loved the costumes and the  progress of gender issues throughout history, give it a shot.
B000003BF1|4.0|To compare the Stones to the Beatles is like comparing Picasso to Warhol. Actually, I'm giving the Stones too much credit, because Warhol actually was quite creative. The Stones, while a great white blues band, were never  as creative as their counterparts from Liverpool, and didn't create the  interesting sounds and varied music that the moptops did. Moreover, after  Exile on Main Street, the songs recycled and became very tedious and  boring.<br />That said, Let It Bleed is excellent. It's my favorite Stones  recording, with some great tracks on it. I would hesitate to call it  &quot;classic,&quot; though it is very good. It's no work of art like  Pepper, Abbey Road, Revolver and Rubber Soul.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is a very moving book.  It is about a Morrie a college professor who is diagnosed with ALA.  One of his old students Mich comes back to spend every Tuesday with Morrie in his last days.  I had to  read the book in a class for school and I thought the book was very good.   I thought the book was very touching.  Morrie seemed to have good insight  into life and death.  Morrie knew how important life was but also how to  deal with death.  Anyone could use the advice that Morrie gave Mitch.  It  is a lesson any person could use.  I read the book fast it was one of thoes  books you can put down.    I know what it is like to watch some one you  love die.  This book really touched a cord in my heart.  Mitch and Morrie  had such a good relationship.  Morrie makes you think more about life and  death.  He makes you realize that we do not know how much time we have left  and we should life our lives to the fullest while we still can.  He also  makes you see how<br />important having friends and family around you is.     I believe that more people should read this book it can teach you some  important lessons.  I really enjoyed the book and I recommend it to others.   I is sad and funny and touching all at the same time.  I have recommended  the book to many of my friends.  I hope that when I go to college that I  have a professor like Morrie.  This book can open your eyes to life.  I  believe that more people should learn to live like Morrie did.
0802130208|5.0|...This book means a great deal to me, and every time I read it, I find something new. Hilarious and raunchy, this is one novel you wouldn't expect to find respectable Southern matrons clasping to their bosoms (of course, respectable Southern matrons can be very surprising). Ignatius pretty much speaks for anybody chained to their birthplace and longing for exotic adventure or bygone days in faraway places (North Africa or elsewhere). The best thing is how Toole manages to bring the world outside into the usually provincial world of Southern literature. For example, when I was eleven I knew what a \\"Mau-Mau\\" was, the identity of Norman Mailer, and the author of \\"The Consolation of Philosophy.\\" This book is not only a howler, it's an EDUCATION, and without question the best book ever written about New Orleans (especially if your family, rather than being of pureblood Cajun or Creole stock, is one of those great Irish-German families that are responsible for New Orleans' \\"reminiscent-of-Hoboken\\" accent).
B00000272N|5.0|This is a pretty good album, but I expected it to be a lot better.  The only song I really knew that well was &quot;Man in the Box&quot;, and I love that song, but nothing else on here is near that good.  None of the  songs are bad, but some of them are, well, kind of boring.  I have only  listened to it once, however, and it is possible that I will like it better  with time.  This is the only AIC album I have, so I can't accurately  compare it to their other albums, but I have the feeling that  &quot;Dirt&quot; may be better.  I am a pretty big fan of AIC and I was all  ready to love the heck out of this album, so I am disappointed that I  didn't like it any more than I did.  It gets five stars because, like I  said, it may grow on me, and because &quot;Man in the Box&quot; is such an  awesome song.  Too bad they're not all that good, then you'd really have  something.  Anyway, this album is good, but it's far from the best.
0380788624|4.0|Loved this book.  As a person who is surrounded by the start up dot com companies and the gold rush fever of the Bay Area I understand much of the computer industry he speaks about.  Also I loved that this book was long  and drawn out.  The plot development I think is Stephenson's strong point  and, is one of my primary reason for liking his books.(sometimes I wish the  book would not end )<br />My only complaint are his endings.  They seem very  anti-climatic and lacking flare.  It bothers me enough to write something  about it but, not to dissuade someone from reading any of his books.  The  gains far outwiegh the negatives on this one.<br />As other reviewers had  mentioned earlier, don't let the crypto and math scare you.  I am the most  unanalytical person in the world.  When I got to a  couple of sections  where he went into Crypto or anything with math, I kept the faith read a  few pages and, like a shot it was over before I knew it.<br />Overall best  book I have read this year.
B000003N89|5.0|Wow!  What a great voice, and piano style.  I have been a jazz fan for many years.  I also play piano.  I have Clavinova model 98, that is fantastic to play.  Diana Krall is probably( in my humble opinion) one of  the finest to come along in several decades.  If you don't believe me, ask  Dave Mckenna.  He is another winner.  She will be with us for quite a  spell.  I first saw her at the Newport Jazz festival his year(onTV). I am  definitely a fan of Diana Krall.  Would love to see her come to the  Jacksonville Jazz festival soon.
B000002MM8|5.0|I purchased this CD out of curiousity, and fell in utter love with it - then I came to Amazon and found that it is one of their lower ranked albums by the populous.  But even still, this is an amazing album.  I give it an  enthusiastic five stars.<br />I cannot wait to delve deeper into the  phenomenon known as Dead Can Dance.  I haven't heard music as good as this  since Loreena Mckennitt.<br />Amazing.
0800141709|5.0|For a long time, I didn't really understand this movie. The plot is pretty straightforward: a mad Air Force general orders a nuclear attack on the Soviet Union, and the two countries have to stop the attack before it sets  off the dreaded Doomsday Machine. Just as it looks as though the day has  been won, suddenly...ah, but we can't reveal the ending for those of you  who haven't seen it.<br />And yet, buried underneath this Cold War suspense  plot, there is one of the darkest, sexually tinged black comedies ever  made. It was the &quot;buried underneath&quot; part that confused me.  But  my curiosity about the film led me to the public library, where I checked  out a book that would open my eyes to the &quot;meaning&quot; of Kubrick's  works, and help me to &quot;understand&quot; movies in general:  &quot;Stanley Kubrick Directs&quot; by Alexander Walker. I read the essays  presented in this fascinating book, and I puzzled over the author's  discovery of sexual metaphors buried within nearly every frame of Dr.  Strangelove. &quot;Sex! Sex! Sex!&quot; the movie screams -- according to  the book. Sex in the form of the mad general who is impotent, and strikes  back against the world, finally killing himself when he cannot achieve his  orgasm. Sex in the form of Dr. Strangelove himself, who is so excited with  the idea that his mad plan is going to be implemented that he loses control  of his own body, starts jerking his arm in phallic &quot;Seig Heil&quot;  motions, and gets out of his own chair and walks &quot;erect!&quot; And sex  all over the place, from Buck Turgidson's secretary to Colonel Bat Guano  and his obsession with &quot;deviated preverts&quot; and nuclear bombs with  &quot;Hi There!&quot; and &quot;Dear John&quot; written on them.<br />Reading  this interpretation of the movie encouraged me to turn opn the VCR and  watch Dr. Strangelove once again...and the movie did indeed begin to fall  into place. I could see where the author was coming from, though much of it  seemed confusing to me...until one crucial moment, when the nuclear attack  has been called off (or so everyone thinks), and General Turgidson calls  out for everyone to bow their heads and utter a (kypocritical) prayer of  thanks. Suddenly, as the heads of state are saying their prayers, we see  Dr. Strangelove sitting far away, in a corner, shrouded in light from the  screens so that his image is little more than a silhouette. But despite the  fact that we can barely see him, we can practically *feel* his emotions:  disappointment, or possibly even anger. This man had actually WANTED the  world to end, and when it did not occur he was disappointed, or frustrated,  or even furious.<br />And with that single shot, that single moment, the  meaning of Dr. Strangelove suddenly clicked into place for me.<br />Ever since  then, I've looked upon Stanley Kubrick's films with a different eye -- and,  I hope, upon movies in general...or indeed, upon our society in general.  For I now believe that there is indeed a hidden, subliminal  &quot;language&quot; of interpretation that exists, if we know where to  look for it. And I have Stanley Kubrick and DR. STRANGELOVE to thank for  opening my eyes.  This unforgettable nightmare comedy of nuclear  Armegeddon, hysteria, and sexual innuendoes seems to get better with each  passing year. The Cold War may be over, but the nightmare of nuclear  holocaust hasn't ended, and indeed the slow collapse of the  military-industrial complex only seems to make nuclear disaster of some  sort more inevitable over time. (The possibility of nuclear terrorism,  environmental disaster of some sort, or nuclear war between unstable powers  such as India and Pakistan is currently growing at a frightening rate.)  Kubrick had the audacity to show us what a sick joke the whole prospect of  the arms race is, and even today a frightening number of people fail to get  the punchline. I find myself returning to this movie time and again, when  I'm despondent and feel like laughing at what a sick joke the world can be.espondent and feel like laughing at what a sick joke the world can be.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is probably one of the best sci-fi movies of all times.  And watching it in DVD makes it even better!  The documentaries and making of the movie are a great plus in this DVD edition.  The only complain I have is that it  only comes in widescreen format.  It would have been great if we had a  choice of widescreen or fullscreen, like in other DVDs.
B000002NJS|5.0|&quot;RAY OF LIGHT&quot; IS THE BEST ALBUM TO COME OUT OF 1999 IT IS FILLED WITH POWERHOUSE BALLADS FAST GROOVE DANCE HITS AND MADONNAS' WONDERFULLY SEXY VOCALS SHE HAS NEVER BEEN BETTER I CANT WAIT FOR HER NEW  ALBUM
B000002WPI|5.0|this album is just too sweet...where else can you find so many accomplished artists on one album?and all in the same group...i also recommend the solo albums by each artist(method man,redman,ol dirty  bastard.)
0671004611|5.0|I bought this book for 'fun' reading for my Star Trek loving husband. I began to read it and WOW. I will never look at the sky the same again. To think, I was the biggest skeptic on the earth. I place those R&amp;D  engineers and what he is saying is true. I never dreamed it began in  ROSWELL.
6305538018|5.0|This is a wonderful flick and it shows how you can cover virtually the same thematic terrain as a mega-expensive blockbuster (i.e. The Matrix) and do it with a sensible budget, almost no special effects, a contemplative  script and  still provoke and entertain.  While it is deliberately paced  (read SLOW for some impatient viewers not familiar with Cronenberg's  style)it is nonetheless a worthwhile investment of time and thought.  I  liked it much better than Matrix, and I'm not exactly a Cronenberg fan.  It  should be seen a few times to really take in the complex layering of  realities.  If you like your sci-fi with a strong dose of intelligence,  give ExistenZ a shot.
B000003CMB|5.0|Oh God if I were only five years older perhaps I could have seen these guys live during their peak. Perhaps even at a show much like this. If I had a nickel for everytime I've thought that while listening to this album  I would buy Amazon and make you all call me Daddy.    Yes it's an over  worked statment but yes this is the definitive live recording from an era  when rock music was the best it will most likely ever be. As great as this  band currently is and they still prove it on the road, they were their best  with Duane Allman calling the shots. They were so young and so good and so  oblivious to the fact that it would almost crash with Duane and never see  the light of day again.    That is not the case thankfully. They are still  a great band but here is where they shine the brightest.
B00004TDTO|4.0|So Mr. Spielberg has finally finished drying his tears after the collossal failure of DIVX. He wants to make it up to us by offering up this DVD (among others, like MIB). If anyone out there has seen the JAWS Signature  Collection LD, you've seen this DVD. OOOH! A screensaver! After all of  these years you'd think he could find a couple of hours to do a commentary  track. I guess I'm still angry about DIVX. What a shameful proposition.  Charge the American public over and over again for proporty they already  own, lie to them consistantly regarding the quality (single-layer only)of  the players and the validity of the format. There are now thousands and  thousands of people that got scammed into buying low-grade equipment and  discs that are now coasters. In any event, I'm sure the Jaws DVD will be  just as good as the LD set, which is pretty good. One thing to think about  though, you can get the LD set for $10.00-$15.00 on EBAY, and it comes with  a book and CD, but sorry no screensaver.
B000002KDW|5.0|Sure they are out of tune half the time. Probably a little drunktoo. Whatever it takes I say in this case. This is just good ol'swagger. . . rock and roll. It appears they are having the time of their young lives and we get to reap the benefit. Most of those in attendance here went on to bigger higher paying gigs with bigger higher paid bands. I doubt if any of them care to forget these days. My only knock is a fairly bad cover of Chuck Berry's Memphis.
B00003CWOL|3.0|Plot is cute.. two angels, need to go back to heaven.. they'll be destorying mankind in the process. A fantasy. The readers of &quot;Fool On The Hill&quot; would find some similarity to the movie's character - it's a  well entertaining story, a few comic lines (not ones that would make you  fall to the ground holding your about-to-burst tummy), but you don't really  connect. That's the movie's main problem, in my opinion, lack of  authenticity. However, one may find an interesting theological concept, as  to whether or not the catholic church ruins belief with its harsh policy.  Better rent it. Don't spend your money on it unless you've fallen in love  with it.
B00003CWN3|5.0|The most amazing thing about &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; is not Hilary Swank's amazing performance, or one of the best supporting casts in a recent film, or even Kimberely Peirce's magnificent direction. The most  amazing thing about this movie is the heart-wrenching and tragic story of  Brandon Teena, a confused and troubled soul driven by his dreams to become  the person he thinks he is. As we are drawn into this complex story, we  discover there is a price to pay for realization of our dreams, and sadly,  for Brandon, it was his life. But the true message of &quot;Boys Don't  Cry&quot; lies embedded in the context of the film; no matter how confusing  it can be, we all need to live our lives as we see it. Don't miss this  important film, and for further information, I highly suggest &quot;The  Brandon Teena Story&quot;, also on DVD, as a more factual recount of the  events.<br />The DVD version was very impressive, with excellent sound and  color. I usually purchase DVDs to listen to the &quot;Director's  Commentary&quot; and I found Peirce's comments to be extremely  informational but sparse in some areas, compared with other DVDs I've seen.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is possibly one of the greatest rap cds I own.  I don't think Dr dre can do wrong.  He knows exactly what the public wants and performs.  This cd is great for any music lover, and esp rap lovers.  Dre does it once  again,if you dont have it already GET IT!
0792156684|3.0|I think this movie is a good one, I'd choosen another main actor, but.. well... it's done. The sinking scenes are just excellent made. I could feel the horror of the people. Just imagine all those people with children  knowing they'll die very soon. The movie had good and bad points, but I  think it's a good one when you put all in the balance.
B000002KH3|5.0|In 1978 with a single album, a 21-year-old little snot-nosed nobody punk named Edward Van Halen shook the world of rock guitar along with all of its &quot;conventional wisdoms&quot; and positively buried all of the so-called  &quot;greats&quot; who came before him such as Page, Hendrix, Clapton,  Blackmore, Iommi, etc.  He spawned an entire generation of players who  would not only emulate is two-handed technique but would also arm  themselves with single-pickup, whammy-bar equipped home-build  &quot;Strats.&quot;  No other rock guitarist has ever made such an impact.
6305892946|5.0|For those of you who loved the first &quot;Scream,&quot; have no fear, #3 will rock you. I didn't really like #2, and thought #3 would be horrible, but it was suprisingly good! The plot thickens, a huge back story builds,  and the humor is back. Prepare yourself for finding out why the entire  series has occured. What is the horrible secret of the Prescott family? Buy  the damn movie!
6302581907|5.0|Absolutely fantastic.....The complement of Whoopi Goldberg with Maggie Smith adds to the comedy laughs and sheer enjoyment of this film. Great Fun for everyone!
B00000DFSK|1.0|what happened to the 'lads' i knew so well? with such innocense they penned the songs to 'war','october',etc.  they have become parodies of themselves and have left the path they chose early on to waddle aimlessly  and helplessly down the path to who knows where. with each album i hear a  'cry' from within saying 'release me from my prison' yet no one comes to  let them out. alas, poor bono, i knew him well!
068816689X|5.0|I'm an 18-year old college student in India.My father had been to London recently where he ran into Ms.Angela at Harrods.Although,it was a chance meeting for him,it was a god-sent gift for me.She encouraged him to read a  copy of &quot;The Nazi Officer's Wife&quot; written by her mother,Edith  Hahn Beer.Although I must admit that war novels never interested me  before,I was proven wrong by this one.<br />Once I started reading the book,I  just couldnt put it down.Here is a simple,straightforward account of a  Jewsih woman whose faith in her religion and her strength never let her  down inspite of the horrendous perils that she had to face every minute of  her life during the World War period.When I try to understand the pain in  her heart when she was refused her University Degree,when she had to leave  her Mother for the Asparagus fields,when she had nobody to turn to after  her relationship with her boyfriend was heading no where,when she had to  put on an endless charade amidst the core of the Nazi society,when she had  to rely on God's mercy to keep her Jewish identity a secret,when she had to  work as a maid in London after being an honoured Judge in Germany.....what  can i say,its just unimaginable that this woman managed to survive through  all this on her own.<br />There are so many lessons that this book has taught  me.I can never stop admiring Edith Hahn Beer for her unshakeable faith that  tomorrow is a better day.One of the most beautiful things I found in this  book was the French saying &quot;Life is beautiful and it begins  tomorrow&quot;.It is so true that very few of us bother to realise its  meaning!<br />And of course,how can I forget to mention how moved I was by  this woman's love for her Mother.Her belief that she would be reunited  someday with her Mother,her pangs of grief when &quot;she sent me cake when  she was hungry,mittens when she was cold&quot;...and her resolution to do  the same for her daughter(by trying to provide her the  familywhich she  herself never had around her)....these things go a long way in bringing out  human emotions in their most tender and vulnerable forms.One cannot help  but think inwardly what else one could have done under such terrible  circumstances.<br />No doubt Ms.Beer's decisions were justified in every sense  and they were ably supported by her virtues which we should all aspire to  inculcate.
B000000JO3|4.0|Since this is pretty much the only commerically available Minor Threat CD, you will probably buy it.  This CD is a classic, but they should have cut  it after track 15, the rest is garbage.  The first 15 songs however changed  the face of punk and modern music.  Mackaye is an innovator, always has  been, always will be (SEE FUGAZI), and this CD will knock your block off.  So get ready to step into a world where songs last no longer than 1:30 and  are played at break neck speed with little or no regard for your eardrums.
0451452739|4.0|I thought that the book was excellent.  I gave it four stars for many reasons, which include the suspense, the way the author used his imagination, and for the description.  To start, this book was written a  long time ago.  Man had just walked on the moon, and from there space  exploration had no limits.  Clarke had an image of what he thought the  world would be like thirty years from when he lived.  He saw people living  on the moon and flights that took less than an to dock with a space  station.  It is fun to read how he portrayed what he thought today would be  like.  The second thing is the suspense.  It keeps you reading and you  just can't wait to see what happens.  What is HAL going to do next?  It is  a real \\"on the edge of your seat\\" type book.  I never saw the movie, but I  would recommend seeing it after reading the book.  Finally, the  description of everything.  He describes everything so well.  From going to  the bathroom in space, to what they found on the moon, you get a clear  picture of what is going on in your head.  He uses words very nicely.   I took one star for only one reason.  That was the dragging of the book.   It kind of contributes to the suspense.  It takes so long from one scene to  the next.  There is, I thought, a lot of unneeded information.  Like the  part when he is reading the newspaper on the plane.  Overall, I thought it  was a good book and I recommend it to anyone. 5-9-00
B000002A3T|5.0|When my mother was dying in a hospital in Kansas I took this CD (and other Pink Floyd CDs) with me on the 700 mile drive.  I bring this up for until that time (this was in 1998) I really had not LISTENED to this CD like I  did then.  I had owned this CD since it came out, and put it on as  background music mostly but not truly listened to it.  It really hit home  to me how wonderful it is on that trip.  Songs like &quot;Take It  Back&quot; and my favorite &quot;Coming Back to Life&quot; made the trip  easier.  When I listen to this CD today I remember that drive and how it  made it easier for me.  I remember my mother too, which is a wonderful  thing.  Like all Pink Floyd albums I believe Roger Waters and company were  trying to tell a story, and they pretty much left it up to the listener  what that story was.  I put together my own story as I listened to this CD  on that long drive, and it's a great story indeed!
067942850X|4.0|The author did an excellent job telling the story of Chris McCandless. Although a sad story for Chris's family, who's to say that Chris would have changed anything that he did.  Not that he wanted to die in the Alaska  wilderness but he wanted to live in the Alaska wilderness and that's just  what he did.  I enjoyed this book.  It's a strong reminder regarding the  American lifestyle of materialistic values and the strong desire of some to  resist that life while others pursue it.
0684833395|5.0|&quot;Catch-22&quot; is a work of unquestionable brilliance. That said,  there are many reasons why you may not want to read it. First, if you have  succumbed to the mass-market myth that all good pieces of fiction must have  a contrived, cookie cutter plot, which yanks whatever characters therein  around like chess-pieces, this is not for you. Second, if you have a short  attention span and prefer to read fiction that skims along at reckless  speeds and never dips below the surface of anything, this is also not the  book for you. Finally, if you think that all fiction should be filled with  ridiculous gravity and straight-faced stupidity and don't understand the  concept of satire, this book should be avoided at all cost.<br />If you do not  fall into one of the above categories - READ THIS BOOK! It will be one of  the most delightful experiences of your life. It is a long book and effort  is definitely required to read it, but &quot;Catch-22&quot; rewards ever  ounce of effort. Almost every page is packed with a new, fresh and  challenging scenario, one which tackles the issues Heller deals with head  on. The beauty of Heller's razor sharp wit is that it cuts down the very  heart of the matter, clears away the distortions of emotion and  preconcieved opinion, bringing everything into perfect focus.<br />This is no  normal piece of fiction. Many of the characters are faceless and nameless,  puppets playing their role in Heller's elaborate production. They are  symbols, as are the sometimes fantastic setting and always fantastic  scenarios. That is Heller's point. He had no interest in writing a typical  piece of fiction, the kind that could be easy consumed, digested and  disposed of. This is a book that takes control of you and doesn't let go,  not even after you've put it down. This is a true original, a true work of  art.
6304474652|4.0|I thought the movie was really cute and all, but where oh where is the soundtrack?<br />After all this time, I thought I was the only one looking for it....looks like I'm not the loner I thought I was...
B00003CXBK|5.0|I too have to agree that this film needs to be released w/ both languages and having a release date now till 2001 it's possible. I speak little Japanese but once you get to know the story the feeling is only there when the voices are by Japanese actors. Americans seem to botch it up when  translating and acting out the voices. The art in this film has a serene  feel to it. The story line is great and teaches a little of what man has  done to nature.That and the Bore god is pretty neat.
B000001G16|5.0|Anyone (and I've only seen one) who says this CD is Bon Jovi without Jon, is sadly mistaken!  I think whoever said that needs to get their head examined.  Richie was the reason I initially got into Bon Jovi in the first  place!  He's a gifted guitar player (if he wasn't, Les Paul himself would  not associate with him, much less would Clapton play on this CD) and has a  fabulous voice.  With or without Jon (who I also admire), Richie Sambora is  a class act.  Buy this CD!
B000001OAA|5.0|I've bought this CD as soon as I heard about it. As I was listening to the CD I started paying attention to the lyrics, as i couldn't understand them, I looked them up on the internet and read them. Each song has a meaning in  it, they're very powerful. It's like you want to worship the lyrics because  they're strong, and they stick to ya. If you want to buy this cd, i  reccomend it! Shirley can make anything sound awesome! And if you like  Garbage, check out Korn, Nine Inch Nails and Smashing Pumpkins, because  they're music also has a strong input, too.
0671004107|5.0|Like most of his work, Sagan puts across the sciences and professions of astronomy and astrophysics across for the lay reader with great ability and an obvious feeling for his subject and his readers.  I enjoyed the humanness of his characters, the realities of their work world, and the  science in which they were involved.  I read the book before watching the  video and felt, as I usually do, that the book was better.  One can always  create more side plots and develop to a greater extent the individual  characters in a volume of so many pages, which the reader can set aside at  will and return to as needed.  The director must stick to a central theme  and be constantly mindful of budgetary constraints.  I also thought the  relationship of the heroine with her father was more intense and surprising  in the book than in the movie.
0553571338|3.0|The Giver is a fictional book which takes place in a (location unknown) utopian society.  The main character is Jonas.  Jonas is raised in this society by his father, a nursery worker, and his mother, a Department of justice worker.  At the &quot;Ceremony of 12&quot;, Jonas will be assigned a job, in which he will do for the rest of his life.  When Jonas is passed  by all the known jobs he is told he will be the &quot;receiver&quot;.  His  job is to receive the memories of all that's real, color, sun, snow, love,  war, and death, from the &quot;giver&quot;.  He will eventually replace the  giver and in time pass down his memories to a new receiver.  The people in  the utopian society don't expirience color and other things we do.(..).  The Giver is a great action as well  as mystery book for all ages.  The plot is well written and the characters  are well developed.
0790733226|3.0|I read the book before seeing the film, always a mistake, as the one genre is not like the other.  There are many constraints, primarily budgetary and temporal, to making a film from a book.  By reading it after seeing the  film one is not disappointed by the lacunae left from editing out  &quot;extraneous&quot; material in the interest of brevity, and the written  version allows the reader to enlarge on relationships and side plots.  This  instance was no exception.  Although I enjoyed the characters, and  certainly the actors chosen for the parts were perfect for them, I felt  they were a little &quot;flatter&quot; than in the book despite being real  people.  I also preferred the resolution of the father-daughter situation  in the book to that in the film.  The best feature of the film was the  opportunity to actually see some of the technology and locations of  astronomical research.
B00004STPT|5.0|I have not heard this good of a music score in a movie in years. This is right up there with the best of the best! Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard really did an outstanding job!  Grade:A
0793927501|5.0|This film is full of great things. First the acting is sharp, the directing is good and the background shots are outstanding! Second the script is done very well. Alec Baldwin and Anthony Hopkins give great  performances. I was on the edge of my seat and was trying to guess the next  moves till the very end! Grade:B+
B000002UKS|5.0|I learned about these guys through their latest hit: Learn to Fly. I loved the song, and bought Nothing Left to Lose. I liked it. I had many gift certificates for cd's, so I decided to try another Foo Fighters album. I  was satisfied. My favorite song, Hey Jonny Park, is genius. Great guitar  work, perfect percussion, and wonderful lyrics. I reccommend buying this  album, even if just for that song.
B000002GA8|4.0|Already have this on vinyl. Went out and bought it shortly after seeing the live broadcast on TV, back in the early 70s. Practically wore out the grooves, hope to get the CD so I can start listening to it again. The only  other thing I would like to be able to get ahold of is a video copy of that  broadcast.
6302186161|4.0|Before the 'Lethal Weapon' movies introduced me to the somewhat psychotic loose-cannon police officer Martin Riggs (Mel Gibson), Clint Eastwood stepped into a similar role that made him a cinematic legend. But, unlike  &quot;LW&quot;'s Riggs, Harry Callahan rarely had a partner to help keep  him in check. His methods were severe and uncompromising, and he didn't  want anyone to cramp his style. This box set includes five celluloid  adventures of this legendary character riding roughshod over the criminal  element, and I enjoy almost every moment of it.<br />I was rather surprised at  how many up-and-coming actors guest-starred in these flicks. There was  David Soul of 'Starsky and Hutch' fame, Robert Urich, and a brief  appearance by Suzanne Somers in 'Magnum Force'. Tyne Daly of 'Cagney and  Lacey' was Dirty Harry's partner in 'The Enforcer'. Liam Neeson and Jim  Carrey made the rounds in 'The Dead Pool'. Apparently, there was atime when  being in a Dirty Harry flick was a good thing to have on one's acting  resume.<br />My rankings:<br />My favorite is the original 'Dirty Harry'. Good  pacing, and action. The all-time classic.<br />My second fave: 'Dead Pool'.  Harry starts showing his age, but no less determined to dole out justice  his way.<br />Number three: 'Magnum Force'. Harry vs. his fellow police  officers over their differences concerning 'vigilante justice'. The big  drawback to this one- the movie looks more like a TV episode than a  theatrical release.<br />Number four: 'Sudden Impact'. Too derivative of the  'Death Wish' plots. And of course Sondra Locke's tagging along...<br />Number  five: 'The Enforcer'. The climax at Alcatraz was too far-fetched for me.  That and another 'cannon fodder' partner.<br />I'm waiting for a DVD release  of all of the movies. So far only the first one's been released on this  format. Oh Warner Brothers, why dost thou torture me so?<br />'Late...
B000007S5B|3.0|This is The Doors' first set that is not strong.  After turning in two great LPs, they came back with this, their third and weaker set.  When the organ riff comes on from Hello, I Love You, you know this isn't like the  other two albums.  It was Morrison doing bubble gum lyrics.<br />The rest of  the album is fair (the highlights being Not to Touch the Earth, Unknown  Solider, and Five to One.  Some tracks come across as filler (My Wild Love  and We Could Be So Good Together).  This album's chief problem was the band  itself was starting to self destruct.  Morrison was becoming more and more  an alcoholic.  Morrison sung the album version of Five to One when he was  totally wasted on alcohol.<br />Another chief problem was, unlike the other  two albums that preceded it, it does not have a long track.  The reason  being is Morrison wrote a track called Celebration of the Lizard.  It is  very musically disjointed, but it has his best lyrics.  As I understand it,  they actually recorded it in the studio, but it is lost now.  The band  would not cooperate with him and would not put the track on the LP.  So  Morrison had to go write some more lyrics.  This greatly weakened the  album, because subpar material had to be written to take up the long  absence of Celebration of the Lizard.  A truncated four and a half minute  portion of it is placed on the album (Not to Touch the Earth).  These  lyrics easily rival the best of his other stuff.  Morrison was an artist,  and was a master of connecting strange imagery and tying them together.   But because of his rock star status, some of his artistic notions had to be  sacrificed.  Waiting for the Sun is a commercial album with a bit of  artistry shining through.  Too bad the band would let him put on the full  version . . . then this album would represent Morrison much better.  As it  is, it is a sad album.  The summer of his artistic freedom forsook him on  this album, and the band had the wintertime love of money.    <br />These  problems would be further manifested on The Soft Parade.  There is was not  so much commercial as it was Morrison just got more and more into self  destructing.  But I will save that for another review.
B000000H40|5.0|Murphy is the man. This was only his second album (I believe!) after Death's Spiritual Healing. He makes Allen West look like a bumbling idiot on guitar (which, sadly, he is! I mean look at SFU, and then look at  anything Murphy ever did!). This is, as far as I'm concerned, the only  worthwhile Obituary album. John Tardy's vocals are sick, and the drumming  is fantastic as well. This is a great example of 2nd Generation death metal  (1st generation being Possessed, Slayer, etc.). Obituary should have quit  after this album, because they would have left on top!
6304994540|5.0|This movie is amazing. All the characters in this movie are so bright and different. Every actor should see this movie, it shows some good characterization. John Goodman, Jeff Bridges, Juliane Moore, Steve Buscemi  and John Turturro are especially great. Very memorable characters, lines  and this is just an all around cool, funny movie.
B00000K19E|5.0|Certaily the best sci-fi film of the year. Easily Accessable to non-sci fi fans as well. Neat underlying themes: &quot;There is a difference between knowing the path, and walking the path&quot;. Great religious undertones  and faith exploration. Thought provocing evolutionary themes: Man vs.  Computer. Hugely entertaining! Great action and awesome special effects.  Cinematograpghy was fantastic. Notice the color differentiation in the  different worlds. Pokes at our natural curiousity for the truth. What is  the Matrix? Perhaps the best and easily most fun film of the year.
0783242808|3.0|I HATE teen flicks, but you have to understand something...this was outlandishly raunchy and hilarious. Sickening, disgusting, almost puke out humor. But did I ever laugh! This is a must see. If you don't laugh at this  movie you need to loosen up and take life less seriously. Yes, it is  raunchy as anything ever, probably the most raunchy movie EVER. But some of  the scenes in this film will go down in history.
B000002MY3|5.0|Everyone listened to this CD in 1995, and soon enough it faded from the charts and other acts stepped in to take its place. It's now 5 years later, and I found this dusty CD in the back of a drawer and wondered if it would  still sound fresh and relevant.<br />The answer is yes. A little time away  from Alanis has revealed her talent for hacking through the sometimes  over-produced tracks (thank you Glen Ballard) to sounds like she's singing  honestly and directly to the listener. Her voice is, to put it charitably,  not Charlotte Church's, but she plays up the dissonance in her voice to  good effect. A good example is the slow burn she does on &quot;You Oughta  Know&quot;, where she goes from thinly disguised civility to bitter,  impotent, choke-on-it rage while her vocal chords sound like they're ready  to fracture at any moment.<br />My favorite tracks, though, are the more  introspective ones that were not released as singles, such as &quot;Mary  Jane&quot;, &quot;Not the Doctor&quot;, &quot;Wake Up&quot;, and especially  the unnamed bonus a cappella that I call &quot;If I Lived in Your  Shadow&quot;. While it's generally not a good idea to scribble out lyrics  in 15 minutes (*cough* &quot;Ironic&quot; *cough*), these songs sound more  like diary entries set to music and feel more immediate and personal than  the radio-friendly singles that were released.<br />There isn't a bad song on  this album really, although some do not make the strictest sort of artistic  sense. (And again, I refer you to the lyrics of that pesky  &quot;Ironic&quot;.) There are quite a few gems that you may have missed  the first time around, so it's high time to give this CD a second life on  your turntable.
0767825411|4.0|This is merely a classic comedy, think about it, Dan Aykryod, Bill Murray, Rick Moranis, Annie Potts, Harold Ramis..can you get any better than that? This movie is not only hilarious but also very goofy. It's just a little  goofy comedy. Bill Murray is wonderful as always. Anyone who thinks this is  a &quot;kiddie film&quot; should be punished. The cartoon was made AFTER  the movie poeple!
0425170349|4.0|This was my first Thomas Clancy novel, and it was definitely a commitment to complete 900 or so pages.  Fortunately, that was not a problem.  This novel, though flawed, is still impressive.  It provides a fascinating  glimpse into the world of Special Operations, training, technology and  techniques.  I personally found myself MORE interested in the development  of the biological weaponry, though, possibly because I hadn't read any of  Clancy's other works.  I understand from several of these reviews that this  particular plot device has been heavily recycled from his other efforts.   <br />The themes are skillfully interwoven into the story but the answers are  left up to the reader to ponder, for example: (1)  How does one come to  choose between dedicating one's life to doing good (ie, working to  prevent/cure disease) vs. evil (destroying 99% of the world's human  population)?  How is the decision impacted when the so-called good choice  has negative consequences (further increasing the population) and the evil  has positive ones (saving the planet)?   (2)  Does the end justify the  means?  Is it OK for hunters to kill if they use the meat?  Is it OK for  counter-terrorists if they save lives?  Is it OK for scientists if they  save the animals and the planet? <br />When all was said and done, I enjoyed  the book, but I had the following minor quibbles with the writing: <br />First  of all, certain characters are presented, somewhat developed and then  completely dropped, never to be heard from again.  For example, whatever  happened to Dr. Barbara Archer, Skip Bannister, Kevin MacDonald (President  of the Sierra Club)?<br />Secondly, when some of the good guys are killed off,  they are tangential to the story at best.  In fact, after finishing the  story, I couldn't have even told you their names.<br />Thirdly, the odds are  heavily stacked in favor of the good guys from the beginning and the story  thus fails to generate a great deal of suspense during the terrorist  take-downs.  Although the confrontation at the Olympics was not the climax  of the story, it was a letdown.  The only real question was whether Team-2  would get the necessary information in time, and the alternative was just  not plausible.  <br />Fourthly, the story tries too hard to cover all the  bases, but it just doesn't gel.  The only way a former KGB intelligence  agent like Dmitry Popov could take SOOOOO LONG to figure out the scheme was  if it was so farfetched as to occur only to a madman.  However, the author  takes great pains to point out that John Brightling was NOT a madman, and  that he had legions of people devoted to the same idea.  I had trouble  swallowing these contradictory positions.<br />Finally, the entire  environmental movement was portrayed in a negative light.  Just what is  going to happen to the planet if we don't wake up and start taking care of  it?<br />All-in-all, an engrossing, action-packed read.  Enjoy!
0767836286|4.0|Tim Robbins, Jeff Bridges, Hope Davis and John Cusack all star in this high tense, thrilling, suspense film. Jeff Bridges stars as a teacher who teaches college courses on terrosists. What he doesn't know is that his new  next door neighbor Robbins is just that. Very freaky, it just shows  you...you REALLY don't know who lives next to you. GREAT film. I really  think you all should see it.
B000005RS7|5.0|&quot;Hounds...&quot; was Kate's breakthrough album in the U.S., and earned her her only U.S. Top 40 single with &quot;Running Up That Hill.&quot;  This British version of the album features A and B sides from  a string of 12&quot; vinyl singles that are fairly rare, and sound  exceptional in this package.<br />There are highlights all over the place, but  the song suite &quot;The Ninth Wave&quot; (the original &quot;B&quot; side  for the album) is a conceptual wonder that integrates Rock effectively with  Kate's Irish-folk sensibility.  Of the bonus tracks not originally  available on ANY version of this album, &quot;My Lagan Love&quot; and  &quot;Under The Ivy&quot; are quiet but potent ballads, and &quot;Burning  Bridge&quot; will have you kicking up your heels.<br />This version of  &quot;Hounds...&quot; may not be the thing for casual fans, but it's an  excellent choice for Kate's hardcore following.<br />-Mic
B00003CWOL|5.0|Kevin Smith has always been my favorite filmaker, now I like him even more. Being a Catholic this movie really touched me, a got a lot of out of, including lots of laughs. It was very deep, but also very funny. Kevin  Smith should've won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay, Best Picture,  and Best Director. I love this movie so much. Stars Matt Damon, Ben  Affleck, George Carlin, Linda Forientino, Chris Rock, Alanis Morissette,  Jason Lee, Jason Mewes, Janeane Garofalo, Alan Rickman, Kevin Smith, and  Salma Hayeck. GREAT cast, great film. See this one.
B000000WFU|5.0|Karl Jenkins, Miriam Stockley, and Mary Carewe, the trio that make up Adiemus on their debut release, make magic with this CD.  The opening track &quot;Adiemus&quot; lifts the soul, and it just goes on from there.  &quot;In Calum Fero&quot; is an amazing piece of choral virtuosity,  spanning powerful sections with soft, almost religious-sounding sections  seamlessly.  &quot;Tintinnabulum&quot; starts out slowly, but in the chorus  of its ten minutes and fifty-seven seconds builds up to a rushing climax.  Another high point in this collection is the &quot;Cantus Inaequalis&quot;,  which shows off Miriam's extensive low range, and &quot;Kayama&quot;, which  is similar to &quot;Adiemus&quot;.  Listening to this CD, I can truly say  it is the rhythm of the soul.
B000000OQF|5.0|&quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot; is Guns 'N' Roses at their BEST!  Yes, there IS foul language and blatant sexuality in this album.  On the other hand, this album includes one of their most melodic, and probably one  of their best known songs, &quot;Sweet Child 'O Mine&quot;.  If you're  considering purchasing this album, you'll simply have to decide if you can  live with statements like &quot;You're f****** crazy.&quot; and  &quot;Panties 'round your knees with you're a** in the breeze.&quot;.  If  you can live with the language, then you'll LOVE this album because it is  one AWESOME rocker.  Something I always love about Guns 'N' Roses is they  do not sound like any other band.  Their style is all their own, and Axl  can wail like no other.  This album belongs in ANY melodic hard rock  collection for the serious collector.  It is definitely a classic.  If you  love Guns 'N' Roses and their peers, check out some of your other favorite  bands in the genre.  You may be pleasantly surprised to learn that many of  them have 1999-2000 releases.  Need a memory jog?  Click on over to my home  page on Amazon.  I have most of the bands reviewed or at least mentioned.   Are you ready to rock? :o)
B000001GBJ|4.0|After hearing &quot;Nocturne&quot; on a local classical station I knew I HAD to pick this CD up.  &quot;Nocturne&quot; is such an incredible acheivement, and being a songwriter myself, wish I could write something  half as good.  With Rolf Lovland on piano and Fionnuala Sherry on violin,  the music to this song makes me weep with joy.  Gunnhild Tvinnereim, the  featured vocalist on &quot;Nocturne&quot;, has one of the purest voices I  have ever heard.  The rest of the CD is almost as beautiful, and has the  underpinings of both Norwegian and Celtic culture.  Many times, listening  to this fabulous music, I can picture myself on a cliff overlooking the  wide, expansive Atlantic ocean, and each song brings to mind a different  atmosphere to become part of.
0385484518|1.0|Life's Greatest Lesson seems to be that the person with the most publishing connections and  gets to press first wins the prize.<br />Morrie is a wise and wonderful man.  His only mistake was to share his thoughts with  Mitch.  It continues to amaze me that Mitch has made so much money off  Morrie while Morrie's own book has languished.<br />Read Morrie's own book,  then move on to the philosophers who influenced him.
B00003XB8K|4.0|The Carl Orff composition &quot;O-Fortuna&quot; is the basis and undercurrent of this latest CD by Enigma's Michael Cretu.  This CD is good to listen to as a unit, a symphony if you will.  Trying to break most of it  up into four to six minute songs doesn't work, as they all seem to flow  together in a collage of dance beats and otherworldly textures.  The best  three tracks on the CD are &quot;The Gravity Of Love&quot; &amp;  &quot;Silence Must Be Heard&quot;--both feature the vocals of Olive's  Ruth-Ann--and &quot;Modern Crusaders&quot;, which features Michael Cretu's  own vocals.  The inclusion of the choral work gives this collection of  tunes a dark, ominous feeling, but it works to the advantage, and anyone  into this kind of music should give this CD a listen.
0792844882|5.0|This movie is not as bad as people make it out to be.  The dialog can be a bit stupid but the filming is quite good, and certainly animal lovers will enjoy the many beaver shots.
B000002504|4.0|Gentle Giant was a British progressive rock band that handled a multiplicity of musical styles (from rock and blues to Renaissance madrigals and jazz) and instruments (roughly 30 of them in concert) with  ease. The songs were rhythmically complex, the lyrics rich and intelligent,  vocal harmonies could break into four and five parts, and in concert the  boys would treat fans to guitar quintets, percussion quintets, recorder  quartets, a cello/violin/bass/drums combo, and acoustic guitar duels. That  they toured with Yes, Jethro Tull, and Renaissance gives only a hint of  where their talents lay.<br />The boys issued 12 albums between 1970 and 1980,  roughly in an arc that ascended to this, their fourth album, and remained  at peak level for the next five, descending to a bumpy close with the final  three.  The fervent support of longtime fans and the introduction of new,  young listeners in the late 1990s has prompted the recent issue of tribute  albums, out-take collections, and a number of live recordings.<br />_Octopus_,  well loved by Giant fans, is perhaps a little on the eclectic side for the  newcomer, though it sports the incredible &quot;Advent of Panurge,&quot;  with its blend of smooth keyboards and vocals punctuated by slashing  passages and roaring choruses.  &quot;Raconteur Troubadour&quot; is the  rolling Renaissance cut of the album. The song that inevitably leaps out at  the listener is &quot;Knots&quot; -- a tribute to R.D. Laing's slim volume  of word game/poems, partly sung in four and five parts a capella, and  alternating with playful sections of violin and xylophone. The band  members' notes refer to it as &quot;something of a musical jigsaw.&quot;  Listeners unfamiliar with complex vocal styling may find it weird, but  almost everyone warms to it quickly, especially with the pounding electric  passages.<br />&quot;A Cry for Everyone,&quot; inspired by the existential  philosophy of Camus, is a fairly straight rocker; &quot;The Boys in the  Band&quot; a blistering instrumental dash with the rare break to catch a  breath. &quot;Think of Me With Kindness&quot; offers a tender ballad,  &quot;Dog's Life&quot; a rueful tribute to roadies, and &quot;River&quot; a  contemplative ramble through various musical styles.<br />From almost any  other band, this amazing melange would merit five stars.  But Gentle Giant  was just starting an amazing run of albums that would push the envelope of  musical and vocal innovation, and _In a Glass House_ (sadly unavailable  now, but promised back), _Free Hand_ (more commercial and the best choice  for a newbie), and the astounding double live _Playing the Fool_ have to  rank higher.and&quot; a blistering instrumental dash with the rare break to catch a  breath. &quot;Think of Me With Kindness&quot; offers a tender ballad,  &quot;Dog's Life&quot; a rueful tribute to roadies, and &quot;River&quot; a  contemplative ramble through various musical styles.<br />From almost any  other band, this amazing melange would merit five stars.  But Gentle Giant  was just starting an amazing run of albums that would push the envelope of  musical and vocal innovation, and _In a Glass House_ (sadly unavailable  now, but promised back), _Free Hand_ (more commercial and the best choice  for a newbie), and the astounding double live _Playing the Fool_ have to  rank higher.
B0000025DD|3.0|A collection of nine songs written and performed by Dave Gilmour away from the pressure of a disintegrating Pink Floyd. It is very interesting to note that the guitar and vocals sound rather more like Gilmour on the later  post-Waters Floyd than on the contemporary Floyd albums. Indeed, some of  the melodies and riffs appear in a very similar form on &quot;The Division  Bell&quot;.  There are also one or two parts that are a little reminiscent  of &quot;The Wall&quot;.<br />Having said that, if you buy this album hoping  to hear more music just like Pink Floyd, you will be disappointed. The  album is just simple, relaxed rock. There is nothing ambitious or  adventurous here and for me, that is the main weakness of the  album.<br />Perhaps Gilmour was really trying to find his feet and as such,  this is an interesting work as it carries pointers to his future  direction.<br />I cannot really pick anything out as special, memorable or  even bad. I suppose that the whole thing seems a little bland. Of course,  the technical perfectionist within Gilmour does not permit anything bad and  the whole thing is slickly crafted and well put together but it just  doesn't have that much to say.
0375703764|5.0|As a 16 year old I usually don't read much other than what my highschool makes me. But when I heard about this book, I had to get it. House (blue) of Leaves is definitley a challenge and an amazing work. will be different  from anybook you'll ever read, RECOMMENDED FOR ALL HIGHSCHOOL READING LISTS  as an alternative to Toni Morrison, Shakespeare, Steinbeck, and the To Kill  A Mockingbird guy. DANIELEWSKI ON ALL HIGHSCHOOL READING LISTS NOW!
B000000OAN|4.0|This album is a little more whimsical than the follow up &quot;A Day at the Races&quot; and I must say that it is not as powerful. Still, that is only to say that this album falls a little short of one of the best rock  albums of the seventies. So, it is still a great piece of work.<br />The  musical content ranges from the traditional rock of &quot;I'm in love with  my car&quot; to the pseudo opera of &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; which was  deservedly one of the top ten selling singles of the         seventies in  the UK. On the way, they take in ballads and even, in &quot;Good  Coompany&quot; they sound a little like the Bonzos with a light thirites  meets modern feel.<br />The great thing about the album is that all of the  songs are good, I never feel the urge to skip a track when I listen to  this.<br />Because it is very similar to &quot;ADATR&quot;, you may prefer to  sample some of the band's other work    rather than buy this one if you  already have that album.<br />Like many other albums that are released on CD,  the record company seems to have felt the need to add some sort of bonus  material. Here we get remixes of &quot;I'm in Love With My Car&quot; and  &quot;You're  My Best Friend&quot; which really add nothing to the original  recordings.
6305807086|3.0|...but certainly not great. For a film that is as much arthouse as it is mainstream it makes no point at all whatsoever and it comes nowhere near taking advantage of it's wondeerful premise. All we get is a shaggy John  Cusack and a bushy Cameron Diaz going head to head over Catherine Keener  through John Malkovich. It does has the occasional weird charm but I feel  like it could have been so much more. Only a few scenes raised a smile in  me.<br />Don't get me wrong. I've never seen a movie that had so much  originality to it but I have also never seen a movie that did so little  with its ingenius idea. It becomes quite boring and saggy in places.  Whenever this happened I just wanted it to go to another scene where they  go inside John Malkovich.<br />Also...the ending makes no sense whatsoever.  And the writer doesn't even give an explanation for the portal or how it is  possible. This may have worked for Groundhog Day but just seems lazy here.  As you may have guessed the ending annoyed me very much.<br />I do reccomend  you buy this DVD but it should go in your Obscure/Hit-Miss section. The  film doesn't have much of anything to classify it as belonging to a certain  genre.<br />The DVD is in Dolby 5.1 and is anamorphically enhanced at 1.85:1.
0671042858|5.0|This was an excellent book!  I am not normally a big reader of Mr.King because I usually kinda get lost but when I started this book I could not put it down.  He does such a good job in relaying her adventure and her  feelings...I mean I felt I was going through everything right along with  her.  I have never felt like that.  You have got to get it, it's excellent.  When I was done with the book and ran up to my room to get another one of  Stephen King's books.  Now I'm reading Skeleton Crew.  I love this one too!  You just gotta get it!
6305428220|2.0|There's nothing to reccomend about The Faculty. And surprisingly from the director of FROM DUSK TIL DAWN and DESPERADO it's very tame stuff. There isn't much gore, the rebellion factor is shockingly low (this is important  in a movie like this) and the story is never fully developed and isn't up  to much. The only thing that is good about this movie is Josh Hartnett. I  think he is a very good actor and he should have been given more screen  time.<br /><br />All you get on this non-anamporphic DVD is a trailer, Dolby 5.1 and  a letterboxed picture framed at 1.82:1.
0345409671|5.0|Memnoch the Devil was plainly incredible.  The book wasn't only hard to put down, but very creative.  Anne Rice chose the best last step of Lestat's journey and she did it with style. This final chapter of the  chronicles was a superb ending. And as always Lestat was yet to suprise me.    If you are interesting in reading this slow paced, but totally rewarding  novel be prepared to be not only amazed beyoung belief, but prepared to  become changed as a person.
0684803356|5.0|The book &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; by Ernest Hemingway is sweet. I dont know if I fully understood the book because one I am not a strong reader and two Hemingway is such a good writer and he is above all the most  complex person I have ever read. I really think the book is for 15- and up.  Over all I recomend this book to any one who likes a good war novel and  wants to kinda know what its like to be in a war.
B00004RFFU|5.0|This movie was thrilling and touching.  I enjoyed it very much.  The actors fit Anne Rice's fictional character's descriptions extremely well.
1573226521|1.0|Having read shining reviews for The Beach and expecting it to be a next-generation Lord of the Flies, I was disappointed to find that the novel fell far short. The author spends 350 pages providing a mundane  travelogue and spinning out pointless dialogue that leaves the character  development weak, at best. I plodded through the book, though, expecting a  well-crafted, thoughtful climax but was disgusted to find the trashy,  pointless waste of words that were the last 50 pages of the novel. Don't  waste your time with this one. It is highly overrated.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Alanis Morissette's second major release is a stunning success on every level.  Each song is a like a separate epic poem, yet never comes over as preachy or whining, as many of her contemporaries often do.  What some  reviewers choose to call 'journal-entry' songs are in truth the closest  thing we have to 1960-70s confessional songwriting that spawned legends  like Joni Mitchell, James Taylor, Cat Stevens, Carly Simon, Laura Nyro, and  Carole King.  Does anyone dare accuse these artists of 'annoying'  lyric-writing?  Maybe it's just that the glut of non-challenging,  innocuous, elevator-music with lyrics that flood the airwaves simply numbs  the masses so that when someone like Ms. Morissette continues to follow her  own musical path and emotional journeys, it confuses people.  So be it. The  songs on this album, from the anthemic &quot;Front Row&quot;, the poignance  and self-deprecation of &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot;, the sentimental  heartbreak of &quot;Unsent&quot; to the stunning wordplay of &quot;Joining  You&quot; are astounding in their range and honesty.  Ms Morissette's  vocals have matured since 'Jagged Little Pill' also; it will be a joy to  watch the evolution of this major artist and share her musical sojourns in  the coming years.  For those wanting some challenge to their pop music,  there is no one on the scene now like Alanis.  Highest recommendation.
630575067X|5.0|Hi1 Since there are two of us, <br />this is my favorite movie besides the follow, &quot;breakfast with tiffany&quot;<br />This movie is almost as good  as the first one that came out 7 yrs ago. The speshel effects were better  back then.<br />thisa movie has lost <br />F<br />lawS 1its boeif <br />lawS 1its boeif  <br />my
B00003CXDV|4.0|4 stars because its good fun the whole family can watch.  Maybe a little  silly at times but a pretty good effort overall.  Nice work by Tim Allen  and cast.  Good rental movie.
B00000JCB2|5.0|It may sound different than Three Dollar Bill Yall, but it's still a great cd. I really can't decide which CD is better.
0790729377|5.0|Outstanding movie and DVD.  I tell you, this cast and movie should have swept the top 6 categories at the academy awards.  <br />I bet it could today.
0553280325|5.0|I read this in a weekend in October a couple of years ago. A tight, wellwritten tale.
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix is one of those movies that defines what DVD is all about - incredible action and sound, not to mention a pretty good story line and direction. The Matrix gets a spot in the home DVD library because you can  watch it over and over.
6301661737|5.0|I am just discovering the works of Kurisawa and this is one of the most(if not the most) interesting Kurisawa pictures. <br />The performance by Nadaki is simply amazing, it was great how he changed for each role as the time  went on. <br />The battle scenes are great. My favorite moment is when  Nadaki(the shadow) is sitting still and the men are all dying around him.  This image is as powerful as some of the later in his powerhouse RAN. The  ending is depressing beyond belief but totally believable. <br />This film is  challenging to undertand at first but I felt better on a second viewing  months later. A definite must own if you are a Kurisawa fan or want a ride  for the imagination.
6305181772|2.0|Maybe I'm not that bright....but I didn't get it. Some good actions scenes though and fans Tom Cruise and the original TV series seem to enjoy it.  Worth a rental I guess.
B00000JY1X|3.0|If you can get past the bad pun of the title, &quot;69 Love Songs&quot; is an extraordinarily ambitious work that largely succeeds due to the sheer volume of its creativity. <br />Stephen Merritt and company may slip into  self-indulgence at times, but many of their songs are not only lyrically  strong, they come with catchy melodies, as well. Stylistically, the band is  all over the place. Classical, country, folk, funk, jazz, pop, and rock  each take their place at one time or another on this three-CD boxed set.  And for every track that doesn't quite work, such as &quot;Busby Berkeley  Dreams&quot; or &quot;I Don't Believe In The Sun&quot;), there are several  others that can bear repeated listenings.<br />Overall, disk 1 is probably the  best of the three. With material that ranges from the lighthearted  (&quot;Absolutely Cuckoo&quot; and &quot;The Luckiest Guy On The Lower East  Side&quot;) to the serious (&quot;All My Little Words&quot; and &quot;I  Think I Need A New Heart&quot;), there's something here for almost  everyone, regardless of your mood. &quot;I Don't Want To Get Over You&quot;  is a nice little tune that combines adult regrets with an appreciation of  adolescent angst in a way that manages to be both funny and poignant at the  same time. And &quot;A Chicken With Its Head Cut Off&quot; may be the  smartest send-up of Leonard Cohen's cheerfully morose imagery since The  Austin Lounge Lizards released their &quot;Employee Of The Month&quot;  album a couple of years ago.<br />   Instrumentally, &quot;69 Love Songs&quot;  wanders from piano to synthesizer, and from banjos to full string  arrangements, based on whatever is required for a particular piece to fall  into a specific genre. This can be disconcerting inasmuch as the musical  architecture keeps changing just as your ears become accustomed to hearing  one type of sound. Also, even though the record covers an impressive amount  of emotional terrain on the subject of love (i.e., e.g., idealistic,  platonic, puppy, romantic, sexual, unrequited, etc.), you may find yourself  frustrated by the limits of the single-minded focus on it, and wishing that  this compilation had included other feelings and relationships besides  those of the heart alone. <br />Having said that, however, it is clear that  The Magnetic Fields have produced a very clever and compelling opus, which  is certainly one of the most daring (and generally worthwhile) releases of  1999. If more commercial artists could be half this original, our airwaves  would be the richer for it.
B00000K0DT|4.0|Excellant suspense movie.  Don't watch unless you give it your full attention. Great casting and outstanding performance by Kevin Spacey (Best Supporting Actor).  <br />HHmm....You know, I need to watch it again....
0393312836|5.0|Alex LaBarge, the central character, is a typical teen in this futuristic novel.  He and his friends go to a milk bar to talk, and have a drink, and discuss what to do with the night.  Such as whether to attack an old man or  rob a store.  And after stealing a car, what should be done with it? Just  average kids doing what kids do.  When Alex is betrayed by his so-called  friends and caught by the police is where the novel becomes truly  frightening.  The deeds Alex committed are nothing compared to what is done  to him in the attempt to cure his wicked mind.  He is left with no defenses  against the world, the image of a perfect citizen without any chance of  surviving the reality he is released into.  After many of the people he has  abused exact their revenge, Alex is returned to his natural, sociopath  self.  This is where the Kubrickian (or American) version ends.  However,  Burgess intended the last chapter to show a mature Alex who finds himself  thinking of family and a new course in life.  This novel is an amazing  glimpse into one human's experience.  Though not the author's favorite, it  is mine.  The statement about society and violence and psychological  treatments is impossible to miss.  This is a classic.  Though the language  is at first hard to grasp, it is worth the effort.
6305807086|4.0|4 stars for originality and a chance to see John Malkovich do something a little different. A good rental movie.  Although somewhat boring in the beginning, a well made movie and some good performances.
B00004RFCM|5.0|This series is just wonderful, filled with just the sort of unbelievable  things that do happen in both Manhattan and the single world.  I have yet  to see one episode that did not cause someone I know to say -- that  happened to me.  And yet, despite it all, a very uplifting and empowering  view of women in this age.
6305736650|5.0|Hard to say if it is the best movie of all time, but truly an outstanding movie.  Some of the most memorable lines in movie history.  A must for any movie buff.  Very pleased since adding the DVD to my home library.
0792844882|4.0|This movie is definately a guilty pleasure, for enjoyment purposes only.  We follow Elizabeth Berkley (Saved by the Bell) on her quest to become a dancer, or a porn star, whatever.  The acting in this movie is so horribly  hillarious that it becomes compelling.  If I was a professional film  critic, I would give it one star, but I'll admit, it's a fun movie.<br />I can  say right now that women probably won't like it, and it is only a movie for  adults.<br />Have fun with it, try not to take it seriously.
1570429596|4.0|Along with my colleagues, this book is not for the &quot;Get Rich&quot; crowd. This book is for people who want to be smart about money. Instead of working for Uncle Sam, learn how to name Abraham Linclon, George  Washington, Benjamin Franklin and other monetary celebrities as employees  of your corporation. Take a seat and learn Financial Ed 101.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I thought It was a great movie probably the best of 1999. The anti-materialist message came at just the right time. I think though the reviewers mistunderstand the characters politics. Jerry Browns review  completely misunderstands the nature of Project Mayhem element.<br />Just  because an organization is paramilitary does NOT make it fascist. Despite  claimed reviews of the so-called &quot;fascist&quot; nature of Project  Mayhem, youll notice there are no ranks in project mayhem. There is no  glorification of a state which is a key required element of fascism,in fact  Project Mayhem is against the state and corporate power. Tyler Durden  explicitly seeks the absence of a state(whether this is different in the  novel I dont know, and it doesnt really matter). The Project Mayhem group  in this film may be considered &quot;Paramilitary Anarchists&quot; but  certainly not fascists.<br />About the violence...there is FAR less violence  in &quot;Fight Club&quot; than in &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; or &quot;Silence  of the Lambs&quot; both of which got oscar attention. Only 1 person died in  this film and it wasnt the fight club who killed him.<br />The main difference  between these films is that Fight Club didnt show the fighting in a  negative light, its message is politically incorrect. The reason  conventional Hollywood hates it so much is that it attacks the values  Hollywood espouses and doesnt apologize for men beating the crap out of  each other as a catharsis.
1561005878|5.0|Maugham writes an extremely interesting and thought provoking book, in this story about a young man who takes a drastic change.  The book starts off in the early 20's, with World War I veteran Larry engaged to the  beautiful Isabella.  The future is ripe for him as he has the promise of a  lucrative job.<br />However, Larry having had a life altering experience in  the war (a friend saved his life by sacrificing himself), Larry decides  that the materialistic way is not the one he wants to pursue.  He'd rather  loaf.  Isabella wants a traditional, American way of life.  They split up  and Larry indulges himself in taking up various careers throughout Europe,  studying with priests and Indian yogis, and reading and learning.   Isabella, on the other hand, agrees to marry a wealthy young man.  Their  marriage is good, but not deep as she always has feelings for  Larry.<br />Maugham writes in the first person and the reader is able to guess  that this is a true story, but with the names changed.  In some ways, the  story is like a soap opera (Isabella tries to keep track of Larry's life  and they run into each other periodically.  There is also some scheming  done when Isabella finds Larry engaged).  There are other players in the  book, and ultimately each gets what they want:  spirituality, material  possessions and security, social prominence, or death.  The primary focus,  though, is on Larry's spiritual growth and his relationship with Isabella.   There is also a lengthy discussion into Hinduism versus  Christianity.<br />There was also a well-done movie that does justice to the  book.  It runs on AMC.  The ending differs only slightly and the book goes  into a few places the movie doesn't, but both are comparable and  worthwhile.
B000023X9W|4.0|A Harvest-like feel to this album. Young's haunting voice, introspective lyrics, and smooth melodies. This is the mature version of Neil in the early 70's, pre-Crazy Horse. Very nice. Best he's done in a long while.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Certaintly I need to start out saying that this album is not as heavy as 3 dollar bill ya'll.  Limp has toned things down, however its not totally for the bad.  The hit single you should know off of this cd entitled  &quot;Nookie&quot; is still, and probably always will be my favorite song  on the cd.  The vocals by Fred Durst are good although its more like rap  than actual singing.  The lyrics are filled with swearing but always seem  to send a message in every song.  The guitar parts are average and heavily  distorted, but nothing you shouldn't expect from Limp Bizkit.  As for the  bass guitar, I was pretty impressed with some of those bass riffs (being a  bass player myself) especially on the song &quot;Rearranged&quot; the bass  really stands out!  John Otto does a nice job on the drumming and is very  talented.  The one thing I wanted to hear more of was DJ Lethal!  You could  hear him in some of the songs and in the backround of others.  I noticed  when browsing through other reviews on this title that alot of people gave  it one star and said it was a waste of money without much other reasoning.   I don't seem to understand.  I guess its just an opinion but thats pretty  harsh taking that this cd is good.  I bought it and thought it was worth my  money, and thats my bottom line!
