0783217048|5.0|This movie is great, The actors superb, and the story line hilarious.  When will it be released in DVD?
0070511136|5.0|My bachelor's degree is in Computer Science, and I'm preparing to start my MBA studies within a year. I hope to start my own business one day and I knew I needed to generate revenues. But there was only one  problem...<br />...I had no idea how to sell professionally.<br />I had already  read a few books by Tom Hopkins, but felt he was targeting used-car  salesmen types. It seems as though Hopkins' techniques relied on  &quot;closing&quot; gimmicks when it came down to it. (I must say I did  learn some good principles from Hopkins, but his gimmicky style is not for  me.)<br />I was instantly attracted to SPIN SELLING when I saw that (1) it was  based on extensive research, and (2) it dealt primarily with the large  sale. Since I want to start my own corporation after my MBA, and want to  have Fortune-500 companies as my customers, I realized SPIN SELLING was for  me.<br />SPIN SELLING is simply a great handbook on large-sale tactics.  Rackham shows how the &quot;closing techniques&quot; used in smaller sales  severely damage the success of large sales. He then introduces the SPIN  model (Situation, Problem, Implication, and Need-payoff).<br />Although before  reading the book I never considered myself a &quot;salesman&quot;, I  realized afterwards that I was already using Rackham's techniques in other  areas of my life -- and having a great deal of success. For example, as a  professional IT consultant, I was using (unbeknownst to me) these tactics  to legitimately perpetuate my client billings.<br />Selling is essentially  obtaining another person's commitment. Commitments that deal with the  purchase of good or services is only one type of commitment. Thus, you can  use these tactics/techniques any time you're wanting to obtain another  person's commitment.<br />If your desire is to sell large-value goods or  services to sophisticated and intelligent buyers then SPIN SELLING is the  tactical handbook you need. This book isn't about gimmicks to trick or  pressure the customer into buying. This is professional, high-class  selling.<br />After I read SPIN SELLING I immediately bought Rackham's  &quot;MAJOR ACCOUNT SALES STRATEGY&quot;. Thus, I now have a tactical  handbook and a strategy handbook that are based on the same principles and  extensive research.<br />I've found the SPIN model to be highly effective in  my life.
B00003CXDU|5.0|I loved how it poked fun at all the quirks of &quot;Star Trek&quot; and its fans.  The actors can never escape their roles, the fans don't want to accept the fictionality, and merging it all with &quot;The Three  Amigos&quot; really made it worthwhile.  It's good for die-hard Trekkers  and anti-Trekkers alike.
B00000K19E|5.0|An intresting view of what could come!
0688062334|5.0|At first when I started to read the book, I was skeptical.  You see the cover and think, &quot;Oh great, another Sci-Fi book&quot;.  This one isn't like that at all.  It's kind of a cross between Lloyd Alexander and J. K.  Rowlings, which makes for a very excellent choice if you're into that sort  of book.      The book deals greatly with magic, for everyone out there who  is interested in that.  It is also a twist between medieval times AND the  17th Century AND the ninties in some parts.  Although in some parts the  book might be a little bit difficult to comprehend, if you re-read the part  once or twice, you will get it.
B00001NFCY|4.0|Instead of making a softer experimental follow-up to MY OWN PRISON, Creed simply made another album of non-stop grunge rock they knew their fans would enjoy.  &quot;Higher,&quot; &quot;What If,&quot; &quot;With Arms Wide  Open,&quot; and &quot;Faceless Man&quot; are the best tracks here, but even  the filler is a little better than the less memorable songs on MY OWN  PRISON.  It would have been interesting to hear a few more of these songs  done acoustically like part of &quot;Faceless Man&quot; is, but most of  this is hard rock that is better than what's out there right now.  Maybe  Creed will experiment more in the future with a sound beyond loud grunge  guitars, but this is doubtful since both MY OWN PRISON and HUMAN CLAY are  similar musically and are both huge sellers.  One thing certain is that  Creed makes music that is more honest and memorable in the long run than  the barrage of one-hit wonders today like Lit, 3 Doors Down, and other  silly groups like Len.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Once again, Pearl Jam gives us an album which illustrates their evolving style.  It's been a rather gradual one, and if you are a fan and love every album, it's pretty easy to miss how different Binaural is from Ten.  But  the progression is there.  Many have complained about Pearl Jam, and if you  don't like them, then don't buy the album.  But if you have enjoyed every  album, you'll enjoy this one just as much if not more than any of their  others.  It has a &quot;No Code&quot; feeling to it, I personally think,  but it also has moments of &quot;Vitology&quot; and &quot;Yield.&quot;   Gone are the raving, screaming, vocal chord-destroying little tracks which  have dotted the last few albums.  Instead there are more harmonic-based  tenor jobs like the many on &quot;No Code.&quot;  And as always, there are  &quot;different&quot; songs, such as &quot;Soon Forget&quot;(ukelele).  I  am loving this album more and more...
B000009HF2|5.0|Criticize;.....That's easy to do.....Anyone can come along 20 years later and down grade a performance. Usually;  These are persons who in and of themselves, &quot;Do not know the meaning of &quot;Talent&quot;.   Any  recording from 20 years ago;  &quot;Is going to sound dated.  Recording  Techniques of that period were not as &quot;Studio Produced&quot; as they  are today.  Peter Framptons guitar playing in a &quot;LIVE&quot; concert is  un-reproachable.  This recording is one of the TRUE Classics.  To  &quot;Mock&quot; or put it down simply because it was recorded 20 odd years  ago is wrong;  And &quot;Self-Serving&quot;.   Many Bands of today;;  &quot;STINK&quot; in a live performance;  This is &quot;Why&quot; there are  hardly any &quot;Live&quot; albums out today.  For a &quot;Live&quot; album  to last this long...Truely is a testimonial of a &quot;True Artist&quot;.   And; To have a live performance from 20 odd years ago &quot;Still&quot;  sound this good...Is yet another acclaim for the Artist.   &quot;All  Music&quot; is timeless; whether the music is &quot;Mozart&quot; or Hermans  Hermits. For those of us whom appreciate the TRUE ART FORM of music should  not do without this C.D.  To run it down;...Simply because it's 20 years  old is wrong and I feel that anyone who can make such a critical case  against this C.D. dosent know or appreciate the Art of Music at all...And  who's motives to me;  Would be some what suspect.   &quot;Peter Frampton  Comes Alive&quot;.....Is; and will always be Timeless.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I first saw this c.d. because a friend bought it. Just looking at the cover I knew it would be great. Then I listened to it. I fell in love with it, and I'm about to buy for myself. My favorite song is Other Side. If  anybody is looking for a great rock c.d. this is definetly it!
0385484518|4.0|My personal thought on thiis book was that it was a good book.  It taught me alot on the disease ASL.  There were some good things and not so good things about this book.  First some good things were how Mitch always  visited Morrie every Tuesday no matter what.  That just showed how good  Mitch was to Morrie.  They had a good friendship together.  Mitch showed  how much he cared by helping him with everything that he couldn't do such  as wipe himself, dress himslef, and even feed himself.  Mitch did not mind  doing any of those things.   Some bad things in this book was how it always  went from the past to the present and back again.  That sort of made things  confusing. Over all i thought it was a good book.  Morrie was a good sport  because even though he knew he was dying he lived life like there was  nothing wrong.
B00004T9UF|4.0|This cd has a ton of great songs and it carrys a truckload of great beats.  I was not a fan of rap until eminem started making music.  He is the greatest and I think that this is another one of those cd's that everyone  should pick up and jam to this summer.
B00003CWL6|2.0|Once again, the Oscar hype has taken a sub-par film, and rocketed it to  popularity and success on the backs of two of today's best actors.  Kevin  Spacey once again delivers an award-worthy performance, and Annette Benning  is superb as his emotionally eratic wife, but that's where the kudos should  end.  Not since The English Patient has a film been so disappointing and  unworthy of all the attention and praise it has received.  This dark,  tragic tale of midlife crisis fails to deliver and plods along with teasers  of a climactic finish, only to finish the same way it began....slow.  Look  for a great performance by Kevin Spacey, as always, but your time and money  would be better spent on any other of his movies.  The Usual Suspects is a  perfect example.  Steer clear of this one unless you believe all the hype  and irrationality once again shown by the Academy
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album is equally as excellent as the first. This master lyricist is back as his clever ... self.... This time round he's felt the pressures of fame and hits out at EVERYONE. No-one is safe. His mother,  ex-wife, his record label, his fans don't escape the abuse.<br />This album is  a genius masterpiece. It gets deep into the mind of a man who has had a LOT  of issues in his life.<br />A must buy!yone who enjoyed Em's first album  should buy this.he vast majoirty of it contrasts heavily with the &quot;Real  Slim Shady&quot; single. The album is highlighed by the amazing track  &quot;Stan&quot;, about an obsesive fan, and a barrage of other great  tracks featuing soical commentary, and toung in cheak violence. The album  also features a couple of tracks with Eminem's new group D-12 which sound  great.     The only dissapointing aspects of the album are the out of place  &quot;Bitch Please II&quot;, and the lack of Royce da 5-9, who was on the  amazingly tight track &quot;Bad Meets Evil&quot; on the Slim Shady LP.
0064471047|5.0|This book is great. It has magic, mythical Creatures, and witches. It's a uniqe world. Four children have to live through it. It has many things that i like. Read this book.
6300214184|2.0|Flash -- yes.  Dance -- well, only if it's still the 80's.  It's all about selling yourself -- on the job; in the audition.  The only character with any integrity is the dog.  And, in the end, even he ends up with the  greaseball.  What's with that ribbon?  MADD?
B00004T9UF|5.0|I wasn't an Eminem fan until recently.  After hearing his freestyle cuts and this new album, I gotta say I'm a believer. Every track is slick and fresh, but &quot;Stan&quot; stands out as the best of the album.   &quot;Stan&quot; is deep and emotional, a contrast to Eminem's usual style.   Deserving of at least 5 stars, no doubt!
0064471047|5.0|This book is great. It has magic, mythical Creatures, and witches. It's a uniqe world. Four children have to live through it. It has many things that i like. Read this book.
0812550757|5.0|In Speaker, Card gives uncanny insight into humans and human pain though Ender's arrival on Lusitania.  Ender's way of understanding and healing the complex situation of complete strangers is mindboggling.  Simply by stating  the truth, he both opens and heals the deep wounds of Novinha's family .   If you have never felt that it is possible to &quot;know&quot; a situation  or a person or to change the past, this is a great book to read.  You will  never think the same of raw honesty again.
B00003CX5A|3.0|Well, i was really excited to see this when it came out on DVD and it is beautiful to watch as others mention but the storytelling was flat and unsuspenseful. It could have been much, much better but i felt that it was  unravelling more like an Agatha Christie novel than a more visceral, Modern  re-telling of the Legend of Sleepy Hollow.
0790731983|5.0|Cabaret is one of those films where everything seems perfect and nothing seems out of place. This is mainly because of Bob Fosse's direction, a perfect and charming cast and musical numbers that rank amongst the best  ever made. The multitalented Liza Minneli is sublime in this film, she has  the best of both worlds; the looks and voice of her mother (Judy Garland)  and the musical smarts of her father (Vincent Minneli), she is perfect as  Sally Bowles, the carefree cabaret performer and her musical numbers are  terrific. Joel Grey is also perfect as the devilish master of ceremonies.  Michael York is also great. There is also a fascinating secondary story  about the up-rise of the nazi party. Terrific musical numbers and  performances, Fosse's Masterpiece. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a  9!
0894803123|4.0|I make Ice Cream from this book exclusively.  I can eat a whole pint of Ben an Jerry's at a sitting, and was suprised to find that my homemade ice creams came out about the same as thiers.  You don't get the new flavors  like &quot;Chubby Hubby&quot; but that's only because it's an old book.   I'm sure if you wrote to them, they'd tell you the recipe.  That's just the  type of Guys they are. <br />In any case, I quite enjoy coming up with my own  flavors and substitutions, but since I'm using their cookbook as a guide,  my flavors always come out like Ben and Jerry came to my house and made the  flavor just for me.  If I wonder what Chai-Coconut-Pistachio Ice Cream  tastes like, I can whip up a quart using their coconut Ice Cream recipe as  a starting point, for about the same price as buying it, and I have flavors  that you can't get in the store.  It's a wonder that they sell any Ice  Cream at all with this book on the market.  It just proves that when you  treat your customers right, and don't keep any secrets from them, they'll  keep buying your product.
B00004SZWE|5.0|It's Stevie!  Is there anything else to say? Stevie's music remastered is a good thing, but does it really need to be remastered?  In any evernt, Stevie's music in any form is awesome.  If you haven't purchased this  album/cd yet, now is your chance.
0684803356|5.0|This is by far my favorite book ever.  I am sure many other people will lay out the plot for you in their reviews, so I will tell you what I loved about it.  I love the bravery and leadership of the main character Robert  Jordan, I loved how Hemingway used people such as the strong willed Pilar  and other characters to only make it seem more realistic, and I mostly love  how Hemingway painted a picture with Robert Jordan that is the example for  all people who want to see what bravery is.  No author could top this book.
B00004SZWE|5.0|It's Stevie!  Is there anything else to say? Stevie's music remastered is a good thing, but does it really need to be remastered?  In any evernt, Stevie's music in any form is awesome.  If you haven't purchased this  album/cd yet, now is your chance.
0446677450|1.0|Many years ago I've read a cartoon where Walt Disney's Uncle Scrooge suggests how to make a million: Write a book \\"How to make a million\\". <br />How many people who've read this book became millionaires?  <br />There is hardly any specific information, what you read you may already know about assets. And then suddenly \\"I am rich\\"; are there any details that tell you how he became rich?  <br />And he suggests to buy his next book or game, and next and next. The author has flooded the market with his products: books, games, CDs, DVDs. <br />There is saying \\"With more turkeys the soup will be tastier\\".  <br />
B00000K2SC|5.0|When you see this movie, you'll notice that it has a large amount of special effects.<br />It already starts with the intro. There are highly rendered environments such as when she jumps up in the air and the camera circulates around her. Another example of effects is when the agent and the  women make a huge jump over 2 buildings.<br />An also cool effect is that when  the agents are avoiding the bullets from a weapon. You see half shadowed  the bodys from them moving around. It's real cool to see that kind of  stuff.<br />All by all is this a really good movie with superior special  effects. It's a MUST to see this.
B00004SPYJ|5.0|I first saw this movie 30 years ago.....in theatre...and i've seen it more than a dozen times since.....but untill now is still capturing my heart...The film is so incredibly beautiful.....what more can I say...no  words to utter such magnificent works by Zefirrelli &amp; the two young  crossed star lovers,Olivia Hussey &amp; Leonard Whiting...and the beautiful  music score by Nino Rota....its breathtaking..... This film is a REAL  BEAUTY.......
B00000IMCW|1.0|It never ceases to amaze me how this movie and most of George Romero's awful other films (the exception being the brilliant original Night of the Living Dead) can possibly have amassed such loyal cult followings.  This  and Romero's Knightriders are quite possibly the worst pieces of  storytelling I have ever experienced.  How can everyone be so in love with  such utterly terrible acting, writing, and special effects?  From  everything I'd heard about Dawn and from seeing its wonderful predecessor,  I was expecting a terrifying and socially relevant movie about humans  struggling against the living dead; what I got was a completely awful film  with annoying characters running around slapping zombies and throwing pies  in their undead faces to the background accompaniment of ridiculous,  inappropriate Pac-Man music.  After the first hour and a half, I and  everyone who was watching with me were just praying for it to end, but it  kept on going and going and going through one unbearable plot development  after another.  Seriously, who came up with that hilariously foolish bit of  heroism at the end?  If there actually is an alternate European ending  where all of the main characters end up dying, I would love to see it.   Otherwise, there's just so much not to like about this film and George  Romero films (except the original Night) in general.  If anyone has a valid  explanation for the popularity Dawn of the Dead has enjoyed, I'm all ears.   I'd take an Evil Dead movie over this any day of the week.
6303168507|5.0|Schindler's List is my favorite historical drama of all-time for a number of reasons. Not only is it a masterpiece from a cinematic point of view, but it is priceless for the story it tells to the world. <br />First of all,  the acting is superb. Liam Neeson does well as Oskar Schindler, but in  particular I liked Ben Kingsley (as Istak Stern, Schindler's accountant)  and Ralph Fiennes (as Amon Goeth, the camp commandant). All of the  performances were very convincing and reflect the good  casting.<br /><br />Another great feature of this film is the soundtrack. Slow,  soaring music tells of the painful circumstances of the Jews and of their  conflict with the Nazi regime. Mixed in with the instrumental pieces are  Jewish melodies which also gave me a sense of the cultural traditions of  the Jewish people. <br />From a technical point of view, the decision by  director Spielberg to shoot the movie is black-and-white was a good one. In  fact, I think it makes the movie better than it would have been in color.  The few color segments throughout the movie are aptly placed and help to  focus the viewer's attention on particular details through the eyes of  Schindler. The scenery and photography were excellent compared to other  movies I have seen and contribute to the whole atmosphere of the 1940s.  Some people may be put off a bit by the length (over 3 hours) but believe  me, every minute is worthwhile. Unlike other long movies, there are no  lulls or useless scenes -- everything counts. <br />The best part of the movie  without any doubt is the story itself, the tale of Oskar Schindler and how  he was able to save 1100 Jews from the Auschwitz gas chambers by employing  them in his enamelware factory and eventually his shelling factory.  Schindler's ambition and personal success shines through amidst the Jewish  tragedy and shows how one man, if he has the willpower, can accomplish what  appears to be impossible. Based on the novel by Thomas Keneally (which I  have notyet had the opportunity to read), this movie digs deep into the  human soul and shows how different people are able to survive. <br />There are  many touching moments in this film; in particular, near the end when the  war has been declared over and the Nazis must flee from the Soviet army.  This part and the modern-day segment that follows are both truly  heart-warming tributes. I finished watching this movie for about the fourth  time yesterday, and even though I didn't cry, tears welled up in my eyes  (and this rarely happens when I watch movies). <br />This movie is a must-see  not only for its excellence in the film genre but for the story it presents  to the viewer. Although it is not suitable for young children (due to its  violence and mature content), any mature individual should see it so they  can understand that a spark of good can still exist in a fire of evil. This  movie deserved all of the Academy Awards that it received and will likely  remain in top ten lists for at least the next fifty years. Highly  recommended.
1573226521|5.0|The beach is one of my most loved books. It deals with everything in the American socitety by bringing together a great and unforgetable story. The story is long and at points gets a little too long but still it provides an  explosive ending with a surprising outcome. I loved it. I reccomnd it to  anyone who loves drugs, a little romance and some pretty heavy violence.  Buy it right now!
0385484518|5.0|I just finished this book last night. I loved it. I have never learned in from one source, as much as i learned from this book.  It is inspiring, tear-jerking, and heart warming. It makes you want to change your life and  live each day to its fullest.  I wish I had known Morrie personally, but  through this book, I feel I do.
B00000IQUT|5.0|When my husband first rented this, I thought..yeah right another T&amp;A movie...was I ever suprised...I loved it...finally a woman takes CONTROL !
B000002UB3|5.0|I've always liked the Beatles but I had never really heard their albums properly.<br />When I put the CD and sat back, I was astounded, not because it wasn't any good, but because I knew I was listening to something really  special.<br />I had heard several of the songs on the Anthology 3 collection,  and I was delighted with how the songs, in particular Polythene Pam and  Mean Mr Mustard, had transformed themselves from accoustic ear bashers into  absolute magic.<br />It is hard to fault the songs on this album, the lyrics,  the music, the vocals - its all pure genius.<br />Now for the one minor  criticism - Sun King - I think it is a cracking piece of music, but it  feels out of place.<br />The &quot;side 2&quot; suite is fantastically done,  again as I had heard beforehand the songs demo-ed individually and they  link together perfectly.<br />I can say for certain that when I die, I want  all of Abbey Road played at my funeral service.
6305750750|5.0|To get a load of this fantastic sci fi epic, and special effects show I strongly suggest the Widescreen version.  It by far is the most effective for dispaying the true beauty of this wonderful fantasy picture.  Dont  listen to all the critics on this one,  this film is down and simple fun.   It is not meant to be taken so seriously, so just sit down relax and be  taken to a galaxy far far away with Star Wars Episode I.
B00004STPT|5.0|It is, each and every moment. zimmer's work can take me out of my land into new boarders to explore, a whole new world. his latest works, such as &quot;prince of egypt&quot;, add to this feeling of freedom, as expressed  in his tunes. freedome, just as Maximus felt when he defeated ceaser.  destroyed, hurt, and yet- free. the soundtrack back up this glorious moment  and many others with a variety of musical styles, written by variety of  composers. an arabian tunes combines with some good old holywood action  music, but with soul and proud. it makes me feel alive, sweeps me away to  my most highest dreams and secret emotions. you can feel it to.freedome.
158234082X|5.0|I'm about halfway through this book right now and I can scarcely put it down. I've been laughing hard and reading excerpts out loud to my boyfriend. As someone who has worked in several restaurants (albeit not  four-star) I recognize the probable truth of a lot of the claims in this  book. Aside from being a highly entertaining book, there is some truly  useful information on such topics as choosing cutlery and food  presentation. This book is a must for any foodie.
B00004STPT|5.0|it is. each and every second of it was worth the mony put on it. zimmer's work is magnificent and heroic, just like his latest works such as &quot;princ of egypt&quot;. his music takes me away to my own dreams, my  own secret neverland, with a shocking high voltage, a storm in the making.  the soundtrack'll make you feel alive more then ever, as maximus felt when  he won his freedom apon ceasar's death, when he aknowledged what kind of  rome he really wanted.  arabian music, along with ethno chords sweeps  redlly scot's vision into real life.  you ough it to yourself.
0375411550|5.0|This is the first book I have read by Toni Morrison. HerWriting is so powerful I could feel the pain of eachcharacter. Because of the life each one suffered you understood the outcome. This book should help you become more compassionate, loving, and understanding of ALL people. We are all the same on the inside.
B00003CWL5|1.0|I really didn't think it could get any worse when the American public voted for Bill Clinton a second time, knowing what a lier he was.  The fact that this movie is held up as some sort of statement of &quot;suburban  America&quot; really shows how pathetic society really is.  This is the  worst movie I have seen in years.  Go rent the South Park movie, it has  more class.
B00001NFCY|4.0|All of a sudden I have seen this cd boom in sales.  I have also seen a high airplay of this cd, and I can't say I am surprised.  Creed is one of the best bands out there!  Rock, let's face it, it has changed.  Creed are  the leaders of the change and although I like their first cd better I still  absolutely love this cd!  It has great riffs, powerful and intellegent  lyrics, and just a great lead singer. <br />Thier last cd was one of the most  consistent cds on the billboard 200.  No they didn't do N'Sync numbers, but  they lasted for more than a year in the top 50 with little airplay<br />When I  buy any cd I want one I can play all the way through.  All the songs are  good and the cd does not have one that I skip over.  But of course I have  my favorites!  <br />My Favorites are:  2. What If:  You might have heard this  song in Scream 3.  It is a great song with power.  3. Beautiful:  I love  this song, it is powerful and the lyrics are exceptional. 6. Faceless Man:  7. Never Die  8. With Arms Wide Open I love this song!  It has power and  meaning and just one of the best songs!  9. Higher Uplifting song.  10.  Wash Away Those Years, My personnel favorite, 11. Inside Us All Another  great track!<br />If you like Creed I think you'll like this cd.  They didn't  tinker with thier succes, and they didn't just remake their old cd.  They  put alot of work into this cd and they are one of my favorite groups out  there.  I encourage you to buy this cd because they are one of the  strongest bands on the scene.
0679777547|5.0|I can't say enough about what an incredible experience it was reading The Club Dumas.  I picked this book up on a whim and couldn't put it down.  I read the entire book on vacation in Puerto Rico and then searched endlessly  for another Perez novel.  The book is captivating--a cloak &amp; dagger  suspense involving a much sought after Dumas original manuscript, seedy  homicidal &quot;business partners,&quot; and a sequence of events that  leads the reader through a series of perilous adventures--from the threat  of human and supernatural demons, to the reality that you can't trust  anyone, The Club Dumas offers a suspensful ride that makes you feel that  you are actually involved!  For any true bibliophile, this is the Holy  Grail of books!
B000001E18|5.0|What can I say!  This album was fresh off the heels of Achtung Baby and in the midst of the ZOO TV Tour. Recorded in 3 months, Zooropa is a spontaneous masterpiece. If U2 isn't officially credited with a  &quot;Concept Album&quot;, this is it! <br />The leadoff song,  &quot;Zooropa&quot;, is everything ZOO TV is all about. Commercial slogans  used as lyrics and arcade sound effects to fill in the blanks. This song  sums up the album. Technology and commercialism IS life...not a way of  life. This mentality proves to be true on the tune &quot;Numb&quot;. The  Edge, not Bono, takes the mic and repeats a list of do's and dont's. We are  told what to do and brainwashed what to buy. U2 has fun disguising  everything by flirting with dance rhythms. &quot;Lemon&quot;, &quot;Daddy's  Gonna Pay...&quot;, and &quot;Some Days Are Better Than Others&quot; are U2  at it's most playful yet serious. Peel the layers and these songs will make  more sense.<br />Of course, no U2 album is complete without a bittersweet  lovesong. &quot;Stay&quot; is a song that fits the bill. This tune will  take you away to that U2 of yesteryear. <br />Finally, after a blitzkrieg of  trashiness around Europe, technology, and excess, someone has to make sense  of it all. Enter Johnny Cash. Mr. Cash makes his appearance in the album's  finale, &quot;The Wanderer&quot;. What better way to bring in an elder  statesman to make sense of U2's &quot;sinful&quot; tactics.<br />Zooropa isn't  the most popular U2 album, but it is indeed the most playful and danceable.  Give this album more credit. Released in 1993, in the middle of Grunge's  heyday, U2 was brave enough to release an &quot;experimental&quot; album  which didn't feature a single guitar solo. <br />Remember, Achtung Baby was a  hard album for the band to make. Zooropa was born from Achtung Baby. ...and  thank God Zooropa doesn't sound like Achtung Baby PtII. Turning the corner  and reinventing their music is what U2 is known for...I just wish mostof  you knew that.
B00004T8RK|5.0|You will not be disappointed! After listening to this album many, many times the record kept leaving me with the same feeling that i got when I first heard 1996's &quot;NO CODE&quot;. (My old favorite) In Binaural I  found &quot;Breakerfall&quot;, &quot;Of the girl&quot; and &quot;Sleight of  hand&quot;  to be easily some of the best songs I have ever heard! I really  love this record and I expect in the long run to play this one the most of  all the others. Binaural has a song in it for everyone, It's just a great  record. BUY IT TODAY!
0553278398|5.0|Prelude to Foundation is a spell-binding adventure leaving the reader only wanting for more.  This is the first of the Foundation series I've read, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Like his other sci-fi works, Asimov used a  simplistic, yet enjoyable writing style.  The way he wove in twists into  the whole story is truly remarkable.  Asimov truly knew the art of good  science fiction.
B0000004V2|5.0|This album, simply put, is stunning. In my humble opinion it has to be the best, most wonderful, debut album by a band ever. &quot;The Stone Roses&quot; is a haunting and sublime blend of songs; a seminal work that  defines (and is a yardstick for) urban British bands of the '90s like Oasis  and Pulp. &quot;I Wanna Be Adored&quot; is one of the best opening tunes  for a record. Its slow fade in, with a soft cacophony of noise effects,  gives way to one of the most memorable bass riffs ever. The listener has  goosebumps well before the song kicks in - lyrically, it's a simple  repitition of verses, but lines like &quot;I don't have to sell my soul,  he's already in me&quot; haunt you. Religious imagery is a distinctive  feature of the Stone Roses' music - sometimes it is reverent, sometimes it  is laced with spiritual sexuality. Could it be crisiticed as blasphemous?  This depends on your sensitivity - myself, I believe this mixture of images  to be no more profane than the Song of Solomon. The theme continues with  &quot;She Bangs the Drums&quot;, both a danceable pop song and also a   celebration of love and spirituality. &quot;Waterfall&quot; is in the same  vein, while &quot;Don't Stop&quot; showcases the experimental talents of  the band. Musically it is &quot;Waterfall&quot; played backwards, lyrically  it is somewhat abstract, but by no means pretentious. Following directly  after it makes a terrific impact. This album is hard to fault - &quot;Bye  Bye Badman&quot; has a jaunty, poppy tune which belies nasty lyrics  (&quot;I have bad intentions, I intend to knock you down&quot;) while  &quot;Elizabeth My Dear&quot; is a vicious attack on the monarchy -  performed in under a minute to the tune of &quot;Scarborough Fair&quot;.  Listening to &quot;The Stone Roses&quot; you can tell that the band is  heavily influenced by the Beatles without being a carbon copy - especially  with &quot;(Song for my) Sugar Spun Sister&quot; and &quot;Made of  Stone&quot;. The latter song is the album's first single. It is another  haunting piece, seemingly dominated by images of dying in a car crash.  &quot;Shoot You Down&quot; has gentle and subtle guitar work from John  Squire. &quot;This is the One&quot; is wonderful while &quot;I Am the  Resurrection&quot; is a downright epic - a three minute verbal tirade which  changes into a funk style instrumental. At the end you can't believe you've  been listening to the same song for eight minutes. For an album like this  it is difficult to express exactly how brilliant it is - the spiritual  energy is inspiring, the music complementing Ian Brown's haunting vocals.  Just listen to it. You won't be sorry.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is a compelling story about childhood, and growing up.  Based in the 1930's, To Kill a Mockingbird delivers a realistic, heart warming story.  This is a truly intriuging  book, that the reader wil not want to put down.      The novel goes through  the childhood of Jem and Scout Finch, and tells the high and low points of  their youth.  The book starts off with Scout fighting at school, goes  through the trial of a falsley accused black man, and ends with a social  hermit having his few wonderful astranged moments in the spotlight.      To  Kill a Mockingbird will captivate all readers, from children to adults,  this is truly an amazing book.      The story is set in Maycomb, Alabama  during the depression.  The novel revolves around the Finch family and  their experiences.  As Jem and Scout the hermit, Boo Radley, Atticus, Jem  and Souts father, defends Tom Robinson, a black man falsely accused of  rape, in court.  The awful truth becomes discovered about Bob Ewell, as Jem  and Scout learn the unpleasentries of life.      To Kill a Mockingbird, by  Harper Lee, will bring the reader in and not let them go until they have  reached a fulfilling ending.
0380788624|4.0|Stephenson has created a new world again.  <br />Yes, this is a long book. Yes, it is extremely technical. Yes, it makes you think. Yes, it is worth the effort!<br />Most of the reviews I've seen here alternate between 'love  it' and 'hate it'.  My experience is that it was an excellent book, but not  for its storylines as much as for its ideas.<br />Like Snowcrash and Diamond  Age, Stephenson has developed his crystal ball vision of the future in an  entertaining format.  His vision becomes so compelling as to become  self-fulfilling - like Heinlein's invention of the waterbed, but on a much  grander scale.  <br />I studied engineering in college and have worked in the  computer industry for the last 7 years, but I still found Cryptonomicon  challenging intellectually.  I had to re-read certain passages to try to  understand them.  Unlike some of the reviewers here, I didn't mind  that.<br />If you are looking for a light, SnowCrash-like read, this is not  the book for you.  If you want a well written but dense and interesting  novel, it is.<br />Regarding all the comments about the end not being brought  together, two comments.  First, I think the storylines were fairly clearly  related by the end of the book - anything more would have seemed  artificial.  Second, it is the first book in a Trilogy (it says so in the  afterword), so I don't necessarily expect all the 'loose ends' to be tidied  up.
0783241399|5.0|Wow! I was totally blown away with The Hurricane because I was hardly expecting much of a movie. I didn't even want to see this but I was bored one day so I decided to go. It is now on my top 30 movies! Denzel  Washington and Vicellous Reon Shannon are amazing actors, and both deserve  to at least be nominated for Academy Awards.<br />Rubin 'Hurricane'  Carter  (Washington) is an excellent boxer, never lost a match. He is loved by  many, but when he is accused of a crime he didn't commit, he gets put in  prison for life sentence. Meet Luei (Shannon) a 11 year old boy who one day  picks up Carter's book. He is intrigued and desperate to brake Carter out  of prison. That is where it all begins, the fight to get out, the  friendship to die for and the love to cry for. Unmissable.
B00004STPT|5.0|I had purchased the soundtrack a couple of weeks before the film came out. So then in seeing the film, I thought it was genius how Zimmer applied the score,  matching the emotions &amp; visuals of what you are seeing and how  the music propels you into the film. Especially &quot;the Battle&quot; and  &quot;the Barbarian Horde&quot;, because these are such uplifting and  strong  pieces that perfectly mirror what you experience visually.  Wow...  the opening track, &quot;the Battle&quot;, ...  the music builds in tandem  with the action.  And then when Maximus and the rest of his men are  charging on those magnificent horses,  and he's hoarsely yelling:  &quot;Stay with me! &quot;  .....the music perfectly propels the moment.  One of my favorite soundtracks.........
B00003CXDU|4.0|When I saw Galaxy Quest I was disappointed. Totally. But I hear everyone talking about it and how funny it is and then I start to like it each minute I think about the movie. It really is pretty cool.<br />A bunch of  aliens come to America to collect three actors from a sci-fi adventure TV  program to help them fight this plant-lookalike guy called Cirius. They  accept, but they don't know what the future is going to be like.<br />At the  end of this movie I couldn't stop laughing and I was still laughing on my  way home! I was laughing so much my sides hurt!  See it!
B00004T9UF|5.0|I finally got Eminem's new CD &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;.  The CD is really great. It's even better than &quot;The Slim Shady Lp&quot;.  He talks about everybody in this CD.  It'll make you laugh.  Please buy this  CD, it's worth the money. I can't tell you what the best track(s) are  because, the whole CD is tight.
B000002JSV|5.0|I love the sound of this album and I believe it is one of their best they ever did.  Highway To Hell is probably the best followed closely by High Voltage.  This one is very similiar to High Voltage in the fact that it is  raw.  Raw power and that nasty litte Bon rippin it up like never before.   There is something very unique about Bon's vocals that no one could ever  match.  Brian Johnson is a good replacement but he is just a replacement.   Great disc if you love old ac/dc.
B00003CWL5|5.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; is like a beautiful home crawling with termites beneath the surface. Wherever there are people, you will find great imperfections, so how can people deny the reality of this film? Such  conduct does exist. I have witnessed it in a similar socio-economic stratum  shared by the characters in this movie. Those who cry for a return to the  values of the good old days show a marked ignorance of our social history.  Read about the reactions of various social groups in the early 1930s to  Hollywood films of that era. Such reactions are comparable to contemporary  negative outcries against Hollywood. That is just one example.  &quot;American Beauty&quot; reflects misplaced values that have always  existed in one form or another. The dignity and value of all individuals  should be a constant striving. That to me is a significant plea in this  film. &quot;American Beauty&quot; may be uncomfortable to many, but we have  to know the cause of the illness to heal it. How can anyone believe that  the film makers are advocating fathers sleeping with their daughters  girlfriends? Watch films like this and &quot;The Ice Storm&quot; (with  similar themes of societal disfunction) and discuss them.
B0000025ZK|4.0|This cd is pretty good overall but it is a little too 80's sounding for me to rate it really high.  I love his s/t release from 78' and I love Division Bell much better than this release or Momentary.  It is a little  boring at times I guess but it gets plenty of air time in my cdrom drive.   I also would like to highly recommend Roger Waters solo cd amused to death  and Radio Kaos.  What Dave is incapable of Roger has on his discs and Vica  Versa.  Have a nice evening everyone!
B00003CX5A|4.0|Tim Burton does a marvellous job in re-creating the legendary tale of the Headless Horseman.  Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is sent to Sleepy Hallow to find and capture the Horseman (wonderfully played by Christopher Walken).   The special effects are great, the acting is superb and this is definately  a film that will scare and make you laugh, all at the same time.  One of  the best of 1999.
B0000025DD|5.0|I have read many reviews regarding Pink Floyd and all of the solo stuff.  Some of the reviews of this album refer to the fact that the lyrics are weak and the whole cd is rather laid back and all. Well let me fill you in  on something folks.  This album is David Gilmour and not Pink Floyd with  Roger Waters.  It is David's style because he is not a strong lyricist nor  is he or was he ever responsible for the &quot;odd&quot;<br /> Floyd sound we  are all used to from most Floyd releases.  This album is not necessarily  like any Floyd release as of this date. (78') It is very similiar in many  parts to Momentary Lapse Of Reason (87') but it definatly sounds the most  like Division Bell overall.  David is the person who brought that smooth  sound to Floyd and this cd is full of smoothness.  Some people don't think  it has enough umph to it and they are right. That umph was supplied by  Roger and if you miss that then go pick up Roger's Amused To Death or Radio  Kaos cds.  What is does have is a sweet sound.  David's second solo cd  which is titled About Face (84') sounds just like Momentary Lapse  throughout most of the disc.  I personally would rather hear more of  Division Bell or this s/t cd myself rather than listen to David trying to  sound like what was in at the time.  To sum this review up,  one should not  expect the cd to be another classic Floyd cd, (because only Rog and Dave  together could ever do that again), but to also understand that this is  David at his best.  In my opinion his best is rather good and it is really  a treat. The enjoyable thing about this disc and Division Bell is the fact  that it really sounds like David was playing the kind of music he was made  to play.  Enjoy it for what it is.  I was rather dissapointed with both  Momentary and About Face to some degree although they both have a few  quality songs on them.  My favorite song from this s/t is ----&gt;There is  no way out of Here.
B00003CX95|5.0|Yes, Braveheart is not historically accurate.  So what?  What it is, is an emotionally stirring epic directed by and starring Mel Gibson, in one of his best performances to date.  The action scenes are believable, the  acting is first rate, the cinematography is excellent, as is the score.  If  people would quit complaining about the historical inaccuracy to this film,  maybe they'd find beauty to Braveheart that is not seen enough in recent  film.  Braveheart is a masterpiece on many levels and is deserving of all  the praise it received.  See it now!
B000002MJC|3.0|I would have easily given this CD up to a used store had it not been for the one INCREDIBLE cut on this disc. In Your Room has all the drama and scale that made &quot;Stripped&quot; a huge hit. Starting slow, and  building to a point where chills ensue, makes it the type of song that  spells out what music is suppose to do. Thanks to the synthetic  orchestration of Andrew Wilder and vocal inflections of David Gahan this  track was enough for me to keep the CD. A classic DM tune.  Sadly, once you  here this classic, the rest of the record pales in comparison.
0446310786|4.0|The fiction novel To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the best well written novels of the 1900s.  Harper Lee who is the author of the novel brings out some heartmelting scenes to the reader. She also throws out the sense of what a childhood is like growing up in a country town of Maycomb County.  Jem and Scout Finch raised by Atticus Finch who is their father growing up  without the presence of their passed mother.  Jem and Scout play the  investigators of who their neighbor realy is.The Finch's neighbor is the  creep talk of the town, but no one realy knows the truth of his life. The  scenes of this book are so well described in its southern dialect the  reader can picture it realy happening.  One great example of this is when  Scout walks their neighbor Arthur Radley to his porch and reflects on all  of the games, bad times, and good times that happened.  Also Lee's  courtroom scene is so moving it makes the reader want to go into the book  and be part of the trial. Come join Jem and Scout in this mysterious  investigation of their mysterious neighbor.  Also, go back to the 1930's  and get a taste of what the depression was like.
B000002KY8|4.0|If anyone listened Dirty Mind and Controversy, Prince's previous albums, he/she will meet a different instrumental world on this one. I would give a 3.5 rate to this album, because it's not his best I think. Something like  Diamonds &amp; Pearls : there are very GOOD songs, and there are WEAK ones.  1999, DMSR, Free, Lady Cab Driver and International Lover are amazing with  their funk and slow melodies, but the others are something that I didn't  really enjoy. This album is for only Prince fans, who hadn't met his music  before, I suggest Diamonds &amp; Pearls, Purple Rain or The Gold Experienxe  first, after them, this one, because they have most popular, various and  enjoyable songs. But of course this album like other Prince albums - is a  great one in it's electro funk style.
0446310786|4.0|The fiction novel To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the best well written novels of the 1900s.  Harper Lee who is the author of the novel brings out some heartmelting scenes to the reader. She also throws out the sense of  what a childhood is like growing up in a country town of Maycomb County.  Jem and Scout Finch raised by Atticus Finch who is their father without the  presence of their passed mother.  Jem and Scout play the investigators of  who their neighbor realy is.The Finch's neighbor is the creep talk of the  town, but no one realy knows the truth of his life. The scenes of this book  are so well described in its southern dialect the reader can picture it  realy happening.  One great example of this is when Scout walks their  neighbor Arthur Radley to his porch and reflects on all of the games, bad  times, and good times that happened.  Also Lee's courtroom scene is so  moving it makes the reader want to go into the book and be part of the  trial. Come join Jem and Scout in this mysterious investigation of their  mysterious neighbor.  Also, go back to the 1930's and get a taste of what  the depression was like.
B00003CWRX|5.0|This movie is riveting, engaging, and extremely well done. The performances by Crowe, Pacino, and Plummer are especially sharp and on edge, and the direction by Mann is,as always, simply superb. From the  opening frames illustrating the cache, access and raw power a TV program  like Sixty Minutes offers its producers and stars to the immediately  introduced suspenseful counterpoint of Jeffrey Wigand as a man caught in a  terrible moral dilemma, this movie is absolutely terrific.<br />While one  relates to Russell Crowe's superb depiction (truly an Oscar-caliber  performance) as the man who almost singlehandedly eventually breaks the  back of the tobacco conglomerates, I found myself also captivated by Al  Pacino's performance with a thoughtful and emotional coda as a smart and  street savvy TV producer skating hellbent for leather over the dangerous  edges between his personal morality and the seductive but corrupting  pressures of a super-competitive and absolutely testosterone-crazy TV  program. Likewise, Christopher Plummer's interpretation of Mike Wallace as  an egotistical and morally obtuse dilletante who perhaps has stayed at the  party overlong is a joy to observe. If it is at all accurate, maybe it's  time to finally retire, Mike!<br />This is a movie that explores the way in  which all the powers that be seem to be growing deaf, dumb, and blind to  the rights and needs of the individuals in the society, as Wigand finds out  quite quickly, to his despair. He finds himself compromised no matter which  way he turns, and in an absolutely riveting scene played to the hilt,  decides to do what's morally right regardless of the personal consequences.  This seemed to be one of the quiet messages embedded in the movie, that we  all need to be more moral and have more intergrity in how we approach  ourselves, each other, and the world at large. Amen to that, brother Mann.<br />Nice to see such extraordinary every-day heroism depicted and lauded on  the silver screen. of course, life is never so simple as when it is most  complex, and this movie certainly deals with some very controversial issues  in an engaging, provocative, and thoughtful story we all can enjoy and  learn from. This is a serious,  disturbing, and dramatic movie I want to  own and pull off the shelf periodically to watch and think about. I think  you'll appreciate it too.fe is never so simple as when it is most  complex, and this movie certainly deals with some very controversial issues  in an engaging, provocative, and thoughtful story we all can enjoy and  learn from. This is a serious,  disturbing, and dramatic movie I want to  own and pull off the shelf periodically to watch and think about. I think  you'll appreciate it too.
6305127638|4.0|The only reason why I'm giving the DVD 4 stars is because Paramount did  not go the extra mile for die-hard fans by putting in some of the  interactive content and added bonuses that DVDs were made for... &quot;The  Matrix&quot; is a prime example of how a DVD should be presented. The DVD  widescreen format is sweet and the DVD does include 2 theatrical trailers,  but that's it. :-)<br />Now that I'm off my soap box, I must say that this is  the best Star Trek movie made to date. Sit-on-the-edge-of-your-seat movie  watching experience.<br />The Borg are back and now they're out to destroy  Earth.  Former assimilated Borg himself, Jean-Luc Picard is off to the  rescue in this extremely entertaining sci-fi adventure. What could be more  romantic that the captain of the best ship in the fleet off to rescue  mother earth from the most evil force in the Galaxy!<br />Alfre Woodard really  adds a lot to this film and to the development of Picard's character. You  don't have to be a Star Trek fanatic or even a regular watcher of the film  to enjoy it... a lot is explained to the ST neophyte in the opening  sequences... but this movie will be most enjoyed by fans of the tv  series.<br />The best ST captain yet vs. the worst enemy the Federation has  ever met... an enemy with no soul - like a virus, they just spread and  consume and do it without mercy.  I had this movie on VHS but I watched it  so many times, the tape broke, so I got it on DVD.  Just a great flick -  emotionally thrilling and lots of eye candy and SFX thrills.
B00003CX5A|5.0|First of all, I think it is a shame people were led to believe that this was supposed to be a horror movie.  It isn't.  It's just a fun, exciting film by a director who stands out among his peers with a remarkably  individual take on flim-making.  It's a smart, funny, energetic movie that  kept my eyes glued to the action through four sittings in a theater, and  recently two more on DVD. Which brings me to the DVD itself.  The film  itself is flawlessly transferred into DVD format.  The sound and picture  are beautiful and crystal clear.  One of DVD's greatest assets is the  extras that are often available.  This one has no shortage.  There is an  interview with cast and crew, as well as a &quot;Making Of&quot;  documentary, and both trailers.  The optional french language track is fun  to listen to, but the real treat is the director commentary.  Tim takes  great pleasure in ragging good-naturedly on his own film, and also gives  wonderful insight into the process.  He was always amusing, and he reveres  his actors very much.  Most Burton fans know that Tim is an actor's  director, and that really shows through.  His cast is made up from the  quality performers of the American and Brittish stage.  The five town  elders could have been boring side characters, but they were brought to  colorful realization by superb performers with artfully charismatic faces.    It's a great movie, well worth putting down money for.  I reccomend it to  any Burton fan, or anyone who just enjoys watching a good flick.  Loved it.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Wow, one of the most intense songs EVER written is arguably the first song on the Album. It's a great metal album, but also has slower songs but with powerful messages. It's a great buy, I recommend it. Thank you for reading.
B000002U9Y|5.0|Many of the reviewers here seem to feel that the album is too much of the early Syd Barrett style or too much of the later Pink  Floyd style.  Well, i'm one of those fans that loves both styles.  I like every album from  Piper at the Gates of Dawn to A Momentary Lapse of Reason.  Of course of  have my favorites in between, but this is one of them. I love how the album  has a balance from the &quot;subconscious songs&quot; like the title track,  Remeber a Day or Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun to the more  catchy and simple songs like Jugband Blues, Let There Be More Light and  Corporal Clegg.  I would have to say this CD is up to par with Piper, Dark  Side and The Wall, as well all the other great releases we have been given  by Pink Floyd and it's Artists.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I've been a Limp fan for quite some time now, and this CD has some high points and some low points. If your a HUGE fan of the first one with the hard kicking riffs and in your face lyrics.....this one isn't really like  it at all. It's still a great listen to though. You can tell Limp is  experimenting with some different tunes and such. I like the CD, hell  Nookie is quite a song. But I'm still a huge mark for the first one, but I  can understand this new tune also. So plain out, I like it but it's not the  first one. Thanks for reading :)
0375501851|4.0|I think it's always a pleasure to find a novel that's going to stretch expectations a little bit.  Ms Smith's novel is almost all it's supposed to be.  It is a very entertaining read, and while it allows for some  meditation on the reader's part, Smith fairly constantly keeps the  characters grounded.  <br />As the story moves from Archie and Samad to the  twins and Irie, I thought she sacrificed the story of Archie and Samad,  allowing them to become caricatures more than full characters, but she  developes Irie in compensation.  <br />There's a lot of Rushdie here, and the  ending comes like a wall, but overall, the novel's certainly worth a read.
B00004TJTS|4.0|I don't know what I expected when I went to see &quot;My Dog Skip,&quot; but I did not expect a film this profoundly moving. I did OK through most of the film until the end, particularly during the last five minutes when I  proceded to bawl uncontrollably. My wife and I immediately raced home to  give our dog &quot;rubbies&quot; and take him for a walk in the park.  That's the kind of impact it had on us.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Sleepy Hollow is a beautiful, beautiful horror film.  It is a pretty good horror film except for the various points of comic relief that plague the movie.  Johnny Depp's character is excentric at finding the headless  horseman but he is too much of a clutz to take seriously.  This humor hurts  the films in parts where it should be scary, making you wonder if you  should laugh or scream.<br />The Art Direction simply puts any complaints I  have about this film to shame.  It is wonderful.  Director Tim Burton has  created the ultimate halloween type atmosphere.  I couldn't think of anyone  better to direct this film.<br />The DVD has a 30 min documentary, photos,  trailers, and a commentary.  A well put-together DVD.<br />Although cheesy at  times, this is an very good film with a strong story and EXCEPTIONAL art  direction.  This is where director Tim Burton shines once again.
B00000FCBC|1.0|I noticed on a quick glance at the reviews on my way to chip in my words that someone said that this is a &quot;cohesive&quot; album.  That doesn't surprise me at all, because we all know that concrete, mud, rubber cement,  and manure all stick together quite nicely.<br />Unfortunately, it seems that  the cruddy job of cut-and-paste that Metallica tried to pull off is held  together with all of the above.  What were they thinking when they put  covers of Mercyful Fate songs on this release?  I won't dignify  &quot;Garage Inc.&quot; by calling it an album, of course.  Hetfield  shouldn't even try to imitate King Diamond's range or power (admit it,  people--Hetfield's sacrificed most of his punch to gain a voice that any  third-rate lounge singer has), and it is sacrilege to have Metallica try to  cover a Black Sabbath song.<br />If you're looking for a stereotypical fallen  angel in the music business, seek no more.  Every original Metallica fan I  know (and I know hundreds) is at the very LEAST digusted with the sudden  and none-too-bright about-face they hit us with in 1996.  Most of those  fans from the band's beginnings have sold their entire  collections.<br />&quot;Garage, Inc.&quot; is a general failure.  A few  mediocre covers cannot resurrect the greatness of one of the greatest metal  bands of all time.  Against my better judgement, I recently listened to one  of these songs (I don't remember which one) on the radio and was sickened  anew.<br />It's too late.  Anything Metallica tries to regain core fans will  never work.  I've said it before, and I'll say it again--the band died with  Cliff Burton, and whomever that dark necromancer is who reanimated the  corpse of Metallica, I have a request:  would you please kill it off once  again?
B00004T8RK|5.0|Binaural is probably the greatest pieces of music i have heard by any artist since the Doors. I believe that pj and the doors have a lot in common, more so than is often realized, for one reason, sheer creativity.  Niether of these bands sounds like anything else. It would be ridiculous to  try and describe or delineate the songs on this album, suffice it to say  that it causes one to think and reflect, which is perhaps the greatest gift  that Pearl Jam has offered to us. It wouldnt surprise me if Bianural does  not get great reviews or sells lots of copies because in America only  crass, unthinking and unreflective music can sell to the herd-like masses  who huddle around their Brittny Spears albums just as they sit in  unreflective, unconcious class rooms and listen to the drone of unfeeling  teachers, looking at the clock. Echoes, nobody hears, it goes and goes and  goes...
B000002BE9|5.0|When I first bought this CD 4 years ago, I had no idea how much I would play it.  In fact, Tidal is the only album I have been able to play time and time again without ever growing tired of it.  At first I only listened  to a few of the tracks, but Fiona's deep voice pulled me in, and the album  grew on me as I listened more closely to her lyrics.  Tidal should not be  judged solely on the radio hit &quot;Criminal,&quot; there is so much more  to it than that.  For instance, the slow, dream-like &quot;Pale  September&quot; certainly didn't capture my attention the first time I  heard it, but now it's one of my favorite tracks.  Tidal is an incredible  album through and through, you just have to become familiar with it to  appreciate it fully.  If you aren't impressed the first time you listen,  give it a few more chances.  4 years later, it's still in my CD player  non-stop!
6305089957|2.0|Aside from a suspenseful sequence with Courtney Cox trapped in a recording studio, this movie is just terrible. Jerry O'Connell tries valiantly, and Courtney and David are fun to watch together, but this sequel forgets that  it isn't satire if it's just as bad as the thing it's satirizing (like..  oh.. Friday the 13th Part 5). But worst of all is the ending: beyond  stupid, it drags and drags and drags... how can any of the fans of this  movie bear to sit through yet another LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG &quot;Why I had  to do it&quot; explanation by the killers? It's not funny, it's just plain  BAD.
B00004T8RK|5.0|This is a very good, solid effort from the band.  I don't consider it as good as say, Yield or Vitalogy, but it's easily the match of No Code and it has a more consistent feel.  <br />Anyway, enough of the comparisons.  My  favorites from this disc are \\"Evacuation\\" - I'm really impressed with  Vedder's throaty bellowing of the title; \\"Light Years\\" - for some reason,  Rolling Stone called this one a dud, it's the first song that really caught  my attention; \\"Thin Air\\" - has a sort of conventional lilt to it, but  nothing wrong with that; \\"Of the Girl\\" - nice Eastern influence there;  \\"Rival\\" - great one by Stone Gossard; and \\"Soon Forget\\".  This one is less  than two minutes long and features just Eddie strumming a ukelele, yet it's  one of the most memorable songs on the set.<br />One thing I'm kind of  wondering about is the almost total absence of Mike McReady in the  songwriting credits (he co-wrote, with Vedder and Gossard, the music to  \\"Light Years\\").  McReady wrote the music to two of Yield's best songs,  \\"Faithfull\\" and \\"Given to Fly\\" and, I think, \\"MFC\\".  I'm just wondering  what this album is missing without much of McReady's songwriting  contributions.
B000000WHC|5.0|Still Got The Blues became a classic among blues albums. The songs cover all the possible tempi of straight forward blues, always dominated by Gary Moores inspiring guitar virtuosy.<br />In the beginning, Texas Strut was my  favourite song. As The Years Go Passing By - probably the bluesiest song  on the album - takes a lot more time to catch but ends up being a real  favourite as well. Though in the end, the title track remains the  masterpiece!<br />It doesn't really matter if you buy Still Got The Blues or  the follow-up After Hours. They basicly sound the same. And this IS  brilliant blues music!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Beautifully writen lyrics.  Wonderful voice.  Better than the last album!  Some songs make you wanna dance and some make you cry (in a good way).  Even the pictures are nice!  They even give you the lyrics to Oops!...I Did  It Again,  Stronger, Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know, and Lucky, which is  really great!  I love to sing along!   This album is different.  She  declares herself, which is great.  It's more spritual.  It really is  beautiful.  So, BUY IT even if you don't like her, you will!
B000007MVX|5.0|Passion Play is an exquisite piece of musical genius, fresh from the mind of the multi-talented Ian Anderson. For true Tull fans this album is unforgettable. It is a peak of sorts after the great Thick as A Brick  album. The songs on this album are hard to forget and you will find  yourself humming some of the melodies to yourself because they are so  memorable. One of my favorite albums from the good old days of Rock and  Roll! Enjoy!
B0000027RL|5.0|This is the best album ever made by Pearl Jam!
B000002ADT|5.0|to do a record like this? Something happened that day, some kind of magic. Otherwise it is impossible to explain how these people created and blended this intricate and seamless atmosphere. After so many years of listening to  it, I can't stop getting enough!<br />It may seem strange, but for me the only  record in history that competes with this one, is the 32 Goldberg  variations played by Gould. What is the relation? Maybe somebody can  explain it to me.
B00004T9UF|1.0|Well, I feel that anything with such horrible production and ill placed beats deserves this rating.  Shock appeal is the key.. ...
B000002GLV|5.0|Dalam keadaan bagaimanapun bila terdengar musik dari John Mayall saya berhenti dan mendengarkan.  (aryakusuma@yahoo.com)
B00004SCX6|3.0|This album is pretty kewl,even though I'm not into this kind of music but it has some good dance music on it and i use to be a teeny bopper,god knows i hated that stage,lol,but the album has kewl songs on it,I like about  maybe 5 songs,but her redoing of (i cant get no)satisfaction,should not of  been done that song is rolling stone material not britney spear(teeny  bopper)material,i wonder what the rolling stones have to say about this?
B00000IAU3|3.0|Originally I bought this CD for 'Here With Me' - the theme song from WB's 'Roswell'. Apart from that I had never heard from Dido. I am now totally in love with them! Including 'Here With Me', the top tracks from this CD are  'Hunter' and 'Honestly Ok'. Sorry to typecast, but if you're into Sarah  Mclachlan and Lillith Fair, or even if you just like mellow music with  amazing vocals, go for Dido. You'll love it.
0898451299|5.0|&quot;What Do People Do All Day&quot; is really a one-of-a-kind book.  As a toddler and older child, I was enthralled by Scarry's colorful and highly detailed pictures and his fun characters, and I especially recall the  sections on water treatment and electrical power generation.  This book,  unlike any other, certainly stimulated my early interest in a career.  Speaking from experience, a kid can spend hours poring through this book,  and he can remember details from it for years.  Unfortunately, it seems  that a few boneheads at the publisher don't share my exceptional feelings  for the book and have abridged it, removing the two sections I have  mentioned and more.  Shame on them!
B000021Y74|5.0|A great movie, fast, moving, totally capturing. It makes you think, it makes you dance, it makes your heart beat faster, and most important of all it makes you realize how important &quot;a second&quot; of lifetime can be  and how it can change everything.
B00000J7J4|2.0|This album mostly sounds like really, really good background lounge music.  Much of it sounds the same.  I know Carlos Santana plays a mean guitar, but I often feel he is technically skilled, but the emotion of his playing  is lost on me.  The song with Everlast is pretty good, but  &quot;Smooth&quot; is an inexplicable hit to me.  I played this CD twice,  and I'll be taking it to the local Hastings to sell to them.  I'm sure I'm  just missing out on what everyone else loves about this CD, but I have to  be honest...I wasted my money on it.
0782011098|5.0|ALthough I will be honest enough to say that I would have paid the same amount just for Father Goose. There are not a whole lot of Bells and whistles which you normally associate with a DVD, but the transfer was  clean, so you have a nice version of the two. <br />Father Goose is possibly  Cary Grant's best role, if only because this is not a typical Cary Grant  type of Character. The story, that of a Itenerant Beach bumb who gets  dragooned into service during WW II is absolutely priceless.<br />I Can  reccommend this twinpack just for Father Goose
B00003OSTN|5.0|Joan Crawford's big, Oscar-winning comeback from being labeled Box Office Poison as exquisitely chronicled in Mommie Dearest, Mildred Pierce is a fine jewel in a noir setting. A chillingly sordid tale of a woman, Mildred,  who sacrifices everything to give her ingrate of a daughter, Veda (played  to perfection by Ann Blyth), the best that money could buy. Manipulative  Veda, never one to be satisfied so easily sets her sites on her own  stepfather, Mildred's husband, the ineffectual and foppish Zachary  Scott.<br />\\"Alligators have the right idea-they eat their young,\\" says  Professional Best Friend, Eve Arden, who is delightful, as is Professional  Ninny, Butterfly McQueen, as supporting players in Mildred's grand scheme.  And as Mildred, Joan is Joan To The Bone, struggling up from utter  tackiness to even greater tackiness with her string of pie and chicken  restaurants, all for the greater glory of Veda. But Veda isn't impressed  with Mildred's money and its smell of grease. She fakes a pregnancy to  blackmail money from a boyfriend, runs off to become a hoochie dancer, and  seduces her mother's husband, all on short order. And then things go from  bad to worse. And the movie goes from divine to sublime.
0780626494|4.0|This was a fun little movie, that while nice isn't terribly memorable.<br />The movie is made by Brendan Frasier, he plays a loveable naive goofball.<br />Alicia Silverstone is allright, but somehow it just  doesn't feel right. And ultimately it her that makes me lower the rating  for this movie.
1573226521|3.0|I'll have to start this review by telling you that I didn't finish the book.  It was not because it was boring, but because it glorified violence unduly, a shortcoming that I find intolerable.  I picked up the book  expecting a lot more commentary on the treatment of the third world as a  Disney park, a characteristic of my generation.  This was not addressed as  significantly as I had hoped.  When I read the book the movie had already  premiered and I couldn't shake from my mind the chain of action as a short  attention span gratifying made for movie novel.  I mean, I know that it  wasn't, but the transfer seemed that it would be all too easy.    My  friend, Scott, who loves the book brought up a good point.  The book is  written in the first person, Richard, who is a selfish and dim witted jerk.   It is interesting to walk in these shoes, although my wife moaned with  frustration as the primary character bumbles through a chain of really bad  decisions.
B00001ZWTT|3.0|In fact, I think there are exactly 4 similarities between Wild Wild West the movie and the TV-Show<br />those 4 are:<br />James West's name Artemis Gordon's name Dr Loveless' Name President Grant's name.<br />The Characters  themselve are all radically different, and The Story is not a story you  would have seen in the TV Series. <br />In short this is the _Robin Hood :  Prince of Thieves_ version of Wild Wild West. What do I mean? Just this,  that if you can forget everything about the CHaracters this is _supposed_  to be about, you actually have a decent movie.<br />If you never watched _The  Wild Wild West_ on TV, or if you can forget that this is supposed to be  based on the TV series you can really enjoy this movie.
0316286869|5.0|I FIRST STUMBLED ACROSS THE TALENT OF KEVYN AUCOIN THROUGH THE GLOSSY PAGES OF FASION MAGAZINES LIKE GLAMOUR AND ALLURE.  WHEN I SAW HOW THE FACES OF THE WOMEN HE WORKED WITH WERE TRANSFORMED, I THOUGHT &quot;GOD!  WHERE CAN I FIND A MAN LIKE THAT! &quot;  HE IS TRUE TO HIS PASSION AS AN  ARTIST AND THIS FANTASTIC BOOK IS PROOF OF THAT PASSION.  IT GIVES WOMEN  LIKE MYSELF THE INSIDE TIPS AND TRICKS TO LOOK BETTER AND MOST IMPORTANTLY,  FEEL BETTER!  BY USING KEVYN'S SIMPLE TECHNIQUES THOUROUGHLY EXPLAINED IN  THIS FANTASTIC MASTERPIECE, I HAVE LEARNED HOW MUCH FUN MAKE-UP CAN BE.   KEVYN GIVES A COMPLETE EXPLANATION OF THESE TECHNIQUES AND WALKS YOU  THROUGH THEM WITH CLEAR, CONSISE ILLUSTATIONS.  THE BOOK IS ALSO LITTERED  WITH GORGEOUS PICTURES OF THE CELEBRITIES HE HAS WORKED WITH.  THIS BOOK IS  A MUST FOR ALL WOMEN!
0790729628|4.0|I was a bit dissappointed in the DVD version, it was actually not much better than what I had on video, and there are not features to speak of.<br />The movie is a classic. I would put it up with the _Maltese Falcon_,  and _The Big Sleep_. In fact of all the Humphrey Bogart style movies that  Harrison Ford has tried out, this is the only one he does as well as Mr  Bogart might have done with similiar material.<br />The director's cut is  infinitely superior to the original movie. Gone are the cheesy voice overs  and instead you are left wondering if perhaps Dekkard himself is not what  he seems.<br />Had the DVD contained more features I would have instantly  given this a five, but the lack of effort in putting the DVD together drops  it down a notch.
B000007PSR|5.0|Fans of Syd Barrett will justly celebrate this collection of outtakes and previously unreleased recordings, culled from the last few years of Barrett's brief creative career. Known for his querly songwriting in Pink  Floyd, this collection finds Barrett less self-consciously trying to  wrestle a psychedelic vision, and just letting his inner world flow out.  Syd's playing is often clumsy, but never insincere in these uncompromising  yet good-humored numbers. The sound quality is excellent and pared-down,  often merely Syd and his guitar feeling his way through the new material  (though there are some fascinating experiments like the murky basses on  &quot;Swan Lee&quot; and the vibraphone instrumental version of  &quot;Golden Hair.&quot;) It gives me chills to hear his quiet, accented  voice gently intoning a series of random words on &quot;Word Song&quot; -  some of them (&quot;glaucous&quot;) quite nonsensical. There is a childlike  purity to this work that defies proper description. For those who prefer  stream of consciousness, visionary work to radio pandering, you will not  want to miss this. Fans of Barrett's other solo work will enjoy the  intimacy of this inclusion to the canon.
0780624890|4.0|This is a pretty good movie. I have to admit being a bit surprised that they did as good a job as they did, given _Spawn_ and any number of bad comic to movie transitions.<br />Wesley Snipes does a good job, and Kris  Kristofferson is a pleasant surprise.<br />Now the DVD itself is awesome, it  sets a high standard for others to follow. THere are jsut so many cool  extras here.<br />I would definitely reccomend this one.
0792151712|4.0|The most expensive telling of the Titanic ever made. Director James  Cameron spares no expense in the effects to bring the story to life. Like  most Titanic movies, this one too is set around a love story (featuring  Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet). The effects are spectacular, the story  is only good, and for this it loses a star. Too much time is spent telling  the fictitious love story that several important facts are omitted from the  script. More then likely they ended up on the editing room floor.  Otherwise, a spectacular movie with incredible attention to technical  details. Also features Kathy Bates (&quot;Fried Green Tomatoes&quot;,  &quot;Misery&quot;). The soundtrack is okay, but we suggest the second  release &quot;Back to Titanic&quot;, a much better collection of music.
6304711891|4.0|_The Rock_ is a good movie, with good actors and a good story. Nicolas Cage plays the role of a Govt. Chemist who gets roped into helping the Govt. deal with a renegade General, Ed Harris, who has stolen nerve gas and  intends to use it.<br />The have to break into Alcatraz in order to recover  the gas. In order to do that they have to enlist the help of a  &quot;criminal of the State&quot; played by Sean Connery. <br />All of this  turns into a wonderful action movie with a bit more to the plot than your  average summer movie. <br />The DVD however left me a little dissappointed  however, as it and the Movie was not that much different than what I had on  tape.<br />If you don't own the Rock then get it on DVD, if you already ahve a  widescreen verion of this movie, I would wait until it became a bit cheaper  to buy.
6304078102|4.0|The heart-warming tale of a composer-to-be turned High School Music Teacher.  With Richard Dreyfuss (&quot;Close Encounters of the Third Kind&quot;) in the leading role, the story spans a 30 year time period in  the changed life of the teacher. The story is one most of us can relate to  as we try to achieve our hopes and dreams.  If we only realize the lives we  are truly touching.  The movie offers some unique transitions between the  years including archived film footage and real-life events that changed our  nation.  While not based on a true story, it certainly could be.  The only  issue friends had with the movie was the speed with which the non-musical  high school became an overnight sensation.  Considering the fact the movie  covers such an expanse of time, one's imagination must be employed to lay  the timeline.  Good supporting cast, mostly newcomers with the exception of  Olympia Dukakis (the Principal) and that guy that played that Car Salesman  in &quot;Fargo&quot;.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I deliberately skipped this movie when it was in the theatre because it looked like a lame parody on _Star Trek_. Now if anything deserves to be parodied it's _Star Trek_, but there is nothing worse than a bad parody. So  when I got this DVD, I didn't exactly have high expectations. Boy was I in  for the Surprise of my life. <br />Galaxy Quest turned out to be an excellent  movie that also was an excellent parody of _Star Trek_.<br />Tim Allen does a  wonderful job, but it is his crew that steals the show.<br />The DVD itself is  funny and has some good stuff on it.<br />All in all a movie that can be  highly reccommended.<br />&quot;Never Give Up. Never Surrender&quot;
B00000ILBK|4.0|I think Insurrection, along with First Contact and Star Trek VI, are the best in the series thus far. The worst were IV, V, and Generations. I loved the story and the acting in Insurrection; F. Murray Abraham did the best  job at playing a bad guy besides Christopher Lloyd in Star Trek III. Lloyd  played a Klingon in III, and I don't think that performance will ever be  topped; but, nonetheless I liked Abraham a lot. Data (Brent Spiner) had a  few absolutely wonderful scenes as well.      I've been a very, very loyal  fan to Star Trek over the years and have seen every original and TNG  episode made. That leads me to say that I do agree with other viewers in  saying that this one could have been done just as well as a TV episode, or  at least a two parter of the TNG series. The most disappointing aspect of  the whole movie is the space battle, which really isn't a space battle. It  would have been just as effective to report its happening off camera. All  of the action in the movie takes place on the planet, and there are some  very good, crisp action scenes there. Some of those shoot-outs were  classics, notably the two with the small flying drones. If you're a Trekker  this movie won't (shouldn't) disappoint you, even if you're looking for one  with a lot of action. In future movies, I would like to see more of a Star  Wars approach in reference to any space battles they may attempt (after  this one, they might not even attempt any more space battles, though). <br />    While very good, the whole thing isn't quite on the same grand, epic scale  as, say, II, VI, and First Contact. For epic good -vs- bad quality, those  were off the page, and the ones by which all Star Trek movies can be  judged. So go buy them all, watch them, and then decide.
0783226063|3.0|If you have ever caught _Dune_ on the Sci-Fi channel, you know that there is a mighty long version dubbed as a directors cut making it's way around. The directors version contains some scenes left on the cutting room floor  that help make sense of the movie. I was hoping, against hope of course,  that the DVD would include the directors cut, or at least some of the  deleted scenes as a feature. Alas that was not the case. ALl we really get  is the movie, in its originally flawed version. Of course it is still an  above average movie, and the movie itself would normally garner four stars  out of five from me, but the lack of more interesting features forces me to  drop it a notch as the DVD version.
B00004T9UF|4.0|yo the new eminem is off the chain. its funny as hell. wit a lot more cusses than his last lp. the album gots tight lyrics, funny verses,an tight songs. its the best album that came out 4 the 2g. if  u gonna get any cd  get this.peace.
B00000G3PA|2.0|The movie wasn't that bad, but the errors are just too much to overcome:<br />I mean, an asteroid the Size of Texas and you don't see it until it is two weeks away?<br />We can train oil drillers how to do Zero-G  work in less than two weeks?<br />Those are the biggest non-spoiler issues I  have with the movie.<br />The DVD makes it all worthwhile thanks to an  absolutely cool version of Aerosmith's video &quot;Don't wanna mis a  thing&quot;.
0783244320|4.0|Galaxy quest is without a doubt a send up of Star Trek, and really no  other s/f movie or tv series. It is an incredible, fast paced homage to one  of the most beloved tv show and its rabid fans. One can only feel the  annoyance which Shatner &amp; co. must go thru at convention in scenes like  Allen meeting a group of 3 nerds who ask him some impossible technical  question about the series that even its creators couldn't answer.The story  isnt really anything special. It's been done before in a variety of ways,  the one which comes to mind first being Starfighter, where a top level  arcade playing teen is recruited by aliens to save the galaxy due to his  eye/hand coordination when it comes to gaming. So how does dean Parisot who  directed the incredibly BAD film Home Fries score a hit here? Simple. The  cast is incredible. Consisting of Tim Allen, the always incredible Alan  Rickman, and the gorgeous Sigourny Weaver, not to mention Tony Shaloob, you  can't go wrong. Even the more minor characters are engaging. The Star Trek  in-jokes and references are too many to mention&gt; Suffice it to say that  Parisot must have had much more interest in this subject matterr than his  last lame film to create something as good as Galaxy Quest.The little  criticism that I have noticed regarding this film, is directed towards  Sigouney Weaver's cleavage (which in my opinion barely detracted from the  movie). Indeed, you have to get the dvd version w/the cut scenes to even  see the most exploitative moment w/Weaver that was ultimately left on the  cutting room floor. Take it from a fan, this is a great, funny,feel good  film!
630562285X|2.0|The DVD itself is quite nice With a nice graphical display and neat interactive menus. Unfortunate the movie itself dissapoints.<br />There have been many better movies in this type of Genre. Goodness, later in 1999 we  had a better movie in the same vein when a remake of _The Thomas Crown  Affair_ hit the theatres.<br />Sean Connery did well enough, but I just  couldn't suspend my disbelief to make it through the plot, or to believe in  Catherine Zeta-Jones' character.<br />If you are a Connery fan, and thought  _Medicine Man_ was good then get this movie, otherwise I really cannot  reccommend this film.
6305426651|4.0|Since American Beauty hasn't been released to home video at the time of  this review, I thought I might mention it as a means to review Life is  Beautiful. You see, in this film, Roberto Begninni walks that fine line  between the exploitation of a tragedy (the Holocaust), and making a  comedic, touching movie. This is something that movies like American  Beauty,Forrest Gump, and Primary Colors, failed to do. They all took human  tragedies and tried to be clever with them (patricide,mental &amp; physical  disabilities and corruption respectively),unsuccessfully. Life is Beautiful  takes as important a subject, if not more so, and makes an incredibly  entertaining, and never demeaning film. The way that the father protects  his son from not only the German hostilities, but the mental anguish of the  holocaust by creating a game is a stroke of genius! It is also a touching  story of true love that cannot be separated, and a friends betrayal. Is  there a sadder moment in cinema than when Begninni is approached by an old  friend, now a German officer, who thinks is about to help his family escape  the concentration camp in whic they are imprisoned, but instead only wants  answers to a puzzle? (long stroy, rent the film!)Even the climax, when the  Americans liberate the camp and Begninni's character is killed, you never  see his death, you only hear the shot! Beautiful! A great film and  deserving of all of its Oscar nominations!
B00003Q438|5.0|SO many things now adays come out with _Special Edition_ attached to their name and the end result is pretty anemic.<br />20th Century Fox, however, shows us with this DVD that a SPecial Edition can really be special. We get  a 60 Minute Documentary that is absolutely fantastic. We get the  screenplay. All sorts of concept art. But while all the above is great,  what really makes this DVD a truly special edition is the fact that it  contains both the Special Edition of _The Abyss_ as well as the original  version as it played in the Theatres. It is absolutely awesome to see the  Old version and compare it with the new.<br />The graphics have aged  incredibly well, in fact there are several Hi_Tech movies from 1999 that  looked more fake than _The Abyss_ .<br />The Story is pretty good, and the  first time you see it, the movie will keep you on the edge of your seat.  The enseble Cast is nothing short of astounding. <br />If you own a DVD player  you owe it to yourself to get this DVD.<br />Now if only Fox will do the same  thing for _Star Wars_ :-)
6305313687|3.0|I can't beleive that the people who saw this movie actually thought that  it was intense when it came to the violence perpetrated by skinheads on  their undeserving victims. I've seen better and more graphic in Romper  Stomper, and even on HBO's OZ. At best, this film reminded me more of a  watered down, made for tv movie. Don't get me wrong, Ed Norton was  wonderful ( but Oscar nomination?), and ed Furlong as the mimicking brother  was good as well. It's the story that bothered me. It lacked the blind  faith these Aryan crazies put into their cause. It also made them look like  more of a military unit instead of the disenfranchised,disillusioned  lunatic fringe that the skinheads are. It was also hard to beleive in  Norton's change of attitude when it came to his racial hatred. You're  trying to tell me that 20-30 odd years of being bred to hate can be  overcome by  the friendship of one black man during a short stretch in the  joint? C'mon. Too preachy.What was interesting, however, was the thinly  veiled portrayal by Stacy Keach of real life nut case John Metzger, who was  the subject of a lengthy and interesting article in Rolling Stone some  years back.He was the same tin-plated, racism spewing,&quot;kill em all if  thier not white&quot;, dictator wannabe that Keach plays very subtley.  Ultimately, the story is so thin and predictable that you can't help but  know the ending before the movie is halfway through.Never a good sign.
B00000K19E|5.0|Go See the Matrix, no two ways about it.<br />This is the second Greatest Science Fiction movie I have ever seen, the best being _Blade Runner_.<br />ANy Movie that can make Keanu Reeves look like a major asset as  an actor is just a perfect example of what a great director , an awesome  story and an excellent supporting Cast can do.<br />Laurence Fishburne is  nothing short of Awesome as he plays the role of Morpheous. <br />And the  villians make you feel like our hero's could actually lose, which is a nice  change of pace from so many recent Sci-Fi and Action movies.<br />The DVD  version is quite outstanding in it's own right. It has a bevy of features  that are great, and if you own a DVD-Rom drive you have some neat  additional features as well.<br />If you have a DVD player you need this  movie.
B00003CX5A|3.0|Although I did like Mars Attacks, critically it was a failure. Well Tim Burton (one of my favorite directors) more than makes up for it with this incredible film. Loosely based on the Legend of Sleepy Hollow, this film  not only has incredible effects and acting, but the twisted vision of the  classic as only Burton could see it! Johnny Depp (one of my favorite  actors) plays Crane, but as a constable and not a school teacher. Also gone  is the traditional love story from the original book. However, Burton does  explore the origins of the Headless Horesman, played wonderfully by the  disturbed Christopher Walken. It all takes place in a dark, atmospheric  landscape that I thought only able to exsist in Burtons animated  films!Again, the always loyal to his friends director employs Depp (edward  Scissor Hands,Ed Wood), Christopher Walken (Batman Returns)and a number of  actors as the town elders who have appeared breifly in other Burton films.  Usually, I like a director to branch out &amp; use different actors, but  when you have such a winning combination, in conjunction with one of my  indie faves Christina Ricci, why tamper with perfection?  Most professional  critics overlooked Burton's deviation from the classic story because the  resulting film was so good, and I beleive that you should, too. I did, and  was thoroughly engrossed by the picture!
1558908455|1.0|We have an absolutely great premise, A group of people thrown together trying to survive an attack from vampires. Hackneyed sure, but a great director and a good script write could make it something very interesting.  Alas while some people seem to think Quentin Tarantino is the second coming  of Hitchcock, but this movie does nothing to help anyone think this is the  case. The movie is just bad. Bad directing, bad writing, just bad.
078401213X|4.0|When PI was released, the only theatre that carried it in Philliy was the Ritz, a small art film house. When it finally came around to home video, I rented it and was blown away! How could this film not get national  attention? Was it because it was in b&amp;w? Was it because the actors were  basically unknowns? I don't think so, as so many famous movies have met the  same criteria. I beleive that it was the general, cerebral plot that  confused audiences and kept general theatres from playing this movie  nationally. It is one of the most evocotive, intense stories I've seen in  quite a long time. As the main character is drawn into this crazy  mathematical world of trying to solve the equation of PI, he systematically  withdraws from the world and descends into madness, much like Max Von Sydow  as the tortured artist in Hour of the Wolf.His only tie to reality is his  role model/mentor, an old mathematician who realizes in his twilight years  that he has squandered most of his life away trying to solve the unsolvable  problem of computing PI. He seems to want to save the main character from  ruining his life in the same fruitless pursuit;or is that really the  reason? The next stage in the story is why this film only gets 4 stars. It  turns out that in trying to decipher PI, the man comes across a repeated  pattern in the mathematical solution that could hold the real meaning of  biblical scriptures! Thus he is caught up in a war between 2 factions; one  that wants the solution and another that wants it supressed.It becomes a  cool X-Files type story, but deviates from what I thought was going to be a  movie strictly about the psychological breakdown of a man obsessed, which  would have made for just an equally engaging film! Still, this flick is top  notch! FYI- if you liked the film and the idea of the mathematical formula  which deciphers scripture, then I recommend you buy or borrow from the  library a book called The Bible Code.If I didn't know better, I wouldthink  that the producer of this movie had read it, and based his entire script on  it!
B000001ESP|5.0|Any Rush fan, well rock fan come to think of it,  must own Moving Pictures, one of the finest hard rock albums of all time.  Released when the band were at their prime musically and commercially,  it brilliants  combines the changing musical style of the early 80's (the new wave  'electro' sound) with their distinctive hard rock sound.  'Tom Sawyer' is  an all-time classic (I swear Geddy plays a Rickenbacker bass on this track,  but apparently not),  the production is near perfect, and Alex doesn't push  the boat out too far with his guitar playing,   showing you don't need  complicated complex solos and arrangements to write good music.    Neil's  drumming is as good as its ever been,  he is quite simply the finest ever  at his trade,  and makes it look so easy!   His lyrics aren't too bad  either! And what about Geddy?  In my opinion an examplary musician, the  best bass player of all and distinctive voice to boot. Lyrical content  includes 'the cultural and social impact of the car and its metaphor for  freedom and sexuality' in 'Red Barchetta' (Neil's words not mine!),  the  medias role in society ('The Camera Eye'),  the pressures and excitement of  the 'Limelight' and the part that 'ignorance and prejudice' plays in  peoples lives ('Witch Hunt'). A near-perfect album which has deservedly  achieved quadruple-platinum status in the US, showing that high-quality  music is very much appreciated in a very fickle industry.   Geddy, Alex and  Neil are the finest trio of all,  and one of the best-selling bands of all  time.   Westlife,  hang your heads in shame!
0380730367|5.0|Maybe it's just me, but I read this book twice. Started it the second time at the same reading when I first finished it. My only regret is that I lent it to a friend and will probably never see it again. The writing has a very  cool style, with spunk, good description and a wonderful, wonderful set of  characters. I preferred it to my first of Lehane's - Gone Baby Gone -  because GBG was just a bit grisly for my taste (still, well worth reading).  My favorite character, aside from the protagonist, is Bubba. What a  creation! Finally I've found another series to enjoy as much if not more  than Block's Matthew Scudder.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is by far the best album I own! Its so genius, great, the lyrics, guitars, vocals the lot. My fave song is What's my age again but I really love all of the songs!
6305079900|5.0|'The Terminator' is a timely reminder that, once upon a time, Arnold Schwarzenegger was *way cool*, and that James Cameron was also similarly respected ('Aliens' is still the definitive Cameron film, though). Cast to  perfection, Schwarzenegger dominates the film to such a degree that the  hero, Michael Bhen, is totally overwhelmed. It's a very 1984 film - the  action is extremely violent, the music is done with synths, and the bad guy  carries an Uzi (the 'trendy movie bad guy firearm' for much of the 80's),  but it hasn't dated too badly, as it's clear set in 1984 and works as a  period piece.<br />It's a model of how to make an action film, and how  sometimes a bigger budget and more time can make a film worse. Initially,  it sets up a complex, engaging plot in a few scenes. It then develops the  plot with the minimum of fuss, moving swiftly through a mid-section that  doesn't really pause for breath, before a striking climax and a neat,  thoughtful ending. Not a scene is wasted, and not a penny is spent  unwisely.<br />Working on a tiny, 5 million dollar budget, Cameron keeps the  effects short and sweet, and with minimal publicity and no real stars, the  film must have been an unexpected surprised for the people of  1984.<br />Schwarzenegger's salary for Terminator 2 was twice the entire  budget of this film, despite which the sequel is inferior - bigger, more  impressive to look at, but slower and clunkier, and with a horribly dull  bit in the middle that a younger Cameron would have erased.<br />All in all  this is a classic piece of US cinema, and should be in your collection.
B00004SPRN|5.0|This is a beautiful peice of work.  Every song is honest, introspective and delivered with a purity that only Neil Young can reproduce.  Neil is wearing his heart on his sleave and sounds great.  Lyrics and music are  both fabulous.  <br />Buy this, you wont be disappointed.
0783226063|4.0|Part of Dino De Laurentis' legacy of expensive, well-mounted flops, 'Dune' is perversely likeable. One the one hand, the adaptation of the book attempts to retain all of the characters and background, and lots of  unnecessary detail, whilst condensing the events - leading to a terrible  mess of voice-overs, backstory, and unintroduced characters who appear  briefly and then vanish. Patrick Stewart is wasted in this manner, and any  film that wastes Patrick Stewart has something badly wrong with it.<br />With  a simple story buried in a mass of picky detail, audiences were baffled.  However, if you're unfamiliar with the novel, the film almost works as  sheer spectacle, and has moments of grandeur that make you want to forgive  it. As the lead character, Kyle McLachlan is fine, and the actors involved  are all professionals, even if they don't get much time to do their thing.  Best of all, Francisca Annis gets to run around in a tight-fitting leather  outfit. This is a definite plus point. Another plus point is the 'look' -  the visual style is extraordinary, and it obviously cost a pretty penny -  after negative reviews that was how the film was sold. The evocation of  high society circa 10,991 hasn't dated in the slightest, and the effects  and 'look' are stunning. This was Lynch's only big-budget effects movie  (after the success of 'The Elephant Man' and the notoriety of 'Eraserhead'  he was seen as a kind of Terry Gilliam), and it shows.<br />The music is  excellent, too - although Toto were the blandest band in the world, the  soundtrack mixes ambient washes and soaring orchestrals to great effect.  The sense of being on a purely desert world is palpable, and the Spice  Worms are everything that could have been expected. The personal shield  effects are extremely impressive, too, especially given that they aren't  CGI.<br />All in all, imagine the bible condensed down to two hours, with  striking sound and vision, and you have it.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This is an excellent rendition of the classic early American folk tale. I wish all fiction could be brought to life with such style and attention to detail!
B0000027D5|5.0|Santana Rocks&amp;Grooves all thru this.The Music Cover a Wide Spectrum of Styles&amp;Feels.Hearing it on the Stage takes it too ANother Level all together.The Band Sounds Really Strong.Very Essential Jamming.
0316777722|4.0|I agree with most of the enthusiastic comments below -- the pieces, especially the ones on living in France, are hilarious.  I found myself guffawing loudly, despite my best efforts, while reading this book in a  &quot;quiet&quot; academic study space.  The glares were worth it.  Still,  it seems here that Sedaris is repeating himself.  The material on his  father is more than reminiscent of the stuff in _Naked_ (a wonderful  boook), and, more seriously, it seems at times that Sedaris is looking for  quirky situations to write about, and stretching them out to make an  interesting tale.  The stretchmarks are evident, and the result is an  unfortunate sense of contrivance.  This peeks in at the ends of several  stories (his wrap-ups here are substandard), and it is most clear in the  piece about the woman trapped in the amusement park ride.  This problem  emerged only briefly at the end of _Naked_, in the nudist camp sequence,  which felt to me like a mission in search of weirdness without enough  self-reflection about Sedaris's own position.  I'd like to see Sedaris  break out into a longer form, either in fiction or non-fiction, something  more sustained and requiring a more concentrated effort of his brilliant  comedic talent.  This is, overall, deeply pleasureful to read: it would  make a fine Father's Day gift for an open-minded dad.
B00004T9UF|1.0|Eminem is Good for a Laugh I'll Give Him that&amp;the Dissing was On Point at Certain Artists.The Music&amp;Production is ALright.but Overall it's One Big Joke.He is Mainly Around For Shock Value which gets old Pretty fast.I  Really Dug The Real Slim Shady but I Don't really feel the other Tracks.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Another cd filled with pointless songs; each of them all sound the same and do not stand out among the countless songs created by the young girl singers of today.  Britney Spear's voice holds no appeal; she has a small  range and cannot even hit a note in a clean mannor.  Instead she growls up  to every note.  She is receiving attention for writing &quot;Dear  Diary&quot;; for one, she only co-wrote it and it is not a song that you  should like to brag about.  This cd is absolutely terrible and  disappointing; when is there going to be a 18 year old girl who can  actually sing?
0671027344|5.0|I read this book after I bought it from amazon .com and no one said he was psycho ! He's psycho . The poor kid is incredibly intelligent  but  I  mean  what  he  went  threw  as  a  child  I  think  traumatized  him . It   reminded  me  a  little  to  much  of  the  cathcer  in  the  rye  at  the   end . I  dunno . . . I  loved  it  , and  I  love  the  catcher  in  the   rye which  was  funny  because  he  read  it . So  anyway , it  was  a   good  book  though .
B000002H2H|5.0|I really liked this CD.  The best songs are &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;, &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;, &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot;, &quot;Creeping Death&quot;,  and &quot;The Call of the  Ktulu&quot;.  This is some of the best metal music out there.  Much better  than N'Sync and other talentless morons spewing up words that they didn't  even write, let alone comprehend.  Metallica aren't a bunch of posers who  can dance; they are cool.
B000002ULO|4.0|Paul Mccartney is Without A Doubt One Of The Greatest Talents The Music World had Ever Known.&amp; it was Really Cool that He came Back with this Good Disc.I really Enjoyed The Production&amp;Arrangements.I dug The World  Tonight.but Beautiful Night was a Wonderful Song.I also I enjoyed the title  Track.this was a Album Of Mccartney Looking Back&amp;Ahead.also a Great  Tribute Too His Wife Linda.She was The World Too Him&amp;it was Reflected  Nicely here.SIR MCCARTNEY is A Genius.
B000000XB9|5.0|This CD brings us with some of the best nuggets of American folk, rock, R&amp;B, ever. I grew up listening to CCR in the early Seventies. Back then, their music would sound just great to me. Today, I feel really happy  to have my children listening to this masterpiece and regarding it as just  great as well. This album managed to bring together the best of CCR, and  make me long for that time, when a rock band would turn me on and on. This  CD represents one example of what has musically been the best in my  generation.
B00004SCX6|1.0|she only has one good song the rest is no good.
0380788624|5.0|In 1942, the US Navy assigns Captain Lawrence Pritchard Waterhouse to Detachment 2702 in Bletchley Park, England, home of the Allies cryptography team. The Axis' codes have been previously broken. Thus, the job of this  top-secret team is to keep the Nazis in the dark that the Allies know the  deepest military secrets of Germany and Japan and use the information to  maximize the war effort. Heading up the effort is US Marine Bobby  Shaftoe.<br /><br />In the present time, Lawrence's grandson Randy Waterhouse has  inherited the family's brilliant math gene. Using computers, he, like his  grandfather is a cryptographic expert. Working in Southeast Asia, Randy is  developing an encrypted massive data warehouse to keep out corporate and  government spies. Randy works with Bobby's granddaughter Amy. However, as  the present ties back to the past, everyone wants to either steal or shut  down the efforts of Randy and Amy.<br /><br />The mind-boggling CRYPTONOMICON  shows why Neal Stephenson is both a New York Times best selling author and  a cult hero. The story line is actually two major plots that fully tie  together in spite of the fifty plus years' difference. The characters feel  genuine and the audience will root for Randy to best his opponents.  However, this opus belongs to cryptography, which takes on an identity of  its own. Although the depth of detail might turn off some readers, as at  times it becomes difficult for those of us who think math is a second  language to fully understand the coding provided by Mr. Stephenson, the  fabulous novel remains fast-paced and exciting. Readers will devour the  tale, codes and all. Set aside several days and enjoy the best  cryptographic-based tale since Poe's Gold Bug introduced the concept to  literature.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
B00004T9UF|5.0|My god ! I thought I was going to be dissappointed with this cd because I thought it wouldn't live up to the first one but I was wrong! It was da BEST  cd  ever . My  favorite  songs  would  have  to  be  Kim , Stan , and   Marshal Mathers . He is who he is , and people  look down on him because  he says it how it is . I think he's got more nerve then anyone in the music  industry right now . He's da bomb !
B00004T9UF|5.0|This cd is the greatest of 2000 and maybe the best in a long while.  Eminem has surpassed and demolished all of the boy and girl bands that he makes fun of.  This album is great.  Stan is a track that will stick in  your head forever.  Kim is a track that will take you to the brink of  insanity. Eminem, you have created a masterpiece for years to come.
B00002MZ12|5.0|if you enjoy listening to good music, and you liked Alanis Morissette's earlier albums; this is simply a 'must-have'. This cd is sort of a mix of all her earlier work; it's very cozy, not at all like it's beeing performed  in front of hundreds of people; which it is. The vocals are absolutely  stunning; the music is great; OWN THIS CD!
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is a masterpiece. I don't say that lightly, Adams put so much into this story (even the chapter titles are thought-provoking &quot;Like Trees in November&quot;).<br />It is easy to dismiss this as a  children's book about rabbits. It is about rabbits, but its not just for  children. A great deal of thought and research went into this novel. The  rabbits are seen as distinct individuals--whom we can relate to and share  in their sorrows and triumphs. I cried. I got angry. I cheered for them. It  is rare for a book to fully capture my emotions in that way.<br />The reader  is immersed in their culture, motivations, and language. The folk tales  which form the basis for their mythology and spirituality could stand on  their own, as is the case with, &quot;The Story of Rowsby Woof and the  Fairy Wogdog&quot;.<br />The rabbits are presented with many obstacles, not  the least of which, is one of the great unrecognized villans of literature,  General Woundwort, leader of Efrafa.<br />This book works on so many levels.  It would be a shame if you missed out because you thought it was just a  children's book. This is a book suitable to be read and re-read throughout  your life.
B00000K3D4|5.0|This movie is a timeless classic.  I first saw it on its theatrical release and still love it as much now as I did then.  Its fantastic characters and enchanting sets make this a beatiful and magical tale, which  could only be created by the artistic genius of Jim Henson's workshop. Now  with this Dvd release, the film has been given a new lease of energy.  The  improved picture quality really emphasises the films gorgeous colors,  really bringing to life the action. The script is blessed with the fantasy  of the 'Dark Crystal' (an equally brilliant movie) but  with the added  mayhem of the Muppet show,it is far more more light hearted.  <br />As is  standard with Jim Henson movies, there is a wonderful mixture of  characters, which interact together brilliantly.  The acting may not be the  best, but it is important to remember that Jennifer Connelly who plays  Sarah (the lead character)was only 14 when she made this movie and is  having to act with puppets which can't be easy. The great David Bowie gives  a convincig performance as the goblin king, providing musical interludes,  which admittedly, I found somewhat tedious as a youngster but enjoy now.   All the elements blend to make a lively, innocent adventure movie which  will be enjoyed by all ages.<br />The Dvd also provides a wonderful trove of  extras, including a delightful 'making of' documentary which gives some  really interesting insights to the movies creation.
B000003TA4|3.0|It wasn't this album that save the rock world it was thap prep song smells like teen spirit and from Kurts point of view he diddn't like that song one time at a concert he played the first part of it (right when the drums  kicked in) he quit said &quot;i dont guess we will play that tonight&quot;  and walked off stage. in fact kurt diddnt even own a copy of this album he  diddn't like it i'd say buy in utero insted its a better album. I am a huge  nirvana fan don't get me wrong but i diddn't like teen spirit like alot of  other nirvana fans there r some good songs like lithium and all the other  songs on this cd but all you hear is smells like teen spitit this and teen  spirit that... its not the only song on this cd all the other ones are  better.
6305784116|4.0|Considering Disney's recent track record, it would appear that they think the average kid is maturing faster than before. Thus, they seem to put out movies that are dark and inappropriate for the average kid. The only  exceptions to this trend are the wonderful Toy Story movies and A Bug's  Life. Flash back a decade or two, and you'll find a different Disney, a  Disney that made movies everybody could enjoy. Aristocats comes from that  era. True the animation from this decade is weak, and the story loses a few  points in some areas. The villain is also quite tame. All of that, however,  disappears under the movie's charm, upbeat attitude, and general fun. It's  certainly more fun than Hercules. People looking for something intense  should avoid this. Families with small children and those who love adorable  cats will love this movie. From this era, I also recommend Robin Hood. As  I've said before, you just can't beat old school Disney.
0670880728|4.0|Loved the audio version of this book. Plan on recommending this to good friends.Husband broke out in laughter while over hearing part of this book. Wonder how soon this will be a film and who will play Bridget. Can't wait.
B00004T9UF|3.0|I'm not denying Eminem has skills to a certain level, but really. Once you get passed the funny lines, what's left? He has very little substance as far as lyrics go. Pretty much a one-dimensional MC. On &quot;The Marshall  Mathers LP,&quot; you'll find many stabs at groups such as Backstreet Boys,  N'Stynk, I mean N'Sync, ICP, etc, as well as Britney Spears and the rest of  the pop girl bands &amp; boy bands. He gets his point across, and sure it's  funny....to a certain extent. To me, an album like this consisting of  comedy is good for two or three listens. You'll be laughing listening to it  the first few times, but by the fourth time through, you'll take it out and  before you know it there's dust gathering on the cover.<br /> His one real  attempt to stray away from the funnyness is &quot;Stan,&quot; a story about  a crazed fan who is suicidal cuz he can't be with his idol, Eminem. This  would be a very-well constructed story except for one thing--the first  verse doesn't rhyme at all. Still, it may be the best track on the album  simply because it's a breath of fresh air from all the crazy lyrics and  misguided flows. Speaking of misguided flows, his attempts at switching up  his flow on a few tracks are all-out wack. He sounds like nothing more than  a whiteboy tryin to sound hard.<br /> &quot;Kim&quot; is just loud  noise--pointless. &quot;B**ch Please 2&quot; doesn't match up to the  original. &quot;Real Slim Shady,&quot; well, at one time that might've been  a pretty good track, but after gettin drug through the mud by MTV, now it's  just 'blah.' And &quot;Amityville&quot; has to be one of the lousiest  tracks I've heard in a long time.<br /> Hidden amongst the mediocre are a few  more standout tracks, namely &quot;Kill You&quot; and &quot;Marshall  Mathers.&quot; But those fail to push this album above &quot;average&quot;  status.<br /> I am not an Eminem hater (why would I have bought this album  if I was?). But, to truly be considered a great MC, you have to come with  more SUBSTANCE than just funny lines. Take an artist like Mos Def for  example. He produces, he writes meaningful, poignant lyrics, and he has the  creativity to do a great song about plain old water. That's the sign of a  truly great MC. Maybe on his next album, Eminem will try to push his limit  and step his substance-level up significantly. But as far as &quot;The  Marshall Mathers LP&quot; goes, he fails to capture and HOLD the attention  of the listener.come with  more SUBSTANCE than just funny lines. Take an artist like Mos Def for  example. He produces, he writes meaningful, poignant lyrics, and he has the  creativity to do a great song about plain old water. That's the sign of a  truly great MC. Maybe on his next album, Eminem will try to push his limit  and step his substance-level up significantly. But as far as &quot;The  Marshall Mathers LP&quot; goes, he fails to capture and HOLD the attention  of the listener.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Everyone was anticipating a good album but was saying &quot;well can it measure up to Ten and No Code&quot;. I guess their question is answered. Not only does Binaural match any other Pearl JaM production so far, it  makes me and some other die hards PJ fans question if it surpasses any  other PJ masterpiece. From the vocal showcase &quot;Nothing As It  Seems&quot; to the mind blowing &quot;Insignifigance&quot; Binaural covers  any kind of style a fan of music in general could ask for. Buy this album.  Now. You'll be kicking yourself if you dont. later.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This new Red Hot Chili Peppers Album is one of their best albums.  The band is truly an amazing band with tons of talent and you realize this when you listen to this album.  If you have heard Red Hot Chili Peppers and you  have not heard this album, you haven't heard anything!
6300214753|5.0|Matthew Broderick's hit.  The movie that made Matthew Broderick a star.   Screw that, this is one of the best movies to come out of the 80s.   Although little kids may not like it, its great for older kids and adults  alike.  Ever high school kid wants to fake sick, turn the principal into a  buffoon, and go on a day of fun in the big city.<br />Ferris Bueller was a God  in the movie and for a while, he was a God to kids all over America.
B00000255X|3.0|Although I am a huge Bob Dylan fan, I don't think this is one of his best CDs.  I started off with Time out of Mind, and was struck by the tragedy of it, but after listening to the absolutely beautiful &quot;Sara&quot; I can  start to understand.  Also, &quot;Hurricane&quot; is another classic, but  the rest of the CD, to me, is forgettable.
B000001FDI|5.0|The Blind Faith album is one of that rare breed which is actually little known (partly because it was a one-off record from a one-off grouping of musicians) but which has been tremendously influential, and seems as fresh  as ever - rather surprisingly given the pretty awful standard of recording  and the fact that it is now over 30 years old.<br />What a &quot;one-off&quot;  it is, though! Every track works; nothing is pretentious or overblown, and  songs like &quot;Can't Find My Way home&quot; are so achingly good that if  Steve Winwood had never sung another note it just wouldn't matter. He'd  made this music, and this legacy alone was enough to justify a whole  career.<br />This CD is the one to save when the house burns down, the one to  take to the desert island, the one to put in an earth capsule to be opened  by future generations wondering whether these primative men had had any  culture. And I'm so glad that the enigmatic cover illustration remains  intact after all these years, even though in too many countries the image  is censored in some mindless way or other....
6303921248|5.0|I don't think any other actor will be capable of convincing me he is Fitzwilliam Darcy after seeing Colin Firth play him in this boxed video set.  And Darcy is everything to Pride And Prejudice.  All other aspects to  the production are also superb but whoever made this understood getting  Darcy right was the key to every woman's heart. Laurence Olivier, move  over; Firth knocked you off of your Darcy chariot in the much older film  version!<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B000002WYT|5.0|Ah, Dave Matthews Band. The amazing blend of jazz, rock, and folk that spins together to create a sound all their own. A group that you listen to on a rainy day ( I do at least ). All these and more describe 'Crash' the  second album from DMB. I can never say enough about this album. It's  soothing and adrenaline rushing all at once. I must say I recommend this  one more than the rather awful ( although nothing by them is ) 'Before  These Crowded Streets'. DMB has always been one of the most original and  fun bands to listen to for me. Dave's voice is so strangely scratchy and  melodic and the band plays their insturments so inticingly well that it's  hard not to want to pick this one up! Some of the standout tracks, besides  the inevitable 'Crash Into Me' are : 'Cry Freedom', '#41', 'Say Goodbye',  'Let You Down', and 'Lie In Our Graves'. But they're all good! So pick up  this CD, believe me, you'll definately be a permanent fan!
B000002KOG|4.0|Neil Young's first solo album sounds polished and even slightly precious--which makes it the most atypical in his entire career, with the possible exception of &quot;Harvest&quot;.  As noted, it is basically an  extension of his work with the Springfield, with the low key acoustic  ballads up front and center.  &quot;The Loner&quot; is the only break in  this and has since become a concert standard.  That song, along with  &quot;The Old Laughing Lady&quot; are the two highlights of the album and  dutifully appear on &quot;Decade&quot;; however, the album's other main  centerpiece is its final cut &quot;Last Trip To Tulsa&quot;--a long,  meditative lyric which subverts the wide-eyed romanticism of what came  before and that as ever reveals him as Mr.Quirky.  Rust on!
B00003CWL5|2.0|I rented this movie expecting an insightful piece commenting on the state of American suburbia.  Instead I wasted 2 hours of my evening watching an average piece of drivel not really worthy of my time.  I am not complaining  about the portrayal of underage sex or the use of drugs or even the fact  that Hollywood portrays every ex military person as a closet homosexual  homophobic.  That is so common in movies today that it doesn't really  affect me.  What bothered me is that the script was so contrived and  formulaic.  I have heard so much about the beauty of the words and the  complexity of the story and how you don't see the end coming.  Please, you  know at the beginning that he is going to be dead and you know that the  killer will either be his neurotic wife or the psychotic marine next door.   And the phrases that I hear everyone quoting sound like they came off an  Oprah episode or a Hallmark card.  Kevin Spacey and Annette Benning did  give excellent performances and I did find myself laughing at parts of the  movie.  If this movie hadn't won Best Picture and Best Screenplay, I might  be a little more lenient with my criticism.
B00000JQFL|5.0|As fine as their four previous studio albums had been, Earth Wind And Fire were clearly on fire as a live act, as evidenced on &quot;Gratitude&quot;. Recorded during the first rush of megastardom that greeted &quot;That's The  Way Of The World&quot;, the live portion of the album catches them playing  raw but tight, stretching out the solos and arrangements and adding in  several delightful new songs (&quot;Sun Goddess&quot;, &quot;New  World  Symphony&quot;) of a progressive nature.  Taken as a whole, these tracks  are the definitive  versions and show that the band was as strong  instrumentally as it was vocally (Philip Bailey is in awe-inspiring form  here).  However, as  perfect as it is, the live portion also sadly sums up  the best era of the group's long career--with the five new studio tracks  hinting at the increased slickness and commercialism of what was to follow.   Still, &quot;Sunshine&quot; and &quot;Can't Hide Love&quot; are good  songs.  On the strength of these and of course the live stuff, I would  recommend &quot;Gratitude&quot; as the best starting point for those  wanting to get into the group.
B000002J2D|3.0|So long, Steve Hackett.  Hello, pop music.  And Then There Were Three marks the emergence of Genesis as a pop rock band.  But the album suffers with the absence of Steve Hackett--an absence Genesis recovered from fully  over the next two albums (Duke and Abacab).  As a result the arrangements  sound a bit hollow.  I also don't particularly care for the engineering on  this album--it sounds overly compressed (Duke was the same way).  Good for  radio, not necessarily good for headphones or speakers.  Perhaps the  remastered version addresses this--I still have just the older CD.<br />And  Then There Were Three remains a transitional album.  Its hit, Follow You  Follow Me, is an indication of how the group would soon master the art of  writing catchy yet individualistic pop songs.  <br />Speaking of Follow You  Follow Me, the one thing that I find intriguing about the arrangement is  Tony Banks overtly doubling the lead vocal in the chorus with his  synthesizer.  Now THAT is unusual.  One wonders if Banks composed the  melody for the chorus and laid the synthesizer part down as a guide for  Collins, intending to delete it later but leaving it in after realizing it  sounded cool.
B00003CX59|5.0|Sure, a lot of Sleepy Hollow is eye candy. But it was a fun movie to watch, and was well acted. The suspense was great, and I kept on guessing until the end who the true villian was. Plus, it seemed pretty historically accurate, too, as far as scenary and costumes went. I highly reccomend this to horror fans. A great scary movie!
B000002J2F|4.0|Not far from being a great Genesis album, Duke is nonetheless a very good one.  The group moved farther into the pop domain and began to see some serious mainstream American success.<br />The engineer compressed the  daylights out of this album.  It annoys the heck out of me to hear overt  ducking on a CD!  In the vinyl days, compression was essential for long  albums like this one--otherwise you run out of groove space.  And it sounds  fine on the radio.  But it doesn't do anything for listening on headphones  or good speakers.  I don't know whether the compression was addressed in  the remaster or not--I haven't bought a new copy.  (Yet.)<br />The coolest  thing about this album is that it contains the ONLY pop song that I've ever  heard on the radio in 13 meter.  That's right--part of Turn It on Again is  in 13/4.  Who'd a thunk it.
B00004RF8J|5.0|Well, after the fiasco of the original release we've had to wait a long time for the DVD to resurface but at last it has. Despite it now not containing the legendary alternate ending (which by the way is extremely  spectacular to say the least !) it is still one fantastic disc and far more  than we could have hoped for. When flms of this age get released we are  usually lucky to get a trailer and so on this disc we are completely  spoiled. Not only does the film look and sound superb but we've got  trailers, tv spots, a fascinating full length commentary by Frank Oz, a 23  minute featurette and some very funny outtakes. You don't need me to tell  you the plot of the film - so I won't ! This is my favourite film of all  time and Warners have released a disc that is a pleasure to own. Thanks !  And for the record I would like to say that despite the cost the right  decision was made to reshoot a happy ending. This is an amazing disc at an  amazing price - why haven't you bought it yet ?
B000002J2B|3.0|Wind and Wuthering is not that bad, really.  But it's one of the two weak transitional albums between Trick of the Tail and Abacab.  Wind and Wuthering attempts to be the same kind of concept-driven excursion into  fantasy that Trick of the Tail was, but the edge isn't there.  Nor, really,  is a whole lot that's new.  The album seems to get lost and dawdle a bit,  especially in the longer pieces--whose lyrics are on the sappy side.<br />Wind  and Wuthering is a decent musical effort, but it comes up on my  &quot;Genesis play list&quot; very infrequently.  I'm not saying you  shouldn't own it.  For fans of traditional Genesis, it beats the heck out  of the latest whatever it is that they're doing now.
0446677450|1.0|The premise of the book relates to how &quot;rich&quot; people view employment vs. how middle class individuals view it.<br />The author would have you believe that the only way to amass a small fortune is to own a  business, preferably a corporation.  While it is true that many people  become millionaires by running small corporations (which they own  themselves)- quite often these people end up in early graves by working  themselves to death.  He fails to mention that 4/5 of all businesses crater  in the first 3 yrs.<br />The book discounts the concept that education is  very, very expensive - keeping young people fresh out of college and grad  school at a disadvantage for several years while they pay off rather large  debts.  And yet, the greatest investment a person can make is in himself,  or herself.<br />The author fails to note that &quot;self-made&quot;  professionals who pay for college and advanced degrees do very very well  economically - without the hassle of owning businesses, managing lots of  people, etc.<br />And, lets face it - some people just don't want to kill  themselves building a business when they can enjoy all the fine things in  life by being professionals of one kind or another.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This is a really, really phat CD. If you appreciate R&amp;B and a little bit of hip-hop flavor thrown in (like TLC, Destiny's Child, Mariah, Brandy) then rush out to the record store and pick this shining pink gem up. It's  jam-packed with amazing and crafty beats... &quot;There You Go&quot; was  produced by She'kspere, who also did &quot;No Scrubs&quot; and &quot;Bills,  Bills, Bills.&quot; But &quot;There You Go&quot; is a lot better. There's  also songs by Babyface (&quot;Most Girls&quot; which is the second best  song) and Darryl Simmons and the guys from 112. Top songs are &quot;There  You Go&quot;, &quot;Most Girls&quot;, &quot;Hell Wit Ya&quot;, &quot;You  Make Me Sick&quot; and &quot;Hiccup.&quot; If you own any CDs from TLC,  Destiny's Child, Mariah, or anybody else  hip-hop, you must buy Pink's  &quot;Cant Take Me Home&quot;!
B00003CX5A|5.0|Tim Burton's latest film plays more like an action movie than a horror but is so stylish and exciting it makes for an excellant movie.<br />Johnny Depp stars as a constable in New York sent to a little town by the name of  Sleepy Hollow. He is sent there to investigate a series of murders each  involving a dicapitation. He is quickly swept up into a world of ghouls,  witchcraft and conspiracy.<br />Depp is at his usual greatness playing the  very humourous Icabod Crane. He delevers lines with such greatness that he  plays there humour or seriousness perfectly. Ricci is also good as his love  interest.<br />But the real star is the Headless Horseman, who has to be one  of the coolest villians in movie history. He swings his sword so well and  has such a demenor about him that you can't help but sort of route for him.  And  in the flashbacks Christopher Walken has to be the most frightening  looking he has ever been.<br />So all in all, it is a well played, beautifully  directed and very exciting thriller which I would recommend to anybody, art  film lovers and blockbuster lovers alike.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I actually liked lisening to Pink even though the only type of this music I lisen to is from Mariah Carey or Toni Braxton and TLC. Well Pink has a really good voice and a lot of soul for a white girl. Her songs have a hip  hop feel to them like everybody says but some sound more like pop as well.  For example Split Personality&quot; sounds more pop and so does the  &quot;Hiccup&quot;. The more street hip hop type is &quot;You Make Me  Sick&quot; cuz it's really fast rapping coming from Pink and &quot;Is It  Love&quot; is good too. She's a great artist I think. Pink!
B00002SWQ1|5.0|Not their best album but all iron maiden albums get 5 stars from me.Futureal is fast and the clansman is timeless.Surely not as good as Brave new world which i recentely bought but definatly under rated and  worth the money.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I think that this cd was great! I enjoyed it, and I thought that it was good that one song was written by herself! It was fantastic , all of the songs are great to dance to or just to listen to!
1559409002|5.0|As the writer of the original film I must say how pleased I am with the expertese of the producer and technicians at the Criterion Collection who compiled and made this DVD version of the film.  I am especially delighted  to see my friend Herk Harvey's efforts so wonderfully preserved.       --John Clifford
B00003CWL5|5.0|I knew this film was going to be Oscar material when the lady sitting behind me in the theatre walked out in disgust due to the opening shower scene.The second clue was another lady who sat through the two hours plus  and was crying after the tragic finale ! This film (almost like no other)  has evoked various emotional responses in different people on all different  levels . This is the kind of writing and directing that is so profound it  leaves the viewer in almost a dazed state of awe. A film that can contain a  strong element of dark humor and biting sarcasm along with drama and  tragedy is a rare gem; American Beauty is this gem ! The reasons why some  viewers found this film so offensive was beacuse it either hit too close to  home or they have never come across anyone in their lives who were as human  as these characters. Just because the Joneses or the Smiths next door have  the &quot;American Dream&quot; does not mean that there were not certain  &quot;sacrifices&quot; made to achieve that dream. In other words, what  lengths do we as an American society go to to achieve the ideal American  financial and perfect family status. There is a difference between  sacrificing free weekends for overtime at a job to send your kids to  college versus sacrificing your morals or your mother to spite a famiy  member or acquaintance.The only other tongue-in-cheek message American  Beauty may emit is maybe we shouldn't get too friendly with our neighbors  !...<br />As for the abundance and wealth of talent, Spacey, Benning, and  Birch are the film's treasures as well. Well desrved Oscar Mr. Spacey.<br />If  you're looking for a film with a clean and traditional formualaic  story,predictable plot, and feel good ending--THIS IS NOT IT !
B000002U6E|5.0|Enigma does it again -- and much, much better than before -- with their second CD, The Cross of Changes. There's a haunting beauty that prevails throughout, like ghosts rising from the past, which matches their lyrics of  past oppressions and future rebirths. &quot;Return to Innocence&quot;, one  of the most popular songs of the genre, introduced me to this group, and I  must say it's an introduction I'm pleased to have made. &quot;Silent  Warrior&quot;, &quot;The Dream of the Dolphin&quot;, .. well, every track  is special in its own way, but those are two of the best. Enigma manages to  take Gregorian chant, synthesized music, keyboard, and poetry, and mix it  all together in such a way as to just flow with a beauty I haven't found  elsewhere -- even in their other albums. Of the four CDs and various other  assorted tracks I've heard from them, this album shines through as their  best.
B0000214F2|4.0|Patch Adams is a very entertaining movie with a serious message. While there are truly stupid scenes that aren't really necessary, the movie as a whole works.<br />Patch is a former mental patient who realizes his greatest  challenge is struggling to find meaning in his life.<br />After a  hospitalization, he decides he wants to devote his life to medicine.  Entering medical school in his mid-forties, he is certainly an anomaly  among the young fresh-faced first year medical students.<br />Adams is bright  and highly determined. He doesn't take everything the professors tell him  at face value but rather, as an intelligent student should, he questions.  In medical school, apparently this is not necessarily part of the pedagogy.  It  appears that what is taught is absolute gospel and no student has a  right to question it if they are going to make it through. Unfortunately,  this seems to be the way medical schools are run. In addition to imparting  knowledge, it seems that these schools are the forums in which ego manical  physicians have the opportunity to show how bright they are and to insult  and offend their students. A sad state of affairs.<br />Patch's questioning  often leads him off to do his own thing in wanting to learn to be the best  doctor possible. At one point, he is entertaining cancer stricken children  (against the Dean's warning to stay off the wards). At another point, he is  comforting a dying patient who is very bitter about the lousy cards life  has dealt him. These things get Patch in trouble despite the fact that they  earn him the admiration of the nurses and the patients with whom he comes  into contact. <br />Ultimately, it's Patch's creation of a communal care  center that gets him thrown out of medical school. <br />He enlists his  roommate (whom he formerly didn't get along with until the kid realized  Patch had something to offer) in helping him fight his expulsion.<br />A trial  is convened and the support for Patch by his fellow students, patients and  the nursing staff is in full evidennce. Nonetheless, he is up against a  formidible board of physicians (who's values he questions). <br />The outcome  is of course a happy one. Patch is reinstated and graduates. He goes on to  work full-time in his clinic helping people at no charge.<br />An  inspirational film with some minor character annoyances.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|well i dunno this cd kind of bleeds off to more rap than ever before. i think its a bit dry! the self-entitled RATM is probably the BEST cd they had ever came out with! so i recommend the self-entitled cd than this. i  give it 3 stars
B00001OH7V|5.0|Heroes is Truly Spectacular. Side 1 was so ahead of it's time that New bands of TODAY are taking Tracks from it! Heroes lyricaly is better than low, not instrumently though. Look at this Line Up!   David Bowie, Robert  Fripp, Brian Eno &amp; Carlos Aloamar it just does NOT get better than  That!  Now About those RykoDisc Bonus Tracks....Heroes only had 2 bonus  tracks...Ryko Added some Amazing Bonus tracks to David bowie Cd's, but  Heroes is not one of those, The Instrumental is too long and falls flat and  &quot;Helden&quot; is Heroes sung in German...Who Cares?. If you want some  Awesome Added bonus tracks check &quot;Scary Monsters&quot;,  &quot;Lodger&quot; &amp; &quot;Young Americans&quot;
078322737X|5.0|This is an awesome DVD. Best money I spent for a vid yet. Its worth the whole price tag just to see the documentary, and see the picture of the Modesto Newspaper where George Lucas ran his old drag car into a tree. I  can't believe the crash that guy had. Awesome movie, awesome quality, a  must buy for any kind of fan of this movie.
B00004S6GL|5.0|So, yeah, I blew my cover... I am not some Elliott Smith expert, but I know a good album when I hear one.  This album blew me away, a boy from my hometown that is amazing has been compared to Elliott Smith.  I have read  reviews of Elliott in the past and I heard &quot;Son of Sam&quot; on the  campus radio station and I fell in love... so I decided what the hell, I  didn't think that it was taking too much of a chance and boy was I right.   I couldn't get enough of his floaty lyrics and his beautiful voice that  floats into your ears in such a delicate manner.  I loved this album and it  makes me want more Elliott Smith...<br />I think what I have said is enough...  I give it five stars because it makes me feel happy. I give it five stars  becaue I can fall asleep in my living room on our couch listening to his  lullaby-like songs.  I give him five stars because everything about him and  this album is beautiful.<br />I am not sure if this is the best Elliott Smith  album, and I am not sure if this is the worst... but it is the only one  that I own and I am in love.  So if you are like me and know nothing about  Elliott Smith but know he was compared to some singer from a little Indie  Rock label from your hometown then listen to my advice... If you are like  me and cherish beautiful things in the world then listen to me... He offers  a lot, I am not sure if this is the best he has to offer.. but it is good  enough for me!
B00003CWL5|5.0|American Beauty is about Lestor, a 42 year old who thinks his life is being wasted, but things are starting to change in his life. American Beauty is an epic, comedy/drama that gets it right. This movie is full of  laughs, sex, compassion, and heart. Kevin Spacy and Annette Bening are  funny and spectacular. This is one movie that diserves to have an oscar and  be loved. There is alot of beauty in the world, and it's all in one film.  American Beauty is a great film that you'll love and cherish till the day  you'll die. But don't take my word for it, see it for your selves.....        <br />(It's hard to stay mad when there is so much beauty.)-Kevin Spacey
0792845684|5.0|Fans must have the DVD with all the footage. In the VHS Directors cut,  John talked about how Snake went to jail for trying to rob a futuristic  looking bank. It looked so cool! Please John, we must have a DVD loaded  with everything. As you can tell, all the fans think this movie is more  than deserving of it.
0064404994|5.0|This just has to be one of the best fantasy stories ever written , in one of the best series ever. I loved it when a first read it at 6 years old and still do now. I agree with those people who say the series should be read  with &quot;The Magician's Nephew&quot; as book 6 - luckily for me, even  though they'd rearranged the books by the time I read them (how idiotic) I  ended up reading them in the right order cos I couldn't find a copy of  &quot;The Magician's Nephew&quot; until after I read &quot;Voyage of the  Dawn Treader&quot;! I think there is a lot more feeling of things being  explained at the right times if the books are read in the order C S Lewis  intended them to be read in, but whatever order they're in, they all still  give an incredible feeling of magic waiting just round the corner. Even  though I'm old enough now to see the the religious allegory in the book,  I'd really rather not.It's a clever way of explaining Christianity to  children, but for me seeing it as a religious allegory takes a little of  the wonder away from it. It's still one of my all-time favourites though.
6305627347|5.0|Probably not for kids, nor for the pathologically self-righteous, I highly recommend &quot;South Park: Bigger, Longer, &amp; Uncut.&quot; Although laudable for its &quot;message&quot; against censorship, and for  criticizing parents who expect other institutions (the &quot;film  industry,&quot; the schools, etc.) to act in loco parentis, I doubt that  very many went to this movie for that reason. I know I went simply to see  the &quot;scamps&quot; in action on the large screen.<br />Because I did not  expect it, the film's musical format surprised me initially. However, I got  used to it, and ended up enjoying most of the songs. (As a side note, some  of the songs inexplicably disappeared for the soundtrack CD, making way for  ho-hum reinterpretations by other contemporary musical artists.) As a fan  of classical and opera, I appreciated the nods to Copland in &quot;Uncle  F**ka,&quot; the bacchanale from Saint-Saens' &quot;Samson et Delilah&quot;  in Saddam Hussein's love song to Satan, and the allusions to Wagner's old  warhorse &quot;Ride of the Valkyries&quot; during the Canadian Air Force  attack on the Baldwin brothers.<br />As another shock, we actually get to hear  the &quot;scamps&quot; say what we knew they were saying on the TV show,  but obfuscated by bleeps. Like what happened with the big censorship deal  involving this movie, life imitates art here. It was strange to finally  hear the boys actually speak the forbidden words and phrases, treating them  like sacred incantations upon hearing them in the Terrance and Phillip  movie. But like the musical format, I also got used to the lack of  censorious bleeps.<br />Not so surprising in this movie was the acerbic and  absurdist humor endemic to &quot;South Park.&quot; It's done on a much  grander scale, with more license than television would dare allow, with the  end result being quite effective. I laughed so hard I nearly dry-heaved  during some parts, including Terrance and Phillip's &quot;Uncle  F**ka&quot;; Cartman's ode to Kyle's mother; the sex-obsessed Saddam  Hussein's relentless pursuit of a sensitive Satan; and the WWII-like  anti-Canada propaganda film (sponsored by Snacky Smores!). But there are  too many to mention! <br />To those who have qualms about &quot;South  Park,&quot; whether based on heresay or the superficial belief that it's an  excuse for &quot;toilet humor,&quot; try to set them aside and judge this  movie based upon other merits. Fans of &quot;South Park&quot; don't obsess  on toilet humor (which would get real dull real fast), so why should its  detractors?
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is the perfect CD to listen to whenever you have the blues.  Most of the tracks are calm and relaxing.  Don't be tricked by the Bodyrock single, there's only a couple songs like that...  There are not many CDs out there  that actually leave you feeling changed and transformed.  This is one of  them.
0062502182|5.0|This book really changed my view of the world. I compared myself to the main character and I was amazed how much I was like him. The book really gets you thinking and is very inspirational to the people who read it. In a  way, it changed my life. The characters were amazing! This is literally the  best book I have ever read. Really! I highly reccomend this book.
B000002N2Z|5.0|This album is great! The lyrics on most of the songs are really emotional. Anyone who says Around the Fur was the better of the 2 needs to get their head checked. They are both equally brilliant. The Deftones will really wake you up! Their energy level is HUGE! Im going to die if i dont see them  in concert sometime soon. The mosh  pit would so intense...!
B000003EUL|5.0|I don't have sufficient words to praise this recording. It's just my favorite CD of all times.
B0000027DJ|5.0|This is without doubt my favourite alice cooper album - and also the only one in which I like ALL the songs. None of the songs made me think, &quot;Ahhhh, it's OK&quot; - all the songs were great. If I had to pick my  favourite, it would probably be &quot;Might as well be on mars&quot; but I  also love &quot;Feed my Frankenstein&quot; and &quot;Snakebite&quot;.  &quot;Burning out bed&quot; I like too, and &quot;Hey stoopid&quot;. Hey -  just get this album, OK?
0783235453|5.0|Audio Merits:10/10; Video Merits:8/10; Scenerio Merits:10/10; Cinematographic Merits:10/10; Musical Merits:10/10; Overall Artistic Performance:10/10; DVD Extras:7/10; Recording Total Quality: 10/10.  Professor's Recommendation: Apotheosis of Movies ever made
B00003CX5A|3.0|A gorgeous film with many wonderful actors, Sleepy Hollow is hindered by a mediocre script and a bit too much scenery-chewing from Johnny Depp.  Rent it for Halloween.
6305622957|5.0|Audio Merits:8/10; Video Merits:10/10; Scenario Merits:8/10; Cinematographic Merits:10/10; Musical Merits:8/10; Overall Artistic Performance:8/10; DVD Extras:7/10;Recording Total Quality:9/10 Professor's  Recommendation: A perfect representation of historical events on  cinematographic basis.
B00003CX5A|5.0|The year is 1799 and something is rotten in the small town of Sleepy Hollow in upstate New York; a ghostly night rider is on a rampage and heads are literally rolling all over the place.  In hot pursuit comes Ichabod  Crane, this time a bumbling constable from the big city instead of a  bumbling school teacher, who suspects that the otherworldly happenings have  a very worldly motive, and sets himself to root it out.  This time around,  the agent of death is no random killer; he's the pawn of an evil town  citizen with a definite profit motive in mind.  What makes this film really  work is the terrific, spooky atmosphere, from the marvelous opening credits  that swim eerily onto the screen and evanesce into ghostly nothingness, to  the dark and gloomy environs of Sleepy Hollow itself, with its haunted  forest and its crazily corkscrewed death tree, under which lie the heads of  the victims of the Headless Horseman.  Johnny Depp gives an excellent  performance as Ichabod Crane, and Christina Ricci makes a winning Katrina  Van Tassel.  The special effects are impressive, to say the least; imagine  a head spinning like a top on the neck from which it has just been sliced  off before landing on the ground and rolling several yards before coming to  a halt, with a look of horror frozen in perpetuity on its face.  Tim Burton  doesn't go for cheap thrills, though, and this is no slasher movie; it's an  interesting, stylish and enjoyable retelling of a 200 year old ghost story.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I'll keep it short, so here; The Marshall Mathers LP is the best hip hop/rap album you will hear this year. I know you see that all the time &quot;The best album ever&quot; and &quot;album of the year&quot; but just  take your time to see the genius behind the multiple personalities,  variations in emotions (from serious homophobia to slapstick insults  towards your MTV teen pop star) and you will agree with me. ... Dre's production is ominiscient with  each track and the lines Eminem spurls out rattles your mind. It's a worthy  LP, that deserves more effort than your typical Puffy/NAS (any other sell  out artists) album. So what are you waiting for? Buy this ... thing!
0783235380|4.0|&quot;Forces of Nature&quot;, interesting chemistry between two talented actors with a slightly above average love story.<br />I was first recommended the movie by a friend.  I guess many of us guys who plan to get married  should watch this movie because it does hit straight for your heart.<br />The  movie itself is not the greatest love story but it's nevertheless pretty  good.  I wondered before the movie on how the chemistry between Affleck and  Bullock would be and in my opinion the two did pretty well for their  characters. &amp;#63728;&amp;#63728; The movie showed a lot of colors but  many times it's dark.  I wonder why the director chose this and thus I wish  they added a director's commentary with this DVD.<br />According to the  booklet, this movie was shot before Affleck's popularity which was  interesting.  The special effects for the movie are well done and sound  good in your 5.1 digital surround system.  But where the movie is a little  above average and the sound and video well done (I noticed just a little  artifacts but nothing severe).<br />A letdown for the DVD was in the extras  department.  Hardly any.  But I have seen worse and I'm just glad they  included the deleted scenes, trailers and featurette.<br />The alternative  ending was quite interesting and I'm glad they left it out.  It would of  ruined the movie I think.<br />All in all, it's your average love story on DVD  but I give it a slightly above average rating for the twist and the ending.<br />For those who have friends who are thinking about marriage and thinks  about it continuously like I have, let your friend borrow the DVD or tell  him to buy it.  Because this movie in a way somewhat makes us evaluate our  own relationships.
6301969588|4.0|THIS FILM IS WEIRD IT'S NOT BAD AND NOT THAT GREAT IIT WAS AN OK MOVIE. BACLANOVA WAS SCARY AS THE HEN
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I remember when I first watched this movie, I loved it and in fact, I actually built a Ghostbusters contraption backpack using a vacuum cleaner, a match and a can of Lysol.  I don't recommend children doing this but the  point I'm getting at is that this movie is magical and many people at that  time loved it.<br />I can't believe how old this movie is...makes me feel old  but here I am with the DVD. I wondered how the DVD release would be and now  that I have it in my hands, this is out how I felt:<br />Good news DVD fans,  Columbia Pictures did a great job in delivering this movie on DVD and jam  packed it with a whole lot of extras.<br />The movie is digitally remastered  and watching it doesn't make you feel you are watching a movie over 15  years old.  The audio is good but I can't put into words of how happy I am  with this DVD because it's packed with so much that it will take me a long  time to go through all of it.  You get the video commentary of Ivan Reitman  and Harold Ramis which is awesome.  Storyboards, split-screen compare  (which is very cool!), production notes, conceptual drawings, deleted  scenes, featurettes from 1999 and from 1984, another documentary by the SFX  team, before and after multi-angle (which is very cool), trailers of not  just this movie but other Murray and Ramis films, subtitled production  notes, I can go on and on....this DVD is awesome!<br />The movie was  definitely a good SFX movie during it's time and I remember being amazed as  a kid on how they made this movie then.  It was eye-candy but also with a  cool storyline.<br />Also, an interesting part of the film is the  &quot;Mystery Science 3000&quot; shadows during the commentary.  Pretty  cool!<br />What you have here is one of the best made DVD's available at this  time.  Columbia/Tristar did a wonderful job and everyone involved with the  Ghostbuster project should be commended.<br />They talk about how to make  DVD's more purchasable than just for rent, if Columbia continues with  making DVD's like these, I'm buying all of them because this is purely one  of the best, complete package DVD's out there.<br />Also, the box set which  includes both movies is priced very well and I highly recommend buying the  box set.tinues with  making DVD's like these, I'm buying all of them because this is purely one  of the best, complete package DVD's out there.<br />Also, the box set which  includes both movies is priced very well and I highly recommend buying the  box set.
B00004T9UF|5.0|One of the most outstanding albums ever released!   trust me, this album is for people who like aggressive rap. The explicit lyrics steal the show!  MNM shows his real class in this album. He shows how he is one hell  of a maniac rapper. With good lyrics, and good rhymes, this CD with out a  doubt is the best hip-hop CD released this year. To end, I have only one  thing to say, that is JUST BUY IT!
0767836286|4.0|This movie is going to do things to you: 1) Really upset you or 2) Make you say &quot;This movie is like reality.  It makes you think...It can really happen.&quot;<br />I came out feeling both but I definitely lean more  towards #1.<br />Why?  Because you go to the movies to get away from reality  right?  But the director's intent was to show that things do happen in real  life and in reality and the heros doesn't always win.<br />The sound and  colors on the DVD are good but in terms of sound this movie is more of a  dialogue driven movie, so don't expect any major sound effects until the  action begins near the end of the movie.<br />As for extra's, there is the  commentary and the featurette which you may want to listen to and learn why  the director did what he did.  This is one shining point for why to buy the  DVD release.  After listening to the director explain his reasoning, the  movie made sense.<br />It's a good plot, don't get me wrong.  The movie has a  lot of action, it holds your attention throughout the movie.<br />Prepare for  a story that can be based on reality. I would give this movie an  average...C+ but I have to give the director credit for doing something  different and for NOT giving what audience are used to seeing.  But is  trying something different from the norm usually a good thing?  That's up  to youl.
B000002I57|5.0|This 1960 release does both Coltrane and vibist Jackson proud. Coltrane was considered at the time a &quot;New Wave&quot; proponent with his then-shocking &quot;sheets of sound&quot; vertical attack, while Jackson  was a bebop mainstay. On &quot;Bags and Trane&quot; they sound utterly at  ease with one another and produce some beautiful jazz.<br />At the core of the  album is the obvious respect that the two musicians had for one another.  Coltrane attacks more aggressively, but his hard-edged sound proves a  perfect foil for Jackson's mellow, ringing vibes. On &quot;The Night We  Called It a Day,&quot; you can hear how carefully they listened to each  other, one solo blending into the other without costing the tune a  beat.<br />Pianist Hank Jones, Jackson's Modern Jazz Quartet bandmate drummer  Connie Kay and longtime Trane collaborator bassist Paul Chambers solidify  the album. Jones, in particular, plays a wonderfully understated piano,  relying largely on space and single notes to deepen the contrast with  Trane's dense attack.<br />The CD adds tunes originally found on the vinyl  release &quot;The Coltrane Legacy,&quot; and the new material is a plus.  The ballad &quot;Stairway to the Stars&quot; offers a particularly poignant  turn by Coltrane, who isn't afraid to show his emotion, and  &quot;Centerpiece&quot; is a great mellow blues.<br />This album will be  rewarding to fans of Coltrane and Jackson alike. Best of all, if you're a  fan of both (like me), you'll get a double dose from two great jazz  musicians who showed how much they respected one another by listening to  every musical word the other had to say.
B00000JL86|5.0|The staff who created this video did such a wonderful job and you can see their work through the extra's on the DVD.  I truly commend them for their hard work.  Also, to the voice actor's who did a wonderful job.  And last,  to the people who wrote and somewhat involve with the music soundtrack.  Absolutely beautiful.<br />The video and the sound was really good.  In terms  of child viewability, there are times when the dead Rasputin has limbs  coming off and as a parent, it is your choice if you want them to watch it  or not.  Nevertheless the movie is just plain awesome!<br />The extras...There  are quite a few of them but they are long.  From the games, puzzles and  trailers to the featurette and a special documentary hosted by Alliyah,  this is one DVD that I have to highly recommend.<br />For a non-Disney  animated film, this movie is definitely one of the best out there.  Highly  recommended!
B00004T8RK|5.0|This is the first time i bought the new cd from Pearl Jam exactly the same date as all the pearl jammers in US , Australia and other parts of the globe....what a moment, before this i have to wait for about 1 week or 2  weeks to get the latest tunes that will blow me to other side of the  world.... what a great opener...i'm the era of The Who, eventhough i was  not born yet...thanks PJ. Then come a God's Dice...nice lyrics from Ament  and great different voice from Vedder. This is what he learn from Nusrat  Fateh Ali Khan. Its show how tight their composition was...layer by  layer...Evacuation have a shades of Soundgarden since written by Matt  Cameron. The 4th song is really really cool(my favourite at the  moment)Vedder voice reflecting the euphoria of regret and the song is  amazing with mcready guitar's fill.the fifth song Nothing as it seems is  very dark and show mccready is in full swing. He show that he still can  shredding the guitar but not the blind solo in the whole album like he did  in ten...now he was more matured and instead of showing off his skills he  try to follow the songs structure and harmony. He did some Hendrix style in  Sleight of Hands where newcomer guitarist of modern rock cannot  do...perhaps Third Eye Blind have to learn more rather than being corporate  rock band and criticized others. Binaural's heavy songs show how tight they  are rather than playing loosely in Ten.Their midtempo songs were great.I  think, what is missing here is Mccready's contribution.There is no single  Mccready's song except Light Years where he co-written with Vedder and  Gossard .Stone's song such as Thin Air, Off the girl and Rival were also  great, it just only Off the girl have to be climatic rather than  monotonous.Soon Forget is beautiful ditty song that you cannot found in  Britney Spears, N'sync and BSB album. I think Binaural belong to true Pearl  Jammer not to the poseurs. Only a person who accept Pearl Jam as what they  are today can appreciate thisalbum rather than the person who always want  to be the seasonal hype.This album show how they are different from Creed  and others wannabe.I'm rejoice.Totally a blowin' mind stuff.They are in  lowlight but they are wiser and dangerous right now.Welcome back Pearl  Jam,...
B00000064F|5.0|Like Nick Drake's album, Pink Moon, Bryter Layter is also an unforgettable one. His lyrical and musical genius remains to be unseen in all of popular music today. As a poet, Nick Drake exploits the simplest circumstances of  human existence and sheds new light upon them. From the somber instrumental  opening of Introduction, any listener can feel that we are dealing with  something out of the ordinary... pastoral moods, cynical insights, and  &quot;The Greatest English Love Song Of Modern Times&quot; (NME) are some  of the things you can expect to find on this fine piece of art.
B00004T9UF|5.0|His sophmore effort for Aftermath is an excellent follow-up to The Slim Shady LP. He makes jokes about some of the touchiest subjects in America: Versaci's death, Christopher Reeves, Columbine HS(censored out), Sonny  Bono's death, and especially the rumors about Christina Aquilera. The best  track on this album is not &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; much to  teeny-boppers dismay. Marshall Mathers, I'm Back, Kill You, and Criminal  are all much better. This is a must have album for all hardcore music fans.
B00000064G|5.0|What else can I say? Pink Moon is my second favorite Nick Drake album next to the perfection of Bryter Layter. The Eerie mood that this this album contributes gives me goosebumps from the enigmatic opening Pink Moon to the  ending notes of From The Morning. This is required listening for those who  truly appreciate music. It is a shame that the talent of Nick Drake was  overshadowed by the cliched music fads of his time. Sure, it is a short  album but true beauty of music cannot be quantified by time, a trivial  matter. Pink Moon is a timeless classic never to be forgotten.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is unbelievable.  His skill with words, his anger and his passion are all revealed in this album.  I loved the Slim Shady LP, but this CD is out of this world.<br />The amazing thing about this album is Eminem's ability  to let us into his world.  The album covers the emotional spectrum.  The  heart renching cut &quot;Stan&quot; shows Eminem's sympathetic side while  the track &quot;the way I am&quot; demonstrates his anger.<br />I hope that  Eminem continues to make records, because this CD restored my faith in rap.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I think that Britney is a very fake singer and what is withthat cover. She [is really bad], just face it.I think that they just used her because of her looks. If she could get in to that pop buisness then I bet anyone could. At  least Christina is a hack of a lot better. She is actually real unlike  Britney. This sucks. The only song on here that makes me happy is Dear  Diary because I can relate to some stuff she says but she isn't real. If  you like christina don't buy this. She seems like she has the same music  for all of her songs and it is all boring.
0767836251|1.0|Frankly, the plot of this film sucks various portions of the anatomy.  However, as I watched, I developed a deep seeded hatred for the two main characters.  That's why I like the ending.  It's always refreshing to see  two evil pr***s truly get what's coming to them.  I felt almost a sense of  satisfaction when Sebastian got bounced off the car.  And I had to chuckle  with delight when I saw Katherines face at the end.  The ending was worth  the two hours of monotony.
0812523369|5.0|I love this novel.  It has everything you could possibly want in a book.  Love, hate, comedy, and more.  Every time Lizzy and Mr. Darcy are in the same room you can expect some kind of comedy. Lizzy's bizarre family (not  counting Jane) would drive any man away.<br />If Mr. &amp; Mrs. Bennet were  real I wouldn't be able to understand how he could possibly stay married to  this rude and ill-mannered woman.  But since they're only characters in a  book I would have to say that they are a perfectly matched couple.  Each  one posseses what the other does not.<br />If you can get past the old English  that Jane Austen wrote in, this is a great read and a wonderful romantic  comedy.
B00004SCX6|2.0|well first of all the only good song on the cd is oops which is why i gave the cd the 2 stars all the other songs are just remakes of songs from before and the all have the same beat and tune. another thing miss britney cannot at all sing her voice cannot compare to all the other teen divas  mandy moore jessica simpson christina augeilera they put so much more into  their songs and they can sing much better her voice is obviously enhanced
0553212761|2.0|I am a huge fan of classic novels. I had to read Pride &amp; Prejudice for English Lit in high school and I've been hooked ever since.  I've read several of Austen's novels and I had trouble making to the end of this one.  I felt like throwing the book down in frustration several times because it  was so slow and hard to follow. Fanny was too quiet for my taste and I  never understood Edmund's interest in Miss Crawford.  If you're a fan of  Jane Austen, go ahead and read this book, but make sure your wide awake,  otherwise you might just fall asleep due to boredom.
6303109950|4.0|A blockbuster of a western which has Kurt Russell portraying legendary gunslinger Wyatt Earp.<br />          This version of an oft filmed period in the&quot; old west&quot;begins where Earp is trying very hard to leave his  violent days behind him and move to a quieter life in Tombstone with his  brothers.<br />          Unfortunately for Wyatt Earp and his brothers the  quiet restfull life is sometime away as the notorious clan called &quot;The  Cowboys&quot; have other plans for him.<br />           A sprawling,well  filmed,good to look at &quot;cowboy picture&quot;and although enjoyable I  felt the storyline lacked originality because we have seen a number of  versions,over the years,of the basic story.
B00000163G|5.0|I remember buyin this CD in 6th grade not really knowing what rap was or was all about. Tupac looked kinda tough on the cover and i thought it would be a pretty good CD. i didnt like all the swaring cuz thats naturally how a 6th grader thinks. i didnt know that id be buyin the CD that turned hip-hop  around. this Cd was the turning point in hip-hop. It made people start to  like and respect it.        Now 4 years later im a sophomore in high school  and still love the CD to this day forth. i dont mind the swaring cuz im a  lot more mature and can handle it more than a sixth grader could. still 4  years later 2Pac is the best rap artist of all time. his songs still made  you bounce. i still love this CD       what im tryin to say is that usually  your musical interest change a lot from childhood in 6th grade to  adolescence in 10th grade. nop not me. still lovin and feelin the CD more  than ever.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is the best eminem cd yet! The beats are off the hook. Every song is dope. U should go out and buy this cd if u like eminem. It is better than the first one.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Pearl Jam have always been a master of disguise.  As one of the premier bands in the overpowering and defining grunge market of the early 90's, they provided a different look from their counterparts: Nirvana was  candidly vivid and unwanted leaders of a movement.  Then PJ,Soundgarden,AIC  and Mudhoney lagged behind.  Pearl Jam never really belonged in the grunge  pack. Ten was a defining album but very plain and predictable, Vs. was a  more focused, collaborative effort, Vitalogy had the hits but lacked the  cohesiveness of the first two.  No Code showed the band in a more relaxed  setting, ready to deal with the aftermath of grunge. Yield put all the  elements of the first four into one solid rock job.   I expected even  better from them this time around. Hearing &quot;Nothing as it Seems&quot;  on the radio, I wasn't neccessary taken back by the song.  It seemed murky  and dense, like they redorded the song in quicksand.  Once I got the album,  I realized that ALL the songs have this quirky texture to it.  I mean, the  songs are great.  Breakerfall, God's Dice, and Insignificance can stand up  there with the best of Pearl Jam's most accomplished work.  Light Years is  painfully introspective and is, IMHO, the best track on Binaural.  The  entire album is filled with killer songs having much more meaning than the  surface will grant you.  It reminds me of their last three albums meshed  into one, especially the sonic aura of No Code.   But the recording, done  by Tchad Blake, is extensively dark and muddled with mess.  The murk drags  down most of the songs and makes them unbearable to listen to at some  points.  His work is best suited to the likes of women like Sheryl Crow.   The sharpness and lightness of her voice blends well with the songs she  creates and lends itself particularly engaging to the recording process of  Blake. Long story short:  I hope in the future that PJ can go back to the  production that made their albums easier to listen to.  Possibly, ifBrendan O'Brien had mastered the dials on this one, he could have made it  into a great album.
6305810109|5.0|Hard-core David Lynch fans usually expect the master to shock with his films.  In &quot;The Straight Story,&quot; fans are shocked in a different way.  &quot;Tenderness can be just as abstract as insanity,&quot; Lynch  said in regards to this film.  And he proves it.  Based on a true story,  the viewer learns about Alvin Straight through the people he meets.   Richard Farnsworth gained an Oscar nominee, but the entire cast should have  been included.  Through subtle performances and story-telling, &quot;The  Straight Story&quot; grabs your heart.  Doesn't let go, even after the  credits.  Trust me.  Go into this film without reading the other reviews  that give away the plot you can witness yourself.  Invest two hours well  spent.
B00000I3JO|5.0|I picked up this disc on a friend's recommendation after a long, hectic work day.  She merely said it contained some gorgeous songs, so I wasn't prepared to become so absorbed in the music.  The opening track, &quot;Over  the Hillside&quot; is quite possibly one of the most enchanting pop songs  I've ever heard.  I happened to be passing by a small airport covered in a  blanket of fog and the trumpet calls harkened to me like the swirling  beacon lights directing air traffic to the ground.  The lush orchestration  backing the emotive trumpet line evoked strong memories from my past.  The  whole album touches you in a way that will draw you closer to your current  love interest or stir old flames.  &quot;The Downtown Lights&quot; has a  great driving rhythm that serves as a perfect compliment to the passionate,  well thought lyrics.  The songs initially appear to have a somber tone, but  they are compelling and full of passion.  Paul Buchanan possesses a unique  and expressive voice that fits perfectly into each song.  The musical  arrangements are beautiful and the Blue Nile takes time to develop themes  that remain interesting throughout.  Each song is a treasure.  I have been  pleasantly surprised by the &quot;staying&quot; power of this disc - I  enjoy it as much today - more than ten years later - as I did during the  maiden voyage.
B000002G6J|5.0|For a one disc collection, this is probably the best place to start with Jobim.  If you already are a fan, spring for the beautiful 3 CD collection The Man from Ipanema which has many more songs on it, all in an incredibly  designed box set.  If you like bossa nova, you must add this CD to your  collection as it is a pivotal one for the whole bossa nova genre.  It just  keeps growing on you.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This cd flows like WHOA!   Nothing compares. It will make you laugh it will make you think.  Best songs: Stan, I'm Back, and The Real slim shady.  Kim might be a little disgusting, but it also tells a story with much  emotion.  A must have for any rap fan
B00004T8RK|4.0|A few of the reviews of the latest PJ offering Binaural make the ridiculous mistake of comparing this record to the bands earlier offerings. In comparison to Ten, Binaural isn't as good but in many ways Ten isn't as  good as the qualities on Binaural. For their latest record PJ left behind  the anthem like qualities of their earlier rock sound for a tighter more  varied record that jumps all over the rock n roll map for style and  influence. The first radio single Nothing As It Seems is bursting with Neil  Young guitar power while the Matt Cameron penned Evacuation jumps into a  full bred punk sound. Then there is the simplicity of Thin Air with its  rolling acoustic guitar sound, this true and blue love song is the best  slow slong the bands ever written, better even then such hits as Last Kiss  and Black. Best of all is the way Pearl Jam allows each song to in essence  becomes its own entity, there is no signature style on the record, just  great songs. The highlight by far, Thin Ar aside, is Light Years with its  slow rocking melody carried by Eddie Vedder's slow trembling vocals. Anyone  who says this record isn't like Ten, is right, its like Binauaral and its a  damn fine piece of work.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem has had his best work. I think this record will sell more than ever. His outward going attitude and &quot;just don't give&quot; makes his work excellent.
B000002KET|5.0|Sabbath Bloody Sabbath is what happens when you have four masters of noise trying out a whisper.  &quot;Louder and louder&quot; has been Sabbath's approach up to now, but on this album the band, by experimenting with song  structures, arrangements, a quieter mix, and more lyrical subtlety,  achieves one of its strongest mixtures of violence and introspection ever.   Though Sabotage is the better album, without Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, it  would not exist.<br />The songs are among the best in this band's catalogue:   The title track, which aside from Tony Iommi's trademark, monumental  riffing also has splashes of ringing acoustic guitars and one of Ozzy  Osbourne's most effective vocal performances; &quot;Killing Yourself to  Live&quot;, a thematically and musically weighted recording; a marauding  riff monster in &quot;Sabbra Cadabra&quot; (covered by Metallica on Garage,  Inc.); &quot;A National Acrobat&quot; -- many of these songs have become  staples in both Sabbath's catalogue and metal history, and along with  Sabotage, Sabbath Bloody Sabbath is one of the few Black Sabbath albums  that doesn't sound dated in any way whatsoever.  Starting with this album,  a trace of melodicism has snuck into the volume cranker that is Black  Sabbath, and its music is the better for it.
B000001EHS|5.0|Def Leppard has never made any excuses about who they are and what they play. I certainly am not going to make any excuses for them either. But their sound has matured, since their simplistic beginnings, and endures.  They are like the Energizer Bunny - going, and going, and... You've got to  have this CD in your repertoire if you are like me and you need the relief  and escape that simple melodies, catchy lyrics and phrasing, and hard  hitting, in your face guitar riffs can bring you, to take away the stresses  of the day, or prepare you for those boring meetings. This is the classic  D.L collection. You will find yourself wondering aloud, if &quot;you ever  needed someone so bad&quot;. You betcha!
0486282112|5.0|....and be ready for a tale of the consequences of Promethean idealism.  Ought to be required reading everywhere; our entire age is a study in the Faustian bargaining of warmth for a limitless technologizing that threatens  the very planet.  Nothing like the Hollywood movie versions.
630575067X|1.0|Now, I am a fan of the original Star Wars movies.  Not a big fan, but a fan none the less.  The older Star Wars movies were enjoyable, although I believed that they didn't deserve being called the work of a genius.  This  movie is the work of a genius gone senile.  There were some exciting  scenes, most of which included Darth Maul, who was the utmost best  character in the movie.  Other than that, there was horrible dialogue and a  just plain stupid plot.  This is more of a muppets meet Star Wars movie  when you consider all of the childish animal-like characters, which made  this movie very irritating to me.  Everyone can identify the character that  was especially irritating, for he is the one and only Jar Jar Binks, who  this movie would have been better without.  On top of everything that  angered me in this movie, I found myself waiting for it to end.  I fell  alseep briefly about half way through, which even friends of mine that  liked the movie agreed was boring.  This movie was just not my cup of tea.   It might be yours, though, I'm not telling you to hate it.  If you like it,  good for you.  I just hope you're not saying that because you used to think  George Lucas was a genius.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I thought Oops I did it again was awesome! for a while until it kinda got annoying but I like &quot;Lucky&quot;, &quot;Stronger&quot;, and &quot;What U See ( is What U Get)&quot; but Satisfaction sounds AWFUL IT BRINGS PAIN  TO MY EARS I listen to the Rolling Stone version and she sounds like a cat  screeching compared to the Rolling Stones! her voice is SOOO fake! its all  digital and special effects thats make her voice sound supposidly  &quot;Good&quot; but some of the songs are Ok! Get it if you want but if  she sings like this for a couple more years she's gonna hurt her voice and  she gonna have to end her carrer since she hurt her voice so bad! I like  some songs but other songs are just BADDDDDD!
B00004RF8J|2.0|I already had the original release of &quot;Little Shop&quot; on dvd, but I recently bought the re-release expecting to see an improvement on picture quality. I had been anticipating and looking forward to seeing this  masterpiece finally be perfected; unfortunately, I discovered the  devastating fact that the image quality was still just as poor as the  edition that was first released back in 1998. This reality caught me  totally off guard since Warner Brothers has come such a long way in dvd  quality, especially with the release of &quot;Pee-Wee's Big  Adventure&quot;. Don't get me wrong, but it is rather upsetting that Warner  was able to do such a good job on the &quot;Pee-Wee&quot; dvd and still  only do a so-so job to the visual quality on such a cult classic as this  much-loved gem. Warner Bros., I shun and look down upon you. I am now out  of 20 bucks and out of hope.
B000002KHH|4.0|Amazing what Tony Iommi can do with two power chords, isn't it?  The intro and verse of &quot;War Pigs&quot;, most of &quot;Paranoid&quot;, the verse of &quot;Planet Caravan&quot;, and even parts of &quot;Iron Man&quot; --  Iommi, the master of the riff, manages to make it all work by cranking it  up all the way to 11, by his vicious, full tone, and by locking in tightly  with his madcap rhythm section.  Add that to Ozzy Osbourne's distinctive,  broken vocalizing (a huge part of this band's more cartoonish moments), and  you have Paranoid -- a landmark release that has been called the birth of  heavy metal.<br />&quot;War Pigs&quot; is the biggest song on here, though  it's a little long and lyrically quite dumb.  Gargantuan guitar work makes  it a headbanger's essential anthem.  &quot;Iron Man&quot;'s lyrics are even  more stupid, though that evil-sounding riff and Ozzy's oftimes childlike  whine give it a flavour neither Sabbath nor any other band has been able to  achieve since.  Title track &quot;Paranoid&quot; is the cleanest and  catchiest song on here, and the unheralded songs -- &quot;Planet  Caravan&quot;, &quot;Fairies Wear Boots&quot; and &quot;Hand of Doom&quot;  -- hint at the later, more experimental directions that this incarnation of  Black Sabbath would take, peaking with Sabbath Bloody Sabbath and Sabotage.
B00000DLVA|5.0|This album proves, beyond any reasonable doubt, that The Cardigans are a great band. GT is a rock-pop album with heavy electronic influences and distortions throughout. I wouldn't call it a trip-hop album as Amazon does  but they might have a point! What impresses me the most is the sheer  contrast between the singer's mock naive voice and the background music  (which is dark and elaborated)... Besides there are no &quot;fillers&quot;,  each song is a good one, which isn't exactly the rule nowadays...
0897500482|5.0|Bruce Lee was a terrible actor but a fighting genius who took whatever he learned, improved it, and taught it...never to be bound by the &quot;fancy mess&quot; so many traditional styles had become, Bruce stuck to what  worked.
0140277447|5.0|I didn't know anything about the massacre in Nanking before reading this book. And I think that's a shame. So many people have died for nothing, and the only way to give some reason to their death is to not forget their  fate.<br />The approach on Iris Chang to this topic is great: She uses three  different perspectives when writing about the massacre, a Japanese one, a  Chinese one and an international one.<br />Above all, I found this great book  very disturbing. The first book that made me cry during reading. Serveral  times. Not because it is emotional. Because of the facts.
6303481272|5.0|If you love Japanese anime and Hong Kong martial arts movies, you gotta see this movie. The animation is excellent and the action is fierce. I would recommend this movie for mature audiences only because of the violent content and some sexual depictions, this movie isn't like Street Fighter II The Movie. I haven't seen any martial arts manga as good as Ninja Scroll. So it's a classic far as I'm concerned.
B00003CWOL|5.0|I absolutly love this movie.  First of all, it is hilarius.  I laughted all hte way through it.  The writting is sharp, the direction puches every joke and adds a slew of sight gags, and the perfomances are great.  Second  of all, it is extremly intelligent.  Though some people get their undies  all in a wad over this movie (I've had a freind refer to it as balsphemous)  it is not anti-religion.  In fact, it is very pro-God, pro-fatih.  It's  anti-church (mainly anti-catholic) but it isn't vicious in its  anti-catholicism.  I think the muse, played suprubly by teh knockout Selma  Hyack, &quot;Their hearts are in the right place, their brians just need to  catch up.&quot;   This movie is really an intelligant theologicla  discussion in hte format of a comedy.  It works extremly well on both  levels.  The only flaw is the over-use of hte f-word, it just gets  annoying.  However, that's one small flaw in a brilliant movie.  Watch it  for Damon and Aflec, watch it for Alanis, watch it for silent Bob, watch it  to laugh, watch it to think, jsut WATCH IT. Here I stand, so God help me,  Amen.
B000002KB8|4.0|The band never sounded more evil or subversive as on this, a depressed sludge of amplified guitars, pagan guitar riffs, and Ozzy Osbourne's bewildered, haunted wail rolling out from your speakers like so many sheets  of black.  The band's namesake song is here, still the most chilling  composition in Sabbath's catalogue and a successful sonic interpretation of  the horror genre; as well as metal classics like &quot;N.I.B.&quot; and  &quot;The Wizard&quot;.  In terms of songwriting Sabbath was still in its  infancy, this debut album carrying a jammy, oftimes meandering feel, but I  still play it pretty regularly, for in many ways, this is the perfect  embodiment of the band's thematic and musical identity.
B00004RFCM|5.0|Why don't more TV shows do this? (As opposed to the irritaing Twilight Zone approach of 3 or 4 shows at a time.) And Sex and the City has the coolest DVD packaging I've ever seen.<br />But enough about packaging!<br />I  just got HBO a few months ago, so I'm discovering Sex and the City by way  of the second season, which HBO has been dispensing in double doses  recently in preparation for its airing of the third season. I love the  second season, so it was interesting to go back to the first season and see  how the characters and themes were introduced. I must say I think the show  got better in the second season. The first season was heavy-handed in  showing the 4 women as stereotypes and really overdoing the shopping and  the predictable parade of sex issues. I liked figuring out, on a second  season basis, what each of the 4 women was really about, and they seemed to  have a decent amount of dimension. For example, I really loved the  character Miranda in the second season, but you go back to the first  season, and the attempts to define her as &quot;the cynical one&quot; seem  unnecessary. So, I think the show got smarter and better. <br />Nevertheless,  the first season is still wonderful--though whether it's say, derivative of  Melrose Place, I couldn't tell you, since I haven't watched any of those  shows. The only show I've seen that I can compare it to is Seinfeld,  because it's four interesting friends in NY. It's not as funny as Seinfeld,  naturally, and it's entirely focused on the subject of sex. You might get a  bit tired of these people having nothing else in their lives than their sex  lives! But that's the topic of the show. It's not entirely realistic--in  fact, it's a real fantasy for women. Yes, a sex fantasy for women has to  include, not just sex, but lots of shopping and trendy restaurants, bars,  apartments, artists, dresses, shoes, kissing outdoors at night silhouetted  against the urban skyline. It's awfully entertaining in that regard, and  somehow it constantly stays on my good side, even though ordinarily I'd be  disgusted by women who were so shallow. It's almost bizarre, really. The  credit should be shared by the wonderful directors and writers and actors.  It's really amazing how the actresses keep these characters from cloying.  And the actors are real sports to allow their sex to be displayed in such  an unflattering light. <br />So you don't like Chris Noth? That's what's so  funny! The Village Voice called him a combination of Al Gore and Victor  Mature: I can't stop seeing him that way. Personally, I really identify  with Sarah Jessica Parker's character as she tries to keep her dignity  while in love and trying to maintain a relationship with this man who is  intent upon keeping his distance. I'm sure he's really suffering inside,  but on the outside, the man is maddening. If you've been there, don't miss  this series.
0553328255|5.0|....ah, memories of first reading Doyle's classics in eighth grade--and being captivated for life.  &quot;You've been to Afghanistan, I perceive...&quot;
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Rage Against the Machine are just the next victim of the pop trend, along with bands like Limp Bizkit, and it's just too bad. Guerilla Radio, the first single is the rap-metal-pop song of the year, except for that  incessant Falling Away From Me. It does have excellent guitar work, but I  can still imagine middle schoolers across the U.S. moshing to this at their  dances (not a good thing). Sleep Now in the Fire is not a good song either,  and Rage has explored too much classic rock on this one. Born of a Broken  Man is my favorite here, it just reflects their old sound in a new way.  Other okay songs are Mic Check, Testify, and Maria. Tom Morello still has  his amazing edge as a guitar player, but the band has lost much of their  politics to MTV. Maybe next time.
B00000K31V|1.0|I cannot believe how they can release films like that on DVD. I thought DVD should have quality movies released and not quantity. I try to built my own DVD collection and i must say that i would like to get rid of this film  as soon as possible. This has nothing to do about taste. This is a total  waste of money. The script is something to be an example for other films to  avoid. The dialogs are in the range of 0. If there was a no star rating i  would use that one.
6302642256|5.0|i remember this movie from way back from when i was a kid....and its been 15 years and im still looking for the vhs so i can go back and relive that....that is about one of the only movies that i remeber from childhood  and i still love it.....i have heard of reviews that it was ok and that its  not one of the most memorable movies that we will have...but for me it was  one of the top 5 of my childhood....
B0000019PA|5.0|This may be my favorite album in the world. I find it heart wrenchingly beautiful. Mangum's voice is amazing- charged with emotion and intensity. The album is at times soothing, at times uplifting, and at times  devestatingly sad, but it is always moving.
0451196716|3.0|I am a big stephen king fan because I love horror stories and anything that can give me a scare, and nothing does that more than my own imagination.  This book is well written, but doesnt have all the adjectives  and fear that King usually incorporates in his work.  It reads well and is  interesting but he has other books that are definately better.
0679720200|4.0|....and the problem of living with fidelity in an alienated and &quot;absurd&quot; world.  The first line is not to be forgotten for its evocation of numbness.
B000002NHN|4.0|If you have been thinking of trying something out of the celtic music world, this would be a great pick. Loreena's voice is very haunting and beautiful. She brings a depth to the songs. The song &quot;The Mummer's  Dance&quot; has gotten quite a bit of radio play and is one of my favorites  on this disc. She also brings to life the poem &quot;The Highwayman&quot;.  If you thought this poem couldn't be put to music ( which I did ), you were  wrong. It is done very well and brings the story to life. This is one of  the cds I listen to on a rainy day, and just sit back and relax.
0833567357|5.0|This book was hands-down my absolute favorite in my early years, and I'm delighted to find that it is still in print.  Emberley shows that, simply by using basic shapes, it's possible to create entire worlds of enormous  detail.  Each page contains numerous items (e.g. viking boat, diesel train  engine, moose, greenhouse, etc.), with each item assembled shape-by-shape  in its own row.  This is truly a book that liberates the imagination.
0385484518|5.0|This book isn't just about an amazing friendship between two wonderful men. It's about how people should live their lives. I'm only 13, but i think i understood this book as well as a 37 year old would. Before i read  it, i was wondering what was happining. While i was reading it all, it  helped me figure things out, the words he, morrie, spoke....they were the  awnsers i have been looking for all my life.
B0000060AK|5.0|This recording was made at a concert performance during a tour of Les Musiciens du Louvre in several cities in France, Belgium and Holland, and they just brought the house down. Minkowski's ability to bring baroque  opera to life is probably unmatched at the moment.   As much as I like  Lorraine Hunt-Lieberson, I find Van Otter's interpretation better (her  &quot;Scherza infida&quot; is heartbreaking !). And what makes this  recording so special is the brilliant idea of casting Podles as the villain  Polinesso opposite Van Otter's &quot;goody&quot; Ariodante : the contrast  between both voices works extremely well and contributes greatly to the  drama. The rest of the cast is also irreprochable : Dawson's soprano is  just exquisite in Handel's music (she proved it again this year in a  performance of &quot;Hercules&quot;, also directed by Minkowski), and so is  Croft's elegant tenor.
B000023X9W|4.0|Silver and Gold quickly establishes it's own identity among the best records in Neil's catalog.  A quiet, restrained record, Silver and Gold sounds somewhat like Comes A Time, but certainly isn't a carbon copy.  I  was pleasantly surprised at how strong Silver and Gold is since CSNY took  the &quot;best&quot; 4 songs for their release.  I actually feel Silver and  Gold benefitted from the loss of those 4 songs, though Looking Forward  would have been a nice fit.  My favorite tracks include Good to See You,  Silver and Gold, The Great Divide, Red Sun, and Distant Camera.  The  weakest are Daddy Went Walkin and Horseshoe Man.  Daddy Went Walkin is  almost a ditty, which seems to be a necessity for the classic Neil records  (Crippled Creek Ferry, Are You Ready For the Country, Motorcycle Mama, Old  King, etc.)  Though Reactor, Freedom, Ragged Glory, and Harvest Moon have  been ranked as the best Neil work of the last 20 years, I believe Silver  and Gold is better than any of those records and is second only to such  albums as Rust Never Sleeps, Harvest, and After the Goldrush.  True Neil  fans will find this album as enjoyable as a visit from an old friend.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This cd was so good. Britney has really matured vocally. It has really good dancing music but really good ballads. Britney's cd is so good and i would recommend this cd to anyone even if you dont like this kind of  music!
B000002G30|5.0|Best way top say it is this is DEFINETLY Monster Magnets best cd to date. It is a little more groove oriented than Powertrip is and uses more memorable guitar riffs. Best songs are Look To Your Orb For The Warning and  Negasonic Teenage Warhead. Great cd from one of the weirdest bands.
B00004RD54|5.0|Lou Reed's Rock and Roll Animal completely blew me away. It is completely different than most of Lou's other material. First of all, the setlist is great. It includes four great songs by the Velvet Underground; Sweet Jane,  Heroin, White Light / White Heat, and Rock and Roll. It also contains three  great songs from Berlin; Caroline Says I, Lady Day and How Do You Think It  Feels. Each song is done incredibly. The Intro into Sweet Jane is great.  Following this, Lou and the band rip through Heroin, doing a 13 minute  version that is fairly different than the original, but still great. The  two extra tracks, How Do You Think It Feels and Caroline Says I are two of  the best songs from Berlin, and these recordings are just as good as the  album, if not better. You even hear Lou tell the audience to shut up before  starting a song. The version of White Light / White Heat is even louder  than the original. The version of Lady Day done is even better than the  album version on Berlin. The album closes with a great version of Rock and  Roll, with a funky rhythm solo in the middle. The overall effect of the  album is incredible. It makes you feel like you are actually at the show.  If you are a fan of Lou, you will love this album. You'll love it even if  you aren't a fan. It makes a good starting place for Lou Reed. Especially  with the two extra songs, Rock and Roll Animal is one of the greatest live  albums of all time.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|I have pretty much been an A-ha fan from the beginning--August 1985--when I first heard &quot;Take On Me&quot;.  Over the years, in America, the band has faded into oblivion with so many other '80s artists. I always felt that  they were more talented though. I fell out of touch with their music until  January of 1991, when I happened to see &quot;East Of The Sun, West Of The  Moon&quot; sitting in the new release bin of my local record store. On a  lark, I bought it. I was sold from that moment on. A-ha is like the  Eurythmics, Pet Shop Boys, Depeche Mode, Duran Duran and Inxs in that they  are all able to grow and change without completely losing their fan base.  They make great records that only a select few music buyers have the  opportunity to enjoy. With &quot;Minor Earth, Major Sky&quot;, in America,  A-ha will probably not return to the Top 40 since we seem to be dominated  by...hmm...how ironic, teeny-bopper music. Now, the men of A-ha are  considered &quot;adult contemporary&quot; because of their age. This cd has  a slew of Top 40 hits like &quot;Minor Earth, Major Sky&quot;, &quot;Little  Black Heart&quot;, &quot;Velvet&quot;, &quot;Summer Moved On&quot;,  &quot;The Sun Never Shone That Day&quot;, &quot;I Wish I Cared&quot;,  &quot;You'll Never Get Over Me&quot;, and &quot;I Won't Forget Her&quot;.  Definitely recommended for those who are A-ha fans, non-fans, and  out-of-touch fans. Hopefully, it will be released in America sometime later  this year.
B00004T8RK|3.0|to sum it up as quickly as possible....A few songs at the beginning of the album that almost put me to sleep, getting stronger as the album goes on, but not what I was hoping for.  If you love Ten, and think Pearl Jam has  been sliding downhill since then, than you will get exactly what you are  expecting with this album.
630575067X|4.0|this is a good movie.  I think it would of made audiences think it was better if there wasn't so much hype for the movie.  But like &quot;NEW HOPE&quot; this movie is so setting you up for Episode 2 and 3.  I do  suggest watching this one if you want to watch the others.
B000002H2H|5.0|Just go and buy the album, all of the songs on this Metallica masterpiece are great. In my opinion FADE TO BLACK is one of the greates rock songs of all time. I just have one thing to say, anyone who says that heavy metal is  a dead genre is an idiot. Ride the Lightning is a metal masterpiece, and  REST IN PEACE Cliff Burton aka one of the greatest heavy metal bassists of  all time.
B00004SCX6|4.0|1. Oop's... I myself liked this song, yes it's alot like ....baby one more time, but hey the same guy wrote it and produced it, and people seem to like it.<br />2. Stronger  Not one of my favorite but it's ok, it sounds more  like a song that BSB or Nsync would bring out.<br />3. Don't go knockin'  this  one is ok this like the one before it sound more like the songs the boy  bands do.<br />4. Satisfaction I liked this song...I like the begining where  it is nice and slow but it's a good remake.<br />5. Don't let me This song I  liked also, you can tell it was written by Mutt and Shania, it just has  that sound and the word...this is a good song...it has interesting music to  it....especially in the begining. This is my Fav.<br />6. What U see  this  sounds like a britney song...cause it represents her well I think.<br />7.  Lucky  this is a good song...it kinda makes you think it is like a song  from the 50 or 60's...but I like this song...it made me wonder if she  really felt this way.<br />8. One kiss this too sounds like a true Britney  song... I like this song...it's good...kinda like sometimes it's a slow  song to fast type of music.<br />9. Where you are if you like ballads this is  an Ideal song for you...she sounds relaxed singing this..and it is really a  good song for her it shows off her talent. This would have to be in a tie  for fav. <br />10. Can't make you  I really don't like this song at all, but  some might...I don't like the words or music.<br />11. When your eyes  This  too is a good ballad that shows off her talent this is one of my favorite  songs.<br />12. Dear diary Last but not least Britneys song....the last song  is a great ballad too shows off all her talent as a singer and  writer...This too is one of my favorites.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|My wife and I finished watching this movie and looked at each other and said &quot;What a trip!&quot;. We did not say it in the sense people usually use the phrase, but in the sense that there simply was not any  other way to describe this movie. This film is not at all what the trailer  would have you believe. It is so much more. It is a journey into the human  mind as well as the social mind. It is perhaps the most surprising movie I  have ever seen and one you should just see instead of read about. BTW ...  the comedy, which was completely unexpected, is worth the price alone.
B00000DR5I|5.0|I cannot even begin to guess how many times I have played this album since its release 25 years ago. It is astonishing how easily Rubycon has stood the test of time. Part I remains one of my all-time fave TD pieces,  starting off slowly and then developing into a storm of multiple layers of  synths and threatening sequencers, ultimately gently fading away. It is  difficult to reconcile the classic TD sound on Rubycon with the  &quot;TD-lite&quot; sound on the TD releases in the 90s. I make it a point  to stay open-minded about how bands develop over time, but when I hear some  of the things TD dares to release nowadays, I can only shake my head and  think how truly ground-breaking they once were. Rubycon shows how and why.
B000002H97|5.0|It's definitely Metallica's most POPULAR album of all time. It may not be their best album in my opion, but it is their most popular. The &quot;black&quot; album is a great heavy metal masterpiece, most of the  songs sound great with the exception of Wolf, Tread, Through Never, and  Struggle. Anyway, buy this album because it's a Metallica masterpiece and  it has very catchy songs.
B000002GFC|5.0|This is arguably the best greatest hits album ever compiled. Cream's talent, ingenuity, and style blows bands like the Rolling Stones and Jimi Hendrix out of the water. If you have ever referred to yourself as a rock,  jazz, or blues fan and if you do not own any Cream, don't tell anyone.  Discretely press the buy button on your computer and hope that this album  arrives at your home very quickly. Cream is for real, and they will blow  you away. The only classic rock band that inhabits the same level of  musical genius as Cream, is the Beatles.
B00000K19E|5.0|Technically speaking, The Matrix is one of the best examples of a DVD done right.  It's loaded with extras like behind the scenes info as well as stuff for your PC.  The image is crisp as is the sound.  Content wise, this  is a wonderful film, which is a metaphor for enlightenment.  \\"Free your  mind\\" is its mantra.  The filmmakers used a sinister, cyberpunk atmosphere  to bring this theme to the masses.  Looking behind the flash of this cool  flick, you might see that the \\"agents\\" represent ignorance.  This really  was a nice surprise.  Too bad so many people will miss out on its important  message due to its sci-fi genre.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Tim Burton certainly has a knack for noire, and this is the best of his films yet, &quot;Edward Scissorhands&quot; following a very close second. He really knows how to set the tone before the story even begins, using  gray palettes as his overlay to create a somber and foreboding gloom over  landscapes and people. The art direction and cinematography in this film is  amazing, not only for the creepy and ethereal scenery but coupled with  interesting camera angles and long, focused shots on dream-like images.<br />This is a film for all ages, just as &quot;Edward Scissorhands&quot; is,  and both films share the properties that make them great.<br />1)Johnny Depp.  This man has an incredibly mobile and almost comedic face, his expressions  endearing and farcical. Edward Scissorhands taught him a lot about putting  forth without uttering a single word because he had very few lines. He  relied more on his eyes than anything, and I have been impressed by his  talent for improvisation ever since. Ed Wood only secured that position. He  makes an impressive turn with his character here, playing the endearing,  faint-hearted Constable Ichabod Crane. His constant episodes of passing  out, turning up his nose at numerous corpses and consistent nervous  stutters make him a very enjoyable presence on-screen.<br />2)Child-like  fantasy. Ichabod's flashbacks about his mother include a sequence where she  twirls into the air, milkweed tuft floating around like a summer snowfall.  This is the beauty among the muck and blood in this film, and it captivates  viewers young and old who share a fascination with magic and mystery.  Burton may be a scholar in the area of gothic cinematics, but he has a  special and unmatchable ability for uplifting and mystical moments in his  films, a prime example in yet again &quot;Edward Scissorhands&quot;, where  Winona Ryder twirls happily in circles while snowflakes fall slowly around  her, the choral music making the moment even more touching and  serene.<br />3)The special effects. I have to admit, this was a lot more  graphic than I expected, but it did the film justice. I loved all the blood  and the head-severing. If this is going to be classified as a horror film,  it has to have some of the winning traits that make it so. I am a horror  fan, and I thoroughly enjoyed the disgusting cadavers and consistent  decapitation. Burton doesn't have a history of graphic violence in his  films, but it worked out well for him in this one, combined with the  computer-animated Tree Of The Dead and restoration of the ghost's  skull.<br />And if this isn't enough to get you to watch this film, then watch  Edward Scissorhands first. That is a great starter film for anyone who  wants to get acclimated in the Burton film genre. If that movie doesn't  make you hungry to see this one, I don't know what will.d  serene.<br />3)The special effects. I have to admit, this was a lot more  graphic than I expected, but it did the film justice. I loved all the blood  and the head-severing. If this is going to be classified as a horror film,  it has to have some of the winning traits that make it so. I am a horror  fan, and I thoroughly enjoyed the disgusting cadavers and consistent  decapitation. Burton doesn't have a history of graphic violence in his  films, but it worked out well for him in this one, combined with the  computer-animated Tree Of The Dead and restoration of the ghost's  skull.<br />And if this isn't enough to get you to watch this film, then watch  Edward Scissorhands first. That is a great starter film for anyone who  wants to get acclimated in the Burton film genre. If that movie doesn't  make you hungry to see this one, I don't know what will.
B000002H33|5.0|It's a Metallica rock masterpiece. Cliff Burton is rock god and may he rest in peace. Buy this album because all of the songs are good, none of the songs sound the same, the solos are great, and Cliff Burton's bass play  is unbelievable. ORION in my opinion is the highlight of this album, it's  so good, it's hard for me to put it into words. MASTER OF PUPPETS is a rock  masterpiece.
B0000029LG|4.0|I purchased History in June of 1995 when it was first released and must say that I'm quite pleased with it.  Though I believe it would have been better if the album were released as a single rather than a double CD set.   Double CD sets are obviously more expensive and, thus, less people are apt  to purchase them.  (*Note: History retails for about double the price of a  regular album).  Nonetheless, it is a good piece of musical work, for the  most part.  It's best tracks include &quot;Stranger in Moscow&quot;,  &quot;Earth Song&quot;, &quot;You Are Not Alone&quot;,  &quot;Childhood&quot;, and &quot;Little Susie&quot;. (NB-This review  discusses only the new material on the album-i.e. disk 2).  These tracks  are softer ones and most of them contain messages of sorts from Michael to  his fans (e.g. Childhood- He explains his love for children as something  innocent and NOT criminal like the tabloids have portrayed it).  Of course,  Disk 1 of History, containing hits from the past, is also of great quality.  These, however, are addressed in my reviews of these individual albums  (Check them out for Thriller, Bad, Dangerous, and Blood on the Dance  Floor).  On the whole, History is not one of Jackson's better albums.  It  does not compare to the likes of Thriller, Bad, or Dangerous.  But, then  again, any music Michael produces is worth a listen.  If you do buy  History, you won't regret it.  Happy listening all =)
B000000ORX|5.0|simply joni's most beautiful album .. the words drip with honesty and depth of character. the combination of the lyrics and the layered mix is simply beautiful. love cherokee louise.. a must for all true music lovers
B000000WA4|5.0|Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is the pinnacle album for the Smashing Pumpkins.  All the variety of the music as well as the length of the album contribute to its greatness.  Highlights of the album are the  epic &quot;Porcelina of the Vast Oceans,&quot; the pop hit  &quot;1979,&quot; and the rage focused rock anthem &quot;Bullet with  Butterfly Wings.&quot;  This album is definitely one that should be in  everyone's collection!
B000002H6C|5.0|Buy this album because its a fine piece of rock music from Metallica. Even with poor production due to the invisible bass play, most of the songs sound good with the exception of Harvester of Sorrow and Frayed Ends of  Sanity which in my opinion are not bad songs but not good either. Anyway  all I wanna say is, anyone who is says that heavy metal is a dead genre is  an idiot just like Fausto Chavez because he doesn't know anything about  Metallica albums. But just go and buy And Justice For All because it is a  heavy metal masterpiece. REST IN PEACE CLIFF BURTON aka one of the greatest  heavy metal bassists of all time.
B000002N3N|3.0|Enya is one of a few artists whom I consider successful at creating this type of electronic atmospheric and dreamlike music. For certain, The Memory Of Trees is melodic, romantic and sensuous. Roma Ryan's lyrics, sung in  Gaelic by Enya (Athair Ar Neamh), float gently like pillow-soft white  clouds. The compositions are relaxing and harmonious (Tea House Moon),  dreamlike and filled with mystery (Once You Had Gold), and include subtle  touches of Celtic tradition (Enya's phrasing on `Hope Has A Place'). The CD  is a quiet and lush alternative to ninety-percent of the popular music on  the market today, and also a welcome substitute for the often hectic pace  of daily life. Enya's arrangement of the compositions on Memory is well  thought - the comparatively dramatic and uplifting `Anywhere Is' and `On My  Way Home' are placed so that the listener doesn't fall asleep.<br />However,  I'm very leery when I read a dozen reviews of a particular musical release,  and all the writers rate the artist's work with five-stars. My hesitation  is not a matter of taste (listeners are free to condemn or rave about  whatever they please), but one of perspective. Is The Memory Of Trees a  musical ground breaking effort? Does it introduce a unique technique or  significantly alter a current genre of popular music? On close listening,  the electronic pseudo-symphonic music of Memory does not approach the  beauty or dynamics of an orchestra with real people playing real  instruments. Nor does Enya's multi-layering of her own voice have the same  rich sonic texture as a chorus comprised of real voices. Then again,  perhaps The Memory Of Trees (and all of Enya's work) is so provocatively  ethereal because it is surreal.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden has followed their delf-titled debut with another masterpiece. While Affirmation's production was slicker and more pop-oriented, every one of their songs is filled with the familiar range  emotions, and when you hear Darren singing, you know he means every word of  it.<br />The group's debut in 1997 left me dying for more, and two years  later, I got it! Darren's recent divorce colored many of the songs, most  notably I Don't Know You Anymore and The Lover After Me. Two Beds and a  Coffee Machine was definitely the most depressing one, but with a glimmer  of &quot;hope in the darkness&quot; that can put you in a better mood. Some  of the songs can be compared to songs on the original CD. Chained to You is  the equivalent of I Want You, and I Knew I Loved You is this album's Truly,  Madly, Deeply. Tracks 10 &amp; 11 are most similar to their debut, with  their deep bass and melancholy harmonies.<br />Their mixture of old and new,  the varying beats and moods portrayed in the lyrics, Daniel's gorgeous  music, and Darren's fabulously sexy vocals make this CD a must-have for any  age. I anxiously await their next album!
B000002ADT|5.0|With all of the praise that has been lavished on this incomparable CD the only thing that I would add is that if I could only take 5 of my over 700 cd's to a deserted island for a year Kind of Blue would be one of  them.<br />If you don't like Jazz try this one.  And if you do and you don't  own this one... Shame on you.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I'm going to buy the DVD version of this film which I saw on the big screen. Kevin Spacey deserved his Oscar (for this and other films). There are incredible moments in this film...such as the one where Annette Benning  falls on her dead husband's suits in an agony of grief; and beautiful  haunting shots like the plastic bag blowing in the wind. Annette Benning  and Peter Gallagher are very fine actors and both gave outstanding  performances.<br />My ex-husband's wife looks like Annette Benning and she  sold real estate for awhile. My friend's wife sold real estate and she had  an affair with a builder..in one of the houses under construction at the  time. My neighbor worked for the CIA.  His kid was &quot;the&quot; drug  dealer on our block. We have a relative who died from a drug overdose. One  of our neighbors shot another neighbor because he was messing around with  his wife. I left my ex-husband who was a Marine because he insisted on  keeping loaded guns in the house. Gee this film sure captures life in a  middle-class neighborhood in America.
B000002BHE|5.0|I purchased this CD in 1996 when Celine's popularity was slowly rising. Despite the fact that over four years have elapsed, it still happens to be one of my most frequently listened-to CDs. <br />'Falling Into You' happens to  be my all-time favorite song. This is largely attributed to its enchanting  rythm and sweet, if somewhat sad, melody.<br />While the entire CD is very  enjoyable, certain tracks are exceptionally good. They are:<br />1)It's all  coming back to me now-This rather long song (over 7 mins long!) is an  extremely powerful song which is truly emotion-packed. <br />2)Because you  loved me-The OST of 'Up, Close and Personal' is different from most songs  in the sense that it both the chorus and verses are of roughly the same  tune. The repetition, suprisingly, effectively enhances this song.<br />4)Make  You Happy-A cheerful and song which shows that Celine's voice is not  limited to love ballads.<br />11)If That's What It Takes-Even though the  original french version (Pour Que Tu Maimes Encore) is slightly better,  Celine injects just as emotion in this song.<br />14)Fly-Strangely enough,  this version is more, if not, as passionate, than the one found in Deux  (Vole).<br />All in all, I strongly feel this CD outdoes all her others, the  phenomenally-successful 'Let's Talk About Love' included.
B00000163G|4.0|Basically it's an album of contrasts.  On the first disc Tupac displays his talent brilliantly and flawlessly.  The beats are infectious and the science he drops is noteworthy.<br />However the second disc is, on the whole,  quite sub par and typical of so much of the rap being put out by the 90's  era of rappers.  Musically boring and lyrically/creatively run of the  mill.<br />Personally I felt that Tupac was on the road to megastardom both as  a rapper and as an actor.  Both fields in which he had tremendous talent  and perhaps even more potential.<br />Nonetheless, this album is definitely  well worth a purchase just don't expect very much from Disc 2.
B00001IVOF|4.0|&quot;If&quot; ever a group represented hardcore, dark, and grimy beats that represent ghetto life to the fullest it's Mobb Deep. Forget &quot;if&quot;, they do exactly that. QBC's most loved Dunn-Dunns kill  happy rap just like The Source put it.  They stick to their formula and  it's that very same formula that has earned them a spot as legends. On  &quot;Hell on Earth&quot; they easily show why they are the hardest of the  hard. There is not a single happy beat or happy subject matter on this  album. Easily the album's best song is from the very own title track.  &quot;Hey yo, it's hell on Earth, who's next or gon' be first, the projects  is front line, and the enemy is one time, I ain't gotta tell you, yo, it's  right in front of your eyes&quot; chants Havoc on the hook, which will have  real hiphop heads boppin' their head. Of course you can't review this album  without mentioning the classic G.O.D. Pt. III. Provided with one of the  darkest beats ever, Prodigy raps &quot;Lookin' for P, well you can find me  everywhere, in a project right near you, I'll be right there&quot;. Another  gem on the album can come on the sequel to Trife Life on &quot;The  Infamous&quot;, More Trife Life, continuing the song where it left off.  More amazing cuts come in such like Still Shinin', Bloodsport, Can't Get  Enough Of It, and Drop A Gem 'On Em. Mobb Deep may not flaunt how gangsta  they are, cuz they don't have to. That's cuz they know the rules of ghetto  life and have the talent to portray it to the fullest. Ghetto life is dark,  not happy, and that's exactly what the Infamous Mobb Deep showed not only  in this album, but all their work.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Can't she just get hit with another camera, and maybe ruin her face? I mean, come on! We already have enough teeny bopper bands here, we don't need more of them making new albums. All of her songs sound the same, and  in every one she's talking about a guy, who she'll never get. And does she  really have to show off her boobs. NEWS FLASH!  EVERBODY ALREADY KNOWS YOU  GOT A BOOB JOB, YOU DON'T NEED TO SHOW THEM OFF IN EVERYONE OF YOUR  VIDEOS!
B00003CX5A|5.0|This movie was just full of Tim burtons signuter cinimatic senses. A work of art, and funny as hell, it was funny while scaring you half to death with plenty of action. And at the side lines a love story in which Jonney  Depp is extrodinary, he is through the whole movie. You might remember him  from Edward sissor hands, another Burton masterpeice. I hold this movie in  me top 3 with interveiw with a vampire. All and all a good movie.
6305090564|4.0|This is the sort of film that makes going to the movies fun. And it makes owning a home theatre system even more so. This film is the most cliched, overblown, obvious creature feature you have ever seen, with ideas  balatantly stolen from other films. But this film works! Treat Williams is  not your typical square jawed action hero, as you'd expect to find in a  film like this, but nevertheless he carries the film well. Famke Janssen is  the token female (in an otherwise all male cast) and its shows. Her  inclusion into the cast was an obvious crowd puller and to allow for some  kind of romantic sub-plot between her and Williams.   The film is just  plain fun, and anyone who complains that it isn't plausible or realistic  needs to purchase a sense of humour.   While the DVD doesn't contain much  in the way of extras, i still recommend this disc to anyone who likes a  slam bam action blast, with the final edge-of-your-seat chase sequence sure  to have you cheering at the end.    Lovely sound, and decent picture, this  disc is one you should own, if not for any reason but to test out your  speakers.
B00000JBCP|5.0|With all due respect to Santana's and Ruben Blades' efforts, Mana's MTV Unplugged album was the best of 1999 - latin or otherwise. Great musically, with piercing lyrics.
6304973179|5.0|This is a great movie.  The charactors are memorable, especially the predator itself.  The music is tense and suspensful, but not overblown 'hero' music, which would've been completely out of place here.  The  settings, from the military base to the helicopters to the beautiful, lush  jungle, are absolutely fantastic.  The special effects are very good, still  perfectly good today in the age of CGI.  The action is excellent, the humor  slick, and the gore at just the right level.  I recommend this film to  anyone who wants to see what is simply an excellent action movie.
0553278355|5.0|Frequently, when I read about The Bell Jar, reviewers caomment on the parallels between Esther, and the author.  Then they proceed to describe the book's harrowing descent into madness.    I almost hate to burst the  bubble, but after reading the book, I find it to be widely misinterpreted.   The book is not about Esther's problems, but the problems of the world  about her.    When Plath wrote the book, she did so under a pseudonym. Not  only, (as many suggest,) to avoid the ire of her friends, whose loosely  drawn chariactures pepper this book, but also because of it's biting  censure of her male oriented society.  I have NO DOUBT in my mind that when  Plath wrote the Bell Jar, she had no intentions of killing herself.  I  think the work should be viewed in that light, and when one does, it takes  on a different, and far more profound meaning.  Plath still needed to work  in her time, so (In my opinion,) she wrote the Bell Jar to attack the  restricted role of a woman in society, and she conveniently provided an out for any harsh critic, namely, that the main character is insane.  To read  it now, and interpret the main character as an insane, or unreliable  narrator does a great disservice to what Plath intended for this work.       Plath, like Esther, was perhaps the smartest woman in America during her  time.  She won countless scholarships, and like Esther, a guest editing  slot at Mademoiselle.  Now a woman of her talents would be at Harvard on a  full ride, but during her day, Esther, and Plath could only hope to someday  become the editor of a glamor mag, forever telling women how to tell if  their lover is cheating.  Not much of an existance for a bright young  woman.    Plath vents this frustration in the Bell Jar.  Esther sees men all  about her that will always be accepted, that will not be held back if they  desire to become something irrational, or take on large career goals.       I'm thinking specifically of the birth sequence in the middle, when  Buddy and Esther watch Mrs Tomolino  give birth to her child.  A fat intern  says that women shouldn't be allowed to watch a birth, otherwise there'd  never be any children. (I am paraphrasing.)  Implying their unfitness to be  a doctor, (while his own obvious physical limitations are of course,  ignored.)  What a ridiculous notion.  The men assume that Esther will not  be able to stand watching the birth but she does well, noting the use of  the drug.  When she is told that it doesn't kill the pain, but only makes  the woman forget it, Esther thinks that this is a perfect example of a  man's drug.  One that allows the pain to exist, but shuts it away in a dark  tunnel, where someday it will rise to swallow the woman. (Again with the  paraphrasing.)     Other signs of this exist throughout the work.  In fact,  one can go as far as to say that every time her life is on track, or Esther  is suceeding, the event is derailed in actuality, or symbolically, by man.   (I've checked, and it is so.)  The image of a bottled baby arises again and  again, and Esther later states that she hates the role of mother, because  of the restrictions it implies.  To give in to the maternal impulse is to  chain yourself to a child, to trap yourself, to become the bottled baby.   Esther remarks that it is almost as if nature knew about the restrictive  world of men, and it agreed, conspiring against her biologically as  well.    I think that perhaps the single most telling line in the book is  delivered by Buddy, whom I saw as a representative of men in Esther's life.   When Esther, and Buddy's earlier girlfriend both end up committed, Buddy  asks if there is something about him that \\"drives women crazy. \\"      If you read carefully, you'll note that Esther's doctor refutes the  question, and dismisses it as a sort of casual \\"Of course not.\\"   Esther simply pushes some foam from the edge of her cup back into the  coffee, and says nothing.  Not because she agrees with the doctor... Else  shewould add her comments, but because he speaks the truth, and she knows  affirming this will keep her in the asylum.    There is much much more that  the enlightened reader may discover on his or her own, and I recommend that  everyone who has read this book in their adolescent fits of suicidal  fantasy, should return to the work with an eye towards its social  commentary.  I think you'll find the work to be stimulating, and still  (sadly) relevant today.  I only wish that Plath had found the strength to  live though her troubles.  We would still be reading her book, and revering  it as a classic, but uncolored by her own experiences, the book could be  freed of our society's focus on Esther's suicide attempt, and more on the  conditions that created it, which  definitely were NOT in her head.
1563890119|4.0|Only giving it 4 stars, because I will save 5 for future issues which get better...<br />I am not going to waste words trying to explain why Neil Gaiman's &quot;Sandman&quot; is the epitomy of modern stoytelling.  Enough  has been written already and if you are just being introduced to this  series as I have been, then you have already heard all about the stories  themselves. I will just say that &quot;Preludes and Nocturnes&quot; is a  MUST to read first.  It's important to know some of the things that will be  explained and referred back to in later stories.  Gaiman goes to Hell and  back (literally) and covers a whole spectrum of things, from the whimsical  to the horrifying.<br />Gaiman's storytelling is masterful and believe me as  someone who has taught English before, his books will someday (if they are  not already) be used within some college course to learn the great  literature that was produced in the latter days of the 20th Century.  The  self-absorbed literary intelligensia in this country will probably dismiss  it as &quot;mere comic strips,&quot; not to be elevated up to the level of  true literature...they are pompous windbags. Some might even dismiss these  stories as pagan or even (gasp) satanic.  That would be nothing new in the  comic world.  Those folks are limited in scope and little of brain.<br />Am I  saying too much?  Wait and see.  Better yet.  Pick up these books and find  out for yourself.  I doubt you will be disappointed. If you are intelligent  and want to be able to put a book down and continue to think about it for  another week because it was THAT GOOD, then these need to be in your  collection of must reads.  <br />You will read them again, so forget about  about trying to borrow them from a friend.   <br />Describing these as comics  is a great understatement and mischaracterization.  To say it's a graphic  novel probably is too weak, but it will do until some future generation  develops their own classification of this literature  (&quot;graphic-literature?&quot; --has promise.) Enjoy.
630575067X|3.0|My sole purpose in writing this review is that one of the folks at Lucasfilm will read it and get their act together. The movie all in all wasn't all that bad I suppose. The effects were excellent, the acting was  up to par for the most part but the script....... If there is such a thing  as a script Doctor in Hollywood, this thing needed Jack Kevorkian. There  was no character development, no suspense and many of the main characters  didn't even talk , Darth Maul for example.  And poor Samuel L. Jackson. Why  under heaven do you cast such a huge actor in a big budget movie and give  him three speaking parts? The scenes with young Anakin Skywalker made much  of the film seem like &quot;Home Alone&quot; with space ships.  I am an  avid Star Wars fan and Loved chapters 4 &amp; 5, though Return of the Jedi  was the weakest of the bunch. It seems all the mistakes Lucas made in Jedi  he repeated in episode 1.<br />In short- excellent effects, mediocre acting,  awful script. Hope Episode two is better
B00004T9UF|5.0|If you only know Eminem for &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, then approach the album with caution.  Don't go out and buy this album expecting every song to be like the one just mentioned, because they aren't.  Also, anyone  who likes a lot of pop, or is a die-hard Will Smith fan, then don't buy the  record without listening to it first.  If, however, you can handle his  verbal antics, or if you've liked him since the Infinite LP, then by all  means run out and buy it right away.  Now, on to the music, well, it's  pretty damn ill.  This kid cements his place in the hall of fame as one of  the nicest lyricists to come out of Detroit, hell, the whole damn country.   Songs like &quot;Kill You&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; show the things that  this kid can rip on a mic, and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; shows his  twisted viewpoints on the boy/girl bands.  It's all gravy, quite basically,  so if you like tight lyricists, or if you can respect a skilled MC, then  run out right now and steal this album.
0671027344|5.0|I can totally relate to Mr. Chbosky's character Charlie!  It was so amazing reading this book not only the first time, but the last 17 times..I'm sure it'll amaze the 18th and 19th and so on...People often compare it to Salinger's Catcher in the Rye, but I think it is so excellent  that you cannot compare it to anything..maybe I feel so strongly because it  so closely parallels my life..I, too, LOVE Rocky Horror Picture Show, I  read &amp; make friends with my english teachers, I feel infinte when I  hear the perfect song on the perfect drive, and I face all of the problems  and fears Charlie did as I make my way through high school...EVERYONE  PLEASE READ THIS BOOK!
B00004T9UF|5.0|With this album Eminem is on top of the world. Dre and Mel-Man take care of the producin and beats. It is a winning combination. If you don't have this album get it A.S.A.P.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I think this cd was really cool, but why did she want to record songs that were the same? I say go hang with Christina, they are a perfect match! They are both so girlie girlie. I say if you like girlie girle stuff buy it but  if not don't waste your time.  My fav. songs were Lucky and Oops!...I did  it again.  The other songs were kind of bogus.
B000002B35|5.0|There are times in my life when I was down. The cd and the band really helped me through it all. My Pulse cds are worn out because of overplay. I bring them to Canada, to Australia, to Singapore, to anywhere in the  world...they soothe me, they put some comfort on me like a dear old friend  who always keeps me company.<br />From the opening sad notes of Shine On, via  the Wish you Were here intro, to the bleeding solo of Comfortably Numb that  rips my heart open...they never stop to amaze me. Too bad there's no new  material to match this 'greatest hits' live compilation. Some people don't  like this Pulse album, that's fine...if you don't like it, simply don't buy  it. Me? I am very satisfied.<br />The myth of Gilmour is so very true. Even a  riffmeister like Dave Mustaine put Gilmour's solo on Comfortably Numb as a  masterpiece. He could say more with less notes than others who played the  whole fretboard. Too bad, as a pure musician he doesn't have Roger Water's  dark lyrics that put PF's identity. Overall...this one truly shines, and  maybe the last PF album we ever hear &lt;the Wall live is not counted&gt;  <br />Yesterday I put Pulse, The Wall and Is there Anybody Out There back to  back to back. I play the three Comfortably Numb versions and I feel a  relief that somebody could sing out my heart and what I feel these days.  The Solo. It gives me a release of my anger, sadness, depression and  confusion from my break up to my ex-gf. She always kept the volume low when  I put my headphones on because she said it would destroy my hearing. Guess  what? She's gone and Pink Floyd keeps on playing
B00003CX5A|4.0|Sleepy Hollow was just an amazing film achievement for Tim Burton (the director), I am not saying Tim's a bad director, he is one of my favorite (if not the best). I loved the gothic sence of the forest, the village, the  fact that it was never sunny and bright outside. Another thing to look for  in the film, is a cameo from none other than Christopher Lee [The Mummy  (the 1950's version) and , The Curse of Frankenstein] as the judge in New  York in 1799. Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci both did superb acting jobs  in the film. Overall a classic hammer (studios) film. If you have yet to  see it, I recommend to rent it NOW!
B00003RQNJ|3.0|I already own the Special Edition Laser Disc and purchased this  DVD on the strength of the technical information re. sound supplied by Amazon which is actually incorrect. The DVD sound is Dolby Digital 2.00  MONO and  not 5.1. One of the reviews also gives the impression that there has been a  remix providing a full 5.1 soundstage. This a  disappointment and if you  already own the laser disc you should be induced into purchsing this item.
6305657947|3.0|The presence &amp; chemistry of Rene Russo &amp; Pierce Brosnan in this film is undeniable.  They lift the movie to a new height.  The movie started slowly but towards the end, it gets better.  The nudity in the  movie comes as a surprise though.  The highlight of the show would  definitely be how Pierce Brosnan put the original painting back in the  museum despite that all cops were eyeing on him.  Only when you have  watched the movie you would appreciate the term, life imitates art!  I wish  supporting cast such as Dennis Leary gets more air-time but I suppose this  Thomas Crown Affair is really a Pierce Brosnan-Rene Russo movie.  Overall,  a commendable action romance movie.
6304504012|5.0|What excellence in direction by Alan Parker.  This film, must be seen...if only for the breathtaking cinemaphotography.  <br />Before I saw this film someone told me that every scene in this movie could be a photograph.  And,  after seeing it, I couldn't agree more!  Truly beautiful, rich and  delightful.  A treat for your eyes.<br />Madonna plays Eva Paron...a poor  bastard daughter of a married man.  She wants to suceed in life and begins  to let men help her climb the ladder to social sucess.  <br />Antonio Banderas  plays the narriator.  It was funny to see him so serious after seeing him  in his previous work.  His voice is excellent for his part.<br />Madonna is so  believable in this film. And I was glad she was chosen for the part.   <br />Eva finaly meets Paron, they marry.  He uses her to gain political  support (as the people love her)  She uses him to climb lifes sucess  ladder.  I do believe they did love each other.<br />The music is excellent.   Almost everyone has heard the following popular songs from this film, You  must Love Me...and Don't Cry For Me Argintina&quot; <br />A warning to viewers  who don't like musicals:  Almost he whole movie is done in song.<br />Evita on  video is also a great cost saver.  It would cost at least that or more to  see it on broadway...and with the video, you can watch it whenever you want  to. If not to buy Evita, rent it to see it...beautiful work.
B00003CX5A|4.0|This movie is every bit a Tim Burton's movie with its haunting &amp; atmospheric setting.  It reminds the viewers of the Gothic setting in Batman, Edwards Scissorhands &amp; even The Night before Christmas. This  movie is more than just being a horror-romance movie but it's also a black  comedy as well.  I'm fairly surprised by the suspense nature of the movie  but when the mystery is made known, everything becomes predictable.   Perhaps, if  the suspense is dragged on longer, it would captivate more  interest of the viewers.  Johnny Depp is comfortable as the role of the  male lead, an eccentric detective cop from the Big Apple.  He is  hillariously funny at times &amp; has proven his versatility in playing  other roles in Donnie Brasco, or even Astronaut's Wife.  Christina Ricci is  definitely coming of age &amp; is convincing in her role as this voluptuous  but intelligent female lead. She seems to have gone from strength to  strength since her heyday in Addams Family.   Watch out for cameo  appearances by Christopher Lee &amp; Walther Matthaw.  Christopher Walken  is great as the headless horse rider.  If you are a Tim Burton's fan, you  would definitely enjoy the movie.  Worth viewing.
6305903182|5.0|So you liked scream, but didn't think Scream 2 was up to the same  standard? Worried this film will be the same? DON'T! This brings back the  comedic Horrer that made scream such a big box office smash, and of coarse  more of that trademark poking fun of the horrer genre that we all love,  trust me this is &quot;A Scream baby!&quot;<br />It is set around the set of  &quot;Stab 3&quot; The only one of the stab films not based on real life or  a book written By Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox, Scream 1 &amp; 2 and  Friends). But someone wants to make his own sequal and ofcoarse its up to  our beloved heroine (Neve Campbell Scream 1 &amp; 2, Party of Five) to  track down the killer/s but not without a little help from her buddies Gale  and Dewey (David Arquette Scream 1 &amp; 2).  there are Some great Scream  New comers introduced in this film, probably the most memorable being  Parker Posey Playing the Hilarious Jeniffer Jolie theres also Patrick  Dempsey, Jenny McCarthy and Felicity's Scott Foley. Also Liev Schreiber and  Jamie Kennedy make small but Awsome Cameos. Believe me this movies got it  all and all i can say is that it's all over and it goes of with a  bang!<br />And remember the Last scream is always the most terrifying! SCR3AM
0137549202|4.0|I am referring here to the Digital Signal Processing (DSP) that the authors wrote in the 1970's or earlier versus the more recent editions of Discrete-Time Signal Processing (DTSP).<br />I have both the DSP version and  the 1st edition of DTSP, and used them for coursework.  From my personal  recollection: I tried to take an introductory graduate-level DSP course  twice, once with the old DSP text (but did not get to finish), and the  second time completing the course from another college with the DTSP text.   DSP, in spite of its introductory and pioneering nature, turned out to be  the more readable and better organized textbook among the two.  It is  shorter by many pages, less verbose, less &quot;heavy and circular in  arguments&quot;, and quicker to come to the point, not to mention being  clearer, more lucid, and well-illustrated with good examples and diagrams  without overwhelming the reader.  The beginning chapters are well written  with introduction to the applications of Complex Variables in the context  of DSP as an EE subject.  In short, DSP by Oppenheim and Schafer is the  less ambitious book of the two, but really accomplishes much more by doing  less and focusing on the essential concepts underlying DSP.<br />I can see why  and where many beginning EE Signal Processing students tend to get  frustrated.  DTSP, 1st edition, is actually a rewritten version of DSP,  albeit meant to be a major extension (or expansion, if you wish) with more  applications appended and &quot;heavier expositions&quot;.  (This reminds  me of many other books by MIT EE faculty on the market.)  I find the most  frustrating part of DTSP is the chapters on transcending from the Discrete  Fourier Transform (DFT) to Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).  Why?  All you  have to do is look at the way the authors present the DFT, then get to  understand the truncated DFT, and try to follow the steps that supposedly  get one toward FFT's - not at all clear or well-connected conceptually.  Itis even more obvious when one tries to do the moderately difficult and  somewhat tedious exercises at the back of each chapter.  While it is true  that DTSP appears superficially &quot;precise and rigorous&quot;, I find it  a bit convoluted and too ambitious in its treatment of digital signal  processing topics, indicative of a desire to reflect trappings of the  latest applications by demonstrating the power of the theory presented.   Why not just return to the fundamentals of DSP and limit the topics to a  manageable level, thereby retaining a high degree of visibility for the  more average EE student.  (Maybe DTSP was meant to be taught by the authors  themselves, or by their Ph.D. students.  That way, the obscure points,  discussions and topics in the textbook could be explained away in live  classroom lectures via student interactions.  Right?)  In spite of all  this, I think DTSP has intrinsic value in EE Signal Processing, being that  it retained much of the key concepts in the older DSP text with some  original flavor.<br />Suggestion to authors: Write another book on DSP, but  limit the book to concepts and some elementary applications, just like the  1970's original, or better still edit and update the original to be  published as an inexpensive classic by, say, Dover.  Rewrite DTSP as the  follow-on textbook.  How about it?  I really miss the lucid style of the  more original DSP textbook by the authors.  And I mean it, seriously!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This Eminem cd is far better than his first cd The Slim Shady LP. I Love it. Thank God For Dr. Dre. Dre and Eminem are 2 of the best rappers out today next to Snoop Dog and Master P.
B000002LGQ|5.0|I bought this CD when it first came out in 1989. I was only 7 years old, but 11 years later this is still my favorite album of all time. While Madonna has put on many different disguises throughout her career, this  album comes closest to revealing the real woman behind the mask. On the  cover she bares her belly, on the music she bares her soul (hehehe). This  is a rich, passionate, and mature album that never resorts to being  &quot;trendy&quot; the way her recent work has. Here she is in full control  of many different styles, including gospel, funk, soul, rock, pop,  psychedelica, Latin and classical (yes, all on one album)!  And, believe  it or not, it all WORKS!  Every song is excellently crafted, with  heartfelt lyrics, beautiful melodies, and unique arrangements. There is an  organic feel to the album, with the use of violins and classical Latin  guitars throughout. &quot;Oh Father&quot; and &quot;Promise To Try&quot;  are the most powerful songs Madonna ever recorded, her voice SOARS with so  much feeling, and her voice is so much darker and more soulful than  anything on the overrated &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; album. I really feel  that &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; is Madonna's greatest musical statement,  it's just that people weren't ready for it at the time, so it's only now  with &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; that Madonna is getting the respect she has  always deserved. However, long after the bleeps and bloops of &quot;Ray Of  Light&quot; have gone out of style, &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; will reign as  Madonna's greatest achievement.
B000002JK2|5.0|By far, this is the most relaxed recording of Pete Townshend's that you'll ever hear, wherein Pete's occasionally furrowed brow gets lightened up by the original happy-go-lucky-rogue-with-a-heart-of-gold, the late great  Ronnie Lane. A breath of fresh air, this.  It really was worth it to hear  Pete exclaim, in &quot;My Baby Gives It Away&quot; about the blues, &quot;I  beat 'em&quot; - (for the moment) -- in a lighthearted rocker about the  enduring power of lust.  Together with a tongue in cheek  &quot;Misunderstood&quot;, Pete's sense of humour finally saw the light of  day again.  I especially love &quot;Keep Me Turning&quot; for it's sense of  wistful, evanescent longing.  And I think &quot;Street In The City&quot;  holds up.  It was the first of several experiments Pete was to make with  orchestration.  If you've heard his recent Lifehouse Chronicles, you'll see  that this really has led to an interesting expansion of his compositional  range. But the counterpoint of Ronnie Lane was a surpising and effective  match here. Ronnie takes the bridge from an earlier song of his (Slim  Chance's &quot;Give Me A Penny&quot;) and crafts an even more beautiful  song,  a classic ballad, &quot;Annie&quot;.  &quot;April Fool&quot; (Ron's  birthday), a nod to the domesticated death of the carefree romance of  wanderlust, really is made by Eric Clapton's dobro. &quot;Catmelody&quot;  is rockin' Ronnie telling us his sad, sad tale with unerring honesty. (It's  interesting to note that after the folkish Lane left the Faces, Rod  Stewart's own folksy touch went into steep decline.)  My only frustration  with this CD is that Ron and Pete apparently couldn't get their pens  together to see what happened; as it is, we do have &quot;Heart To Hang  Onto&quot;, with Ron and Pete trading off vocals to chilling effect. The  only lukewarm responses are to the title-track instrumental and the closer,  &quot;Til The Rivers All Run Dry.&quot;  I don't have the credits in front  of me, but Idon't think it belongs to Hank Williams.  Maybe Don Williams,  or if memory serves me, a couple of down-on-their-luck Nasheville nobodies  I'd never heard of, before or since. But this truly was a lovely,  once-in-a-lifetime rough gem.
6304913176|3.0|First rate action scenes, but comic book story and characters. The futuristic movie follows a group of former students who enlist in the armed forces and find themselves fighting giant insects.  One young man goes from  raw recruit to colonel in only a year (&quot;Here's to bloody war and quick  promotion&quot;, you might say)  Fast forward the first hour, but watch for  the uni-sex shower.  The battle scenes are intense and exciting (and  gruesome). The characters suffer from testosterone overload, even the  women, as fights break out frequently and everybody tries to out-macho the  next guy (or gal).<br />If you want exciting action, this movie has it, but if  you want drama as well, it's not there.
B000002H33|1.0|I bought the black album and I totally loved it. Then after that I bought S&amp;M another good one. On S&amp;M I loved all the songs from master of puppets so i bought the cd master of puppets. I totally hated it. The only single song I kind of liked just a tiny bit was battery and that song gets  old. i strongly recomend you DO NOT bye this cd if you have listened to the  newer metallica!
B0000000LI|5.0|Yanni has uncovered a new world of music. From the very craftfully thought out instrumentation and orchestration, to passion that is felt in the performance of his music at the Acropolis, Yanni has opened doors to new  musical oppurtunities, both for the listener and the composer.
B00000613T|5.0|This recording of Mahler's 9th symphony by Boulez is quite astonishing because of Boulez's analytical grasp of music (every fine detail is played exactly as it should be). I know many interpretations of Mahler and only  Boulez seems to fully understand true Mahler music.  If you love Mahler  you'll adore this recording, and if you can't stand Mahler, buy it and  LISTEN !
6304415346|5.0|I LOVE this movie: the concept behind the Borg race is great, and this time they're more realistic than in the TV series...
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a good, cyber fantasy film, this is a film for everyone. Very good special effects, Good story, Good actors, more matrix films coming in the future. If you havn't already heard of this film get it now.
0790750627|5.0|This is the best Alfred Hitchock movie, (although I have not seen &quot;Rear Window&quot;, yet) and one of the best movies of all time.  Great acting.  Great story line.  Great action.  Great suspense.  Great  entertainment, even funny at times. Just when you think it is over, it goes  on - with more suspense and action.  Maybe more than any other movie, I  felt a real hatred for the bad guys.  This is a must see movie for  everyone.
0780624890|4.0|Blade is a interesting Vampire film with an interesting twist. It has good special effects. Plenty of action and some very good fight scenes and set in modern day. The director is Stephen Norrington, Main actors; Wesley  Snipes, Stephen Dorf. This film is 117 mins long, and has an alternative  ending! The script, some times feels a little unrealistic, but this is a  vampire film and tries to keep to the original script.
0790750627|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever.  It is a must see for everyone.  It has GREAT acting, entertainment, action, suspense, and surprises.  It is even entertainingly funny at times.  Just when you think it is over, it  goes on with more suspense and action.  It is a long movie, but the time  goes by fast.
B00003W8NM|4.0|This film is an exploration of a mans mind. It is very well done. This is not a Hollywood film. No singing,dancing,happy ending. It shows film in a realism not often seen. The quality of it's components is truly amazing.  This is a vilolent film, this is not the plot of the film, rather a graphic  represention of a man. If you like brutality this is one for you. If you  like intelectual films this is a film for you. If you like cool well made  films this is a film for you. What are you waiting for buy it...
0679746048|2.0|This was a very fast read, but didn't pack a lot of punch. The author recounts her experiences as a mental patient, implying she was pushed into the hospital and forced to stay there, and even mistreated. But then the  way she tells her story makes it clear she volunteered to go in. It never  shows her asking to be let out or even really wanting to be out in the  world. On the contrary, in the hospital she is &quot;safe.&quot; Nor is she  mistreated. If anything the staff is very conscientious and caring. It was  obviously a well-run, expensive treatment center, even in the  1960s.<br />Obviously as a teenager, the author felt a need to be there, a  need not to have to make choices about her life at age 18. She herself said  she didn't want to go to college or get a job, and had no interest in doing  anything. Instead she tried to kill herself and hurt her body.<br />In the  hospital, there was no real mistreatment I could see (check out  &quot;Frances&quot; if you want to know about mistreatment in mental  hospitals!). This author had it pretty good. And she DID need help--she was  depressed enough to attempt suicide, and was physically abusing her own  body. Every teen questions their place in the universe, but every teen does  NOT try to rip open his or her hand with her bare fingers to see the bones  inside to prove they're &quot;real.&quot; She describes her pain and  suffering and inability to cope, but then later attempts to say her  diagnosis made no sense--despite the fact she fits the profile. Really  strange.<br />The author reveals an underlying bitterness about her  experience, which isn't exactly explained. The whole account was rather  odd--as if selective memory is at work. She never explains anything about  her home life or her relationship with her parents--who are footing the  bill for this very expensive mental hospital. How could the author leave  such an important factor out, when she went into the hospital at age 18?  She also skims over her brief marriage, and jumbles the timeline so it's  difficult to tell what happened when. Worse, she completely skips over how  and when and WHY she finally got out (which turns out to be 18 months  later, NOT two years!). I was left with an overwhelming feeling of how  bitter this woman is, and how she has a lot of issues still to work out. My  hopes are with her.<br />By the way, for a gripping account of teenage mental  illness, I recommend &quot;I Never Promised You a Rose Garden.&quot;
B00000G3Q4|4.0|Warning.This film comes in three parts. Evil dead 1, 2 and the Army of Darkness. Each part can be seen seperatly, but for the best effect watch together, I have also seen 2 endings to the last part of this film. If you  are interested in hearing about them mail me. These films are one of my all  time favourites. This is a horror, suspence, comedy, film. Lots of blood.  Also lots of really violent film deletions, or should I say sensoring. If  you are unlucky enough to get a sensored version, then I would be very  sorry for you, but this film doesn't rely on scenes's of incredible  viloence anyway. so still worth the buy.
B000002NCW|4.0|I am a huge fan of Mike, and have almost all his albums now. Voyager was one of the last ones i bought, because i was expecting it to be extremely mediocre, but seriously - the last track, Mont St. Michel is absolutely  wonderful and ranks very, very highly as one of the kind of mid extended  instrumentals (wind chimes, the lake, taurus 2), the other tracks -  although a bit dull, are still wonderful if you are in the right mood. If  you are a mike fan, I recommend you buy this! because the Last track is  worth the purchase price alone.
B00004RJ74|4.0|This is not a film for every one. If you don't like Violent films this is not for you. If you do on the other hand, this is a very funny film. It  sometimes embraces unpopular social subjects. The acting is excellent.  There is nothing sterotypical about this film. Truly an oringal piece of  art. Oh yes and this is definitly a vampyre film.
6300988600|4.0|This was certainly one of the best of the 3rd season.  It was fun to contrast this episode with the one in the first season when Spock was also in command, when the Gallileo shuttlecraft crash-landed on a hostile  planet.  That time, Kirk fought to recover his friends while Spock worked  to recover the captain from a stellar interphase in this one.  Spock is  much more comfortable with command in this episode; he is able to say  worthy comments at Kirk's memorial service, while he had to ask Dr. McCoy  to perform a similar thing in the Gallileo episode.  He is momentarily  discomfited at hearing Scotty calling him Captain.  I understand the value  of opposing views establishing conflict and drama, but McCoy totally  misinterpreted Spock's actions.  It was an error to have McCoy playing this  kind of part because he knows Spock better than that by this time.  It is  so obvious why Spock stayed and risked engaging the Tholians.  But, McCoy  was just as insubordinate as he was in the Gallileo episode.  Both Spock  and Scotty are totally in character in this episode and except for McCoy's  irrationality, the family atmosphere between the main characters is evident  (notice how careful Sulu is with Chekov after he goes berserk). An  excellent episode.
6305428220|4.0|This film looked like your average, Oh no my hair is out of place scream type of film from the adverts, but surprisingly turned out to have a good level of suspence horror and violence mixed together with a story line and  some detective work to make a good horror film of 90's this is certainly a  modern horror movie of a good quality. Good Actors, Good effects, Not your  standard Hollywood movie.
B00003CWN2|1.0|Okay where do I begin, First of all this movie made me feel ashamed to be a resident in the  state of Nebraska. I mean seriously, do I really want the people who see this movie to think that we're all like this?  NO we are  not all child abusing, pot smoking, alcoholics.
6305095442|4.0|Warning.This film comes in three parts. Evil dead 1, 2 and the Army of Darkness. Each part can be seen seperatly, but for the best effect watch together, I have also seen 2 endings to the last part of this film. If you  are interested in hearing about them mail me. These films are one of my all  time favourites. This is a horror, suspence, comedy, film. Lots of blood.  Also lots of really violent film deletions, or should I say sensoring. If  you are unlucky enough to get a sensored version, then I would be very  sorry for you, but this film doesn't rely on scenes's of incredible  viloence anyway. so still worth the buy.
B000000W5L|4.0|I bought my first copy of this classic LP about 20 years ago, and after listening to it once, I didn't like it.  I spent years fast-forwarding through much of it, as I felt the album contained too much filler and too  many throw-aways.<br />After forcing myself to sit through &quot;Exile&quot;  during a long road trip, I began to appreciate it more.  I have found  myself listening to it all the way through more and more, though I like  some songs more than others.<br />Until &quot;Some Girls,&quot; this was the  best Stones LP of the 70s.  Its predecessor, &quot;Sticky Fingers,&quot;  had a few good songs on it, but I always felt that album was incomplete.   This one is not only complete, its cup runneth over.<br />The best songs,  &quot;Tumbling Dice,&quot; &quot;Happy,&quot; and &quot;All Down The  Line,&quot; are greatly complemented by the rest of the tracks.   &quot;Sweet Virginia&quot; is a classic, while &quot;Torn and Frayed&quot;  is one of the best songs the Stones have, to my knowledge, never played  live.  The lyrics in &quot;Torn&quot; are great. <br />There are enough tracks  on &quot;Exile&quot; to make a great single album, but the Stones must have  felt a compulsion to release a double album at the time, much as The  Beatles did in 1968 with The White Album.<br />If The Stones had waited a year  and substituted some tracks from &quot;Goats Head Soup&quot; and &quot;It's  Only Rock and Roll&quot; with some of the throw-aways on &quot;Exile,&quot;  this album could have become the ultimate Stones album of the 70s.<br />In  all, a keeper and one of the 10 best classic rock albums.
6305531374|5.0|I am not an avid fan of the Halloween series. Yes I have seen most of them. Jamie Lee Curtis, this is a reason to see this film. As usual her acting is without comparrison. This film passed my expectations in being a  genuinely very good horror film. The actors performed very well, the script  was better than average. Lots of blood. It even had a little suspence. This  film is a good buy.
B00004SCX6|5.0|MAN!   I wish that all the negative people in this little &quot;internet world&quot; would stop pushing so many negative comments about Britney Spears.  They are all personal oppinion (and jealousy...but we wont go into that...)  You are all too concerned with what britney is (or isnt) wearing  than actually listening to the songs on the record.  NOT TO MENTION the  fact that if you didnt like Britney...WHY did you buy the album...and WHY  is she currently NUMBER ONE on Billboard!   Bottom line...this is a GOOD  CD.  MUCH better than her dabut!  So many people are trying to over-analyze  here.  Its a catchy record...and even if the lyrics aren't brilliant,  they're fun and seem to ALWAYS be stuck in your head.  I have listened and  love every song on this CD....i havent even LISTENED to some of the songs  on the first record...they were so juvinial and lyricaly trite.  LIke I  said....this is a good album...and you can only judge it if you buy it.  So  to all you Britney-bashers out there...maybe you should actually give her a  chance rather that bash her so incessantly.  Have you nothing else to do  than rag on a beautiful 18 year old girl?
B00002E233|4.0|This is a Very Good Film. Great acting all round. Amazing Special effects. It makes jaws look like a yellow rubber duck floating in your bath. This is the first shark horror film I have ever seen. I have seen the Jaws films  all of them, they are interesting but no cigar. This goes with on the shelf  with the all time good horror, suspence and action films. Buy it.
B00004RFFM|4.0|I've got a bone or 2 to pick with this film, even though its great, Deep Blue Sea has it's problems. Why did only 2 people live in the end? Why is there so many shark attacks? Why did they have to kill the cute birdie?  Oh well.<br />Welcome to Aquatica, home of the big, mean, smart, fast sharks.  Unfortunately, there is a storm and the gang there find out that the sharks  have broken out and are now looking for something to chew on! Who's gonna  make it out? Who will kill those .... sharks? Not telling, you'll just  have to sit back, scream and enjoy.<br />'Deep Blue Sea' is the best shark  flick ever. See it!
B00001ODHL|4.0|Warning.This film comes in three parts. Evil dead 1, 2 and the Army of Darkness. Each part can be seen seperatly, but for the best effect watch together, I have also seen 2 endings to the last part of this film. If you  are interested in hearing about them mail me. These films are one of my all  time favourites. This is a horror, suspence, comedy, film. Lots of blood.  Also lots of really violent film deletions, or should I say sensoring. If  you are unlucky enough to get a sensored version, then I would be very  sorry for you, but this film doesn't rely on scenes's of incredible  viloence anyway. so still worth the buy.
B00003CX7K|5.0|Well, I'll tell ya a little story. I love it. It is as simpleas that. The animation is perfect and the direction is awesome and Tim Allen and Tom Hanks are a welcome suprise. <br />This time, Woody gets stolen by a myserious chicken man, and of course Buzz and the gang set out  to find him while encounting several other Buzzer's, a crashing bus and  sexy barbie dolls. What an adventure!<br />Move over, The Iron Giant, Toy  Story 2 is the best animated movie of 1999, and one the best movies I have  ever seen.
B00004T9UF|5.0|many artists who have a very sucessful debut album(I know ,I know but it was his debut on a &quot;big label&quot;)tend to follow it up with a not so sucessful &quot;sophmore release&quot; but Eminem bucks that tradition with  his new album, I will even go as far as to say I think  the Marshall  Mathers LP is a very good album from top to bottom
B00000K3UR|4.0|Most likely all movie-goers will enjoy this movie, even the thick ones who don't like silly comedies. I enjoyed the film, but it could of been better, maybe some music,  better direction and  improved acting from Sandler would  of earnt the film 5 stars. oh, and yeah, if that Cole Sprouse thinks he is  going to be the next Haley Joel Osment, think again, brother.<br />Overall a  funny and enjoyable movie with an awesome cast, something good to watch on  a Saturday.
B00004R997|3.0|For many Disney may mean quality family entertainment, but after purchasing Saludos Amigos on &quot;Disney DVD&quot; it also means watching a string of ads. Skipping the ads is a painful process that I shouldn't  have to go through. Each ad must be skipped over, there is no way to just  put in the disk and start watching the film. Each time the disk is played  the ads will play as well. After paying for the disk why should I have to  watch ads, I just want to watch the movie. The advertising doesn't seem to  lower the price of the product. In my opinion this tarnishes an otherwise  good film and I hope Disney tries to be a little more consumer friendly  with its future releases. I am also sad Disney felt it necessary to edit  the film.
B00003CX59|5.0|I love this movie, it is totally the best film of 1999. The most stylish and best horror in a long time. You'll love it.<br />Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp - marvellous in this one) has just been sent to discover the Headless  Horseman in a town called Sleepy Hollow. The Horseman is continously  decapitating residents of the small town, and Crane does not yet know he is  next in line.<br />You'll scream, you'll laugh - this movie has it all! Should  of won over American Beauty at the Oscars....
B00003CX59|4.0|I've loved the story of the headless horseman since I first read the story as a little kid. I was hoping when the movie came out, it would be as good as the story I remembered. I wasn't disappointed. The movie is very good  and I recommend it highly. For all of the kids out there that have never  heard of the story of the headless horseman, watch this movie and I'll be  willing to bet that you'll be captivated by the story also as so many  others of us have been.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Well, this CD was great. It sounded terrific. It sounded neat. But it doens't have as much good songs like in her first CD. Although most of the songs are so easy to learn. And lots of the songs easily get stuck in your  head. But the song I really love is #7. Lucky. Britney's voice sounds kinda  weird in this CD, but it still makes great notes for the songs. The song  Oops! I Did It Again, is maybe the best sung song in there, but I could be  wrong since everyone is titled to their own opinions. Well, what i am  trying to say is: Buy it. Listen to it. You will really enjoy it.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I don't like this cd because she always puts all the good songs more like one first and all the stupid songs last.  If she wanted to keep people listening she might want to put the dumb songs first and the good ones last  so people look forward to the end of the cd.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Well, this CD was great. It sounded terrific. It sounded neat. But it doens't have as much good songs like in her first CD. Although most of the songs are so easy to learn. And lots of the songs easily get stuck in your  head. But the song I really love is #7. Lucky. Britney's voice sounds kinda  weird in this CD, but it still makes great notes for the songs. The song  Oops! I Did It Again, is maybe the best sung song in there, but I could be  wrong since everyone is titled to their own opinions. Well, what i am  trying to say is: Buy it. Listen to it. You will really enjoy it.
B000003TA4|5.0|But it's very close. The thing I love most about this record is the fact that they killed the terrible hair bands and power ballads that polluted the radio at the time. The album itself is pretty much standard rock with  some of the best lyrics imaginable. Unfortunately, everyone and their  brother copied the sound and that pretty much soured me on  &quot;alternative&quot; music. But, this album still stands out and will  stand the test of time simply because it has so much more verve than any of  the other alternative bands (except for the Meat Puppets). <br />One thing  that I dislike is the fact that many critics have called this the best of  the nineties. I say that that honor goes to either Dylan's Time Out of Mind  or Beck's Odelay. But that's just my opinion, I could be wrong.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought Dido's CD &quot;No Angel&quot; a year ago and still haven't gotten tired of it.  Her lyrics are emotional and real, the music is funky and cool, and I just love every song on the album.  &quot;Here With  Me&quot; is beautiful and &quot;Honestly OK&quot; just sweeps me away with  its honesty.  I love Dido and this CD.  She is kind of like a  techno-enhanced Sarah McLachlan but more real-feeling.  It's like she's  talking right to you and you can both feel and understand her pain or  sadness or happiness.  Plus with her throaty vocals that get you right in  the soul, this CD is just awesome.
B000003TAR|3.0|Everything that made Nevermind great (excellent production, standard 3 chord rock in 4/4 time, and being just plain loud) makes In Utero seem weak by comparison. It's virtually the same album, only with worse production  (thanks to Steve Albini, one of the worst producers ever) and repetitive  song structures that get more annoying with every listen. That's not to say  there aren't great moments on the record (hey it's got All Apologies and  Dumb). But other than that I don't believe this is worth buying. In Utero  was pretty much Nirvana's response to being called sell-outs (which they  most certainly aren't). The album desperately reeks of trying to be cool.  For a better portrait of what Nirvana is great at get Unplugged or  Nevermind.
B000002P6R|3.0|Well, it's not quite a dog - in this reviewer's humble opinion, `Face Dances' is an improvement on its predecessor, `Who Are You' when the band sounded began to sound uncomfortably like Yes or one of those other bloated  prog-rock outfits.  But it's a muted Who without Keith Moon. &quot;Without  him, we're not a group,&quot; Pete Townshend had explained to a US audience  at one 1970s concert after Moon face planted into his drum kit following an  over-indulgence in pre-gig stimulants. This album half proved him right.   The opening track, `You Better You Bet', now ranks as a Who classic,  dominated by cascading keyboards, a pulsing tune rising to the usual Who  crescendo, and some of Townshend's dottiest lyrics. It didn't sound like a  Who classic at the time, but we were all getting used to the notion of the  Who sound without Keith Moon. Also lyrically odd is `How Can You Do it  Alone', which, in its auto-erotic subject matter, revisits `Pictures of  Lily'. Other highlights are the final cut on the original release, `Another  Tricky Day', which is pretty good, although it's a long way from being  another `Won't Get Fooled Again' - which I remember it being somewhat  over-excitedly matched with back in 1981. The downbeat `Don't let go the  Coat' sounds like an out-take from &quot;Empty Glass&quot;, Townshend's  solo album of the previous year, and the song's low-key, confessional style  would suit the guitarist's vocal style better than it does Daltrey's. But  it's a tuneful enough effort: it is just that Townshend would have given  what here is a slight little number a bit more depth. Entwhistle's  contributions are some of his most consistent on a Who album - `You' and  `The Quiet One' - the latter surely a personal statement by the bassist -  are great rockers. Some of the other tracks are best skipped - `Cache  Cache' and `Did You Steal My Money' are on the mediocre side. Overall, the  group do still sound like a good band. But they don't sound like the Who  any more. It's not a BAD album. It's just that the general tone and mood  remind me of the demeanor of my pet tomcat when he came back from the vets  no longer a tom, if you get my drift.
B00000055E|4.0|i think the album was pretty good.  not really up to 2pac's level now though.  i really liked disk one and kind of ignored disk 2.  overall the album was really nice to listen to, and i feel other people will like it to
B00004STPT|4.0|I saw the movie.  I bought the c.d.  My only complaint is that it isn't long enough!  I enjoy listening to the entire c.d. on &quot;repeat&quot; constantly.  The songs carry the listener through the entire film  (really-you can picture every scene-isn't that the purpose?).  If you value  the music in a film as much as the content of the film, this one won't  disappoint you.  I knew as I was watching the movie that I would like the  soundtrack.  Lisa Gerrard's work is absolutely wonderful, ethereal and a  wonderful compliment to Hans Zimmer's music.  As a collector of favorite  movie soundtracks, I must rate this one high on my list.  Try it, you'll  like it!
B00000J2KR|4.0|I haven't read the book. I'd seen the movie several times before ordering the DVD. It's the same utterly beautiful movie you remember, but the sound was a disappointment. I've read elsewhere that Kubrick deliberately avoids  stereophonic sound, but if he did this time the reason is beyond me. I  found it extremely distracting to hear familiar music coming out of my  high-end speakers sounding so dead. Otherwise...The most beautiful woman  I've ever, ever seen is Marisa Berenson in this movie, and the clarity of  the DVD presents the visual beauty of this film better than ever.
0425163407|1.0|I was hoping this would be a good mystery. I would love to tell you why this isn't a good mystery, but that would spoil it for anyone who may want to read this. Let's just say the ending and the delivery of the ending  leave a lot to be desired - For example - wait until you see what the  killer's motive is for everything that happened in this book. I am fighting  the urge to discuss this!  However, the technical detail is well-done  (except, at times, I found the endless descriptions of the various labs and  procedures somewhat boring). I will try her other books - hopefully they  will be less disappointing. This one robbed me of about 10-15 hours of my  life! If you read this book and want to complain about the ending - feel  free to email me at: albanylaoh@yahoo.com
B00004T9UF|5.0|If you think Eminem's first alblum was good, this is a must buy for you. Almost all of the songs on Eminem's new CD are excellent! Out of five stars I give the Marshall Mathers LP a 6!
0316743003|5.0|Truly masterfull piece that tells the true story of how the F-117 stealth fighter came into being. From the U-2 to the SR-71, to the F-117, Skunk Works follows the development of some of the most advanced aircraft known  to man. A definite must read for anyone who is remotely interested in  modern aircraft, this well-written book is engrossing and informative from  start to finish.
B000023X9W|4.0|Neil Young is arguably the finest songwriter of our time. Anyone who can write lyrics like &quot;Roads strech out like healthy veins, and wild gift horses strain the reins&quot; deserves everyone's attention. With  &quot;SILVER AND GOLD&quot; Neil goes back to his roots. Love, family,  friendships, and home are all covered here with the grace and ease with  which Neil Young has become so famous. All ten songs are of the highest  quality. My only complaint here is one of &quot;quantity&quot;. This disc  runs a total of 39:00. At regular C.D. prices one pays a premium for these  ten songs. I find myself at the &quot;Great Divide&quot; of quality over  quantity. SILVER AND GOLD is as good as any Neil Young release. If you love  Neil's music as much as I, then spend the money. It's well worth it.  Hopefully; his next release will give his fans a bit more bang for the  buck.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This cd is great. Even though some people might be all over him because of his lyrics and the content of the album. I say you guys dont' know a great lyricist when you hear one. Even though his words are sick, they are great.  They tell a story in every song, and you can feel his emotions through his  music. This cd is a definite buy for anyone who loves rap music.
B00000DGUY|5.0|I didn't even know who the dire straits were until last summer, when a college cousin played this cd. All I can say is DAMN!  There's not one bad song on here. Of course, there's &quot;Money for Nothing&quot; and  &quot;Walk of Life&quot;, but my personal favorite is &quot;Lady  Writer.&quot;<br />Really, I lucked out because along with this cd came  another one: a special edition cd of them in concert! If you happen to get  this one, don't forget to listen to the DAMN AWESOME solo of Mark Knopfler  on the guitar.
0684872153|5.0|The writer, Frank McCourt, can truly relay strong emotions through his words.  YOu feel for poor young Frank as he grows up deprived and miserable and yet neverthless he always helped out his mothe, nieghbours and father.   JUst when you start to think things will get good for the McCourts, and  Malachy stops drinkiing, little Margaret dies and the troubles grow.   Ireland offers no help and the death of the twins is a devastating blow to  Angela. You feel for frank when he is constantly looked upon as ugly and  dumb in comparision to Malachy Jr. who is bright , cute and happy. This  book is deeply touching and shows how poeple grew up in complete isolation  in Ireland ans that isolation spawned innocence or ignorance abou sexual  and racial issues.  It is a great book and i have yet to see the movie, and  read&quot;Tis&quot;
B00004D3C1|5.0|Wow!  What a cd!   This thing rocks!  It's a great throwback to the days of vans, bell-bottoms, and long hair.  You almost need to be in a jacked-up Camaro with an 8 track to really appreciate this cd.  This is pure no bs  pedal to the metal rock and roll.  Very Heavy and it never lets up.  If you  like brutal and simplistic rock and roll this is the cd for you.  Just buy  it ok?
B000002JSV|5.0|While &quot;Highway To Hell&quot; is a better overall album, this disc has possibly the best song these guys ever did: &quot;Sin City.&quot; This song absolutely kicks. The other songs on the album are strong. Angus can still  rip a solo off that will leave your ears bleeding. Bon Scott had one of the  most interesting voices in rock and roll. Get this one and rock your blues  away.
B00003CWL6|1.0|My husband and I were really interested to see this film.  What a waste of our time!  With all the hype about this film, we kept waiting for something really good to happen.  The plots are disturbing. The only good thing about  the film were the cinematography and the fact that it finally ended after 2  hours.  We rented the film before buying it....I immediately took it off my  wish list!  I recommend that others skip this film and find something fun  to do for the two hours!
0593044703|5.0|Gardens of the Moon is an astounding book.<br />The world and its politics are extremely complex, yet not too hard to follow.  The storyline is full of twists and surprises.<br />Once you get half way through, you will not  put it down!  I only hope that Steven Erikson was able to keep the next  books in the series as absorbing.<br />Well worth reading!
0393091740|5.0|A question about the source of human tragedy lies at the heart of The Mayor of Casterbridge.  Characters frequently mention fate and providence as causes for tragedy (and joy), but Hardy offers more subtle and complex  explanations for individual tragedy.  At times, Hardy seems to indicate  that circumstance and timing play a more important role than Providence in  shaping the course of human destiny.  Can people survive without the aid  of luck or providence by pure force of will?  Henchard (the Mayor) is a man  whose loneliness, egoism, and pride cause him to make bad decisions. His  faulty judgement certainly do not help him in his quest for fulfillment,  either.  Hardy's depiction of an ultimately unknowable universe is achieved  partly through his characters' false assignment of meaning to meaningless  incidents.  Fate, human will, and faulty perceptions are central issues in  much of Hardy's writing.  Though not as moving and intense as Hardy's  masterpiece Tess of the d'Urbervilles, The Mayor is not to be missed.  Hardy's complex rendering of Henchard's multi-faceted personality is  remarkable.  In addition, The Norton Critical Addition provides excellent  commentary and background information from noteworthy critics.
6305508550|5.0|Mike Judge (Beavis and Buthead) Proves he's a comic genius without animation in this spoof office satire. Ron Livingston plays a guy who works on a computer in a cubicle and deals with a condesending coffee cup holding  boss who does nothing but intimidate, a dopey secretary who says  &quot;Somebodys got a case of the Mondays&quot; in such an annoying tone,  it's hilarious not to mention a mentally challenged coworker who is an  annoying riot. After seeing a hypnotist Ron loses his anxiety and is cool  enough to ask Jennifer Anniston out on a date as she waitresses at  Chachkies a pun for Chilis. He claims he just won't go to work. He won't  quit and doesn't care about getting fired. Turns out the very consultntants  that are expected to fire him ridiculously give him a promotion because  they appreciate hs candor and feel with the right challenges he could be a  good company guy! Yeah Right! This is great satire and was a sleeper in the  movies. if you don't find this one funny your probably living off a big  inheritance. It's a must see!
B0000027F8|5.0|<br />This album is a tribute to the human spirit. It is a journey of how past mistakes impact a life, and how taking responsibility for one's actions in the search for redemption can save us all. Today, more than  ever, with the strife we face as a society, this album strikes true. Listen  to it with an open ear, an open mind, and an open heart. Listen... without  prejudice. <br />&quot;Praying for Time&quot; is thoughtful and poignant,  taking aim at the hypocrisy in the attitude many of us hold toward charity.  The orchestration is minimal, allowing the vocals and lyrics give the song  its depth. &quot;Freedom&quot; was a huge dance smash that at the same time  is an introspective look at George's past, placing it in thoughtful  perspective; the refrain is a great attitude kick in the pants, and the  bridge has a groovy hook. &quot;They Won't Go When I Go&quot; is an  extremely powerful and emotional tune, featuring only basic piano and  George's soulful voice. We move more hopeful with the guitar strumming  &quot;Something to Save&quot; that has an uplifting call to action for the  listener. &quot;Cowboys and Angels&quot; is a mellow, jazzy mist of a  ballad with a reflective, poignant tone that causes one to pause and just  listen to the silky lyrics. &quot;Waiting for That Day/You Can't Always Get  What You Want&quot; is a swaying and strumming attitude song that faces  facts and points out the need to take responsibility for one's actions in  the search for redemption. The tears flow down during &quot;Mothers  Pride,&quot; a haunting dirge that tells the story of a mother losing her  son in a war. &quot;Heal the Pain&quot; helps dispel the grief with a  happy, hopeful, fun guitar and percussion tune that hits home for every man  who has ever been the shoulder to cry on for a someone he loved and wanted  to be closer to. &quot;Soul Free&quot; is a funky dance floor groove that  lets you, at least for a while, let go of your worries and just feel  relaxed and content with who you are. The release conclude with  &quot;Waiting (Reprise),&quot; a logical conclusion to the first  &quot;Waiting...&quot; both musically and lyrically. While not a final  solution, it leaves you with the hope and strength to carry on, knowing  that, despite past mistakes, if you do what is right, things will get  better. <br />Musically, there is something here for everyone, from old  classics, to r&amp;b, to folksy guitar rock, to dance. And in his lyrics  and vocals, George Michael lets us share in his emotional journey; his pain  becomes ours, and ours his. If you have the maturity and presence of mind  to really listen, this album will touch your soul and will strike such a  deep chord that you can't help but smile, cry, and look at the world in a  new light. Listen Without Prejudice came out at a pivotal time in my life,  and it helped shape the man I am today... and I would like to think that is  a good thing. With an amazing strong 5 star rating, Listen Without  Prejudice is one of my top 5 albums of all time. Given the pain and  suffering we face as a society today, I would recommend this album to  everyone on the planet as a source of reflection and self-realization.  There is hope, but that hope comes from forgiveness and strength of  character within, not from others around you. <br />Thank you for your lesson,  George. Yes, you changed, and I forgive you. I have changed, and I have  forgiven myself. And as others have changed around me, and I have grown to  forgive them. Thank you for the strength of character and for showing me  what it means to be a good man, a good human being.
B000000XK5|3.0|Some mediocre song selection and unexciting interpretations make this a less then stellar disc.  Only for hardcore fans.  I recommend &quot;Speak Love&quot; as a much better combo of these two giants.
B000002HRE|1.0|I've commented on this album a while back and gave it only two stars.  There is a reason for this even more dismal review.  I've just been listening to ReLoad again and two words come to mind:  incredibly weak.   I'm sorry but I'm one of the old fans and I will say unequivocally that  this is Metallica's most pathetic release yet.  Compared to their previous  efforts (Load not included), ReLoad comes across as the definition of  mediocre.  Lars has said that ReLoad is a completion of their new phase  since the &quot;Black&quot; album.  Talk about ending with a whimper.<br />      Now don't get me wrong, there's some small nuggets of originality buried  in ReLoad.  Personally, I think the strongest track is &quot;Where the Wild  Things Are&quot;.  It's quite different from the rest of the album which is  a good thing.  If only the rest of the album were as imaginative.  This,  unfortunately, cannot save the rest of the album.  The remaining tracks  mostly amount to radio-friendly filler (to quote another review, thanks).   A couple songs like Devil's Dance and Fixxxer manage to rise to the level  of OK and that's about it.  I'm afraid to say this but Garage, Inc. was a  stronger release even if only for the one CD which had all their older  covers.  Metallica needs to get back to their roots.
B00003CX5A|1.0|I'm even spending my time on writing on this one, I'll just suggest you all NOT to see this movie, there is nothing to see, the story is bad and sticky, there is too much science fiction, and even the sound doesn't  compensate on it,  in shortly, all the signs for bad movie......
B000000WA4|5.0|I don't know even know where to begin. I own every Pumpkins CD, including the box set, and this still is, by far, the gem of the collection. Although Billy Corgan's voice can render it hard to get into for newcomers to SP,  after enough listening, one not only adjusts to the &quot;whininess&quot;,  but learns to enjoy it. With the combination of Billy's unique voice,  Corgan and James Iha's brilliant riffage, prodigy Jimmy Chamberlin's  mind-blowing beat, and of course, D'Arcy Wretzky's low end, the individual  talents of four amazing musicians come together to form a musical  experience that hasn't left me since I first picked up the album, 5 years  ago. Highlights on the first disc, which is primarily the harder stuff,  include BWBW, Zero, Love, An Ode To No One, and Jellybelly, while the  second disc's best tracks, which are mostly ballads and other assorted slow  songs, include In The Arms Of Sleep, 33, 1979, and Thru The Eyes Of Ruby.  But don't get me wrong-there isn't a bad track out of the 28. This is the  kind of album which you can't stop listening to in one sitting, yet you  don't ever want to end. ~HIGHLY~ recommended.
6301008960|5.0|This is a classic teenage love story.  Two diffent back grounds different friends. I'ts funny that there are so many movies like this out there on the market like She's All That.  This is non replacable.
078062369X|1.0|Look, I won't delve too much into how Blade reeks (it's not worth it); instead, I'll just say that its special effects are its only decent quality (but that its plot can be easily deciphered eons before its next series of  events happen). So, in conclusion (and unless you're infatuated with bad  movies) don't waste your money and/or time on Blade.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Guerrilla Radio is sweet! But some of the songs kind of are boring.
B00000JLX0|1.0|I must admit I was taken by suprise by the special effects, but that may be the only thing that makes this movie worth while.  A little love story is fine, but why over do it?  Besides, movies on disasters should focus on  the disasters.  This one barely gives any of the limelight to it. I would  much rather it use its good points on the disaster.  (Poor...not  reccomended!  Avoid!)
B000002J1B|5.0|Relayer is one of my favorite Yes albums and ranks up there with Fragile and Close To The Edge.  This is Yes at their most creative -- incorporating many different styles and sounds with little regard to &quot;rules&quot;.   Truly an astounding work that requires several listens to fully  appreciate...but is well worth it.
B00004T9UF|4.0|This CD is definitely excellent.  However, it isnt as consistent as the Slim Shady disc.  The beats on Marshall Mathers don't quite match up to his  last disc and the lyrics at times rely more on repetition and posing than  on creative twists.  There are some brilliant songs in this collection to  be sure.  'Stan' is an unforgettable tune.  But there are also more  throw-away songs on this album.  A few songs are borderline embarrassing.   Nonetheless, overall this disc will be one of the best of the year.  The  problem with this type of music is trying to keep things fresh and  creative.  Eminem has proven he's extremely talented.  The question is,  will he run out of ideas?  The throw-away songs on this album suggest a  tiny crack in his armor.  When an artist has filler songs the well may be  running dry.  On the other hand, the brilliant songs reassure us that  Eminem is a force to be reckoned with.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is a smashing album, from the beginning to the end all the songs are great!  But especially the song &quot;stand&quot; featuring Dido.  There are alot of other good songs such as &quot;the real slim shady&quot;  and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;.  I think this ones better then the first  one because it has better beatz. There is not one song that is bad on this  album!
0345298349|4.0|Arkady Renko, a disillusioned homicide investigator, is called upon when three bodies appear frozen in the snow- thier faces and fingertips removed.  The investigation that follows takes Renko in directions that put him at  odds with the KGB, the FBI, and the NYPD.  In addition to being a first  rate thriller, 'Gorky Park' shows the reader the fear and paranoia that  pervaded the air in Soviet Russia.  A bit slow at times, 'Park'  nevertheless will keep you wondering just who can be trusted.
B000001GQB|5.0|I am giving this set an unqualified recommendation not because I believe it to be the definitive account of these wonderful symphonies, in whole or  in part.  I think it's practically impossible to come up with a definitive  rendition due to the disagreement among music historians as to what types  of instruments should be used, and whether or not exposition repeats are  necessary or can be partially or completely omitted.  Given that these  recordings were made in the 1960s - although they sound much newer - the  issue of period instruments was not a concern.<br />To be candid I find it  difficult to fairly describe Bohm's approach to Mozart, except to say that  he worked in a fairly straight-forward, middle-of-the-road manner, being  content to focus on precise ensemble playing and fairly lively but  unexaggerated tempi.  To a large degree this requires a self-effacing  approach and the willingness and dedication to serve Mozart and let his  music speak for itself - which it does supremely well.  In direct  comparison to Karajan's recordings with the same orchestra, there is less  of a feeling of a big band sound, and perhaps a more classical sensibility.  This is not to say that Bohm is better, just different. As anticipated, the  playing of the BPO is consistently beautiful and the slow movements have  plenty of spiritual depth, enhanced by the rich but not  &quot;oversweet&quot; string tone.  The allegros are brisk but not  overdriven. The Linz and Haffner symphonies are particularly successful,  and the Jupiter is very fine as well. At medium price, this can be  recommended with enthusiasm.
B000001G5H|5.0|This is the performance that you can only gasp and say nothing, because it is almost perfect. Every note sounds so clear, every piece is handled in a neat structure.(A blasphemous idea: I wonder if Chopin played these pieces  himself, maybe he had great poetry and aroma,but could he make a clearer  sound than Pollini? )
B000002WPI|5.0|When I heard this CD I knew that any group I would listen to after this would have plenty of problems to come up to this! The Whole Album is full of Skillz, Rhymes and Emotions that can not be found on any other HipHop  Record. Again, Wu-Tang is the Best Hip-Hop Group ever and there is nothing  you can compare to them. Sadly they fell of in the last few Years, but I  think it's impossible to do an Album like this one again.<br />Be sure to have  it!
B00000J7J4|2.0|At best, Supernatural is mediocre. It has some good moments....especially Maria Maria. However, it failed to mesmerise me and so many others have claimed. Carlos Santana has been much heralded as a genius and &quot;living  legend&quot;. However, all he has done is &quot;resurrected&quot; his  fledging career by producing a commercial record he knew would sell. His  past records barely made an impact on any charts. Those albums did NOT  include collaberations. The credit for Supernatural goes to the artists he  worked with. The guitar work done by Carlos, any established guitarist can  do. Even so, the actual songs are nothing special. &quot;Smooth&quot; has  been killed to death by radio and has become downright annoying. &quot;Put  your lights on&quot; is the MOST BORING song i've ever heard!. &quot;Maria  Maria&quot; is the only shining light. Significantly its an R&amp;B/Hip hop  song which is the complete antithesis of Santana's usual sound. In essence,  don't waste your money on this CD. It has been grossly overrated and is, to  tell you the truth, quite boring.
B000006IFF|5.0|Fabulous Concert; the finale with Pink Floyd playing in the rain and David Gilmour's souring solos on a wet stratocaster are breath-taking. I hope that the DVD is released again!
B00004SCX6|1.0|I really don't know where to start. This album is just the pits. Britney epitomises bland commercialism. She has no imput whatsoever into her songs. She is essentially a puppet whose sole purpose is to generate revenue. Her  songs all sound the same and display no originality. Indeed, 3 of the songs  on this album use the same hook as &quot;baby, One More Time&quot;. Her  songs are pervaded with synchronised sounds and meaningless chitchat,  adding to the overriding sense of manufactured &quot;music&quot; that hangs  over this record.<br />Undoubtedly, Britney does look good and she CAN dance.  However, she is miles away from being classified a true artist. This album,  along with its pathetic and meaningless first single &quot;OOPS&quot;,  represents music at its most despicable....a money making venture. I'm  sorry Britney but your so-called &quot;talent&quot; is NOT being showcased  here!
B000001Y5D|5.0|...at the review titled &quot;Are you people nuts?&quot; who said that the singing on &quot;What's Up?&quot; is gawdawful.  The singing is definitely different that's for sure.  But it's absolutely great.  I haven't heard the  rest of the album except short snippets but I ordered the CD just on this  one song alone.  I was blown away by the song.<br />I wish they would put out  another album.
B0000203Y5|5.0|Buena Vista Social Club is Fantastic.The Music&amp;Vibe are So Incredible.It's very Educational.It Has Such a Rich Quality About it.ALOT OF PROPS TOO RY COODER&amp;THE MANY GREAT ARTISTS FEATURED HERE Telling  THeir Stories&amp;Sharing Their Visions.A Must See&amp;Have.It's TImeless  History.
B00000IQBL|5.0|No other film captures the confusion and haze that was the Vietnam theatre of war than &quot;Full Metal Jacket.&quot;  The harrowing and haunting technique of the boot camp part of the movie fully complements the  ambiguity of actions and motivations in the second part.  Don't expect a  completely &quot;realistic&quot; treatment of the whole experience (Recruit  Pyle obviously wouldn't last very long!), but do expect a memorably made  and darkly humorous film that nails down the feelings of the participants.
B000002IR9|5.0|What a Great Album? So Many Jams Non-Stop.Tramp still Bumps Too this day.Otis Redding&amp;Carla Thomas Sound Fantastic TOgether.The Music&amp;Production are Right On TIme.
6302038308|2.0|I've seen Army of Darkness so many times....And I've never saw Evil Dead, or Evil Dead 2. I figuered that since Army of Darkness had grown to be one of my favorite movies ever that this one would be cool as well. In fact I  came here first to read customer reviews....Most of them seemed to say best  out of the 3 movies! Well, I say thats a lie! Evil Dead 2, had very little  dialouge, the acting was like  as good as Army of Darkness, and it wasnt  nearly as funny.
0345409671|3.0|I can't believe I'm going to say this about one of the cronicals but I skimmed alot. The begining was great, the end was great. The middle was as dry as the sahara! anyone who went to church when they were young knows the  story of creation frowards, backwards, sideways, and dianglally. And all  this did was tell it from the devil's point of veiw. Well when they were in  heven that was interesting and so was her decripion and perpous of hell but  reading the part where I guess they walked threw time was like 100 pages of  pergatory!  Dora was pointless. She had no dimention what so ever. And tell  me what was the point of taking Lastat's eye? Like I said the begining when  he was telling David about &quot;The stalker&quot; was great everything up  till when Memnoch took him on this jorny was old anne rice fast paced, with  all of Lastat's smartalc remarks and wit. and it finally picked back up  again was when lastat basicly told Memnoch &quot;Take this job and shove  it! The problem is that Lastat's carecter can never be spirtual in the ways  of God and the devil I think he'll lose something. his whole story has been  based on the consept, that was put forth in the second book. That there is  a void of nothing when you pass, and we have to fight off the  meaninglessness while were still on the earth. so to make a long review  short (to late) Anne really missed it this time.
0783239408|2.0|I was not impressed with this movie despite its rave reviews. The topic is nothing new. The treatment of the movie's serious theme did not grab me. Ok to pass an idle afternoon away. There have been just too many dysfunctional  family movie themes, and I'm bored to death. For instance, it is similar to  The Story of Us. Americans have a way of going over and over their own  neuroses like a broken record. Just like the endless reams of Vietnam war  movies and books. At some point, you've got to snap out of it, and move on.  The movie did not change my life nor improve my outlook. Would like to see  a newer, fresher and more original movie.
B000002N2Z|5.0|When he explained in an interview that the best albums are the ones that you can fall asleep to. This is not the best Deftones album, but I fall asleep to it at least once a week, and that has got to mean something.  Every song is amazing, especially 7 Words, Engine No. 9, Bored, Birthmark,  and Fireal. The Deftones just go insane at certain times, but at others  they can be slow, melodic, and beautiful. No matter how famous they get  amongst their fans, they will never let success get to their heads. They  are and always have been close to anyone who cared enough to buy one of  their records or buy tickets to one of their shows. The Deftones are very  inspirational, period. They are the most down-to-earth band I've ever met,  aside from Incubus, and their shows are amazing. This has been next to my  player if not in it for about five years. Just another example of how great  music and great people can form a large place in someone's life.
0553269631|1.0|I've read this book once and I had to force myself not to put it down.  This book is like the movie &quot;It's A Wonderful Life&quot; on the fact that it shows how one man influenced other people's lives.  However, in  &quot;It's A Wonderful Life&quot;, the world was worse off without Jimmy  Stewart, the characters are EXACTLY the same after their &quot;Jimmy  Stewart&quot; is killed.  So, his death had no impact.  Doctor Copeland's  constant complaining does not help the story in any way either.  I very  much recommend you to avoid this boring novel.
B00004T9UF|1.0|First of all one star is a complement to this album. .... This is the real trashy album, only three songs are worth listening to, &quot;stan&quot;, &quot;The real slim shady&quot; and  &quot;Bitch please II&quot;. The rest are commercial and belong to  the toilet, ..., trying to be vocal  like 2pac, eminem aint pac and he should shut out if he has run  out of lyrics. Dre's production is really weak on this album and it sounds  more like the first Aftermath album. Dre really fell off, he desperately  needs his old Deathrow production mates. Please don't waste your money, if  you don't have his debut album that's the one to go for, it's really tight  ten times better than this trash. I really regret buying this album.Bitch Please 2, Amityville, Under the  Influence &amp; Remember Me). Eminem's music isn't like other rappers (I  never liked any of Dr. Dre's albums, for example), so even if you're into  punk or other genres like I am, you just might like this...Talk about  improvement! This is a classic rap album, much better than The Slim Shady  LP which only had a handful of exceptional tracks. Eminem sounds really  good on this album. Out of the 18 tracks, 4 are skits &amp; 6 aren't as  good as the rest: Amityville, Kim, Who Knew, Remember Me, Stan &amp; Drug  Ballad, though I think some of you will disagree with me about these tracks  being only OK.<br />And the other 8? Those are the best, in this order:  Marshall Mathers Criminal Bitch Please 2 The Real Slim Shady Kill You The  Way I Am I'm Back Under the Influence<br />The Marshall Mathers LP is 'Slim  Shady LP Part II', more of the same ol' same ol' but with a rich new  flavor. Eminem has guest appearances by Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit &amp;  D-12 among others. Don't worry about them stealing the spotlight from  Eminem, they only appear on 4 tracks (Bitch Please 2, Amityville, Under the  Influence &amp; Remember Me). Eminem's music isn't like other rappers (I  never liked any of Dr. Dre's albums, for example),so even if you're into  punk or other genres like I am, you just might like this...
6305810109|2.0|I tried to watch The Straight Story last night, but had to give up after a while because Sissy Spacek was driving me up the wall. What an overdone, annoying performance. But I'm going to give it another try tonight, because Richard Farnsworth is so good. Also, I'm encouraged by the fact that one viewer who's seen it all the way through said that Spacek is out of the movie after the first half hour. By the way, another viewer stated that this was Farnsworth's first lead role. Doesn't anyone remember 1982's The Grey Fox? A terrific movie!
0140067477|4.0|Back when I wanted to learn more about Taoism and was struggling to learn about its concepts, I came across this book.  The use of Pooh and his adventures turned out to be an effective way to learn the principles of  Taoism.  I was at an age when I questioned and challenged everything that  seemed wrong in my life.  It certainly has helped me to find my inner  peace.
0446677450|3.0|Mr. Kiyosaki does not pretend to offer solutions to specific personal financial situations nor does he promise success to everyone just from reading his book Rich Dad Poor Dad.  He does, however, promise (as stated  on page 19) that the lessons he followed and provide are &quot;not meant to  be answers but guideposts.  Guideposts that will assist you and your  children to grow wealthier no matter what happens in a world of incresing  change and uncertainty.&quot;  That is the way I read the book. The easy to  understand method in which it was written made the authors ideas seem  achieveable for anyone.  I look forward to making some of these changes in  my life and wonder if some of the people that have reviewed this book  unfavorably have made any attempts yet financially or are still thinking  the ideas are &quot;too simplistic&quot;.  Rich Dad Poor Dad has encouraged  me to start.  It's worth reading and giving to those to whom you wish  success.
B000000W6R|5.0|Although this CD is supposed to be, I believe, a collection of &quot;B&quot; singles, it remains to be my favorite Pumpkins album.  There is something about it that is about being sad, angry and in-love at the  same time.  You can hear the rawness of the recordings, as opposed to the  more refined producing in their current releases.  I used to listen to it  as a release from the daily frustrations of life.  This is the CD that made  me a Pumpkins fan, and has kept me coming back for more.
0805062971|4.0|I made the mistake of watching the movie before reading the book which is, of course, never a good idea.  What I, and Hollywood, missed the first time around was Palahniuk's final chapter.  FIGHT CLUB is far too smart to take  itself as seriously as it seems to, and in the end it lets the reader in on  the joke.  This final wink was what redeemed the book for me.  Palahniuk  twists the narrative to indicate how Durden's followers are every bit as  brainwashed as the capitalistic society they hate so much. The result seems  to be in conclusion with Orwell's 1984, that buying into ANY philosophy  wholesale is dangerously foolish.  However, while Orwell's theme seems  critically pointed Palahniuk's is somewhat dulled and ambiguous.  His own  love of the characters he has created seems to cloud the vision of the  book, but what reader can blame an author for that fault?
0201633612|5.0|What do you do with them? This book provides real strategies for tackling common design problems, through the use of reusable &quot;patterns&quot;.  I read this, and I immediately saw the difficulty in designing entire GUI  frameworks (like OWL, MFC).  There are far more other kinds of problems  that this book provides solutions for.  This book is one of my favorite  classics, and works as a reliable reference.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This movie is a work of art. The Oscar-winning production designer had an extrordinary visual imagination. The whole film is like a hughe painting in dark tones.Tim Burton brings it to life.<br />Combining scary moments, a  romantic lovestory and comical elements this is a MUST see movie.<br />Johnny  Depp plays Ichabod with such a delicious irony it is a real pleasure to  watch him solving the &quot;crimes&quot; in Sleepy Hollow, where a headless  horseman is chopping off heads.<br />Christina Ricci plays Katrina VanTassel  like a hoplessly romantic from a fairy tale.<br />Danny Elfman's dark score  with a lot of choir-parts adds too the mood of this beautiful  film.<br />People get killed in this movie yeah, but all you can say after the  movie is: This was beautiful! <br />Something that only Tim Burton can  achieve.
0767802519|3.0|The Professional feels like the calculated result of a film studio's marketing decision. <br />In Luc Besson's previous film, La Femme Nikita, actor Jean Reno had played a mysterious, charismatic hitman/terminator.  This force of nature, known as The Cleaner, had made a strong impact on  American viewers.  Clearly, the Cleaner deserved a film of his own.<br />He  gets his Hollywood vehicle in The Professional, a promising but ultimately  flawed American debut by LFN's director Luc Besson.<br />What had given The  Cleaner's role so much punch in LFN, was his tightly executed role within  his employer organization, and within the story's much broader context.  <br />But in The Professional, the focus on Jean Reno is claustrophobic. It's  as if The Cleaner had been fired from his job and gone solo, to live and  kill alone from a dingy, anonymous tenement on the wrong side of town.  <br />Given this premise, Jean Reno inevitably has to carry too much of the  film's burden by himself -- character, plot, technique, and all the  emotional themes: love, hate, selfishness, selflessness, violence,  redemption ... <br />At the end of the day, we're taught that The Professional  is at his best against other professionally trained gunmen like himself,  but he is completely out of his depth against the gentle force of platonic  love and the deadly venom of drug-induced madness. Those unfamiliar  extremes create an ever-widening emotional wedge in The Professional's  tightly controlled world, ultimately bringing about the inevitable, violent  denouement.<br />While Natalie Portman and Gary Oldman do an OK job of  portraying those two extremes, their characters are scripted in tones too  disjointed to credibly counterbalance the dry, gray, lifeless world of The  Professional.
B00004STPT|5.0|To begin with, it is pitiful to read reviews by people, such as &quot;music fan from Boston&quot; who aparently have no musical horizon at all. Describing the film score as Enya-lite shows just how narrow knowledge  of music and history he has... The music by Lisa Gerrard is more  traditional than much music found anywhere, and far from New Age (if  anything it is Old Age). This kind of musical influence relies on hundreds  of years of middle eastern traditions. Music much like it can still be  heard today. Unfortunately, his one star affects the overall rating of this  CD, but not significantly. As others have pointed out, some music you just  don't like. People are free to like what they want, but if you don't like a  genre, don't listen to it - least of all don't rate it. It's not your cup  of tea.<br />Lisa Gerrards beautiful voice complements the setting of the  movie, drawing on the influences of the middle east, as she has done  before, both solo and with companion in Dead Can Dance. The music was  harmonious, and ideal for the time and age portrayed. The music would even  have been possible to play on current period instruments. Coincidence? I  don't think so.<br />However, some of the passages were somehow a little  familiar, and I suspect some older material by Dead Can Dance can have  inspired Lisa Gerrard in making the music. Still, the music is refreshing  and inspiring.<br />Even though Zimmerman does a good job at the rest of the  score, I can't help but feel that Gerrard could have contributed more, if  not in all of the musical passages. Some times the brute passages of a  soundtrack is not too interesting to listen to without watching the film.  Nevertheless these passages are important in the movie and are thus  important for a soundtrack CD.<br />Still, when Martin Scorcese commissioned  Peter Gabriel to score his great movie The Last Temptation of Christ, he  gave him free reins. The resulting soundtrack CD Passion is one of the best  soundtracks I have heard.<br />What made the Gladiator a great movie to me?  Simple! The historic setting, the costumes and directing, the beautiful  pictures, and not least, the music!s I have heard.<br />What made the Gladiator a great movie to me?  Simple! The historic setting, the costumes and directing, the beautiful  pictures, and not least, the music!
B00004SCX6|5.0|I bought the cd the day it was released and it has now become one of the best cds in my collection, (54 cds total to be exact). I love all the songs but one on the entire album, (Satisfaction), and that is quite rare.Some of  my friends that didn't like Britney when she started out are LOVING her  now. &quot;Lucky&quot; is everybody's favorite song right now, (we even  made up a dance to it). Though there isn't much change in  her voice, it  has become a little bit stronger.This album is worth every penny you spend  on it. One question before  I finish: If people don't like the artist then  why do they spend their money on something they don't really want? Even if  you don't like Britney, you should at least give her credit for some  things. Besides, she paved the way for singers like  Christina,Jessica,Mandy, and even Hoku. So lighten up on Britney. Thank  You.
6305627347|5.0|Parker and Stone out did themselves on this one! This movie really pushes the &quot;R&quot; rating to a new level.  Now all other comedies must follow in the foot steps of this one.  The songs, themes, and one liners  are timeless.  MOVE OVER BEVIS AND BUTTHEAD!  SOUTH PARK IS TAKING OVER!
0783225725|3.0|Clint Eastwood's second film as a director, &quot;High Plains Drifter,&quot; has to be one of the most dynamic Western stories ever to hit the big screen.  With a cold, eerie, and ambivalent tone, the movie  unfolds like a ghost story from the camp fire.<br />Here is essentially the  story: Eastwood plays the ghost of a U.S. Marshall who was whipped to death  by three outlaws hired by the developing western mining town of Lago.  The  residents of Lago had Marshall Duncan killed because he was going to report  the town's illegal mining activity on Federal property to the government.   Duncan's grave was left unmarked to hide the murder.  The three outlaws are  eventually turned into authorities by the residents of Lago.  Now, with the  outlaws about to be released from prison to wreak revenge on the town,  Duncan's ghost rises from the desert to punish Lago and the three outlaws  who killed him. &quot;The Stranger,&quot; as the people of Lago call him,  do not realize this is the resurrected Duncan, and ask him to protect their  town from the outlaws after witnessing his flawless shootout with local  ruffians.<br />&quot;The Stranger&quot; paints the town red, and renames Lago,  &quot;Hell.&quot;<br />This film is a must-see for anyone who loves Westerns  or twisted plots.  I am not a patron of Westerns, and yet I found this film  remarkable for its great story and artistic quality.  Eastwood demonstrated  why he is a legend by directing an excellent and unique picture, and  playing the dual role to perfection of the silent &quot;good guy/bad  guy.&quot;
6303327974|1.0|Natural Born Killer is the most sickening drama I've ever seen in years, it features Awful mtv style footage, People Killing up People  and another murder scene that made my heart sank I Don't think that the students at  Columbine wouldn't be watching this movie. Big thumbs down  for me on  Natural Born Killers.
B00004T9UH|5.0|Although my parents would'nt let me get this cd un-edited, i was able to get it without the &quot;explictit lyrics&quot; The real slim shady and stan are the best.
B00000K19E|5.0|It's hard to fully summarise this masterpiece of a movie. This ground breaking movie is the second from the Wachowski brothers, manga inspired, it covers a subject touched on before in such films as the Terminator, and  many Japanese manga titles, a bleak and post apocalyptic future, where  humanity in enslaved by machines. This movie puts a new twist on this  genre, in that it suggests that the world around us may not be real,  &quot;What is real?&quot;  Maybe we all live in the matrix, but have not  woken up! Have you ever questioned reality? &quot;What is the real  world&quot; Why are things as they are, and who decided these things. This  is one of my favourite movies of all times, the special effects introducing  \\"Bullet Time\\" are cutting edge, the sound track and effects are the best  I've experienced in a DVD, the whole film exudes quality. All movie fans  can enjoy this title, my brother (non sci-fi fan) and all my friends love  this movie and watch it time and time again. This is a must have for any  DVD collection, and even if you watch it once, then again in six months  time you will get something new from this movie, and enjoy it more with  every viewing.  Buy this title today you will not regret it.
B00004T9UH|5.0|Although my parents would'nt let me get this cd un-edited, i was able to get it without the &quot;explictit lyrics&quot; The real slim shady and stan are the best.
0790729601|4.0|&quot;Eraser&quot; is not Arnold Schwarzenegger's finest film but it is still good nonetheless. The effects and action in this film are all top notch and the performances from the cast are good also. I recommend this  film.
0374119171|5.0|aSTRONAUT mICHAEL cOLLINS WAS NOT ONLY A FINE PILOT/ASTRONAUT, BUT CAN--IN WORDS, MAKE ONE KNOW AND FEEL FOR SURE THAT HE OR SHE WAS ON A TRIP TO OUTER SPACE AND OR THE MOON!  MR. COLLINS HAS A REAL WAY WITH EXPRESSING  AND USING WORDS TO CAPTIVATE AND KEEP THE READER WANTING FOR MORE AND MORE!   HE TELLS OF WHAT IT TAKES, IS INVOLVED, AND JUST ABOUT THE WHOLE STORY OF  BECOMING AN ASTRONAUT, ALONG WITH HIS PERSONAL EXERPTS, AND EXPLAINING  CERTAIN TERMS AND WHAT TERMS OF ASTRONAUTS MEAN. COULDN'T BE A MORE  CONCISE, BETTER BOOK WRITTEN BY AN ASTRONAUT!
B00004RFFI|4.0|&quot;Twister&quot; is a wild ride of a film that is also non-stop fun. The tornadoes in this film are staggering, brought to life by amazing visual effects, I can't really say to much about this movie except that it  is always exciting and fun.
0312199066|5.0|mr. Cernan and Mr. Davis have done a 'SUPER 20 ' rating in this book!  I have always dreamed of meeting Mr. Cernan; and he, along with Mr. Davis have taken me to the Moon, let me walk on it, and let me see all my life if  being an astronaut would be for me or not, and told many interesting things  that I never before knew. Also, I learned that not all astronauts from that  era were all science, and no compassion; but have hearts and souls! This  book should have been done 20 years ago! Boy! If all Apollo astros. wrote  autobiographies like this, we wouldn't need to go to the Moon again;  because you already took me there and brought me home safely-'Geno'!  wOW!  What a great book! It's been a long-time coming!
B000031WD9|5.0|&quot;American Pie&quot; is a genuinely funny movie that doesn't manipulate the audience for laughs. The characters and the situations in this movie are real and genuine. The performances from a talented young  cast are good also, this i a comedy that is destined to become a classic.
6305372411|5.0|Tom Hanks is like me in that he could forsee a long time ago the significance of telling the apollo story, just like it happened! i could view this collection 1000 times; and never get tired of it! its the  next-best thing to actually being there! also,this series was a long time  coming, and thanks to ron howard and tom hanks, this series will live as  long as the apollo legacy will--forever! thanks tom for having the same  insight and love for the moon, as do so many of us average citizens and  space buffs from the apollo era-those days will never die in our hearts and  minds--these men were our true heroes, who sacrificed and gave their all
B000002UAF|3.0|This was the 4th Beatles LP to be released in the UK (in the 1960s Capitol in the USA packaged the Beatles' LPs differently until Sgt Pepper) and this is an OK album - after all it's main purpose was to market the movie of the  same name.  BUT it seems to lack the bite and sheer energy of With The  Beatles, the album released before this one.  It's a bit like the album for  the next film, Help! - some real gems but also a lot of filler material  that sounds like the Beatles were writing songs on auto-pilot.  Yes, I  would agree that there are some good songs on here but something is most  definitely missing that was all too evident on With The Beatles.  For a  start, gone is the urgency and the exciting, energetic Cavern Club/Hamburg  in-your-face rock and roll sound captured on WTB.  In my humble opinion  With The Beatles is the best pre-Rubber Soul Beatles LP...if you want a  real taste of the early Beatles at their best, go buy With The Beatles.   This one is really for the completists.
630382790X|5.0|none of us will ever know what jack swigert,jim lovell or fred haise went through,200,000 mi out in space that dredful night in 1970 , aboard apollo 13! this work of art starring tom hanks tells the story as good as jim  lovell--cmdr, of apollo 13--i know, because jim lovell told me so in person  and was the closest/biggest near disaster in nasa history, next to apollo 1  fire of 67!  tells how america then in that ere set a goal, committed  itself, and how many, mant people and companies pulled and worked together  to turn a real life-threatning disaster; into a real success story! a must  buy for all--keeps you on the edge entire time--as good as from the earth  to the moon--a work like no otherabout apollo 13
B00004STPT|5.0|I sit with my eyes closed, absorbing the music. It's like sweet smelling cigarette smoke curling around me and I breathe it in. The humming takes me back to ancient Rome and I can see Maximus crying over his family swearing  revenge. If you close your eyes and feel the music it will take back and  have sharing broth with the General before you who are about to die salute  the Emporer.<br />This has to be one of the most breath-taking scores ever,  and it captured my imagination so much I could almost feel what Maximus  felt. (And yes I do know he's a fictitious character)
B00000JPH5|4.0|I first watched Labyrinth when I was about seven, by accident..on London's BBC1. Its memory sketched in my mind ever since, I bought a copy of the video, ten years later.<br />Basic plot: Teenage and immature girl wishes her  baby brother to be taken away by the Goblin King, then when it actually  happens, she freaks and takes up the King's challenge to battle through his  winding and twisting Labyrinth to get to his Goblin City and claim her  brother back. Makes sense, right? Well, not really. But then again, the  moral of this story is &quot;nothing is as it seems, so don't take anything  for granted.&quot; I guess that goes for the plot as well. It does has  promise at the beginning, but seems to almost spin out of control towards  the end.    But don't get me wrong - I'm not dissing the movie.  Extraordinary puppeteering and great songs make up for the so-so plot and  somewhat half-hearted acting performance by David Bowie. Jennifer Connelly  is great as young Sarah, although the fact that she was supposed to play a  14-15 year old totally passed me by (she looks about 21 in the ball  scene).<br />All in all, a pretty good movie and an even better soundtrack!  <br />P.S. After watching this film more than five times you may end up  striking conversations with people that start with &quot;..you remind me of  the babe...&quot;
0618001905|5.0|One of the best indictments of colonialism that I have ever read, King Leopold's Ghost is obsensively a book about power and greed.<br />Leopold, a King of a small country and a man with very limited powers, decides that he  desperately needs to find a colony where he can reign supreme. He finally  discovers Central Africa, a place that hasn't been gobbled up by the other  colonizing powers, and claims it for his own. What ensues is one of the  most brutal subjegations in recorded history. King Leopold's reign in the  Congo was so vicious that even the other colonial powers of the day had to  condemn him.This book is the story of a man that was so greedy- even the  pretext of humanitarian aims were summarily ignored during his rule.<br />One  of the things I liked most about this book is that it deflates the hero  status of people like Henry Morton Stanley- an insecure man who shot  Africans for sport. In his place, Hochschild has given us people like  E.D.Morel, William Sheppard, Roger Casement and Hezekiah Shanu to look up  to. People who tried to make a difference when it wasn't popular to do so.<br />This book is the very sad story of how the ego of one puny despot lead  to the deaths of millions.<br />Informative, honest and well written- I highly  recommend this book.
0783117388|5.0|This series is hilarious,very sexy,but yet in good taste.Every character has it's place. This is a MUST have for every woman who finds herself without a date on friday nights! <br />from ALTEREGO in Tulsa OK
1563890119|4.0|If this book only contained Issue #8, it would still be a must-have for Sandman fans.  I refuse to give out ANY spoilers, and I would advise everyone out there who hasn't read Sandman to avoid seeing any.  Let  yourself be surprised.  You deserve it.<br />Okay, Preludes isn't as strong as  some others, yada yada yada - SO WHAT?  It's Sandman.  It's the first  issue.  You have to read it, and you can't have a complete collection  without it.<br />I just finished reading World's End, and the last panel of  issue 8 remains the defining image of the Sandman for me.  There is a lot  of powerful stuff in here, and I would suggest it to anyone who genuinely  loves comics, mythology, or intelligent writing.
0446364495|1.0|This book was as boring as the film was,but yet i HAD to read it,no thanks! I really dont know what all tho commotion was all about when this came on the market.<br />alterego from Tulsa OK
B000000OAN|5.0|At first, I didn't understand why every single person loved the song &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot;. Believe me, I found out. If you buy the album, you will also. The good thing is QUEEN stays in their own territory.  It's their game, and because their game is so unique, you always find  something that makes you want to listen to the song again. Much like Pink  Floyd, they develop a style that is unable to copy and that's what makes it  great. The style consists of opera-like voice harmonies, life-rendering  guitar riffs and in some cases piano. Obvious standouts are the epic track  &quot;The Prophet's Song&quot;, the first song &quot;Death on two  legs&quot;, which contains great guitar leads and the famous &quot;Bohemian  Rhapsody&quot;, a song that will probably live always to its hype. A must  for any person that likes to appreciate good music and likes to explore  with different styles. This is probably the album that will identify Queen  'til eternity.
0783113943|5.0|GIA is very realistic. I found this film o be very entertaining,but on the other side the story is that of a top fashion model,who's addiction to drugs destroy her career. Angelina Jolie was the best casting for this  film,it's nice to see new actors spread their wings! All by all I recommend  this movie to anyone who thinks the fashion industry is a cake walk.think  again!<br />from alterego in Tulsa OK
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album is unbelievable! Even me, being a huge rock freak, i enjoyed every track on this CD. Eminem dishes out one great song after another! The only exception is &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, which was obviously only  incluided to get a real radio song in the mix, as it totally kills the  whole flow of the album and the wicked beats. Anyhow, pick up this album  ASAP cause it's Eminem's best yet and surely one of the best of the year!
B00003CX5A|4.0|Very good film,it will keep you SPELLBOUND. This is one of movies where J.Depp is casted in his best character role ever!<br />from ALTEREGO in Tulsa OK
0380715430|5.0|Everything Bryson has written is perfect, but I recommend The Mother Tongue to the newcomer because it charms and endears from the first: \\"More than 300 million people in the world speak English and the rest, it seems,  try to. It would be charitable to say the results are sometimes mixed.\\"  From this point, you know you are in the hands of a sharp, witty writer who  will entertain you and learn ya' sumpin', too!
B00003CX5A|4.0|I have always been just a mediocre fan of Tim Burton, but if he starts making all of his movies in the style he made Sleepy Hollow, I have a feeling that opinion will change. Sleepy Hollow is as creepy and exciting  as it is visually stunning. It tells the ancient story of Ichabod Crane and  his bout with the legendary HEadless Horseman. This movie has many  strengths, such as Beautiful yet creepy and gothic-like atmosphere, a solid  plot, and an EXTREMELY creepy portrayel by Christopher Walken. Be advised  though, the film is very gory, and if you have a weak stomach do not watch  it without either your hands over your ears or on the fast forward button.  But I think that this movie is Tim Burton's best and definitely one of the  more unique(in a good way) horror films put out in a while.
0553275569|5.0|Wolfe is (arguably, of course) one of the greatest writers and commentators on popular culture than this country has ever read. And nowhere is this claim better embodied than in the masterful The Right  Stuff. Most people remember the movie, which did an able enough job of  capturing the most obvious of Wolfe's subtle criticism of the first  American astronauts. But it is only through his text that we realize the  completeness of his extended comparison of men like John Glenn (\\"a balding  and slightly tougher looking version of the cutest-looking freckle-faced  boy you ever saw\\") to men like Chuck Yeager (\\"the boondocker, the boy from  the back country, with only a high-school education, no credentials, no  cachet or polish of any sort, who took off the feed-store overalls and put  on a uniform and climbed into an airplane and lit up the skies over  Europe\\").  Whatever your feelings about the space program, this book is  a compelling and informative read by a living legend.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is a great album that everyone will enjoy.  I like every song.  &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; is beautiful.  The samples on Amazon.com don't do this album justice.  Trust me; you'll love it.
0064400557|5.0|Children's books are big, dry sticks poking around the nearly dead fire of adult imagination: They can ignite us. The best literature from children's shelves speaks volumes to grown-ups, and none more than Charlotte's Web. We  adults need to be reminded that &quot;[i]t isn't often that someone comes  along who is a true friend and a good writer.&quot; Who in our lives has  been both? This is one book from your youth that begs to be revisited. E.B.  White was an American treasure.
B00004T9UF|5.0|A very good cd! Its one of my best cds! I got it the day it came out and it was even better then I excepted. My favorite songs are kill you,stan, iam back, the real slim shady, marshall mathers, kim, and criminal! He  makes fun of Britteny Spears, Christina Agulara, N'stink,and the backstreet  boys! VERY FUNNY! if you dont have the cd then I suggest you go get it!  EMINEM RULES!
0790740443|5.0|Here's another movie that was marketed to the wrong audience and therefore died at the box office.I found Soldier to be a profound meditation on violence and beauty.  Kurt Russell delivers yet another  exemplary-but-unacclaimed performance.  His Sgt. Todd is an Everyman who  does his duty, no questions, and is tossed out with the rest of the garbage  when the next new thing comes along.From that point, Russell's facial  expressions combine with the sensuous camerawork of the cinematographer to  provoke the questions:  Do I deserve love, beauty, and community? and:  When, if ever, is violence necessary?This is a flick I'd recommend to the  content guardians who are knee-jerk haters of violence.  Soldier uses  violence appropriately, intelligently.  It is a film for grown-ups.  Then  again, censors rarely get that point.Bottom line:  When you watch this  film, you have to watch everything that is going on.  It's not just another  action flick.
630516889X|5.0|Arnold Schwarzenegger is very populair in the Netherlands and Predator is a must to see. The movie is explosive from the start untill the end. His one-man battle against an alien is great and there are more than 70 reviews  for this movie...what can I say more?
B000024D4R|3.0|Never before has Pink Floyd rocked out with such contempt for society and its inability to solve its most glaring problems.  Unfortunately, though that contempt is clearly genuine, the album cannot be saved by its own most  glaring problem: the three songs that make up the body of Animals are too  long for their own good.  The album starts off well enough with \\"Pigs  on the Wing, Part One,\\" a minute-and-a-half piece about a typical  subject in rock, love and its endearing qualities.  However, nothing Pink  Floyd ever did was typical and this is certainly not a typical love song.   The album ends with \\"Pigs on the Wing, Part Two,\\" which is the  same song as the first but with different lyrics, also lasting a minute and  a half.  The three remaining songs explode with such angst-ridden rage  that, upon hearing them, the average listener may feel it necessary to go  out and commit various acts of violence against his fellow man.  Animals'  main theme deals with the obvious differences between society's classes, a  situation that front man Roger Waters finds inexcusable.  \\"Dogs\\"  is a 17-minute ballad about the people who became known as yuppies in the  decade that followed the release of this album.  As Waters sees it, these  high achievers obtain riches by exploiting lower classes and backstabbing  their way to the top.  This belief is especially evident in the following  three lines: \\"You have to be trusted by the people that you lie to/ So  that when they turn your backs on you/ You'll get the chance to put the  knife in.\\"  The song that follows this lengthy diatribe, \\"Pigs  (Three Different Ones),\\" is even more straightforward in its  disapproval of certain groups of people.  This one lasts eleven and a half  minutes and is punctuated by lines such as, \\"You radiate cold shafts  of broken glass.\\"  Much of this song is spent mocking authority  figures like the police, public officials, military, and self-appointed  moralists who proclaim to know what is best for everyone else.  The latter  group is seen in the form of Mary Whitehead, a British woman who became  famous by attacking the suggestive lyrics of rock artists.  Waters has  nothing but contempt for these people and the restricting effects they have  on everyone else's freedom.  After \\"Pigs\\" comes  \\"Sheep,\\" an ultimately forgettable song about the lower classes  of society rising up from oppression and conquering their oppressors.  This  one comes in at a little over ten minutes, and therein lies the album's  biggest problem: the three main songs are way too long.  \\"Dogs\\"  could have easily been chopped down to twelve minutes while  \\"Pigs\\" would have been precious at eight.  \\"Sheep\\" is  easily the album's weak link and after listening to it, most Floyd fans  will wonder how it made its way onto the album in the first place.  Despite  its obvious shortcomings, Animals flows extremely well and is a strong  musical achievement.  By the time it was made, Waters operated almost total  control of the group and it shows.  The lyrics are strong, the music is  solid for the most part, and one can rest assured that this band is always  attemting to make progress in everything it does.  Good predecessor to the  even-more ambitious Floyd album that would follow.
0060392584|5.0|Marilyn Manson is definitely one of the world's most interesting people. His book is no less. Whether your a hardcore fan or a born again Christian.. or both :). I'm willing to bet you will like this book. It  starts from when he was a small boy up until the present. It lists his  account of the many strange events that come with being and nihilist rock  star in an indifferent and humorous tone. The story follows and references  the ladder of sin from Dante's Divine Comedy, which is illustrated at the  beginning. How ironic. I also think the quotes at the beginning of each  chapter are priceless. <br />If people are going to hate me, I want them to  hate me for the right reasons. -Marilyn Manson
0593044703|1.0|Gave up when major characters were still being introduced around page 200. After a promising beginning focusing on Paran, Erikson starts jumping all over the place. It's hard to follow the plot, and even harder to care about  the never-ending stream of characters that keep arriving on centre stage.  It's a shame, because Erikson does a very good job in spots. A good editor  would've made a world of difference. As it is, though, the book is all but  unreadable.
B000001ZSF|3.0|This CD contains exceptional tracks (1, 4 and 6). Unfortunately, it contains some real bad ones. It is a pity that the celestial theme of the beginning of track 5 is not developed into alarger track. As a final  comment, Chronologie 4 is quite nice!
078324228X|5.0|I can't say enough good things about Denzel!  Once again he has been robbed of a much deserved oscar.  The movie is very good, there are a few slow parts, but Denzel makes up for it.  I have never cried at different  times than in this movie.  Denzel has the power to make you feel what the  Hurricane went through.  The musical score was a master piece as well  Christopher Young is a genious with the Violin.  Watch this and you will  see why Denzel was robbed.  There is no way that anyone can see Denzel and  Kevin's performance and say that Denzel didn't do a greator  (much greater)  acting job than Kevin.  Nuff said!  To Denzel.... don't let the Academy get  you upset you know and the rest of America knows what is right and just!
B00003CXBK|5.0|This yet again is another one of Hayao Miyazaki's spectacluar works.  The animation is absolutly gorgous and dubbing is probably the best that I have seen.  I have seen both the English dub, and the original Japanese version.   For the sake of the American viewers, in the English dub they explained  more in depth about the situations and the legend.  All of Miyazaki's  movies have touched me.  But this one in the most.  He leaves the decision  up to you in the plot.  There is no &quot;bad guy&quot; truthfully in the  story.  It is you're opinion, something that would be taken to debate.  I  can't tell you anymore for I am at a loss of words for what else to say.   But I recommend this movie to everyone, save this movie for the younger  children when they are mature enough to handle and appreciate it.
B00000I07R|4.0|The most frequent criticism of Bon Jovi is that they make music for emotional 14-year-olds. To an extent, this is true. But very few rock fans can listen to this album and say honestly that they dislike it.   This is  just a very entertaining, typically testosterone-driven album, and to cap  things off it contains the band's best song by hundreds of miles, the  wonderful 'Dry County'.
B00004T9UF|4.0|all the bleached-blonde football players who picked up eminem's first album because of his use of the &quot;f word&quot;..are gonna be sorely peeved. this album is a thousand times more melodic, mature, and brilliant  than the slim shady lp...if that's possible. the beats are no longer the  same repetitive thing over and over, and eminem is attacking those same  people that want to blame him for the downfall of societ..and it's about  time he fired back. but the high point of the album, at least for me, comes  when he lets his ecclectic side show....the sampling of acoustic  lilith-chick dido on the album's most moving track, &quot;stan&quot;. all  in all, this is for the thinking slim shady fans. thank god.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Shes no Christina but the album is good anyway.  It most definetly a more mature album. Her cover of Sarifaction is great. Lucky is a beautiful song. GO but it you will not be dissapointed :)
6304341849|4.0|i felt i should add to what others have said about this movie that although this movie is indeed excellent it does have its flaws. for the most part the additions to the movie that were not present in the book are  beneficial, but to try to put everything from the book into a two-hour long  movie is impossible and consequently the first half seems rushed and too  much like a montage. the second half, in contrast, is truly excellent and  the acting is fantastic as well: ben kingsley is hilarious as the hypnotist  and hugh grant is fine also, but the real kudos should go to the  lesser-known james wilby and the attractive rupert graves.
B000023VR6|3.0|there aren't enough good songs on this CD. yeah sure theres about 3 great songs on there- Still Dre, Forgot About Dre, and The Next Episode. The other songs are alright or just plain bad. I would think that out of 21  songs on the CD (not including the intro) i would expect more out of this  so-called west coast legend. hes lost some of the touch he had on his  previous CDs and still cant match up to Snoop Dogg or 2Pac. If you want a  great rap CD, check out one of Snoops CDs (except for Da Game Is To Be  Sold, Not To Be Told cuz that is Snoop's worst CD)or check out the best rap  CD of all time which is Tupacs All Eyez On Me. if you dont have these CDs,  go out and buy them. if you do have these CDs, then you probably know  exactly what im talking about.
B000000JO3|5.0|minor threat, along with the dead kennedys, is easily the best hardcore punk band of the 80's.  and this record proves it. from the harsh guitars to Ian's frantic vocals, this cd is a sheer masterpiece. stand outs like  &quot;out of step&quot; and &quot;straightedge&quot; go great with unusual  tracks like &quot;good guys don't wear white&quot;, &quot;stepping  stone&quot; and &quot;stumped&quot;.  so in short:  WHY DON'T YOU ALREADY  HAVE THIS ABLUM!  stupid reading my stupid review and buy it already!
B000002LND|5.0|One can't speak of the 80's, or the early 90's for that matter, without talking about the cultural phenomenon that was Madonna. But her cultural significance frequently overshadowed, if not shortshrifted something more essential to Madonna's allure - her music. Well, the Immaculate Collection should silence most of the critics and skeptics alike.  There isn't one filler in this cd, just one sonic ice pop after the other.<br />  Perhaps the only problem I have with the Immaculate Collection is the remixing of the singles.  I would have preferred &quot;Into the Groove&quot; in its original LP glory; ditto for &quot;Holiday&quot;, &quot;Lucky Star&quot; and &quot;Borderline&quot; which were severely edited for time, I gather.  Also, hits like &quot;Dress You Up&quot; and &quot;Angel&quot; were omitted. Despite these flaws, The Immaculate Collection showcases the first half of Madonna's brilliant musical career.  Whether you're a fan or just started liking her, the Immaculate Collection is a great start.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Brilliant, graphic, intense, romantic, eerie, and wonderful art direction. The acting is quite good and this &quot;R&quot; rated version of the Washington Irving story is a facinating experience. Much better than I had  expected, and I am willing to bet for most who have not yet seen this film,  it will be better than you expect as well.
0517122707|5.0|As a veteran bookworm, who cannot be easily dazzled by books any longer, I experienced my greatest literary shock ever reading this amazing book. Maybe it is indescribable but I will try to do it. I think Ignatius is one  of the most grotesque characters of world literature. His queer logic, the  originality of people around him and the maddening course of events  transfixed me for eight hours successively. One hour of that reading took  place in a waiting room and I laughed so much that they had to force me  out. Some of them called me &quot;a special kind of mad&quot; loudly. The  overlapping events and the intelligently woven web of plots and subplots  make one think this is the product of a great genius. Beneath the grotesque  face of the novel lies a great tragedy. A tragedy that is no less striking  than the comedy. And the dexterity of Toole in creating that second  dimension is the proof of his unique place among all writers.<br />Reading  this book is a special experience that urges you to share it with another  one. I gave the first copy to my friends and it soon became a source of  in-jokes, endless conversations and the formation of a sect-like circle of  friends whose only mission is to proselytize the views of Ignatius.<br />I  wish I could read this book in English but alas I had to read its Turkish  translation (itself a masterpiece). I terribly envy people whose native  tongue is English and have the chance to understand the linguistic nuances  fully. After all, even a good translation is not capable of giving the  whole taste of the original text.<br />The only sad thing is the heart-rending  suicide of a literary genius dying an unjustly premature death. If only he  could see that many people around the world adored his opus magnum.
B000000W6F|4.0|Led by Billy Corgan, the Smashing Pumpkins helped begin the refreshing cycle of new and hungry guitar-driven bands at the start of the 1990s.  Compared to later records, \\"Gish\\" contains a fairly low-tech ambiance,  though the songs still stand tall on their own merit. The guitars on  \\"Gish\\" are crisp, sharp and professional-sounding, thanks to Corgan and his intuitive sense of leadership and musical ambition. Also, in the early days of the band, Corgan's voice sounded a little deeper and more controlled, flowing nicely on such songs as \\"I Am One\\" and \\"Siva.\\" There is less soothing, babylike singing and virtually no mad screaming, though both these vocal styles worked great for the Pumpkins as well.<br /><br />The dreamy-sounding Pumpkins foursome made their start in Chicago, eager to prove themselves and not make mistakes. The result is a mature,  straightforward rock album that any new band would be proud of. \\"I just want to get there faster,\\" sings Corgan on \\"Siva,\\" the album's high-powered single. Indeed, \\"getting there\\" meant Corgan had to make a name for his aspiring band by writing great tunes and squeezing the most talent out of his bandmates, who allegedly weren't the best of musicians at the start. Although melody is spared at times on \\"Gish\\" in favor of a faster, razor-sharp immediacy, songs such as \\"Rhinoceros\\" confirm the Pumpkins' ability and blatant desire to attain radio airplay. Conversely, \\"Crush\\" and \\"Suffer\\" are more off-the-beaten-path-type tracks, dreamily standing in place and revealing the longful lyrics of a  lost teenager. \\"Snail,\\" \\"Bury Me\\" and the energetic \\"Fristessa\\" are also great tracks, more driving and unabashedly guitar driven, with Jimmy Chamberlain letting loose on his skins in a big way. One of the best moments of the CD occurs on \\"Window Paine,\\" when Corgan lyrically unleashes a theme he would reinterate for years to come: \\"Do what you're gonna do/Say what you're gonna say/Do what you're gonna do/Yeah, start today/Start today.\\" It may sound simplistic, but his bold message hits a nerve.<br /><br />\\"Gish\\" was a great start for the Smashing Pumpkins. Though many of the Pumpkins B-sides in the band's early years were more adventurous, rocked harder and in some cases were superior songs to what was on \\"Gish\\" (see [[ASIN:B000000W6R Pisces Iscariot]]), this was still a great beginning for four Chicago kids who had no idea what would happen.sound simplistic, but his bold message hits a nerve.     \\"Gish\\" was a great start for the Smashing Pumpkins. Though many of the Pumpkins B-sides in the band's early years were more adventurous, rocked harder and in some cases were superior songs to what was on \\"Gish\\" (see [[ASIN:B000000W6R Pisces Iscariot]]), this was still a great beginning for four Chicago kids who had no idea what would happen.
6302420326|5.0|... This movie is truly a breakthrough because it challengesthe cowardice and silence of the American people regarding the JFKassassination, while also portraying excellent characters, each with their own unique characteristics. The cinematography, pace, and dialogue make this film absolutely mesmerizing. <br />... Stone has done extensive research on the assassination using both books and human sources that were involved in the American government at that time. I suggest that you read Stone's counter to historian's criticisms in the book &quot;Oliver Stone's USA&quot;. Of course, he does not possess all the facts regarding the Kennedy assassination, but he has used numerous resources to speculate on the mysterious death.... Read up on the CIA's secret histories and then decide the logic for yourself...
B000002KJQ|5.0|If you were rock'n in the 70's , when you thought of ZZ Top you thought of Tres Hombres. Billy Gibbons Himself when asked on a 4th of July Radio show out of New Orleans&quot; which album to date would you most be wanted to be  known for&quot;. His answer? Tres Hombres. When the Tres Hombres album hit  the stores ZZ Top was peaking, &quot;On top of their game. If you want to  hear the real birth of one of Americas Rock Groups, You got to get Tres  Hombres. No respectable Rocker would caught dead without this Imfamous  album.
B00003CWN3|5.0|The Nebraskan-Mid-Western landscapes filmed showed big skies and empty highways, representing a flight to freedom, from the stagnation of mundane work, and a steady stream of alcohol, bars, and cigarettes. From Lincoln to  Falls City, seventy miles seperated the past from the future: from Teena  Brandon -- a woman -- to Brandon Teena -- a man.<br />Hilary Swank portrayed a  woman who suffered, technically, from a &quot;sexual identity crisis,&quot;  but it seemed to be more like a man who doesn't know why he was born with  some defects. The duality of Brandon is obvious. And, it is the central  focus of the excellent film, &quot;Boys Don't Cry.&quot; But the subtle  scenes in-between defined what kind of human being Brandon really was: hurt  at being called a lesbian, annoyed with menstration, and finding happiness  at being one of the guys.<br />This is an emotionally difficult movie to  watch; some of the scenes are graphic and overt, while others are subtle  and tragic. But there are times when love is represented so well, that it  makes one realize how much innocence has been lost in the world; how it is  to be with your first, not thinking about anything else, and looking up at  the stars on the clearest of country nights.
B0000020C4|5.0|This is one of the best Les Mis CD's. Everyone is good on it. I LOVE Michael Maguire! Yes I am on the MM side of the Maguire/Warlow war of who is better as Enjolras! Anthony Warlow IS good i will have to admit but I  think Michael shows the power and anger that is Enjolras (plus is doesn't  hurt that he is Drop Dead Gourgeous!) When he sings the line &quot;Will you  take your place with me?&quot; in One Day More You want to go stand by his  side and fight to the Death on the barricade!<br />Colm even though we is  well...a little strange is the only Valjean! Ruthie Henshall is the best  Fantine! PHILLIP QUAST is the Man! He is the only Javert!  Lea  Salonga..what can I say? She is the best! NO ONE can nail the note  &quot;BLIND&quot; in On my own quite like she can. She is tied with Rufelle  as my Favorite Eponine. Michael Ball....BLAAAA I don't know why i just  don't like him.....During A little fall of rain...when Eponine is sapose to  be dieing he is smileing like an idiot while he is SAPOSE to be &quot;grief  Strikin!&quot; The young Cosette and The Gavroche are GREAT! And the  Thenardiers are AMAZING!  A MUST FOR ALL LES MIZ FANS!
B00003W8NM|2.0|There is little I can say about this film that is worthwhile.  A submissive insomniac (E. Norton) meets a capitalist/anarchist (B. Pitt), and they create &quot;Fight Club&quot;.  In time the club mushrooms into a  national franchise of mayhem and destruction.<br />I am not a born again  Christian or anything like that, but I can't help sympathizing with those  who complain about the effect of mass media on our youth when I think about  a movie like this being praised by so many &quot;critics&quot;.  This film  is so disgustingly subversive and the &quot;values&quot; that it promotes  are so twisted and subhuman that one can only hope that the audience would  dismiss it as a mere &quot;contrived and forgettable heap of dung&quot;,  rather than taking it's &quot;revolutionary spirit&quot; too  seriously.<br />As I watched this film I felt nauseous most of the time and  left the theater feeling very disoriented.  In general I don't object to  violence in a film, but this one had a particularly sadistic attitude.  I  would not recommend this film to anyone (especially male children).  The  reason that I rate it as a two star film is for the twist ending, which was  really very clever.  Overall though, this is a wonderful example of pop  cultural trash being hailed as &quot;high art&quot;.  If you want to see  something in a somewhat similar spirit that IS worthwhile check out Stanley  Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange - a film that has value.
630296802X|5.0|This is the best example of Quentin Tarantino's art, a brew of deliciously violent action, amoral characters, farcical situations and extremely eloquent exchanges. It includes bravura performances from Dennis Hopper,  Christopher Walken, Brad Pitt and -- unforgettably -- Gary Oldman as a pimp  who thinks he's black and says that his mother is &quot;an Apache.&quot;
B00000ADG2|5.0|This seems like a weird CD. Mostly because it involves a lot of rap which I can't stand. However, I heard it was good,so I bought it. I'm not disappointed. Lauryn is fantastic and so is her message. Doo Wop and  Everything is Everything are the best songs. To Zion is good too. A must  buy for music fans!
B00003CWPL|5.0|There are boot-leg copies being sold for absurd amounts--The Japanese Laser Disk is being sold at on-line auctions for up to $100.00 each. Please Mr. Lynch, won't you listen to the cries of an old Dying woman and release  this film on DVD so we can really see it at home!  Please, before it's  too late.
B00004SVIK|5.0|I didn't know what to expect, would it be true to the album, better, worse?  It is better, by quite a bit, especially because of the new tracks.  They are not new to the movie, but to the album they are.  I LOVE  &quot;where do we go from here&quot;  and &quot;run like hell&quot;  The  band goes into a real Saucer Full of Secrets thing in the middle, which is  out right awesome.  The final song is quite different than the original,  but still sounds really good.  Even if you own The Wall sudio album, I  still suggest buying &quot;Is There Anybody Out There&quot;   Oh yea...and  the Colorado Avalanche RULE!
0767835255|5.0|This is definitely one of Harrison Ford's best films due to the fact that the movie contains nonstop action with Ford as the president.  Danger soon plagues the presidential jet when the bad guys manage to get seats on board  on the plane while posing as news reporters.  It is up to the president to  save the day with the help of other passengers aboard the plane.
0425107469|4.0|Ok, even if you aren't simply in love with dogs, you may enjoy this book.  Koontz plots are all in a similar genre, but this was one that I enjoyed particularly because it was about the very special bond between humans and  animals.<br />Also, it was horrific enough to keep me turning the pages, and  it had a surprising twist at the end, too.
B00001PE4D|5.0|An excellent film showing Sarah Michelle Geller at her best, she truely puts the role of buffy to the back of your mind. A shocking, thought provocking film that will keep you gripped to the very end.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Ther is no way to deny that if an 18 year old girl breaks all the industry records in the biggest first week gross of any female artist...ever - she must have something to offer...and she does.  This new album by Britney is  fun, cool and enjoyable to listen too.  It makes you want to dance, sing,  love life and it lifts your spirit.  She is a multi talented perfomer who  deserves more credit than is given.  This album is a must buy...for all!
B00004STPT|5.0|As a major soundtrack fan I was surprised by this one. A combination of  very bombastic music ( the battle, barbaric hordes) and dramatic music. My  favourite always has been the more dramatically typed music from example  John Barry, John Williams and of course  James Horner. But after listening  to the gladiator my favourite tracks are definetly the 2 bombastic tracks  from the battle and the barbarian horde. It reminded me of Jerry Goldsmith  in his Rambo days. If you listen carefully you can even hear the moment  that Maximus is victorious in the colosseum. The last track was so  beautifull that it made me decide to watch the movie again.
B00004ST9Q|5.0|I have to say that this DVD is stunning.  It features so many stuff that it's impossible to get bored!  Let's see, you have 21 videos, sure some of them are missing (around 5) mostly because they are duets but let's  remember, this is a greatest hits, so you can't expect to have everything  on it.  The advertisment said, all her &quot;classic&quot; videos.  The  only classic video missing is Exhale (Shoop Shoop) a #1 hit.  But like I  said, there's 21 videos, it's enough don't you think!    Then there's  special performances, I think there's 8, not all of them were in full like  the song &quot;Impossible&quot; from Cinderella was not put completely, but  all these performances are appreciated.  The sound in some of the older  performances like One Moment In Time from the Grammies, are not as perfect  as the new performances, but they are enjoyable.  I really enjoyed each and  every performance.  You can also choose to watch the videos while reading  the lyrics.  I also enjoyed the photo shoot footage (it was very long!),  the interviews, the making of the album.  Really, it's perfect.  You also  get to relive her stunning rendition of the Star Spangled Banner.   Seriously, this is the best music DVD ever, it is very entertaining and  long.  I really hope that Whitney releases other dvds in the near future,  she must!
0553213105|1.0|Please, this was an utterly unconvincing and boring novel. If it wa written today it would be internationally acclaimed for being a dummed down soap opera. Unfortunately, having been composed in, what, the 1830s, it has  become a period drama style romance novel, where instead of foreplay, they  have to bow and curtsy and everything. Althought this may appeal to  worthless romantics, it will not perform well to the MTV generation. The  movie starred Hugh Grant. Please.........
630287789X|1.0|i wouldn't watch this movie again if you paid me. i luv tom cruise, but geez this movie was horrible. i was falling asleep.
B00004T0US|5.0|This cd is excellent even though its nothing we havent heard before, its much more clearer, as they remixed it, you can hear how powerful elvis voice comes through, as he also shows he can still rock with way down!   Keep it up BMG, we still want more unreleased stuff but this is great!   Long live the king still selling 3 million records a year who can argue!
6305537798|5.0|When this movie first came out, I thought, &quot;Oh, great.  Another fluff, teeny-bopper movie.  I'll pass.&quot;  Then I heard that it was loosely based on Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew, and I was  intrigued.  I finally saw it, and I'm glad I gave it a chance.  What a fun  movie!<br />The writers, Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith, have done a  wonderful job of taking the basic premise of The Taming of the Shrew and  making it accessible to today's young people.  Having only seen another  Shrew adaptation (the movie musical Kiss Me Kate) and never having read or  seen the original play, I can't say whether or not 10 Things I Hate About  You is true to the original.  I can, however, say that I'm now dying to  read the play to find out!  The dialogue of the movie is peppered liberally  with witty one-liners that have kept me laughing even into the fifth time  I've seen the movie and make me laugh even now, just thinking about  them.<br />The characters in the movie, from the leads to the supporting cast,  are immensely likable -- some, like Joey Donner (Andrew Keegan) and  Chastity (Gabrielle Union), in a love-to-hate-you kind of way.  I found  myself rooting for Patrick Verona (Heath Ledger) to soften the heart of the  &quot;shrew,&quot; Kat Stratford (Julia Stiles), and for the new kid in  town, Cameron James (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), to win the sought-after Bianca  Stratford (Larisa Oleynik).  I cracked up at the hilarious antics of  show-stealers Ms. Perky (Allison Janney) and Mr. Morgan (Daryl  &quot;Chill&quot; Mitchell).  Larry Miller also shone as the overprotective  father, Walter Stratford, struggling to raise his daughters right all by  himself.<br />I've seen this movie at least five times by now, and I have yet  to get tired of it.  I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a good laugh  without too much effort.
B00000IJPU|5.0|When you get the best song of the best group of all the time... you get  the perfect album!!! ANd, well, meybe I'm overacting, but anyway, this is a  great album... My personal favorite from Maiden... Well... NOw, you'll not  have to listen all the records. THis is a excellent compilation, which  contains classics like &quot;Hallowed be thy name&quot; &quot;The number of  the beast&quot; &quot;The trooper&quot; and &quot;The evil that men  do&quot; combined with excellent songs like &quot;Fear of the dark  live&quot; (Excellent!) and &quot;2 minutes to midnight. Bruce and Blaze  (THe only bad thing is that there are no songs of Di'anno's era) take their  best performances on this album. I would change &quot;Bring your  daughter&quot; for &quot;Stranger in a strange land&quot; and it would be  better, but anyway, this is the &quot;Best of the Best&quot; sorry  &quot;THe best of the beast&quot; If you haven't listened Iron Maiden, then  this is a great album to do it (like I do).<br />Hey, Fear of the dark is the  best live song ever.
B00004SCX6|3.0|This cd is better then the first, because some of the songs are better .<br />Oops I did It- Catchy, i like it<br />Stronger- Good song , i like the message yet why did they have to like screw with her voice? she's not the  best singer but not that bad either.<br />Don't Go Knockin- This song is oh k,  not a fave<br />I Can't Get No- This song is oh k, yes Rolling Stone's is the  best yet a good attempt<br />Don't Let Me Be- Had potential but you can hear  her breathing!, which for a singer can be so annoying to hear. They could  of taken it out.<br />What U See- a good song, don't have anything bad to say  about it.<br />Lucky- I like this song because it's about a singer, my only  complaint is the talking it's sooo annoying!.<br />One Kiss From You- typical  &quot;pop&quot; song<br />Where Are You Now- nice song but they needed to pick  it up a bit , because it is sort of boring at the beginning.<br />Can't Make  You Love Me- This song is pretty good,her voice doesn't sound that  bad.<br />When Your Eyes Say It- this is by Diane Warren who writes so  beautifully, but Britney's voice I don't think could handle it.<br />Dear  Diary- Well hey she did write a song, but it's childlish and in my opinion  any singer could of written it.<br />So overall her cd is oh k, but i highly  suggest to Jive that they  1) give her vocal training so she can breathe  better 2) That she keeps praticising writing songs.
B000005H55|5.0|To me Eric Dolphy is the first and foremost innovator of the bass clarinet.  it is an under rated instrument and dolphy is an under rated player.  On this Blue Note release he is in top form.  his interaction with  Bobby Hutcherson is amazing.  the album is cheap and the music is  unbelievable...so do yourself a favor and buy it!
B00004T0US|5.0|This cd is excellent even though its nothing we havent heard before, its much more clearer, as they remixed it, you can hear how powerful elvis voice comes through, as he also shows he can still rock with way down!   Keep it up BMG, we still want more unreleased stuff but this is great!   Longe live the king still selling 3 million records a year who can argue!
B00004T9UF|5.0|First off, I have been a die-hard country music fan for 18 years.<br />After hearing &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; a few weeks ago, I had to find out who put it out.  May 26th I bought the CD.  I love it.  I love all the  songs.  I really, really am surprised at what I found.  I expected a rap CD  about killing everyone.  I got that, but Eminem backs up his argument very  well.  He lets his audience know that he is just a music artist, and that  everyone needs to loosen up sometimes.<br />His best songs are  &quot;Stan,&quot; &quot;Kill You,&quot; and &quot;Marshall Mathers.&quot;   &quot;Stan&quot; stands out of the CD the most.  It is a song about a  crazed fan.  His songs are very well-written and I hope he gets a Grammy.  ...<br />After Garth Brooks, George Strait, and Brooks and Dunn, I have grown  tired of country music.  Eminem is a great switch, as far as I'm concerned.   <br />wilsonaw@email.uc.edu
B00000JCB2|3.0|I only needed to listen one song &quot;NOOKIE&quot; to realize that this guys have quite enough to be great, well, they are already famous. Usually,I don't like this kind of music (What is his name) but Nookie is a  good song, if only they could be more creative on lyrics... WHy to use bad  words?  I'm a heavy metal fan and no, this is no heavy metal... I' still  sayin'... What the hell is this
0688062334|4.0|No matter your age, this book is a gem. Not only is it completely hilarious, but the characters are some of the most full-fleshed and wonderful to make an appearance in ANY genre of literature. Sophie is  strong and prematurely cantankerous, Howl is dizzyingly unpredictable, and  Calcifer has more personality than one would ever expect from a fire demon.  And to top it off, the book takes place in multiple worlds, from the realm  of fairy tales to our own, and handles each one with verve and subtle wit.  Jones's style of writing is appealing to both the younger and the older set  of readers alike, and both will take something different from the  experience.    <br />Admittedly, the plot is sometimes impossible to follow. A  common trait of Diana Wynne Jones's writing is her tendency to assume that  the reader understands what she is trying to say, when in fact the reader  hasn't a clue. <br />Nonetheless, this book is packed with magic, humor, and  loveable characters. What more can a reader of fantasy ask for?
B000005H40|5.0|i think that this album along with KIND OF BLUE by the Miles Davis quintet are two albums every music fan should have.  I also always recommend this to those just getting into jazz.  buy it and enjoy.
B0000017CA|5.0|I was reading about Acid Bath because I have been an Acid Bath fan since I was little.  My brother used to listen to Scream Of The Butterfly all of the time.  But I am correcting the writer in the statement that Scream Of  The Butterfly is about miscarriage.  Close, but not cigar.  It's about  abortion.  Just an error that I would like to correct.  Thanks, and Keep  Jamming.
0800137884|5.0|This is a voluptuous, stunning film that I have viewed dozens of times. Coppola's use of color, light and fog is superb and Gary Oldman gives a powerful performance as the count...erotic as well as demonic.The rest of  the ensemble cast is excellent, with special kudos going to Keanu Reeves.  The part of Jonathan Harker, perhaps one of the hardest in all literature  to flesh out on film, is played here with great sensitivity, and one can  see his courage and character build through the trials he must endure. This  is a must for any collector of this genre !
0446343129|5.0|For weeks I walked to and from work, over one hour each way, to help drop through a weight plateau of 199 pounds.  No matter what I did, including dieting, I was destined to be a 199-pounder for life!    Then, one Sunday  evening, I read the first few chapters of a book a friend lent me,  &quot;Sugar Blues&quot; by Dufty.  My first reaction to the information  contained in it was entirely emotional: anger and disgust.  Until that  moment I had never given sugar a moment's worth of thought.  That Sunday  evening, I felt my anger so intensely, that I promised myself that I  immediately would stop my ingestion of sugar for MORAL reasons.  As I read  further, I wished that I had known this information years ago.  I wished  that I had used this information while raising my children.  I am saddened  that I didn't get to the profound wisdom in this book sooner than I did.   But, life is full of important lessons.  This book is but lesson number  one.  And learning this lesson later is better than not learning it at all.   While reading &quot;SUGAR BLUES&quot; I was also reading another book on  the topic of meats.  I decided to give up sugar and meats.  That Sunday  evening, I switched to a SWEETENER-FREE and meat-free lifestyle.  On  Thursday of that week I spent time between the fetal position in bed and  sprinting to the washroom.  I thought I had the flu, but looking back,  I  now realize I had what I'd describe as, &quot;withdrawl&quot; symptoms.  24  hours later I was feeling better.  7 days later, when I weighed myself, I  received the first of many self-fulfiling rewards: I cracked my weight-loss  plateau, was finally down to 190 pounds.  Three weeks later, I lost another  6 pounds and was down to 184.  Seven weeks later I was at 177.  10 weeks  later 174.  I have had to tighten my belt 5 notches! I fit into pants that  I had not fit into since 1978.  As of this last week, I stabilized at a  weight plateau of 174 pounds.  I have lost a cool 25 pounds.  This book  made me THINK about the quality of, and effect from, the &quot;foods&quot;  I shovelled into my mouth.  This book motivated me to read the labels  before I bought.  It is an absolute MUST HAVE for your home library...a  MUST SHOW to friends who you care about...a book that you MUST DOG-EAR and  underline, (use over and over again).  It might be a good idea for you to  think about buying several or more copies of this book in paper back  version, (low cost), to either give away or circualte among your friends  and relatives. If you do, you just might enhance your life and theirs.   Thank you for taking the time to read my thoughts about &quot;SUGAR  BLUES&quot;.  By sharing my experience I am hoping that your life will  become healthier.  All the best in your decision to buy &quot;Sugar  Blues&quot;.
0694003611|5.0|This was a favorite of mine as child and as the parent of a three year old and an eighteen month old,I rediscovered this classic.<br />Filled with whimsical illustrations and a charming,simple story,that even the youngest  of children will love,this book will become an instant favorite.<br />Not a  night goes by that this book isn't read. Not just once but sometimes two or  three times,to each child. Both children have their own copies and both  love this story.<br />This is the perfect book to help foster a lifelong love  of books.
B000003N7G|5.0|if i could give this album more than a 5 i would.  there is really not much to say about it.  it is heartfelt, beautiful music and i feel like crying every time i hear it.
0767819594|2.0|The only thing that I found enjoyable about this film is the soundtrack, which is several notches above the film itself. I agree with the previous reviewer that the turnaround of Sebastian is unbelievable.  We are supposed  to believe that this sociopath falls in love, and suddenly finds grace and  a soul?  While his sister remains the evil, conniving one?  Both are pretty  heinous characters throughout the film. In this story it is implied that a  truly despicable character can redeem himself without any real effort.  Sebastian is transformed into the wronged hero. But perhaps his fate at the  end is a commentary on his previous behavior.  I hope that was the  filmmaker's intention, not just to manipulate us into feeling sorry for  him.<br />The movie itself does an &quot;about-face,&quot; going from a  satirical comedy to a melodrama. At times Kathryn and Sebastian's behavior  and manner of speech is so over-the-top that it is laughable.  The only  characters who seem somewhat real are Ronald and Annette, though Annette's  attraction to Sebastian strikes me as highly unlikely.  <br />(And what is it  with the lesbian kissing scene between Kathryn and Cecile?  It was not  unpleasant to watch, but certainly not necessary or pertinent to the plot.   And it seemed out of place considering the characters'  personalities.)<br />This is not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it seems  to be a sad commentary on what is acceptable entertainment at the turn of  the 21st century.  Why do we entertain ourselves with such vulgar and  hideous depictions of young life?  I know that all films cannot be cheery  and rosy.  But in my opinion they should have some redeeming value in  helping us understand the human condition a little better.  There is  nothing humanly touching in this movie.
6304297912|5.0|I must admit, I was skeptical when a friend of mine recommended this movie (enthusiastically, might I add) to me.  I had heard some not so pleasant things about it, but decided to take the plunge and find out for myself.  I  was absolutely blown away.  It was all things to me, interesting, shocking,  visually stimulating, enthralling, and highly emotional.  The actors  themselves did an outstanding job in their respective roles, and were  eerily convincing as junkies.  I found myself truly envolved with the  characters, through their exstasy and agony, their loss and gains.  Ewan  McGregor is pure genius, and has a certain quality that makes you really  connect to his character.  This is a disturbing film.  However,  I highly  recommend it simply for the fact that it is a superbly crafted film.
0887309372|2.0|This is a father and daugther book that in fact tries to use the brand of The 22 Immutable Laws of Mrketing (in itself an excellent book) by the father and Trout. Unfortunately, they manage to sell this book, because  they use this branding (title, cover, structure, the Reis name) to suggest  that it is as good and revolutionary as the original. Unfortunately, it is  neither. There exists a number of good books on the market what regards  branding, this is not one of them. But you have to admire their use of  branding in selling the book to an unsuspecting public, even though I find  it morally questionable.
B0000027RL|5.0|OK I REVIEWED THIS CD BE4...BUT I SHOULDA SAID MORE......AFTER LISETENING TO IT EVEN MORE I CAME TO REALIZE..THIS CD WILL GO DOWN IN YEARS TO COME AS ONE OF THE GREATEST ROCK ALBUMS EVER RECORDED! IT SEEMS AS THOUGH NO MATTER  HOW MANY YEARS GO BY THAT PEOPLE WILL ALWAYS LISTEN TO IT..I LISTEN TO IT  ALL THE TIME! PEARL JAM BASICALLY CREATED A NEW WAY OF MUSIC WITH THIS  MASTERPIECE.THERE IS SO MUCH ENERGY ON THIS CD YOU JUST WANNA SCREAM HELLO!  EDDIE VEDDER HAS THE BEST VOICE IN ALL OF THE MUSIC WORLD AND GIVES SOOOOO  MUCH EMOTION IN HIS SONGS. I THINK &quot;ALIVE&quot; IS THE BEST TRACK AND  &quot;EVEN FLOW&quot;  &quot;JEREMY&quot; &quot;PORCH&quot;  &quot;DEEP&quot; &quot;BLACK&quot; ARE SONGS EVERYONE WILL  LOVE...&quot;ONCE&quot; AND &quot;GARDEN&quot; ARE ALSO GREAT. SO PLEASE DO  YOORSELF A FAVOR AND PICK UP &quot;TEN&quot; IT IS BEYOND EXCELLENCE!
6303394000|5.0|When I first saw this movie, I loved it!  It was so unusual...not at all the typical musical.  Now (how many years later?), it's still one of my favorites.  One of the rare ones that's withstood the test of time.  Don't  expect the same old jazz.  It's realistic and disturbing.  You'll be  thinking about it long after you see it.
0783240287|5.0|This is my ABSOLUTE favorite movie in my collection, surpassing Pretty Woman, Forrest Gump, Star Wars, and Austin Powers.  I can't complain about ANYTHING with &quot;Joseph...&quot; besides I don't get to watch it enough!   I loved how great the sound quality, image quality, acting, costumes,  sets, music, and everything else I can't remember right now were.  Not a  single complaint.  I guarantee that If you love theater, you'll love this  show.  A great investment at ANY cost.
B00004T9UF|4.0|Eminem's newest release is a wacky blend of hip-hop, humor, violence, homophobia and irreverence. This is definately not for the kind at heart, Disney loving audience that found Vanilla Ice to be the Elvis of rap. If  anything, Eminem is the Joe Pesci of rap. He manages to dis virtually  everyone in society, including his mom and the late, great Sonny Bono. If  you enjoy watching Pulp Fiction, you'll probally love this. If you don't,  stay as far from this as possible.
B00004SCX6|4.0|If Britney Spears' debut album &quot;...Baby One More Time&quot; was a &quot;white hot funk smoker,&quot; then her follow-up album &quot;Oops...I Did it Again&quot; could be labeled an &quot;orgasm inducing slice of  ear-pleasing pie.&quot;  Witness as Britney growls and coos her way through  the title track, leaving even the most demanding music connoiseur feenin'  for more of her blatant yet subdued sexuality.  And Britney's clever rehash  of the Rolling Stones' &quot;(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction&quot; excited my  friend into a hormonal frenzy, yelling at the top of his lungs, &quot;THIS  SONG IS MAKING ME HOT!&quot;  If these two tracks alone are any indication  of what's to come on the rest of the album, a first-time listener should  prepare him/herself for a rip-roaring roller coaster ride through the  confused mind of an adolescent girl blossoming into a bonafide young sex  symbol.  &quot;OOps&quot; proves, if nothing else, that there's a little  bit of 16 year-old girl, or boy, in all of us.  Musically, all of what was  included on the first CD, is back, but amplified tenfold and injected with  even more singability.  &quot;Stronger&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot; demand  your attention, and by second listen, you will be singing along at the top  of your lungs.  The album loses some momentum as the Robert  &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange penned &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last to Know&quot;  takes up space in a line-up of otherwise smoking beats.  This average  ballad is soon forgotten, however, as Britney wastes no time in moving  right back into her proven material, white hot funk dance smokin' songs.   There are definitely more gems on this disc than granite pebbles.  The  throwaway tracks &quot;Where Are You Now&quot; and &quot;Dear Diary&quot;  (written by the young diva herself) are outweighed by the above-mentioned  smokers.  By the end of the CD, the young listener, the demographic to whom  the disc is primarily marketed, will be ready to hit &quot;rewind&quot; andstart again.  The older, and more jaded listener, will be digging in his or  her closet, looking for those old dancing shoes.  Check this CD out, it  truly is da bomb!
B0000027RL|5.0|From the weee age of 9 I have been listening to pearl jam as well nirvana, sound garden, nin, and stp.  Out of all it is very hard to say which i like the most.  But when it comes to favorite cd it is most certainly Ten. This  album expresses every emotion possible.  If you noticed the title and  wondered huh? well it is simple. if a person has not heard ten then you can  tell them so much about it and why they should get it.  If you are with  some one who has heard ten then you need not say nothing they already know.   It is not thier best cd because well their cds are all difrent with a  difrent emotion but this is one you can put and have everything disapear.   If you own any pj cds and don't have this one, get it now!       if you  ever get the chance to see them live pray the play ten because it will be  the best damn show you ever seen.  Trust me, i've seen all their shows.
079073463X|5.0|There are so few good, old fashioned and beautiful love stories made that all ages can watch! Good vs. evil is always a good topic to raise around children (mine loved the film) and this movie started some great  conversations.  The actors and actresses were perfectly cast- Michelle  Pfeiffer is so lovely, even when her hair's chopped off! Rutger Hauer is  very realistic as a warrior/ captian of the guard &amp; Matthew Broderick  is adorable and infurating as &quot;Mouse&quot;, the thief with the heart  of gold. One of my all time faves!
B000001FKY|5.0|I can't believe you actually have to read this review to know whether or not to get this album. YES! This one is worth the money because every song is incredible, and the album flows. My favorites are 'Animal', 'Hysteria',  'Pour Some Sugar on Me' and 'Love Bites'. But can you believe I left out  'Women' and 'Rocket'? Def Leppard was IT when this album came out, and when  you hear it now, you can see why. I'm not even that much of a rock fan, (I  am more of a pop/R&amp;B fan), but I can appreciate good music when I hear  it. This CD will never leave my CD changer for very long, and it won't  leave yours either. Believe the critics, not only is this the best Def  Leppard CD ever, but it is one of the best of 80s Rock. Awesome! I'm  surprised there hasn't been a remake of 'Love Bites' because it is one of  the best ballads I have ever heard. I think Lenny Kravitz could pull it  off...<br />Addendum: Former Jodeci member Dalvin Degrate  (Met.A.Mor.Phic) actually remade &quot;Love Bites&quot; on his April debut  album - so I was on the money when I said the song would probably be  covered!
B00003CWN2|2.0|The amazon.com reviewer wrote that &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; was &quot;based on&quot; the murder of Teena Brandon.  That is being too kind.  The picture takes more than a few artistic liberties and turns what could  have been a riveting and heart-wrenching look into the short life of Teena  Brandon into some sort of transgender agenda piece, portraying Brandon as a  martyr for the cause.  This movie is overrun by factual inaccuracies.  I  say this because I am quite familiar with the facts of this case and know  many of the people involved.<br />Lana Tisdel, for instance, is portrayed as  knowing but not not caring that Brandon Teena was in fact Teena Brandon.   Tisdel herself said she did not know.  Teena Brandon's own mother filed a  suit against Fox because of the way her daughter was portrayed in the film.   Furthermore, two innocent people were murdered with Brandon, neither of  which was the &quot;Candace&quot; character who is killed along with  Brandon in the movie.    <br />On balance and in the film's defense I will say  that it did a very good (but overly brief) job of portraying the  indifference shown by Sheriff Charles Laux to Brandon's rape and the rather  accusatory method by which he questioned her.<br />Technically, the acting  performances are quite good, especially those of Hilary Swank and Chloe  Sevigny.  Whether Swank's performance was Oscar-worthy is rather  questionable from my point of view, as I saw all of the nominated  performances and thought that Annette Bening in &quot;American Beauty&quot;  was much more deserving of the award.  <br />This would have been a very good  motion picture had director Kimberly Pierce not tried to turn it into some  sort of homage to transgenderism.  Those who want to know what really  happened in this case would be well-advised to check out the independently  produced &quot;The Brandon Teena Story&quot;, which presented the facts  without the distortion of fact and glaring inaccuracies that Pierce relieson to make &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; work. Had she done so, Brandon would  have come across as an individual who lived her life deceiving others and  who lost that life when the deceit became known.  The real tragedy in this  film is that it trvializes the lives of Phillip Devine and Lisa Lambert,  who were killed along with Brandon.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is pack with great music. His lyrics are aousome. Most of the tracks are much different than the Real Slim Shady (the first single). this is a must buy for any Emienem fan
B00004T8RK|5.0|EVERY DAMN PERSON WHO WROTE A PARAGRAPH OR TWO ABOUT THIS ALBUM LOVES  PEARL JAM. YOU ARE WASTING YOUR TIME READING OR WRITING ANY REVIEW OF  BINAURAL, GOOD OR BAD, THEY'RE ALL THE SAME, THEY LOOK LIKE BOOK REPORTS.  PLEASE STOP.
B00004SCX6|4.0|My opinion on each of the songs- 1. Single...Hit...A-Okay with me! 2. Catchy chorus...really cool edgy beat.  3. Nice RnB influenced song...beat  is a little over used. 4. Lengthy...Great attitude...Good beat.  5. Sounds  too much like an actually Shania song...good song though.  6. Catchy  Chorus...'Okay' beat. 7. Excellent Song...Good Lyrics! 8. Off Track  Song...baad.  9. Great Ballad...good lyrics. 10. Excellent Dance Song! 11.  Boring...grows on you after awhile.  12. Sweet...Short...like a poem...or  should I say Diary Entry.
B000005JXG|5.0|This was the first Pogues album I ever bought.  I had listened to Peace and Love when it came out, but I had (I am embarrassed to admit) dismissed this band as creators of &quot;pirate music&quot;.  And indeed, they do  have a bit of a sea-shanty feel to them at times on their romps.  But for  me to continue to hold the &quot;pirate&quot; opinion would have been to  blindly ignore the tremendous musicality and brilliant poetry of this  band.<br />Most everyone realizes that the drunken delivery of Shane McGowan  of poetic lyrics are brilliant.  But would the brilliance come through  without the tight composition of rollicking Irish music that backs the  words?  The seven backing musicians, especially on the fast, punk-tinged  romps such as &quot;Sit Down By The Fire&quot; and the title track, show of  a virtuosity unknown within the realm of punk (the place where most people  put the Pogues).  Songs such as &quot;Metropolis&quot; are nothing short of  amazing.  Songs such as &quot;The Broad Majestic Shannon&quot; glisten with  a Joycean sheen of Guinness in pubs on a Saturday morning before going off  to watch the local rugby club combined with a feeling of a stone house in a  heather lea in the mist.  Old Ireland meets &quot;London Calling&quot;.<br />I  have a collection of almost 1000 cds, and this one is always in the  rotation, along with &quot;Rain Dogs&quot; by Tom Waits, David Bowie's  &quot;Heroes&quot;, and &quot;Workbook&quot; by Bob Mould.  While it may  take a few listens to really discover what makes this disc tick, it is  worth the effort.  Nothing short of the most rewarding disc to come out of  England in the mid-80s.
B000005ITX|5.0|I grew up exposed to the Beatles, Dylan, etc. By the time I got to high school and college I was fully immersed in the rock heyday that was the late 1960s.  Somehow I never became alerted to Love and their masterpiece  Forever Changes. I've seen Love described as the missing link betwen the  Byrds and the Doors and consider that to be somewhat accurate. However,  there's also a lot more to their music than that.  Influences of Spanish  guitar and brass, and  San Fransisco style psychaedelia figures prominently  into their songs. There in a thin layer of datedness on some of the  production arrangements but after a few listens those give way to the  absolute beauty of the songs. All of the songs are outstanding, but none  really dominate the others. Accordingly, this is one of the best albums to  play from start to finish that I've come across. It just flows similarly to  &quot;The Doors&quot; and &quot;Exile On Main Street&quot;. Arthur Lee's  voice works wonderfully with the musical style and his lyrics are a  conundrum that leaves one pondering the lines swirling through their head.   The closest musical contemporary would have to be the Doors but Love's  musical is much more upbeat and less brooding. This album is recommenable  to anyone interested in rock, but especially those with late 60s leanings.  If you've never heard this album before, you're in for a treat.
B00002DEIX|2.0|If this CD is &quot;smooth&quot; and full of &quot;grace and beauty&quot;,  then I have to assume that I wasn't listening to the same Joshua Redman CD that the other reviewers were listening to....<br />  I have a large jazz  collection and for some reason I hadn't listened much to  Mr. Redman.  Now  I know why.....<br />  Many of the cuts on this CD are quite the opposite  of &quot;smooth&quot;, and in fact are harsh and cold !  In fact this is  one of the few CD's I've bought in the last ten years that I would like to  return.....<br />  My inclination after listening to the entire CD several  times is that Joshua Redman is vastly over-rated...there are so many great  jazz musicians who are more talented than he is, but then maybe he and his  fans make up for it by being pretentious...
B00004SCX6|1.0|I bought the cd thinking maybe it is more hard hitting because of her song oops I did it again...which I have already grew weary of....It is the same song over and over and over again...Her voice gets aggravating especially  on the slow songs in particular 'Don't let me be the last to know'  Shania  should of recorded that one..Great song wrong voice...I can't believe how  much she ruined her remake of the song &quot; I can't get no  satisfaction&quot; Words can't describe my disgust...She did break a  record..How?  Ask the teenyboppers!LOL  She has got them wrapped around her  finger...I guess you grab their attention you hit the goldmine, but not  with the music only the money....
B000001FFJ|5.0|The middle album of the Mid-80s trilogy (between &quot;Frank's Wild Years&quot; and &quot;Swordfish Trombones&quot;) is considered by many to be Tom's greatest album.  Who am I to argue with this assessment?  On a  dark and rainy night with a tumbler of bourbon, there is nothing that  completes the mood like this disc.<br />Quite simply, Tom Waits is a poet.   Like Leonard Cohen and Shane McGowan--and even Louis Armstrong, from a  different era--Tom's voice is evocative in it's harshness.  Expressing a  tough life of too much whiskey and too many cigaretes, songs such as  &quot;Downtown Train&quot; (forget the good but not great cover by Rod  Stewart), &quot;Walking Spanish&quot;, and &quot;Gun Street Girl&quot;, or  spoken poems like &quot;9th and Hennepin&quot; add just the right amount of  urban blight accompanyment to create something that is completely and  totally unique, and beautiful.<br />I do have my favorites on this disc:   &quot;Tango Till They're Sore&quot; with its images of a New Orleans  funeral procession; the Country-music strains of &quot;Blind Love&quot;;  and one must not forget the simple, raw emotion of &quot;Time&quot;.  There  is no true filler material on this album, and the great songs are among  Tom's greatest.  All in all, the one Tom Waits album each fan must own  above all others.
B000005L86|5.0|Its a shame the Congos were neglected for so long, and its nice to see this record getting a fair amount of notice for the classic that it is. When I bought this CD I knew only that Lee Perry produced it and that it  was considered a lost classic.  Even a friend who was a serious reggae  aficionado had no active recolleciton of the group.  The recording is pure  joy and a shining example of both Lee Perry's wild and inventive productive  techniques and roots reggae at its finest. The Congos consisted of the  classic male vocal trio with standard Rastafarian and Biblical lyrics.  Their voices and the songs are exceptional but really pushed to greatness  by Perry's atmospheric production.  Perry added in an armamentarium of  percussive sounds to the tracks and drenched them in reverberation. The  meditative dub influences are also there and the result is a trip.  The  only problem is that the opening track, &quot;Fisherman&quot;, is so  perfect the rest of the album struggles to maintain that standard.  Regardless, this album is totally classic and in my opinion its the best  album ever produced by Perry (yes including Bob Marley and the Wailers  &quot;Catch a Fire&quot;).  Along with Cultures' &quot;Two Sevens  Clash&quot; the best roots reggae has to offer. The bonus of disc of  rarities and alternates is a great bonus.
B00004RHZU|4.0|This debut album from this newcomer is very well put together. Her style is not only unique, but could be very trendsetting. Her music is somewhat a cross between Rap/R&amp;B/Pop/and a little Rock thrown in, but all in a  good way. She collaborates with many great producers/writers such as  Babyface, SoulShock &amp; Karlin, She'kspeare, 112, &quot;Tricky&quot;  Stewart and many more. Some of the more outstanding tracks on the album  would have to be the essentric, mind-boggling SPLIT PERSONALITY, the  stereo-rocking YOU MAKE ME SICK, and the sure-fire hit MOST GIRLS. Other  notable songs are the infectious HICCUP and beat-driven PRIVATE SHOW. A few  traditional ballads (i.e. STOP FALLING and LET ME LET YOU KNOW) thrown in  with this blend of edgy, body-moving tracks makes this album a great start  for a bright future for P!NK.
B000002UVZ|5.0|After their minor hit success of &quot;Driver 8&quot; from &quot;Fables of the Reconstruction&quot;, REM follows up with what I feel is their most enjoyable album.  As other reviewers have pointed out, this album brings  Michael Stipe's vocals to the forefront where they can be heard if not  always understood just what the heck he is talking about.  But I am not  sure that is what makes this album so much more satisfying than their ones  prior to &quot;Life's Rich Pageant&quot;.  For me, it is probably that  Peter Buck's guitar work, for perhaps the first time consistently in their  career, seems to have a purpose other than to just make a jangle-tone.  In  fact, on many songs this album flat out rocks.  &quot;Begin the Begin&quot;  and &quot;I Believe&quot; compare well in the rock sense against  contemporary albums by groups as revered as The Replacements&quot;.  In  other words, this is the album where REM grew up into a mature ensemble,  but still before they decided they were more important than the music.
0425170349|4.0|The story itself brings readers a positive mind to continue reading. It provides good Vocab as well as good structures. However, some parts in the story is too long winded which make the reader gets bored easily,  especially the part where killgore made the medical experiment on the girl.   On the other hand, there are some events which are pretty intresting and  thrilling. FOr example, the terroists' incidence which provides plenty of  detaills. To summarise, this book is suitable for all ages and i definately  want to recommand this to everyone.
B00004T8RK|5.0|The first time I played this album I was unsure if I liked it then I played it again and it sunk in and now I love it. Some of the greatest music is horrible the first time you listen to it. <br /> This album is great  because it shows so much growth and is so much more mature. It has a great  sound to it and has some of the best songs I have heard in along time ( of  the girl, breakerfall, insignificance). <br /> Sadly, to many people are still  stuck on them being grunge which as most people know they never were  (remember grunge is: rock, punk and metal) because of everything going on  with grunge at the time ten came out they were put into that category by  people looking for another grunge band. They never were grunge. Now,  because of that every single album they put out that is farther from what  Ten was they are attacked. <br /> Now, this album is just great. It's the best  they have ever done and and sure not by far the last. The band has never  sounded as good.  It's great to see great bands come out with new material  that it truly new not the same stuff recycled over and over.
B0000047EC|5.0|this may be one of the most perfect albums of the last 20 years. it simplicity is its beauty. no cd collection should be without this recording.
B0000026WD|5.0|Dangerous, Michael's follow-up album to BAD, can be described in one word...&quot;AWESOME&quot;!  This CD has it all, soft tracks and hard ones.  The best songs on this release include: Dangerous, Will You Be There?,  Give in to Me, and Remember the Time.  With many CDs, I find myself  listening to parts of songs and then skipping back-and-forth between  tracks...not with this one!  Every one of these songs will keep you  entertained from beginnning to end.  In my opinion, this is Michael's 3rd  best album to date.  BAD is the best (please see my review in the BAD  section), and Thriller is 2nd best.  MJ fans will obviously enjoy this  album.  But I believe that non-fans can also enjoy it.  Forget about  Jackson's controversial personal life and listen to the music for what it  really is.  Happy listening!
B000002UCE|5.0|This album is the best solo effort by John Lennon, after his brilliant work as a Beatle. The songs are inventive, the sarcasm is intact, he even shreds Paul McCartney in the track How Do You Sleep? (with the help of  George Harrison who appears on this album on many tracks. Gimme Some Truth  is Lennon at his best. Gone is the soft pop sound of Paul, and Lennon is  better than ever.
B000007RV5|5.0|This c.d. is the best and it's music is better then signifcant others.
B000002UD0|3.0|This album was made during Lennon's worst year. The songs lack any organization and production except for one track. #9 Dream is a beautiful song and almost worth the price of the cd. Still as a true Lennon Fan, I  chalk this album up to  Yoko's effect on Lennon during the making of this  album.
B000000WJ2|4.0|This album sounds more like a collection of rhythm tracks Keith was recording for a Stones album, than a bona fide solo album.  It's still great, as it shows Keith in his purest form.<br />The opening track,  &quot;999,&quot; sounds like an instrumental track with vocals added at the  last minute, which give it its edge.  The opening chords of &quot;Wicked As  It Seems&quot; sounds like the Stones' &quot;Love Is Strong&quot; in its  infant stage.  &quot;Running Too Deep&quot; is not long enough, and sounds  like a rhythm track in need of a guitar solo, but it shows Keith to be the  superior rhythm guitar player in rock.  &quot;Will But You Won't&quot;  follows in the same vein.<br />The songs on this album are better than some of  Keith's solo offerings with the Stones, aside from &quot;Happy,&quot;  &quot;Before They Make Me Run,&quot; and &quot;Little T &amp; A.&quot;  I  can't wait for Keith's next solo effort.  How about some recordings from  Keith and Ronnie Wood's 70s band, The New Barbarians?
B000046PVN|5.0|Finally, the entire score for Superman: The Movie!  No doubt one of Williams finest scores which ranks up there with Star Wars and Indiana Jones.  I am so very pleased to have all the music to this movie, there are  some wonderful parts that the other CDs left out.  My only complaints are  that they didn't get Williams to re-conduct the score since it sounds old  and muffled at times.  The other atempt to make a 'complete' Superman Score  recording is newer and sounds better but is missing quite a bit.  This  Sound problem though is a small price to pay for the entire Superman Score.  Simply Super!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is one of the best I've ever heard from any artist. Personally, N 2Gether Now is the best song. Method Man is perfect for this song. other than that, i absolutely love break stuff and re-arranged. This cd is hella  good!
6303168507|5.0|I have to say that in the seven years since Schindler's List, Steven Spielberg has yet to outdo himself. From the opening sequences of the Nazi banquet, to the final sequences of Schindler's Jewish workers today, one's  eyes will be completely glued to the screen; not because there is non-stop  action, but because they will be intrigued at how a Nazi that seemingly  only had his mind on money (and women) would save the lives of over one  thousand Jews from the concentration camps.<br />Schindler's List is a  touching epic that combines powerful acting with directorial mastery, not  to mention the effectiveness of monotone for a documentary. If you think  that history is boring, watch this movie, and you'll want to learn about  the Holocaust... and how you can do your part to prevent another one in the  future.
0451196716|5.0|The Long Walk grips you from the first death and doesn't let go. The suicidal aspect of volunteering for this event seems to hang over every mile of the &quot;race&quot;. It is also sad that all these boys must die,  just as you are beginning to know them, along with the Ray Garraty  character. Simply written, emotionally draining, and profound.
0671578278|4.0|This is a bit of a departure for Miles and Bujold, a novel neither about war nor political intrigue (well, some anyway), but about romance.<br />It's impossible to do justice to all of the plot threads in this story, but the  main one involves Miles setting his sights on a certain young lady and  engaging in his usual complex plotting to achieve what he wants to happen.  However, romance is not a battle, and the whole thing blows up in his face  - somehow Miles has problems dealing with real life, and he ends up having  to all but grovel before his intended before it all works out.<br />Other plot  threads involve other romances, a soupcon of political intrigue (some of  which hinges on the outcome of the romances), and a plan to sell bug poop  for profit. (Don't ask, just read the book.)<br />So, don't get this book and  expect the usual Bujold/Vorkosigan fare. In fact, don't make this your  first Vorkosigan at all - start at least with Komarr, the prequel to this  one, if you're not prepared to go through the entire rest of the series  first (which I should say are well worth it). And be prepared for a book  that's scarcely sf at all (except for the trappings) but nonetheless most  enjoyable.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Never a band to conform to predictability and commercial expectation PJ deliver a solid and dependable collection of earthy rock songs. Some fans will be disappointed, wishing for the group to rehash Ten over and over  again, but that would be pointless. Instead Binaural starts with three  short rocking songs, God's Dice being the highlight. The next five tracks  continue the high standard set with the single Nothing as it seems turning  into a real grower. Then it goes slightly off the boil, Sleigh of hand  easily the best of the rest. The Who have obviously influenced the band  during recording as Breakerfall pays homage to the past. So to summarise  the album: best song, probably God's Dice, most commercial song - Light  Years, most catchy chorus - Evacuation, most skippable song - Soon forget  (I already have) and song with most potential - Of the girl. Buy if already  a fan who owns every album, if a casual listener buy Ten and Vs first then  this.
B000021Y7W|5.0|My baby brother forced me to watch this video because I only knew the 2 songs that were most popular. He wanted me to see what &quot;Talking Heads&quot; were really about. Thanks Bro!  This movie changed my music  world forever. Fantastic! I learned that every song they did was  synchronized and truly unique. They have no superiors.
B00000IOSU|5.0|An absolute best buy for Sarah McLachlan fans. Completely awesome melodic harmony!
B00000IAU3|5.0|Like many, I bought this CD for &quot;Here with Me,&quot; the theme from the WB TV show Roswell (&quot;I am what I am...&quot;). At first I was a bit disappointed with the rest of the album, but after listening a few  times, I was hooked. The closing track &quot;Take My Hand&quot; is  magnificent. And so is most of the rest of this music. Very heartfelt and  well produced. It's actually a lot like the Roswell TV show -- lots of  strange things carefully hidden away that only rise to the surface when you  pay closer attention. A great beginning to what could be a great career.
B000002HPV|5.0|I bought this CD without having heard any of its songs before.  I just wanted to try something new, something different.  And I was delightfully surprised.  This album mixes so many different styles of music, classical  in the background with pop and an amazing voice.  The feeling with which  Bjork sings, you almost don't need the lyrics, you can hear her story and  raw emotions just with the beautiful sounds of her voice.  If you want to  try something new, you won't be disappointed!
B000002LR3|5.0|This album has to be one of the best and most important records in dance culture.  It's right up there with New Order's Technique, Orbital's Brown album, Prodigy's Jilted Generation and Underworld's Dubnobasswithmyheadman.   An absolute classic! Yes, it isn't all dance music, but the other tracks  are still excellent. Some traces maybe of the Rolling Stones here and  there, especially on Moving on Up. If you like chilled out dance music like  the Orb you'll love this...
0440234743|5.0|This one of the best books I've ever read.  It's like you're right there in in the book, seeing everthing.
0140367128|5.0|This was the best classic I ever read. It is SO much better than the movie. There were lots of boring parts. I was rushing through the book but when it was over I wanted to read it again.<br />-reader, age 8
0812550706|5.0|I really don't like science ficiton books on the whole.  In fact, I dislike the entire science fiction genre, but Ender's Game is a diamond in the rough, boring, sad world of sci-fi.  Card has an amazing way of writing  science fiction books that center around the characters rather than the  techology--something all sci-fi writers should learn from and use.  Ender's  Game doesn't focus on spaceships, computers, or robots; it focus's on  Ender, a young boy faced with impossible choices and devastating  situations, as well as wonderful experiences.  Ender's Game is sure to  touch the heart of any reader, no matter what age, and remind us all of  what is and isn't important in life. Also--if you like Ender's Game, read  Ender's Shadow (the story of Bean).
B00004SCX6|3.0|well......I went and bought this one because my daughters loved the debut album so much and we still listen to the original album and dance around the living room......not a good mental picture, I know.  I got  this one  hoping that it was a repeat of the last,but all the dance songs sound  nearly identical and the others are just plain bad.  I'm not saying that  Ms. Spears has no talent, she is a good performer, but she needs better  material or something.  Maybe she rushed too soon to put out another album.   The only good tunes ,in my opinion ,are the title track and WHAT YOU SEE  IS WHAT YOU GET, which is very similar in tempo.  There is way too much  dubbed talking and abrupt tempo changes which make the listening hard to  take.....it doesn't flow well or something.  I dislike the STONES, but her  version of SATISFACTION is worse than the original.  The songs seem to be  &quot;made for video&quot; and will probably be great as such....but the  album on whole just doesn't measure up to the first.  I wish I had waited  for the single.  I'll give it 3 stars for the effort of an 18 year old  giving it her best.
B000023X9W|5.0|Neil Young is totally self expressed. I am moved by his ability to share himself as a human being and an artist through the production and performance of his music.<br />Neil Young would not sound good if he performed  songs of other artists and other artists would not sound good performing  his songs. He IS the distinction &quot;generating&quot; music.<br />He has  done it again with Silver and Gold.  This album captures the essence of his  earlier songs / moods like &quot;after the gold rush,&quot; &quot;comes a  time,&quot; &quot;powderfinger,&quot; etcetera.  <br />These are experiences I  share with my daughters Erika (7) and Julia (4). I am hopeful they get from  me, what I get from Neil Young, and that they will &quot;get&quot; Neil too  (if they got that, and I know they got it, then life would become a little  less empty and meaningless).<br />Neil Young has the ability to touch the  souls of human beings. I silently weep with joy when in my mind I hear the  combination of his acoustical guitar, harmonica, voice and what he has to  say.<br />Plus his ability to collaborate with other artists makes him a  living legend. He is not stingy.<br />I love you, man!
B000001EAQ|5.0|This is the only U2 record that I think manages to match Achtung Baby.  The most phenominal thing about the record is the consistency of theme; Pop is, if nothing else, a crisis of faith, in religion, materialism, drugs,  love.. whatever.  I think this record flows better and feels more complete  than anything U2 have ever done, and the album's finale - Bono screaming at  Jesus to come back and save him - is heartbreaking.  It might take a few  listens, but I really think this album stands among their best.
6303201954|4.0|If you're going to watch Star Trek: The Motion Picture, make sure it's the expanded 143 minute, widescreen version.  It's much better than the version shown in theatres.  This movie has fine special effects and a fairly  intersting plot.  I will agree the principal actors are stiff at times, and  perhaps the producers should have added a bit more humor and action.  I  think you have to be a Star Trek fan to really enjoy this; otherwise too  much of the characters and storyline are blurry.  Still, Star Trek: The  Motion Picture isn't as bad as many people make it out to be, especially  the longer, widescreen version.
B00003CWL5|5.0|I thought that American Beauty was the best movie that I have seen in my lifetime. It kind of turns a mirror on the American people and in some ways it's quite ironic. It is hilariously funny at parts and it caught my  interest from start to finish. It is selling for a lot of money, and have  you ever wondered why? I would like the people who don't like it to give me  an e-mail and tell me why. Maybe it's because they are too scared to look  at themselves.
0684872153|5.0|Angela's Ashes is one of the greatest books I've ever read. It amazed me at what young Frank McCourt had to go through and put up with when he was a child. He managed to stay strong through not eating, or getting new clothes  thanks to his father who drank away the family's money that they  desperately needed. He discussed his Catholic religion and how strict it  was. Also, through his childhood he desperately looked for jobs so his  family wouldn't go hungry or without clothing. After his father left for  England he had to keep the family together. He looked for any work possible  and gave money to his mother to support him and his two brothers. The  message of the book is even though you might lose brothers and sisters,  live through poverty and not have enough money to put clothing on your  back, you can make it, and he really proved it.
0066620694|5.0|This is possibly the best book on the impact of technology in business that I have read.   The fact that this book has been extremely well researched makes it extremely credible.   Couple that with an extremely  comfortable writing style and persuasive arguement and you have a book that  will not let you sleep until you are finished.<br />Most books on the subject  are based on anecdotal evidence.   This work is based on substantive  research.   <br />This work provides a very persuasive reasoning as to why  businesses struggle with certain technological changes.<br />I definitely  recommend this book.
630382790X|5.0|Now this is a good film. it describes perfectly the terror of a struggle for live millions of miles away from home. And in the same way it tells about the stress the Houston Mission Control has to go through while  bringing back the lost astronauts. The book was bad, but this film is a  really great purchase to do.
1573228214|4.0|I can really identify with this guy.  And they say women are the &quot;relationship&quot; freaks.  Here's a guy who shows single males have a reflective side.  This book is absorbing.  It is really the British  equivalent of an American single-male funny novel,  that people in  California are reading a lot: &quot;Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf&quot; by  Asher Brauner.
B000002GJS|5.0|This Canadian Rocker knows how to write and record songs. With Mega-hit producer, R.J. &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange (AC/DC, Def Leppard, Heart and now producer/husband of Shania Twain), they wrote (Everything I Do) I Do It For  You (from Kevin Costner's Robin Hood movie). So what you say? Well, the  rest of this album is great, too.<br />Bryan and the boys seemed like they had  a lotta fun on this one. The songs Is Your Mama Gonna Miss Ya? Hey  Honey-I'm Packin' You In! House Arrest, If You Wanna Leave Me (Can I Come  Too?) and Don't Drop That Bomb On Me are super fun rock'n'roll. Obligatory  ballads, Vanishing and Do I Have To Say the Words are there and you can  &quot;rok-owt&quot; with Touch the Hand.<br />This album is the best Bryan  Adams next to his Cuts Like A Knife (his best release) and is on par with  his greatest hits release, So Far So Good. There is not a bad track on the  whole dang thing!
B00004T9UF|1.0|The most amazing &quot;Rap&quot; record I have seen so far. As you keep listening to the record from the beginning to the bitter end you will realize that this record is not for you to criticize(just like the public  service announcement 2000 says). This record is about expressing yourself  and not having to produce pleasant beats for the audience's ears. I was  amazed by the lyrics and how they were performed in all of the songs.  Marshall Mathers is thoughtful and humerous and it doesnt matter if he  pleases you or not with good beats, he will definitely give you enough  visual imagery for a few precious moments with his absolutely unique style  and rich lyrics.<br />All the songs have the best lyrics accompanied by the  best suited music, and the skits are funny as hell(especially the one in  which eminem is getting dissed!) Look for it if you dont already have the  CD. I would definitely recomend this CD for the THINKERS of this world, and  would urge them to see past the beats and see the soul of the record (if it  was beats eminem was after then why would he be against the &quot;poppy  sensations&quot;?)<br />I gave 1 star to the CD on purpose because the rating  doesnt matter, it is the record that does.
6305807086|1.0|This was an interesting concept, but I found it too complicated to follow.  I couldn't really figure why a pupeteer actually wanted to be John Malkovitch. I also did not find any of the charactrs particularly  sypmatheic. I couldn't figure out most of the plot, maybe I didn't watch it  longenough to fugure where it was going. It's probably a very good movie if  you like complicated plots. I didn't really like or understand it, so I  turned it off.
B000000WHX|5.0|--is it important to make a right step not falling down?   I'm going through being oblivious, &quot;Time and me,  the place to think...talksabout make no sense..   Listening to &quot;Blue Lines....an  endless road to the abyss..no fear to do something unimportant...who knows  if there's another way of self-expression..m...sorry...always got problems  with &quot;INFML&quot;..haha...thank you for your presence, for MA-music..
B000020617|5.0|I bought this CD off of a friend during a trip because I liked one of the radio-friendly tracks on it.  I had no idea that I would love each song by the end of the trip!  This is a truly great CD.  It begins with the  head-banging &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; which will get you moving then onto  the records best track, &quot;Breakout&quot;  This song is like having 8  double espressos at 7 in the morning.  A lot of the old Foo Fighters ideas  and styles are put into this CD and that only makes it better.  Buy this  CD.  It is worth every penny.
B000002L6P|5.0|Madonna is the best with this album!  If anyone likes someting with a good beat that doesn't cus like human nature, Material Girl's ya song.                    YOU'LL LOVE IT!
6301966562|5.0|This is an awesome, feel good movie!  I saw it when it originally came out and have been trying to find it somewhere for a couple of years now.  None of the video stores seem to have it!  Anyway...the whole idea of a computer  falling in love with a human...WOW!  The movie is played out very well, and  anyone with even a little bit of romance in them will love it!  The ending  (I WON'T give it away!) made me cry!  I love the cello music, too!  The  best part is when the computer is copying the music that the heroine is  playing on her cello...very pretty!  This is a very fun movie, too...I  can't wait until it is on the market at a reasonable price!  Check it out,  you will love it, too!
0553108034|5.0|Martin's &quot;Song of Fire and Ice&quot; can't even begin to compare with the other fantasy currently on market.  An epic struggle woven with humanity.  There is none of the Robert Jordan type hero who has omnipotent  powers in this series.  Nor does Martin scratch the surface of the  characters, as with any good book you began to hate or love each of them.   The writing is great, the battles are brilliant, and plot is twist-ridden.   I just wish Martin would finish the third installment faster...
B000001EGA|5.0|i litterally know everything about elton john and bernie taupin.  i say this not to brag, but to save time writing an essay about them and this album.  suffice to say, for those very few reviewers who didnt like this  album, you need to grow up.  elton and bernie are the greatest of all time,  and 'captain fantastic and the brown dirt cowboy' is the greatest album of  all time.  to that one reviewer that said 'someone saved my life tonight'  shouldnt be on this album, you obviously know nothing about their history.   beside being my favorite song since the day it came out (when i was only  8), it is the one song that probably chronicles the most important part of  their lives.  i consider it the greatest song ever made.  that one reviewer  was dead on when he wrote that todays kids have absolutely the lowest  musical standards.  think about how cool we were listening to this album,  and think about how todays music has hipmotized kids into think it is  genius.  elton john has more talent than every band of today, put together.   and to that other reviewer who said the album was boring, boring,  boring... your stupid, stupid stupid.  elton john and this album is a major  reason why i'll always consider 1975 to be the greatest year of all time.   i know, pretty sad that i peaked 25 years ago.
0316777722|5.0|I loved it!  It was impossible to put down. I laughed until I cried.
B000002BQK|5.0|Right now I am listening to Rainbow and compared with Butterfly it bites (w/ the exeption of Heartbraker). Unlike other CD's where there is only a few good songs and a couple bland songs to bulk up the CD, BUTTERFLY IS  PURE GOLD.  I absolutly love this CD and if you can only have one Mariah CD  buy THIS ONE.  This CD is almost TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE.  No other CD even  comes close to this one.  If you aren't a Mariah fan this CD will make you  one.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is argueably one of the best albums of the 20th century. It has a mix of African, Spanish and modern pop music. The most famous track, of course, is Smooth, but this album is much more than just that one song. There are  so many great songs. If you are a Santana collector, or enjoy music in  general, this is for you!
B00004SCX6|2.0|Well I was hoping that maybe just maybe Oops would have the element that was lacking in Britney's first album Baby One More Time.  I was wrong.  A good effort i will admit.  And what would make people want to buy the album  was her first single Oops I did it again.  It was up tempo and had  everything you could want for a pure pop song.  And it honestly made you  believe that this new album was worth a try.  The only true ballad on the  album is Don't let Me Be The Last To Know. Though it is written by Mutt  Lang and Shania Twain it just wasn't ment for Britney to sing it.   Britney's success comes from the up tempo beats and even here this is  sorely lacking. Track number 2 &quot;Stronger&quot; seems to be the sequel  to Baby One More Time. It just doesn't work And it's just not that up  tempo.  The only other song that I honestly gave much attention to was  Number 7 &quot;Lucky&quot; I have to give her credit that if she decides to  release that song she should have another number one on her hands if the  publicity and the video is handled right.  It definetly screams Britney  Spears.  But the overall effort Not worth it I should have waited for the  single for Oops because i'm still saying to myself Oops why did i fall for  it one more time?
B0000024PC|5.0|If you're looking for a good collection of Simon &amp; Garfunkel tunes, you probably want to pass this by. Although there are a few S&amp;G favorites here like The Sound of Silence, April Come She Will and  Scarborough Fair, most of the other S&amp;G songs are special film versions  that don't always work on their own. They were marvelous in the context of  the film however, and if you enjoyed the movie, you will enjoy them on this  disc. The other half of the soundtrack employs a delightful lounge-type  orchestral score by jazz musician and composer Dave Grusin. These  instrumental tracks, consisting of fox trots, cha cha's and the like,  when  used in the film, represent the world of the adults while the S&amp;G tunes  represent the fears, frustrations and concerns of the younger generation.  However, the Grusin tracks do work well on their own. They are bouncy,  infectious and a lot of fun. The sequencing of the tracks on the album  works really well and makes for a truly memorable listening experience. The  sound quality is suprisingly good for a disc that hasn't been remastered in  over a decade.
0553278223|4.0|I started this book with high expectations and perhaps that's part of the reason that I didn't find it as enjoyable or profound as I had hoped.  Bradbury paints the future of Earth and humankind as bleak.  For example,  every human in it seems to have a Redneck persona.  The few that don't are  examples of genius gone mad.  The Martians aren't presented as being any  more sophisticated.  The only real difference between them and Earth people  is that they have telepathic powers.  I realize that I'm reading this book  50+ years after the first publication, and perhaps Bradbury really had this  pessimistic outlook on mankind, but it's hard to believe, as Bradbury wants  us to do, that a people could achieve travel to Mars if everyone in that  world acted like they're out of a poorly scripted Western.  For example,  one would assume that the first ships to Mars would have only the brightest  and best trained astronauts on board, but those ships are manned by  astronauts that act like a bunch of squabbling kids at camp with guns  added.  In short, lots of major points in this book just don't make  sense.<br />The book is extremely sexist.  Nearly every single male (Earthling  or Martian) is either stupid, gullible, easy to anger or ready to kill.   With only one exception (the old man in The Martian) the only ones that  show any compassion are crazed lunatics (also doing killing).  All of the  Women are presented as docile, subservient and nonviolent (lets get real).   Even<br />assuming that Bradbury was writing the book as a warning as to what  the world may become and how we may ultimately destroy ourselves, a more  realistic range of personalities would have made the book more believable  and, therefore, more effective.<br />With that said, there are several stories  in the book that are very well done in their own right.  They were released  as short stories before inclusion into the book showing that they can stand  on their own.  Usher II is definitely the highlight of the book.  Another  is, There Will Come Soft Rains.<br />I gave the book three stars because, in  spite of my objections, I think the book is readable and does have an  important message.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This is my favourite Sarah CD. My favourites on this are Adia, Path of Thorns, I Will Remember You, and Possession. They are all more upbeat on this CD than on the others, and I like the live sound!
B00000J2KX|5.0|I'll make it short. This is the ONLY movie that made me have a nightmare  after watching it. EVER!
B00003CX5A|5.0|I am not narmally a fan of any horror movies, but this is definetly an exception. The storyline is not just a killer going mad either. There is a reason. I also thought the effects were AWESOME. The acting was good as  well. I highly recommend seeing it when you get a chance!
0780623134|3.0|Good movie.  However, I am disappointed with the liberal slant, unless it is typical practice in the USA for a murderer to go free after 50 years.  But, even if it is customary, the writers purposely attempted to make the  viewer feel sympathy for the murderer.  In addition, by design they made  the viewer feel hatred for the   prison system and for the people who run  it.
B00004T9UF|5.0|For any who bought Eminems first album, they know exactly how sick he can be.They also know how talented he is. He is definetly one of the best rappers out. We got &quot;rappers&quot; like Will Smith making millions and  it's good to see someone who can actually rap making money. <br />Alot of the  stuff on his album might be disturbing but you can't deny that he produces  good songs. ...  Kim and Stan are  probably the two most wacked out songs as far as what he's saying. But  that's the real slim shady.Oh yeah, by the way, don't be fooled by his new  song &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; his album is much darker than that  song, in a good way though.<br /> Shady wrote some of each song.In my opinion  the best song on the album is &quot;The Way I Am&quot; which is  written,produced,and mixed by Eminem.It's one of the less disturbing songs  and it's got a phat beat and well written lyrics. My only complaint is I  would have liked to see him do more producing since he shows in that song  he has the talent to do so.<br />People need to forget the overpublicized  lyrical content and recognize that he has the right to be a cocky rapper.  Some say somphmore albums got a curse on them but he proves that the whole  sophmore slump thing only applies to people without alot of talent. <br />THIS  ALBUM IS ACTUALLY BETTER THAN HIS ORIGNAL(that doesn't even seem possible,I  know) BUY IT IT'S WORTH EVERY CENT.
0792837614|5.0|This is a classic must see movie.  If you like musicals, then you should love this movie. The music and the dance and singing performances are great, as well as the story line. It is one of the best love stories of all  time.  West Side Story is not quite as good as The Sound of Music, but it  is still one of the best movies of all time.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This has been in my CD player since May 16. &quot;Oops&quot;, &quot;Satisfaction&quot; and &quot;Don't let me be the last to know&quot;...all killer! You'll be humming every song within a week. Way to  go!
0792151712|5.0|The best movie ever made.  James Cameron made a masterpiece out of a movie with a cast of relatively unknowns.  The story line is great - a love story in the middle of a historical tragedy.  The heart goes through alot when  you see this movie - much more than with any other.  These feelings stay  with you for many days after viewing it.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Tim Burton did a fantastic version of Sleepy Hollow. The dreary and dark landscapes, odd characters, and the special effects were classic Tim Burton. The decapitation scenes were at times grusome. The true star of the  movie was the Headless Horsemen and his horse. I enjoyed the segment on the  DVD how the movie was developed and the special effects used in the movie.  I would recommend this movie.
0783235607|5.0|I must admit that I was first afraid to watch this movie because I hate gross, violent, horror movies.  But I am very happy that I finally did see it, despite all my nightmares (j/k).  Psycho is not gross, overly violent  and is not really a horror movie, as the likes of Holloween, Aliens, or  Poltergeist.  It does, however, have edge of your seat suspense, and a few  jumping out of your seat &quot;oh my God!&quot;  How is this possible?   Alfred Hitchcock - must I say more?
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolia was a very interesting movie. I went too see because of the collection of excellent actors involved. The movie revolved around a handful of people in southern California. Earl Partridge (Jason Robards) is  a TV mogul dying of cancer and is cared by his faithful nurse (Philip  Seymour Hoffman); Julianne Moore is Earl's wife who in turn is guilt-ridden  because she loved him for his fame and money. Earl's nurse tries to get in  touch with his only son Frank (Tom Cruise) a slimy sex guru who gives  advice on how to use women. The game show whiz kid Stanley (Jeremy  Blackman) loathes being the cashcow for his demanding father and the former  game show whiz kid Donnie (William Macy) has become a social outcast who  lives off his name. The host of the game show Jimmy Gator (Philip Baker  Hall) is dying of cancer and wants to mend the failed relationship with his  coke-addicted daughter (Melora Walters). She, in the meantime has a  relationship with the slow-witted police officer (John Reilley).   I though  Paul Thomas Anderson did a fantastic job juggling characters and making me  think how they're lives are linked through consequence. I though Tom Cruise  and Paul Thomas Anderson deserved an Oscar. I found the acting incredibly  strong and convincing. Unfortunately half of the people in the theatre  did'nt share my opinion and walked out during the movie. The movie clocks  over 3 hours and you need an open mind to enjoy the movie. I would strongly  recommend this movie.
6305426651|4.0|An excellent movie.  There is never a dull moment.  It stirs up emotions of happiness and sadness.  A delightful movie worth watching at least once.
6302878756|5.0|This is a wonderful action movie. I saw it several times in the theater, then rented it several times before I finally bought it. Plus with Stallone and Russell you can't go wrong. It has a lot of twists and turns and an  explosive ending! A must see movie!
B00001W0FA|5.0|A classic that should be watched every Christmas.  Great story and an incredible performance by arguably the best actor ever, James Steward.
B00000K3UR|5.0|This is not like other Adam Sandler films. This story has a real heart to it. Sandler is great playing Sonny, a child in a man's body who takes over care of a young child and learns the need for responsability and patience.  There are a few of the typical Sandler sophomoric gags, such as the whole  premise of his character's interaction with a foreign delivery guy, but I  think people who are not normally big on Adam's movies will find some  endearing traits to this flick.
6302800420|5.0|There is alot to like about this movie.  It is very entertaining, the story line is great, it is very funny and the acting is very good.  It is fun to watch over and over again.
B00000IL1K|4.0|Sarah Brightman doesn't have a powerful voice.  No matter.  Her tone is as pure as snow.  Listening to her is like hearing the voice of fairies.<br />I love classical music.  This isn't classical.  I love popular and New Age  music.  This isn't either.  What Sarah's music is, is her own.  Her style  doesn't fit into any one category, much to the dismay of those who require  absolutes in their music styles.<br />Sarah's CDs are very popular in my  office.  Eden is our favorite.  Her pure tones take us out of the ordinary  work routine and makes things seem special.  This is a very special CD from  a truly special artist.
B00003CX59|5.0|This movie was incredible. It had it all, romance, drama, mystery,  an awesome music score, intensity, adacity and most of all an intriguing story and point. The acting was excellent. The character's were very well  portrayed.  Johnny Depp was the only person of who I could think of  naturally to play the part of Ichabod Crane. I think that Washington Irving  had him in mind, when he wrote the story. Christina Ricci was more  beautiful than I've seen her. Ray Park a.k.a. Darth Maul from Star  Wars-Episode 1 The Phantom Menace, was a very convincing headless horseman.  And, the fight scenes were addicting. As his coreography always is. The  decapitations were awesome. My favorite one is where he decapitates a  victim and his head spins around on his neck as it's severed. And, falls  and rolls on the ground, right into an unsuspecting Ichabod Crane's lap.  And, what I loved most about this movie was it was unpredictable. Unlike  most horror films. It gave me the feeling, of not knowing what was going to  happen. Danny Elfman wrote a haunting music score. And, it makes your  adrenaline rush.  And, your heart beat even faster.  Tim Burton was  delightful as the director of this film. And he always is. With an  unstoppable imagination. I recommend this movie to the non-squeamish.  Unless, you like an occasional decapatation or two. So, sit back. Relax, if  you can. And, listen. You never know what lurks in the darkness of the  shadows. Because, HEADS WILL ROLL!
B0000042MY|4.0|This is one of my favorite movies, and I really hoped the soundtrack would stand alone.  It does, but seems as though they left a lot out to fit on the CD.  What's here is lovely, giving both a Celtic feel and drawing you  into a sense of how colonial New York was during the French and Indian War.  But I can only give it 4 stars, instead of 5, because some really great  music in the movie is missing here.<br />Clannad's &quot;I Will Find You&quot;  is one of the highlights, and worth the cost of the CD just to have it.  This is excellent music, well worth having in your soundtrack collection.
B00003CX59|5.0|This movie was incredible. It had it all, romance, drama, mystery,  an awesome music score, intensity, adacity and most of all an intriguing story and point. The acting was excellent. The character's were very well  portrayed.  Johnny Depp was the only person of who I could think of  naturally to play the part of Ichabod Crane. I think that Washington Irving  had him in mind, when he wrote the story. Christina Ricci was more  beautiful than I've seen her. Ray Park a.k.a. Darth Maul from Star  Wars-Episode 1 The Phantom Menace, was a very convincing headless horseman.  And, the fight scenes were addicting. As his coreography always is. The  decapitations were awesome. My favorite one is where he decapitates a  victim and his head spins around on his neck as it's severed. And, falls  and rolls on the ground, right into an unsuspecting Ichabod Crane's lap.  And, what I loved most about this movie was it was unpredictable. It gave  me the feeling, of not knowing what was going to happen. Danny Elfman wrote  a haunting music score. And, it makes your adrenaline rush  And, your heart  beat even faster.  Tim Burton was delightful as directorof this film. And  he always is. With an unstoppable imagination. I recommend this movie to  the non-squeamish. Unless, you like an occasional decapatation or two. So,  sit back. Relax, if you can. And, listen. You never know what lurks in the  darkness of the shadows. Because, HEADS WILL ROLL!
B000002O7C|5.0|I have only one complaint about this CD:  it's way too short.  While all the tracks accurately portray the moods in the movie, so much more could have been added.<br />That little item notwithstanding, buy this CD just to  hear the first track.  Like other reviewers, I simply can't get enough of  that Russian choir, especially the men.  Basil Poledouris is a  multi-talented composer, able to use just about any language, but he really  reached into the soul of Russian choral music with this piece.<br />I have two  copies:  one for home and one for the car.  You may well find yourself  doing the same thing.
B00003BDXG|5.0|the cuted seen of the court room is one of the most powerfull seens i have ever seen, and belive me i've seen a lot of movies in my life. the only movie i have ever eulised this one is  kubric's orange, i think that oliver  stone did a superrb job with this tarenttion script and i can't really  understand why was he angree aboute! i hope that in the future, both of  them cuopporate again to make some more psychdallic movies like this  masterpiss! yours, mikinox1@yahoo.com, israel
B000002KIE|5.0|This album is still one of the truly great punk records out there simply because it is punk. It's not people like Blink-182 and Green Day trying to pass themselves off as punk. That's pop-rock. This is punk music. Angry  music that just gets you ready to go crush skulls.<br />As for the Pistols,  yeah, they couldn't play their instruments. It didn't matter. You don't  have to be able to play to make it so that someone can feel your music. The  Pistols made music that you could feel. That's the most important thing.
B00000J7J4|3.0|All the reviewers who wrote the positive reviews I read seem to be long time fans.  I'm not, which may explain why I didn't like this album very much.  I respect Santana as a guitar player, but the only song I liked was  Smooth. Even if you are a long time fan, you may not like the album right  away.  My aunt who likes Santana said she had to listen to the whole album  a few times before she liked it.  I don't care enough to force myself to do  that. If you have only heard Smooth or Maria, Maria on the radio and none  of Santana's other work, I would first listen to the samples or see if a  friend has it before buying it.
0783229887|4.0|My sister told me this movie sucked, but I watched the previews and I decided to see it, but I didn't expect much. I got better results than I though I would, as this movie is both funny, smart and disgusting. This has  all that &quot;Scream&quot; could want - so it is no  disappointment!<br />Jennifer Tilly does a great job as Tiffany, a  trailer-trash gothy who was once Charles Lee Ray )(better known as Chucky)  girlfriend. Now Tiff has resurrected Charlie through Chucky again, and now  the 2 are looking for a diamond to raise them both back to human  beings.<br />Lots of fun + lots of laughter = fun movie.
B000002JK2|5.0|Remember when pete and eddie vedder sang that song on dave letterman? well, it first appeared here: heart to hang onto (when eddie was still in school). Great music from when it mattered. Just pete and ronnie with  charlie from the stones and eric from everywhere.
0767819594|5.0|This is the best dark comedy I have ever seen. It also one of the best casting chosing I have ever seen as well. Sarah Michelle Gellar is startling, sexy and smart, Ryan Phillipe has never been better, Reese  Witherspoon is sensitive, sexy and strong while Selma Blair is great as the  silly Cecile.<br />This is much better than the original film  &quot;Dangerous  Liasons&quot; and if your looking for romance, a drama, lots of laughs and  a sexy cast - I totally and fully recommend Cruel Intentions.\
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album is way phat!Especially the song Stan,it is VERY emotional.I recommend this album to anyone who likes anykind of rap music!
B00004T0P1|5.0|I took my family to the movie the first night it came out. While my children loved the movie and especially the characters, I just sat back and was mesmorized by the score. The flowing melodies, the hard driving  action-based songs, and, more importantly, how  they fit the film were  spellbinding. If you're hesitant to buy this because this is a  &quot;childrens&quot; flick, don't be. This is by far one of the best  scores I've ever heard. (Also, if you get a chance, go see the movie. The  opening scene alone is well worth it. VERY stunning!).
B000002IQ9|5.0|I loved this Phil Collins CD! I loved all the songs and he sings them with the same sound as the original. You could get this and fall in love! I would love to have this on CD my cassette is wearing out!
0525457585|5.0|Michael Ende is my favorite writer. The MOMO was my first Ende book. It lead me somewhere I've wanted to go for a long time. The fantastic experience made me search some more Ende book. Cuz, I could go to the place I want thru Ende's stories. And This book. Never Ending Story. was there. I  just couldn't stop reading.  I'm just sad that Ende didn't write many  stories. I became his big fan.
1573921394|5.0|This book served as the bible for economist for the later part of the 20th century. To fully understand this one must have some marco-economic background. I recommend the reader to brush up on his/her mathematical  (Calculus and Linear Algebra) and Statistical skills as well before  confront this book.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Wow! for 'THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP'.Ive listened to a THE SLIM SHADY LP about a million times and its so fantastic that I thought theres no way Eminems new album could live up to the greatness of its predecessor but  take note...It has!At its most basic level,you can say Eminem has succeeded  by simply pushing the 'shock factor' of his previous album up and keeping  the same outrageous(and hilarious) style of rapping plastered all over 'THE  MARSHALL MATHERS LP'.A task in itself,no doubt.Yet,scratch under the  surface of this album and what becomes very clear is the rawness of thought  that Eminem is giving us.Numerous times on the album he makes reference to  how hes just spitting out ANY crazy idea that runs through his mind and  whether you like to admit it or not,ANYBODY is capable of concieving these  thoughts! A perfect example of this is the fantastic song 'CRIMINAL' where  he blatently tells us that all his material doesnt repersent what he would  like to do,or what he believes in...Slim Shady just lets loose with any  bizarre/sick/warped thing pops into his head! ... All the songs on this album are as blatent  as hell and all of 'em contain at least a hundred bad deeds that any self  respecting human would frown upon,which is probably what makes this album  so appealing...its not real life(and certainly never should be)but its a  guilty pleasure,revelling in the comical distaste of this album. There are  14 main,full lenght songs on the album and honestly all of them are  brilliant with the exception of the 4 songs where guest rappers appear!The  big problem is that the other rappers seem a bit boring when they're  superimposed upon the dynamic backround of Eminems fantastic style of  rapping.Having said that however,those 4 songs are certainly not bad...they  just pale in comparison to the other 10 gems on the album.Eminem tops the  shock factor with ease with songs like 'KILL YOU' in which he rapes his  mother and 'KIM',the prequel to '97 Bonnie and Clydewhere he kills his  daughters mother after finding her dating another man.A million other  startling concepts are dealt with in the other songs including attacks at  gays,pop stars and lining up school bullies to be shot dead!'DRUG BALLAD'  is probably the closest thing on the album to real life for Eminem and just  like 'ROCK BOTTOM' from his previous album,its absolutely brilliant!The  star song of the album however,is the star song by a long way!Its that  good!No,its not 'THE REAL SLIM SHADY'(though the current single IS  excellent)but the song that should definately be the NEXT single from the  album...a masterpiece;'STAN'.The song is gripping,funny,sad,intelligent and  powerful from start to finish.It also has a good chance of being the next  single given the minute amount of swearing and the potential to make a  great video out of it.A classic indeed! So...if your over 16 years old,dont  have too much of an impressionable mind and enjoy downright great lyrical  talent,this is definately the album for you.Eminem fans will love it and  even people who arent fans or even HATE rap should give it a shot! 'cos  just like his previous album,'THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP'is definately an  experience!
B00004T9UF|4.0|This album was good, but really not 5 star material. That's reserved for album's like &quot;Illmatic,&quot; &quot;Strictly Business,&quot; and &quot;Ready to Die.&quot; Slim Shady's new one is good, but not on that  level. People keep saying how great the song's &quot;Stan&quot; &amp;  &quot;Kim&quot; are. I agree that they are creative, but not very good. The  best track is without a doubt #15. That's one of the tightest songs I heard  in a while. The rest is alright, highlighted by &quot;Criminal,&quot;  &quot;Marshall Mathers,&quot; and &quot;I'm Back.&quot; Shady proves on  this album that he is one of the top lyricist in the rap game. If you don't  have this album, you should've bought it YESTERDAY. <br />I'm Music Master and  this is the truth.
0060922583|5.0|The Holographic Universe, by Michael Talbot<br /> Harper Perennial, 1992<br /><br />This book was recommended to me by a good friend who had read my book ('The Road to Damascus', iUniverse, 1999).  I am grateful to her.  It  is a book I would not have wanted to miss.<br /><br />I had just finished 'The  Elegant Universe,' by Brian Greene, which is a remarkable exposition of the  so-called 'superstring theory, ' as well as the best, most easily  understandable explanation of relativity and quantum theory that I have yet  read.  'The Holographic Universe,' however, is in a different category  altogether.<br /><br />Talbot's formal educational accomplishments, background or  qualifications are not given in the book, save to say that he is the author  of 'Mysticism and the New Physics' and 'Beyond the Quantum.'  He lives in  New York City.<br /><br />He does, however, inform us that he has a personal  background that includes psychical abilities (the ability to perceive  auras, and a history of causing poltergeist phenomenon as a  child.)<br /><br />His basic thesis is that the universe is a hologram, composed  of interference patterns, and, basically, that mind and 'matter' are  interactive, and that essentially, the human mind can and does exercise  some control over the material world, including causing and healing illness  and psychokinetic effects.<br /><br />He names several scientists and others who  are in agreement with him, and in fact does not claim to be the originator  of the theory.<br /><br />As I understand holography, and I freely admit that my  understanding is rudimentary, a holographic image of an object is created  by the use of a laser beam which is bounced off the original object and  then split (by mirrors) into a reference beam and an interference beam  which come together again to form an image on film composed of an  unintelligible pattern of interference waves (like concentric circles on a  pond caused by dropping two or more rocks in the water at different  locations.)  The film image remains unintelligible until another laser beam  is passed through it (any part of it) which forms a three-dimensional image  of the original object, in mid-air.<br /><br />Thus, it is difficult for me to  correlate that understanding into a theory of the composition of the  universe.  I can understand that the universe might be composed of  interference waves, but where is the original 'object'?<br /><br />Michael Talbot  speaks of an 'implicate order' and an 'explicate order.'  If I understand  him, and I think I do, he is substituting the term 'implicate order' for  the original, causative source of everything.  The explicate order is the  'reality' in which we are entrapped.<br /><br />In my book, I simply use the  word 'God' for essentially the same radical root of reality (the implicate  order.)  Perhaps our versions of reality are for all intents and purposes  the same, except for terminology.  I rather suspect that is  true.<br /><br />Talbot speaks of, and quotes, many sources.  The only one whom I  have personally met is Dr. Stanislav Grof, who spoke at a seminar I  attended once at Asilimar in central California.  He was impressive.  Talbot describes 'miracles,' including healing, therapeutic touching and a  variety of strange and unusual happenings which require a suspension of  disbelief, but which, if you can subscribe to his theory are explainable  within that framework.<br /><br />He gives, names, cites his sources, and  provides a subject index.  The book appears to be a scholarly work, on  which he has spent considerable time and effort.  Whether the universe is  technically a hologram, or not, will be debatable for some time to come, no  doubt, as the scientific proof seems as difficult to obtain as proof of  string theory.<br /><br />  Do I recommend his book?  By all means!  And then, or  even before you buy it, I recommend my own book to you.  Mine is only 124  pages, and it is, I think, far easier to understand.  And, we seem to be  saying much the same thing.<br /><br />Regardless, Talbot's book is well worth  reading, and will hold your attention, I'm sure.  I rate it at an easy five  stars.<br /><br />Joseph Pierre,<br /> Author of THE ROAD TO DAMASCUS: Our Journey  Through Eternity.easier to understand.  And, we seem to be  saying much the same thing.<br /><br />Regardless, Talbot's book is well worth  reading, and will hold your attention, I'm sure.  I rate it at an easy five  stars.<br /><br />Joseph Pierre, <BR> Author of THE ROAD TO DAMASCUS: Our Journey  Through Eternity.<br />
B00004T9UF|4.0|I was a bit skeptical of this followup, but when I popped it in I wasn't let down at all. He sure hasn't toned down, that's for sure. The only problem I got is all the lashing out on this album is a way more venomous  on this one than it was on Slim Shady. But anyways... the best cuts here  have gotta be Stan, Kim, Drug Ballad, and The Way I Am. Stan is definitely  the most haunting track I've heard, and Kim is hands down the most  chilling. Don't trust anyone who has a chuckle at either of them, and  that's all that's left to say.
0553277472|5.0|Author's note:<br /> &quot;What follows is based on actual occurrences.  Although much has been changed for rhetorical purposes, it must be regarded in its essence as fact.  However, it should in no way be associated with  that great body of factual information relating to orthodox Zen Buddhist  practice.  It's not very factual on motorcycles, either.&quot;<br /><br />When it  was first published, in 1974, this little book took the country by storm.  It introduced much of America to Zen Buddhism, in spite of the author's  disclaimer, above.<br /><br />Ostensibly, it is the story of a father and son  crossing the continent on a motorcycle, but of course it is far more than  that.  It is essentially a journal of a journey of  self-discovery.<br /><br />Here is a sample: &quot;Reality is always the moment  of vision before the intellectualization takes place.  There is no other  reality.  This preintellectual reality is what Phaedrus felt he had  properly identified as Quality.  Since all intellectually identifiable  things must emerge from this preintellectual reality.  Quality is the  parent, the source of all subjects and objects.&quot;<br /><br />There is much  discussion of the importance of Quality.<br /><br />This book has changed the way  many people thought and felt about their lives.  It has also led many into  the practice of Zen Buddhism.  You may like it.<br /><br />Joseph Pierre,<br />  Author of THE ROAD TO DAMASCUS: Our Journey Through Eternity
B000002BFL|1.0|Bruce Springsteen is a rock icon because of thoughtful lyrics set to a rock sound. He did not begin to gain wide spread notice and sustained success until he departed from the folk style of his first two albums and  released a rock album, which was both a commerical and critical  hit.<br />Springsteen likes this type of Dylanese folk whatever style of music  and is rich enough to spend the time and money to make and release these  type of albums.<br />If you like listening to Springsteen play and sing by  himself, you will love this CD. However, if you listen to Springsteen for  rock do not waste your money (or your time) on this CD; rather, you might  wait for the current tour with the E Street Band to end and hope for a live  album. I do.
B00003Q43A|4.0|I don't why people hate this movie so much.  Yes, the movie is not very well written, and the acting is just terrible (I can't believe Will Smith got an acting career from this) but it is harmless fun.  It's an action  blockbuster in its purest form.  MOVIES ARE MEANT TO ENTERTAIN, that  doesn't mean they have to have deeply written scripts like &quot;Blade  Runner&quot;, or &quot;2001&quot; (is that a rule or something, I don't  think so) they just have to entertain, and that's what this movie does,  with flying colors.<br />Movies help us escape reality, that's why it's not  very realistic.  So it's reccomended, if you want a mindless, but fun  thrill ride.<br />The 2 Disc DVD is worth the price alone, soooo many  features.
B000021Y74|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out in L.A.  I remember driving to work everyday and seeing a line of people wrapped around the one screen theater waiting to see Run Lola Run.  Being a curious person I went to see  the movie and was blown away.  The movie is a truly spellbinding flick,  well worth seeing and owning.  If you haven't seen this movie and are tired  of the same old hollywood blockbuster, bubble-gum-factory produced movies,  check this one out.  It's fast paced, fun and well worth every cent!
B00004R99J|4.0|Every animated Disney movie takes a stong moral theme and bangs it into with a hammer.  In this movie there are a few themes for kids to grow up on.  Racism is bad.  That's a major one, it's hard not to see that in this  movie.  Other themes include overcomming obsticles and &quot;cant we all  just live toghether in peace!&quot;  The animation is good, but the music  is hardly memerable and even though the story is good, it is GROSLY  different from the true story (changed to make it rated G)<br />Bottom line,  if you collect disney animation or you have kids, this belongs in your  library.  But it's not a movie young boys (or older) will enjoy too much.
B00004T9UF|3.0|Eminem is a brilliant lyricist. No doubt for those who heard him on the wonderful Soundbombing 2. However, this album continues the path he set on the song &quot;Dead Wrong&quot; with obsessive lyrics. It's rather  fascinating to examine the twisted mind of a downtrodden figure but often  at the expense of its profundity. For example, the skit Ken Kaniff is  supposedly a wonderful satire but I think that it was too disgusting to  mention. Eninem should try to become a little more mature in his subject  matter but he ought to retain his wonderful talents. Of course, the  pictures in this album are just better than the first album. The production  is okay but I think that instrumentation of the sampling is much better  than the first and I really think he deserves lots of props for his unique  voice in hip-hop.
0060920386|5.0|Finally got around to reading this book and I must say that it is FASCINATING! <br />What was most interesting to me was the lack of intelligence and abilities of those running RJR Nabisco and all their  high-paid Wall Street help. If these are the kind of people who  &quot;run&quot; our economy, we're in BIG trouble.<br />An excellent story...   even 10 years later.
B00000IQMT|4.0|This soundtrack is quite solid like most of the other John Williams soundtracks. However, I thought that soundtrack was a little bit on the short side. Despite its truncated length, I strongly believe that it  deserves consideration as the strongest soundtrack since the Empire Strikes  Back. The motifs are all tied neatly in Wagnerian fashion and each  character is delicately painted. However, I do miss a little of that jazzy  influence mentioned in the Cantina scene but I believe that this soundtrack  is quite spiritual as well.<br />I believe that the second movie will be  better and so will its soundtrack. The strongest tracks on this album are  the Flag Parade and the choral pieces which are substantially more than any  of the previous ones. The London Symphony Orchestra is quite brilliant and  colorful as always for each of the soundtracks.<br />By the way, I loved the  soundtrack better than the movie because it is so impressionistic and  descriptive...
B000002U9W|5.0|Sorry if I misquoted the reviewer below, but how can anyone put down early Pink Floyd like that?  The Wall and all of the following albums simply lacked the creativity of the older years. Even Dark Side of the Moon is  getting less interesting (The only time I still listen to it is with Wizard  of Oz). To insult early Floyd as the reviewer below did is completely  ridiculous. Atom Heart Mother is a wonderful example of the CREATIVE AND  AMAZING WORKS OF EARLY POST-DRUG(Syd Barrett) PINK FLOYD. The title track  is an epic triumphant piece, fusing classical music and vintage Floyd to  create an unforgettable song. The slide guitar in &quot;If&quot; is  memorable, as well as the lyrics. &quot;Summer '68&quot; is all around  excellent, especially the brass section, &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; is a  wonderful lazy song with an excellent guitar solo, and &quot;Alan's  Psychedelic Breakfast&quot;, although many consider it to be a novelty  track, includes some very fine melodies, some extremely similar to their  later works (Meddle, etc.). So it is on that note that I spit in the face  of the reviewer below. Sell your copy of The Wall, buy Atom Heart Mother,  and listen to it with pride.
B00003CX5A|4.0|&quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is a mildly chilling, elegant movie.  Visually lavish, it's costumes and sweeping cinematography will exhilarate.  While all the guts and gore seems a tad forced at times (we just have to see the  decapitated bodies, don't we?), it just adds to all the fun.  Christina  Ricci's character, though, is overly subdued; we get the nagging feeling  that she should be in this scene or that scene, because she would add so  much to its atmosphere.  Well, overall, it's been a while since an elegant,  mildly scary movie came out, so please-- watch this movie.  It's not  top-notch cinema, but it is a great film, and the leading actors do a great  job.
B000002GVO|5.0|If you wish too understand music, from the 70's or whatever, you must listen to this disk. It will inform you as to what is done today. An absolute must for anybody that cares about &quot;ROCK&quot;!Dale Kenneth  Miller
0316286850|5.0|This make-up book is simply magnificent! Mr. Aucoin is a master when it comes to seeing people's true beauty* His faces are beautiful pieces of art that should be treasured! Mr. Aucoin bestows the secrets of his talents  onto everybody in the world by publishing this great guide* With full face  drawings and detailed instructions, this book is the most sumptuous make-up  guide ever!
B00004TXR2|5.0|Binaural is an awesome album. I don't have the import but I want to know what the two extra tracks are.
B00000J2KX|5.0|This is one of the only Stephen King films I really like.  I love his novels, but most of the films are just...I don't know.  The bottom line is that I don't like them.  But, I like this.  Who can forget it?  There are  so many memorable scenes that freak you out just thinking about them...The  murdered children, the woman in the bathtub, the elevators full of blood,  and (of course) the incredible chase scene with Shelly Duvall, Jack  Nicholsen, and his ax.  There is some cheesy acting, but in this case, it  doesn't really matter...this is a pure classic!
B00000G6KG|5.0|This is the finest Slayer album ever, and perhaps the finest speed metal album ever.  It is amazing how many people consider this album to be one of the best speed metal albums of all time, or the definitve album of their  lives no less.  If you enjoy metal, pick this one up today.
6305718954|4.0|Wow.  I was literally speechless after watching this film.  It was kind of like a mix between &quot;The Exorcist&quot; and some MTV flick...I guess it would best be described as a stylish thriller.  Anyway, it is a great film.   Patricia Arquette is so incredibly creepy when she is possessed by that  priest guy.  The whole film has an eerie feeling to it, and it doesn't let  up until the film is over.  I'd also like to add that there are some pretty  gross scenes when Frankie (Arquette) gets the wounds of Christ...You've  been warned.
B00003CX5A|5.0|I'm writing from Turkey and I want to learn Turkish subtitle for DVD.
6301562925|4.0|Halloween 5 is another good sequel in the series.  It is better than Halloween 4, because it isn't as boring.  And it is much better than Halloween 6, since the Thorn stuff is just being introduced. It still  doesn't add up to the original, but is one of the best sequels in the  series.  There are some good scary scenes and some great death scenes.  It  follows the storyline with Danielle Harris' character and her evil  uncle...Pretty good, pretty good.
B00004T9UF|5.0|If you liked his first, You'll love this one. Beats are tigth, Lyrics are fresh and new. Still not for the easily offened.  Five Stars +
B00003CX5A|5.0|Is there anyone out there who has NEVER heard the story of Ichabod Crane and his fateful ride in the woods?  I remember watching the Disney version when I was younger, and I was so very excited when I heard that a remake  was in the works.  To top it off, legend Tim Burton was going to direct it!   I had high hopes when I first saw this film, and let me tell you, I was  not disappointed in the least.  The scenery and costumes are magnificent.   The creepy surroundings are so stylish they are almost beautiful.  The  headless horseman is merciless, and kills anyone who steps in his way.   But, this is not the regular story as you may have heard it. There are a  few new spins added into the story and, as I'm sure you've guessed, there  is much more violence and gore in this version compared to the dinky Disney  version.  In fact, the heads don't stop rolling until the credits appear at  the end of the film.  So, parents, be warned.  This is not the Disney  version remade.  This is a version that will even scare the adults...
0385484518|5.0|I loved this book!  Easy to read, beautifully written, inspiring, meaningful lessons about living your life to the fullest! It is certainly not about death, but about the importance of living, the importance of NOW!  It is not over analytical, but rather poetically, through the story, takes  you to the heart of the matter, to the heart of Morrie, and into your own  heart. It is a Must Read Book!I also must thank one of the customers who  reviewed &quot;Tuesdays&quot; for recommending another book which I also  Love. By Ariel and Shya Kane, the book is &quot;WORKING ON YOURSELF DOESN'T  WORK&quot;. It along with Tuesdays, is one of the most moving and inspiring  books I have ever read!  It is simple but poetic, and through story and  metaphor, as well as describing some principles for how to live in the  present, and by teaching how to let go of the past and the future. It is  simply, the BEST book about becoming Happy, truly happy, becoming  self-realized; Again the essence in Common with Tuesdays with Morrie, is  learning the value of the present moment, and learning how to discover your  Truth and your heart, in all matters in your life. &quot;WORKING ON  YOURSELF DOESN'T WORK&quot; is simple, short, but to the point. It is an  updated version of The Easy Man's Guide to Enlightenment... It is a book  that I treasure, and it is also a MUST READ book for anyone who is truly  looking for Well-Being and Happiness.
6305546789|5.0|Is there a horror fan out there that does not like this film?  I really cannot understand how anyone could not like this film.  &quot;Halloween&quot; is one of the earliest (and best) slasher films ever!  A young babysitter and her friends are terrorized by an emotionless killer  who (years earlier) murdered his sister on Halloween night.  This film has  been copied many times, but no other wannabe adds up to the originality or  creativity displayed in this film.
B000001EAQ|5.0|This album is by many very underrated and I find this attitude stunning. It is definately on a par with Achtung Baby in greatness, although it is totally different. Buy it now. Don't just listen through it once - let it  grow into you. Mofo is simply excellent. Staring at the sun is haunting.  Please and If you wear that velvet dress are great examples of the late  1990's atmospheric U2 sound. Discotheque is also amazing.
B00003CWL5|5.0|First I'd like to say that this movie is nothing like anything I've ever seen before.  Maybe that is what sets it above all the rest.  It could be the excellent acting, it could be the complex storyline, and it could be  the wonderful direction.  I can't decide.  I will warn you that if you do  not watch it with an open mind, you will hate it.  It is basically about a  family man who falls for one of his daughter's beautiful friends, which  eventually leads to his mid-life crisis, and ultimately his death.  I feel  comfortable telling you he dies because in the first ten minutes of the  film he tells you that he is going to (he is the narrator the entire time).   Needless to say, this film deserved every Oscar nomination it received...
6305531374|4.0|This movie has good and bad points to it.  First, the bad points.  It is just a little too much like &quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, which are good movies, but after a while, get old.   The only other complaint I have is the running time.  It is way too short  for my liking.  Now, the good aspects of the film.  It is great to see  Jaime Lee Curtis again!  Jodi Lynn O'Keefe's chase scene is great.  I also  really liked the gate scene (with Michael swinging that big knife through  the bars).  The acting is good and the actors are well-cast.  And, lastly,  I'm glad the writers dropped the whole Thorn sub-plot because I really  thought it was stupid.  (You have to see Halloween 5 &amp; 6 to see what I  mean).  Anyway, this is a pretty good film.  Not, the worst film in the  series, best not the best either.
B00003CX6P|5.0|This is one of the best psychological thrillers I have ever seen.  The scenery is so picturesque and beautiful it is hard to pull your eyes away from it.  The acting is wonderful.  Jude Law and Gweneth Paltrow show off  their incredible acting abilities here and really make their characters  believable.  But, the best performance is that of Matt Damon, who plays the  role of Tom Ripley with such elegance and skill you feel like you are right  there with him; going through everything he goes through.  The plot is  complex and keeps you interested until the very end.  The suspense is  well-crafted and, in many scenes, leaves you breathless.  The murders are  few and far inbetween, but memorable because of their extremely graphic  nature.  They leave you uneasy until the next occurs.  Top-notch acting,  superb direction, and a very complex plot make &quot;The Talented Mr.  Ripley&quot; one of the best films of the year.  The only downside to the  film is its extended length, which drags on after a while.  But, it is  understandable considering all of the plot points that need to be  introduced to make the film complete...
6305137293|4.0|This is the first &quot;Halloween&quot; film I ever saw.  It was on TBS or some other channel on cable tv around Halloween.  I was probably eight years old.  I was terrified.  I remember I had to cover my eyes when the  shape chased Jaime Lee Curtis through the hospital.  Anyway, I saw it again  more recently and the film held up remarkably well.  It starts off right  where &quot;Halloween&quot; left off...literally.  The main difference  between this film and its predecessor is that there is much more violence  and gore in this film.  I like them both, but I like the feel of the first  film more.  Not to say this film isn't good; it's very good.  This is one  of the better sequels in the series.  But be forewarned: Watch the first  film before you see this one or you'll be very lost...
B00001IVOR|5.0|wu tang forever is forever.wu tang set a new style of hip hop with their first album and now with their second one they still keep it real.this double cd is beats deluxe.the rza one of the best producers out there  creates another winner.he creates beats with sounds and noises thrown in  that make them better.all memners of the clan has their own style of  rapping and each of them like rapping about their favorite topics.this cd  is already a classic in my library.when this came out at the begening of  summer in 97 it got played everywhere and ill always remember it along with  this album.highly recommend it.
0679746048|4.0|If you're expecting the Bell Jar or a book like it you won't find it here. Girl, Interruped is definitely a quicker read, and it's generally pretty easy to digest. Although Ms. Kaysen's style is less dramatic than people  might expect, the message will hit you pretty strongly. Her views about her  experience are a worthy read--fresh and insightful. There are times when I  felt the urge to skip chapters (for example, when she goes into the  lenghtly monologue) but I stuck it out and enjoyed this book at the end.
6300214370|5.0|Don't listen to any of the bad reviews here. This movie rules!  Kevin Bacon looks especially cute in his younger days. No matter how low you feel this movie just makes you get up and dance! Truly an awesome movie!
B000002IZ4|5.0|I know this band got compared to the great Pearl Jam for their musical approach on their debut album &quot;Core&quot;...but this album stopped all that. After scoring a massive hit with their heavier than thou debut, Stone  Temple Pilots released a sophomore album that ultimately destroyed the  sound of its debut. &quot;Purple&quot; is not only a great album as a  whole, but it also contains some of the 90's most memorable recordings.  Songs such as &quot;Big Empty&quot;, &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot;,  &quot;Vasoline&quot;, and &quot;Unglued&quot; show just how great this band  is. Afterall, what would radio be without the Stone Temple Pilots? They  write the catchiest, most melodic songs that are out there today. This  album probably catches them at their peak, although their next album  &quot;Tiny Music...&quot; was almost as great. This is also when Scott  Weiland started going through his heroin troubles, and there is great  emotion in his voice that expresses his pain and anger. But anyways, this  album ranks within the top 10 albums of the 90's...Here's my  list:<br />1)Pearl Jam - Ten 2)Stone Temple Pilots - Purple 3)Nirvana -  Nevermind 4)The Smashing Pumpkins - Siamese Dream 5)Rage Against the  Machine - Self-title debut 6)Pearl Jam - No Code 7)Alice in Chains - Dirt  8)Nirvana - Unplugged 9)Pantera- Vulgar Display of Power 10)Stone Temple  Pilots - Tiny Music...<br />6)
B000002WPI|5.0|this album launched the wu tang clan into stardom and changed hip hop music for ever.it has some of the best songs in the 90's in this cd.the whole album is tight so i cant say what songs are better.if you consider  yourself a hip hop fan,then get this,its essential.nuff said.
B0000041A9|5.0|This outstanding compilation contains some of  Ludwig van Beethoven's lesser known chamber music masterpieces.  In his lifetime, Beethoven composed 5 cello sonatas and three sets of variations for cello and piano.  Pianist Sviatoslav Richter and cellist Mstislav Rostropovich, two of the  great Russian masters of their instruments in the 20th century, give  brilliant performances of the cello sonatas.  Richter's and Rostropovich's  enjoyment of the music and each other is readily evident.  They make a  superb team throughout, catching every mood and nuance of each sonata.<br /><br />Beethoven based  two of the variation sets on Mozart's \\"Magic  Flute,\\" and the third set on Georg Fridrich Handel's \\"Judas  Maccabeus.\\"  Jean Francaix (pianist) and Maurice Gendron (cellist) are  equally brilliant in their performances of  these cello and piano  variations.  As always with Philips Duo releases, sound quality is  absolutely first class.  Lovers of Beethoven's music (especially his  chamber works) will find this 2-CD set an essential addition to their  collection.
B00000K0T8|5.0|ghostface killas first album is a gem.not that popular compared to method man but this is better than method man.ghostfaces usual partner in crime is here,chef raekwon,and both do a good job of rapping over the rza's perfect  beats.this album is very good and you should get it.it will make you a fan  of the wu tang clan if you werent already.im not gonna say what songs are  the best because frankly they are all good.especially &quot;260&quot; with  its saxaphone piece and,&quot;fish&quot;with the piano sounds.an excellent  album.
0812589041|5.0|A Book For Dumb Teenagers  May 17, 2000    Reviewer: A reader from USA  <br />Sir you point out all these errors in the book, but have you ever thought to yourself, hmm... this is science FICTION!  If your so smart  dummy why do you read your &quot;dumb tennager's&quot; book? You're also  insulting your own daughter and myself as well. I happen to write science  fiction stories, I've been published at 13! and for 9th grade I have to  read this book. It sounds enjoyable to me, and until you spend many, many  hours writing a book, i suggest you stop insulting other people's work!
B000002WU9|5.0|wu tang member chef raekwon delivers one of the best solo albums from members of the wu.chef and ghost face seem to always be together and in this album,ghostface sings in the majority of the songs.with the scarface  intro on&quot;criminology&quot; and the song &quot;wu gambinos&quot;,chef  fantasises on being on the cosa nostra(the mafia)and being in the drug  world.the beats and the lyrics are real and not comedic like some rappers  out now.a must have for the hip hop fan.
079213690X|5.0|Thank god I wasn't born 700 years ago after seeing this film. This movie portrays the middle age greatly. Though the movie is not fully accurate on history, the narrator gives an exuse for that in the very beggining!  The  movie stars Mel Gibson (The man without a face) who is a common Scott  during a time of change in Europe. The king of England Lonshanks, a  tyrinacle power hungry king, has annexed Scottland, taxed them heavily, and  issued a decree that allows English Lords to have sexual privellages to a  common mans wife. Wallace will live in peace if he can, unfortuanatley an  English soldier attempts to rape his wife. Wallace defends her, and they  seperate, his wife is captured and executed, while he evades capture. This  event brings back his haunted memory of his father's death and causes him  to start a rebellion that will turn into a full scale war      This movie  was well made and written. Acting is outstanding and should be watched.  This movie is quite violent and may be painful to watch at times. The music  in this film is quite incredable, and it is quite amusing to watch the  prince's (male) lover be thrown out a window by the king. The supporting  characters are quite amusing too. As for past reviews on this film... I  think you people should understand how movies are written, go visit disney  world or something, movies are made for entertainment, not to be a  documentary. Would you have liked seeing Wallace having &quot;fun&quot;  with a 13 year old french girl? Who cares anyway how do we even know what  happened? It was 700 years ago, and in the dark ages... In conclusion this  movie makes Titanic look like Waterworld
B000002J03|5.0|This album is without a doubt one of the greatest ever produced.  From the blues of Bring it on Home and Heartbreaker to the great guitar riffs of the 'Lemon Song' it exudes sheer brilliance.  If you never buy another Cd by  Led Zeppeling, buy this one.  Every song is a classic, with only the  exception of 'Thank You' entering the more mundane.  It is by no means a  bad song and provides a good contrast to the heaviness of the other songs  but, despite this it lacks the awesome nature of the rest of the album.   Even so, it does not detract from its greatness.  If you want to witness a  great band at the peak of their creative powers then buy this album.  I  bought it three weeks ago and there hasn't been a day when I haven't  listened to it.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Former-Mouseketter-turned-Queen-of-Pop Britney Spears returns to the music scene with her sophomore effort, Oops!... I Did it Again, already breaking records. The main difference from her debut album Baby Hit Me (One More  Time) and her latest attempt, however,  isn't just in the way she dresses  and looks, but also in who she worked with... and it shows.  Spears'  young and inexperienced voice seemed to be screeching its way through  numerous songs on her debut album. It was obvious that she was incapable of  hitting notes rival Christina Aguilera could hit in her sleep, and  therefore undeserving of the Grammy she so desperately wanted. However, now  not only has Spears' voice matured, she may have even had some vocal  coaching before recording her latest CD. She no longer is forcing her voice  to hit the high notes or to carry on over a period of time. During the  songs \\"Where Are You Now\\" and \\"When Your Eyes Say It,\\" Spears' voice even  resembles former pop-star-turned-Broadway-Beauty Deborah Gibson and gives  the audience their first sign that Spears may not be the next Tiffany or  Paula Abdul. Furthermore, Spears step-away from \\"good-girl pop\\" to more of  a rough, r&amp;b style on her new album gives Spears the breakthrough she  needed for her image to match her music. Just as she looks better being  bad, she sounds better with an edge too. In \\"What U See (Is What U Get)\\"  Spears tells it as it is... and as far as this album goes we love what we  get.  The first single off the album, \\"Oops!...I Did it Again,\\" may  sound identical to Spears first single \\"Baby Hit Me (One More Time),\\" but  Spears second single shows the audience her growth as an artist, as well as  the talent her first album hid.  Working with R.J. \\"Mutt\\" Lange, Spears'  \\"Don't Let Me Be the Last To Know\\" is her first song where her isn't  drowned out by her back-up singers. She sings the lyrics with such passion  that die-hard fans of Lange's won't be upset he didn't save the song for  Shania Twain. Similarly, her cover of the Rolling Stones smash-hit \\"(I  Can't Get No) Satisfaction\\" will  only upset those who haven't heard it.  Being a dedicated Stones fan herself,  Spears keeps the lyrics the same but  adds her own sensual appeal to make it her own. The result ends up pleasing  both Spears and Stones fans alike.  Still, Spears hasn't retired her  Queen of Pop status quite yet. While most of her new album shows her as a  mature, young woman and lets her mature voice loose, some of the songs  still package Spears as the innocent child she isn't. Her voice sounds  sounds better with an edge, but on \\"Dear Diary\\" and \\"Lucky\\" Spears southern  accent and soft voice is used in childlike songs that seem more appropriate  for good-girl competitors Mandy Moore and Jessica Simpson.  These two songs  along with \\"Oops!... I Did it Again,\\" make Spears come across as a confused  artist, unsure of herself and not completely ready to let loose.    Until she gets comfortable with letting her bad girl side take over, her  true talent will never show.
0517591812|2.0|This book can be easily classified for the reader; if you like James Michener's oeuvre this is for you. Historical fiction that makes up in detail what it lacks in heart, multiple families whose lives mysteriously  repeat themselves(reincarnation?), and a heft to make you think it is more  than a giant soap opera. However, Michener is not for me and this book left  me cold. The history is pretty solid though, so at least it's  well-researched.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Tim Burton's \\"Sleepy Hollow\\" almost appears as though it was meant to be seen on the small screen. It's tone, color, and creepiness just magnifies on the television, and curled up on a rainy night it would be the perfect  date rental.  Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci star in the Thanksgiving  hit based on the novel by Washington Irving. Fans of the novel won't be  disappointed at Burton's vision, and neither will horror fans.  The  story focuses on a New York investigator Ichabod Crane (Depp) sent to the  town of Sleepy Hollow to investigate the murders of the mythical Headless  Horseman. With more and more bodies turning up decapitated, it is up to  Crane to stop the murders and prove once and for all that the murderer  isn't a ghost, but instead a man of flesh and blood.  However, as Crane  soon finds out, the stories behind the Headless Horseman are true. Now, it  is up to him with the help of Katrina Van Tassel (Ricci) to find out who  controls the Headless Horseman before they, and the rest of Sleepy Hollow,  end up dead.  Burton's famous for creating dark settings in his films,  and \\"Sleepy Hollow\\" is no different. The lack of light, the fog, and the  farmtown setting only intensifies the mystery and horror Irving intended  his story to have. The beautiful costumes distinguish the time period  perfectly, and the dream sequences create the only color the film has.   Depp gives his best performance in a long time as Ichabod Crane. He gives  his eccentric character both<br />heart and humor and works well with Ricci.  Despite their age difference, the two make the perfect movie couple with  their on-screen chemistry as engaging as the film's cinematography.    \\"Sleepy Hollow\\" was a wonderful film on the big screen but is even more  visually haunting on the small screen. It
0671047272|5.0|Generally I do not read books.  I don't have the time or the patience.  However, I was taking a holiday break abroad and thought that it would be a good idea to get a book for the flight to try to keep me occupied on the  journey.  I couldn't believe what a moving and gripping  tale this was.  Frank McCourt couldn't have done better.  For three days it kept me quiet.  What a good idea to tell the tale through the eyes of a child. Although it  is a sad account of Frank's upbringing I found parts of the book very  funny. I am looking forward to reading 'Tis' and have just ordered Angela's  Ashes on DVD. Excellent.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Rap's white bad boy Eminem returns with his sophomore CD, \\"The Marshall Mathers LP,\\" a CD so true to life itself and yet so haunting, listeners can't help but love it.  The first track, \\"The Real Slim Shady,\\" is as  upbeat as this CD gets. \\"The Marshall Mathers LP\\" takes an haunting look at  the \\"real\\" Eminem-- his opinions, his life and his inner self. And while  some tracks you'll laugh at, others will keep you up at night wondering who  the REAL Eminem is.  The CD's most haunting and realistic track, \\"Kim,\\"  focuses on Eminem murdering his wife, sound effects and all. The emotion  Eminem sings with, as well as the haunting cords in the background, are as  real as it gets without blood being on his hands. However, this one song  alone could be the reason for the CD's Parental Advisory-- but continue  listening and listeners will find out that there is much more.  True to  any rapper, Eminem says cuss words like there is no tomorrow. Additionally,  Eminem attacks everyone and anyone, from boy and girl groups to critics to  fellow ex-white rapper Vanilla Ice. Eminem shows he has no mercy ... \\"The Real  Slim Shady\\" is the G-rated version of Eminem's feelings, and numerous other  songs on the CD also tell it the way it is in Eminem's world. He attacks  Britney Spears, Puff Daddy and N Sync song after song, with each song  getting more vulgar and more dark. Still, while the same message is coming  across-- that he hates pop music and was sent here to destroy it-- his  lyrics get more creative the more vulgar Eminem gets. The best lyric of the  bunch being a take-off on LFO's \\"Summer Girls.\\"  Although most of the  CD is devoted to Eminem's personal attacks on pop culture, \\"Kill You,\\"  \\"Kim,\\" and \\"Stan\\" take a look at Eminem's approach to life, women, fame and  his family. These songs are where the CD gets dark and also where Eminem's  true talent shines through. His lyrics will haunt you even after the songs  are over because the emotion he sings with sounds so hauntingly real. These  songs, along with Eminem's uncensored opinions on the world today and  catchy medlies, show his growth from the first CD to the second as well as  the undeniable fact that Slim Shady is here to stay.  While Eminem's  first CD distinguished him as a rapper in a world where white and rap don't  co-exist, this CD shows Eminem isn't afraid to be himself. However, his  over-the-top approach to addressing every subject on the CD makes listeners  question who the real Slim Shady truly is. Until we find that out, as  Eminem so vulgarly points out, we will continue to buy his music...
B00004T9VY|5.0|This is a must for any collector.  Cat Stevens is an excellent songwriter, a poet creating a window into a very special time when communication through music was clear and to the point! I'm sure that if he ventured into  releasing a new collection today, it would be embraced and appreciated, now  more than ever. The songs are sweet, unpretentious and honest......enjoy!
B00002NDB1|5.0|The first time I had ever heard Iron Maiden was when my friend invited me to the 1998 Virtual World Tour. I went completely nuts! I just HAD to get their CD. The CD I got was Virtual XI. I loved it! And all I hear out of  everyone is how Blaze Bayley is the worst singer ever! No way! Yeah, sure  he took Bruce's place, which was bad, but does anybody remember WHY Bruce  left? Helloo-ooo? And out of all the guys who entered their tapes to get  the part, Blaze got it. And Virtual XI, which is actually the second  recording Blaze did with Maiden, X-Factour being the best with him, is very  good. Now let me talk to you about some of the tracks... Futureal, the  opening track, being very heavy and getting into the album in just .02  seconds!  The Clansman, another track, starting very slow and with alot of  melody between the vocals and guitars, then going into semi-heavy mode.  This is one of the best on the album. Lightning Strikes Twice, ah yes, the  song that always gets a storm over my house when I play this song.  Literaly! I think this is my #1 favorite on this album. Starting out  semi-heavy, then going heavy, this song really gets your blood pumping!  Blaze's vocals are great in this song, bringing back old Bruce-Bruce's(old  joke) type of singing.<br />Well, and there you have it, this is one of the  best that Iron Maiden has come out with. My favorite album is X-Factour,  but that's for another review. I say to anybody new to Iron Maiden should  pick this one up.<br />The End
B000001Y42|5.0|This debut album is really cool.  In my opinion, the best two songs are Faith and Counterfeit.  If you want to get Significant Other, you should get this first.
0802136834|5.0|I only picked this book up because I'd just finished Weir's &quot;Life of Elizabeth I&quot; and was missing reading something about the Tudor time period. <br />Turns out I liked this one even better! Through the description  of his 6 relationships, the character of Henry VIII unfolds with many  dimensions (and surprises). I actually found myself feeling sorry for the  monarch who is usually equated with obesity, gluttony, womanizing, and  bloodshed.<br />I also enjoyed the dimensions of personality offered for the  ladies: mature and tenacious Katherine of Aragon, ambitious and foolish  Anne Boleyn, quietly calculating Jane Seymour, unappealing yet graceful  Anne of Cleeves, young and frivolous Katherine Howard, and down-to-earth  Katherine Parr. This cast of characters can rival that in any Aaron  Spelling production!<br />It's one of those  &quot;can't-wait-to-get-back-to-it&quot; books . I'm now wondering which of  Weir's Tudor musings I should tackle next...
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is a great CD with pretty unique music and I really want to buy it, but they are copycats in my eyes.  They seem to have taken their look from Mr. Bungle.  But they are still awesome.  This is great Metal/Hard Rock  with some Punk influence!  Go buy it!
B00004SCX6|5.0|I think it's a really great cd, with a lot of &quot;hyper&quot; songs.  So many people out there don't like  Britney, but I do! I don't care, i like her songs!
0887307280|1.0|Useless - this was just a long commercial for the author's services. Worse yet, I paid for it. Very little concrete information. Very disappointing.
0805062971|4.0|If you're coming to the book after seeing the film-it's ok to raise your hand here as your reviewer did also-you'll see the screenwriter pretty much took the book's contents verbatim. What's missing are a few funny moments  like Marla's unwitting part in the soap-making process and some disturbing  details of her's and Tyler's sex life. Plus a different and more satisfying  ending (c'mon, you didn't think the narrator and Marla were really in love  did you?)Palahniuk's jump-cut, stream-of-consciousness style take a little  getting used to, but this is a clever black comedy that leaves you with  more to think about than the punchlines when it's over. It's about a  culture of numbness, where Huxley, not Orwell, was right and the only way  to feel is to drive yourself to the limits of physical pain or destroy  something beautiful. You've probably seen the movie and giving away plot  details would just detract from the experience. Just read it!
0140544518|5.0|I am a preschool teacher and I have read this book several times to my class of 4 year olds.  We laugh everytime time we read it.  One child said to me that they never knew the wolf had feelings like we do.  It also helps the children to understand that there are always 2 sides to a story.
B000003Z12|5.0|Incredible! I have been a lifelong fan of Neal's, and Beyond The Thunder is absolutely amazing. Like a fine wine, Neal consistently gets better with age...this CD shows a more mature, romantic side of Neal, WELL worth a  listen.
B00002E233|1.0|The best part of this DVD was being able to watch the scenes that Renny Harlin cut, as he deemed that scenes that merely developed the characters were redundant to the plot. Big mistake.  The animatronic Sharks were very  good, but they didn't have to deliver any of the dreadfully corny dialogue.  LLCoolJ put in a good performance, Samuel L Jackson (an excellent actor)  should have read the script a little more closely before signing his  contract, and even Michael Rapaport nearly had us convinced that he could  outswim a shark. However, Saffron Burrows should stop trying to be Gwyneth  Paltrow and Sigourney Weaver roled into one - she was totally unconvincing.   Renny Harlin's commentary also revealed that he didn't want to make  Burrow's character sympathetic in any way, unfortunately for Harlin, none  of the characters really earned any sympathy at all.  It's a shame that the  rest of the movie didn't live up to the opening sequence, which was by far  the best scene of the whole sorry film. It doesn't deserve a star rating at  all.
B00004RFCM|1.0|I bought this DVD having seen one fairly entertaining episode of the show.  Having seen a few more, all I can say is &quot;whoops&quot;.  Two of Carrie's three friends are not very attractive, all four are fairly  self-impressed and boring after a couple episodes, and the supporting  characters may as well be made of cardboard.  Throwing in a little Kim  Cattrall T&amp;A occasionally does make this show any more titillating than  it is annoying.  RENT - DON'T BUY!
B000003TAW|4.0|I bought this CD back in 1994 after seeing the video for 'Undone' on MTV (back when I still wanted my MTV).  The video was quite simple, just the band playing in a blue room.  Towards the end of the video, several dogs  ran across the stage.  I thought to myself 'Hey, that doesn't make any  sense!' so I immediately ran out and bought the CD.  Six years later, it's  still one of my favorites (and my favorite CD of the decade was Weezer's  less successful (commercialy, but not musically) follow up 'Pinkerton').   From the opening crashes of 'My Name is Jonas' through the end of the much  softer 'Only in Dreams', they kept me engaged.  There is not a bad song on  the disc, and that's a rarity these days.  The band excels at mixing  acoustic guitars or a harmonica with thundering elecrtric guitar strums and  sweet basslines.<br />Some call Weezer 'geek rock', others call it 'grunge  surf' or 'power pop', but it's really just rock &amp; roll.  <br />Also, if  you can find the CD single to 'Undone' anywhere, it's got two more great  songs ('Mykel &amp; Carli' and 'Suzanne') that would have sounded right at  home on this CD.
B000000OQF|4.0|all i got to say is this album is great but axl aint nowhere as good a vocalist as bruce dickinson (listen to run to the hills for proof )
0671042858|4.0|King writing short stories, of which I consider this to be, taking into account the majority of his novels, generally does a superb job with them - and this is no exception.<br />He still has the evocative descriptions that  populate all of his novels, but in Tom Gordon he has kept the story to  basically one level, with none of the intertwining tales he generally  includes in his longer books. There's no outright &quot;boogeyman&quot; in  this story, it's left up to the reader to decide if there's really  something out there, or if its the state of the girl's mind, and she's  imagining it all after being in the woods alone for so long.<br />An  enjoyable read, easy to get through in an afternoon sitting, and without  any of my usual reactions to his books, ie. have I REALLY locked all the  doors? and what's that noise I'm hearing?
B00004T9UF|5.0|The Marshal Mathers LP is great!  Eminem's second LP blows the first one away!  Songs like Amityville,Kill You,I'm Back, and my favorite #16 Kim are awesome.  Those are the songs they really would have a hard time putting on the radio.  If you liked The Slim Shady LP you'll love Marshall  Mathers. Only thing I didn't like is that disgustingly funny Ken Kaniff  skit where 2 homosexuals give a bj to Ken.
6305078564|5.0|The production is excellent.  I wish I could say the same for the quality of the DVD.  This DVD's video is the poorest of any I have in my collection!  The VHS copy that I have access to is actually visually  clearer!
0451167716|5.0|There is no need to tell anything about the characters in  this book as every one knows the story.I'v just finished reading it for the umpteenth time and am still thrilled,satisfied and completely enthralled by this  great read. I even went to the extent of cooking green peppers Italian  style! It's still my number 1 read of all times!
B00004SCX6|5.0|I really like Oops!...I Did It Again. She has all new songs, and some new styles.  Some are similar to ...Baby One More Time, (the majority are), but still,  there are some highlights for the R&amp;B district. Don't Do Knockin' on my  Door strikes her first appearance  into R&amp;B, and it's not half bad. She  also takes a stab at her first writing experience in Dear Diary. It could  be a little better, but hey...It's alright. The only one I really am not  feeling is One Kiss From You. It's not a bad song really, just not totally  my feel. But that's ok. Britney (IMHO) proved herself right...She can do it  Baby, One More Time, because she Did It Again, and it's no Oops!
B00003W8NM|5.0|so it's finally out. the x-generation's own bible in a mind-boggling wrap case. it contains 2 dvd's. one holds the movie, while the other holds really cool extra features and makings of. it is a must to all of you guys  out there who saw the film and liked it. As For me, well...it's my new  bible.
B00003CWL6|5.0|As you have seen from reading the other reviews, there are still a lot of people who want to cushion themsleves from the real world.<br />Then something comes along, grabs everybody and shakes up all sorts of reactions.<br />As  there doesn't seem to be that many anti reviews for other films, I can only  draw the conclusion that, American Beauty must have provoked as much of a  reaction in the people who hated it as those who loved it.<br />On this point  alone I would argue that this is undeniable the best film of 1999, even if  you hated it!<br />A real masterpiece of cinematography for those who look  closely enough.<br />Please, please release it on DVD!
B00003CWQ2|4.0|As I was watching this movie, I was very confused, this was NOT at all what I expected! At first I was getting angry becuase it was so messed up. However somewhere nearer to the end of the movie....somthing happens that  explains everything, it was so unexpected, but it made so much  sense....After that The rest of the movie was awsome!
B00003CWRX|5.0|As a story and a piece of film-making, this is a true masterpiece, without the hype.<br />The best of their fields have collaborated to make it all come together perfectly (Pacino, Crowe, Plummer, Mann and Roth - to name but a  few). <br />However thought-provoking it is, it must be remembered that the  film is not a documentary but a dramatisation BASED on fact.<br />For  competing views on what constitutes the actual truth, take look at Jeff  Wigand's web-site and that of Brown &amp; Williamson.<br />The movie  challenges you to think about the broader ethical issues in corporate  America (and elsewhere). As such, I found it to be one of the best movies I  have ever had the pleasure of watching (more than once).
6305750750|5.0|I can't believe it, George Lucas has done it again!  Impressives and gorgeous effects,awesome music, thank you George!. The most complete sci-fiction movie ever, this one's just has it all. I got the widescreen  edition and it just blows my mind every time that i see it.<br />P.S. sorry  for my poor english, but my native tongue is spanish
B000006E4C|5.0|Steve Reich is very possibly the most interesting of the Serialists. He achieved something quite rare and extraordinary: erasing the line between harmony and rythm, thus creating a new dimension.<br />\\"18\\" is -in  my opinion- his finest piece. Its architecture is extremely solid though it  doesn't lack creative power. This re-recording is even better than the original one. Continuous listening should be very rewarding.
B00004SCX6|1.0|the only reason this album is more &quot;mature&quot; is because her songwriters knew that's what the teenyboppers who bought this want to hear.  of course she'll talk about not feeling lonely because that's what people  are expecting.  <br />the thing that annoys me most about her is that she  can't sing.  she can carry a tune, but she doesn't have a strong voice at  all. who cares if she can dance?  if you're going to be a pop star, at  least have a decent voice.
0743200799|5.0|Stuck in an airport, I searched the bookstore for a good book...little did I know I'd stumble onto this gem.  As a sleepy 3-year-old when my parents woke me to see the moon landing, I grew up, knowing little about the  America's newborn space program...I figured this book would tell me some  interesting stories...and it did! It might be hard to imagine action behind  a desk at Mission Control, but I couldn't wait to hear more stories after a  description of the first launch. Although sometimes over-detailed in who  did what between the launches, and sometimes it seemed like a Senior Class  yearbook in it's roll-call lauding, I was really hooked on hearing about  the program.  I highly recommend this to anyone who is even remotely  interested in flight, and to those who like a good book. It's like The  Right Stuff meets Yeager meets Apollo 13.
0792101448|5.0|one of the truly great westerns of all time. the acting, beautiful music, all make for a must see movie. it just doesn't get any realer or better than this
0679847367|5.0|This note is for cool grandparents in particular:  This is the ultimate graduation gift, and an essential for your home library.
0790738139|5.0|An intriguing mix of film-noir, brutal romance and the underbelly of crime in a stylishly dated L.A., this movie got robbed of the best pic Oscar.  Virtually all of the performances are excellent, lead by the smoldering and  heartbreaking Russell Crowe, who came out of nowhere and made a huge splash  in this role.  Kim Basinger is all you could ever want as a femme fatale  with more than a few secrets.  If you love twisty thrillers that care about  the characters, you will love this often over-looked classic movie.  Like  The Usual Suspects in its byzantine, twisted plot, this movie requires you  to pay attention, and features the alwasy magnetic Kevin Spacey in another  wildly entertaining role.
B000002GJH|4.0|In a lesser fashion than, say, Pearl Jam's [[ASIN:B0000027RL Ten]], \\"Temple of the Dog\\" may have spawned an early half-decade of grunge cookie-cutter bands like Bush and Seven Mary Three. Enamored in Seattle glory and mystique, \\"Temple of the Dog\\" was comprised of three future Pearl Jam members and fellow Soundgarden rockers Chris Cornell and drummer Matt Cameron.<br /><br />It begins with a sweet tribute to Andrew Wood, late lead singer of former Seattle band [[ASIN:B000001DWG Mother Love Bone]]. Cornell, who wrote both music and lyrics for a large chunk of this album, mostly runs the show. Always achingly personal, with a raging Robert Plant-like voice to back up his strong emotions, Cornell is an artist's artist.<br /><br />\\"Reach Down\\" is over 11 minutes of plodding guitars and bombastic grunge rhythm, with Cornell screaming like Seattle is his oyster: \\"You gotta reach down/And pick the crowd up!\\" he wails. \\"Hunger Strike,\\" with its beautiful lyrics and tunefulness, plus Eddie Vedder's great vocal contribution, seems destined for classic-rock status. There's not a bad song on this entire record, as the band combines quiet introspection with reflective lyrics on songs like \\"Call Me a Dog,\\" \\"Times of Trouble\\" and the heartfelt \\"Wooden Jesus.\\" Truly great Seattle grunge music was never dumb music, and these tunes prove that with sincere emotion and thinking-man's lyrics.<br /><br />If Temple of the Dog were \\"spontaneous\\" and practically thrown together (the band's words), it's scary to wonder the depths of the band's sound had it taken its time or experimented more musically. This project further demonstrates the amazing talent and creativity that came out of Seattle before the world crashed in on that private music scene. Temple of the Dog may never reform, but its lone record made a huge impact and is thankfully here to enjoy.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I DON'T CARE WHAT ANYONE SAY ABOUT HER SHE CAN  SING AND PLAY SO MANY INSTRUMENTS MAN I LOVE THIS CD ITS HER TRUE SELF AS AN ARTIST AND REMINDS ME  OF SOMEONE I USED TO KNOW BUT THATS ANOTHER STORY SO HEY LISTEN TO IT  WITH AN OPEN MIND YOU CAN'T GO WRONG
B0000035E7|4.0|Nirvana's debut record, recorded by Jack Endino on the renowned Sub Pop label, was made for a mere $600, quite amazing when considering the massive influence Nirvana would have on the music scene.<br /><br />\\"Bleach\\" did little commercially until the aftermath of [[ASIN:B000003TA4 Nevermind]], but it did  help carve the raw sound and attitude that made Seattle so famous and later abhorred by its musician residents. The $600 recording fee meant production and frills were kept to a minimum, just the way Kurt Cobain liked it. He would later rave about Endino's ability to milk raw power and raging vocals, leaving everything the way it came out on tape.<br /><br />Guitars come at a premium here, screaming as well. Cobain's early days on record seem even angrier, his lyrics often trite and self-indulgent, dealing with nothing more than everyday situations. He is self-defeating right away on the opener, \\"Blew,\\" where he sings, \\"If you wouldn't mind, I would like to lose.\\" His morose tone and sarcasm usually pervade when he's singing soft, and when he yells, take cover. Ironically, toward the end of \\"Blew,\\" Cobain repeats, \\"You could do anything,\\" as if suddenly switching roles to inspire his audience. \\"Floyd the Barber\\" is a definite keeper, with a dark but tuneful sound and humorous lyrics that describe a child's mega-frightening experience getting a haircut. \\"About a Girl\\" shows bright pop sense as well, and betters the \\"unplugged\\" version of the song that came out later.<br /><br />Throughout \\"Bleach,\\" the guitars stay crunchy, the vocals rough and stretched, the drums a little ill-timed and plodding, no match for later drummer Dave  Grohl. \\"Negative Creep\\" features the vantage point of a sick molester, Nirvana's version of \\"Sex Type Thing\\" (see [[ASIN:B000002IU3 Core]]). The song even ends with a clumsy fade out, Nirvana's first and only. Other songs feature typical knit-picking by Cobain (\\"yes I eat cow, I am not proud), as well as difficulties with rules and authoritative figures on \\"Sifting\\" and \\"Big Cheese.\\" The most eclectic song, \\"Downer,\\" ends \\"Bleach\\" on a fast note, with indecipherable lyrics and quick messages to ponder.<br /><br />Is \\"Bleach\\" a particularly special album? Yes, since it is Nirvana's debut. However, it isn't the band's best, and its sound probably matched what many other bands were doing in and around Seattle at that time.  Influential? Definitely, but not like the far superior monster that would follow.Sifting\\" and \\"Big Cheese.\\" The most eclectic song, \\"Downer,\\" ends \\"Bleach\\" on a fast note, with indecipherable lyrics and quick messages to ponder.      Is \\"Bleach\\" a particularly special album? Yes, since it is Nirvana's debut. However, it isn't the band's best, and its sound probably matched what many other bands were doing in and around Seattle at that time.   Influential? Definitely, but not like the far superior monster that would follow.
080013799X|5.0|It never fails, regardless of where you live, there is someone that knows Holy Grail punch-lines verbatim.  The reason, of course, is because it's one of the funniest movies ever made and if you haven't purchased this  movie (or even seen Monty Python to begin with) I would whole-heartedly  recommend this movie.  Even from the start with the opening credit jokes,  this movie sets the standards for all-time creativity with comedy.  If you  don't find this movie funny, I am trully sorry for you, because you might  not have a sense of humor.
0385470819|5.0|I am a bg John Grisham fan and I truly believe that A Time to Kill is most definitely his best work yet.<br />It is a gripping novel and is a very fast, easy read that makes the reader sit up and truly think about the times that  we have come through in this country.<br />If you're a fan of John Grisham's  works, don't miss it.
B00003CXDU|4.0|A great comedy but before watching this, I would recommend that you have seen at least some of the Star Trek TVshows/films because a good amount of the comedy rips it off, and frankly, you won't get some of the jokes  otherwise. Tim Allen is cast for a perfect role in portraying the old  captain (Kirk).  The aliens are hilarious and their attempts to act like  Earthlings contain some of the funniest stuff in this flick. The great  thing about this movie is that even though it's making fun of the nerdy  Trekkie atmosphere, it still gives you &quot;goosebumps&quot; in the final  battle scenes in that &quot;melodramatic&quot; way that all Star Trek  movies tend to.
6305807086|3.0|Just so so! Not that touch compared to alien1 and 2.
6300246876|5.0|This is a great movie! It tells the real story behind Pearl Harbor.  I've seen it five times, and each time it captivates me and makes me think.  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves history!
0743200799|5.0|I think that This book depicts a real life account of what really happened in the space program from someone who was there. If you like reading books that tell the whole story about the space program then you must read this
B00004T9UH|3.0|Dude, I wonder why they only play white rappers on the rock stations.
B000002KIE|4.0|...And never mind many of the nasty, negative reviews around here; chances are that they're mostly written in the fit of anger by the two remaining E.L.P. fans still left out there.<br />And never mind the all the inferior  imitators.  But if you've come here because you heard Blink-182 were  Pistols fans, nothing wrong with that - you are at the source.<br />And never  mind &quot;Nevermind&quot;, &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;, &quot;Revolver&quot;  and the rest of them - this album is in that distinguished group: one of  the most important albums ever.  It changed how I listened to music, and  I'm sure if it hasn't already changed your life, it is about to do just  that.  It is almost inconceivable that this record is nearly 23-years-old;  it still packs more of a punch than any album you're likely to hear this  year.  Or, for that matter, are going to hear next year, or heard last year  or the year or even the deacade before that.<br />It's by no means not a  perfect piece of work.  But with every daft and dense &quot;Problems&quot;,  you're sure to be rewarded with a bombastic &quot;Bodies&quot; or a nuclear  &quot;Holidays In The Sun&quot; -- and that is not to mention some of  sharpest singles of the Punk era: &quot;God Save The Queen&quot;,  &quot;Pretty Vacant&quot; and (still) the absolutely anthemic &quot;Anarchy  In The U.K.&quot; <br />The Pistols weren't as cartoonish and thought-out of a  'swindle' as Malcolm McLaren still insists that they were.  Otherwise, for  one brief moment in time and, lest we forget, during the heyday of Disco,  they wouldn't have been able to 'pull-off' being such a brilliant band  capable of making an album as incredible as this.  <br />You ever get the  feelin' it was fate...?
6300182096|5.0|I think that this is one of Hicckcock's greatest films. It is filled with alot of suspense and intreague. It's also based on real happenings (according to the back of the case). If you like suspense then this is the  picture for you.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Yes, &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; is a good song. &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; is great too. But forget all of them for &quot;Two Beds And A Coffee Machine&quot;. This has to be the saddest, most moving song I've  ever heard. The music and lyrics seemed to capture a bit of our basic  nature in it. It brings out the feelings of hopelessness we deal with, and  the doubts and fears we all have. Yet, just like when we face our own  problems, there's one small sliver of hope, a slim ray of light poking its  head through the blackness. The feeling that, in spite of everything, it'll  be all right in the end. I believe this song exemplified that beyond  anything else. This is one of the best songs I've ever heard. The CD is  worth it for this song alone. Beautiful.
6305810109|5.0|I took my 77 year-old father to see this movie in March. We absolutely loved it. So often the elderly are portrayed as helpless and weak in today's movies. Not so in this movie. Straight Story was a tale of a  wonderfully simple man doing the right thing and helping others along the  way. I promise, it will touch you. I hope the price of this video drops  soon because I think it would be a great gift for my dad on Father's Day.  May be a little slow for children, wonderful scenery.
0425170349|4.0|Tom Clancy has chosen a good topic for &quot;Rainbow Six&quot;. The basic plot, Shiva a genetically engineered strain is interesting and the book is a page turner. Initially the conversation among the rainbow six team is too  much which may loose the interest of the reader. Apart from this, one can  read this book
B00003CX59|2.0|This movie did nothing for me. It moves along slowly, has some very stiff acting and a hard to follow plot.If u want to check out Johnny Depp's better work then get &quot;What's eating Gilbert Grape&quot;, (also  Leonardo DiCaprio's finest work.) Christina Ricci does some bad acting  here, but i think the script stinks. The film is also unnessessarily gory,  it seems like the gore is suposed to make up for the lack of storyline. I  was bored.
0312243022|1.0|The first reference that came to mind on reading this book was NOT Mrs. Dalloway, but William H. Gass's scathing essay on the Pulitzer Prize (in Finding the Form). He holds the prize responsible for awarding and  preserving for posterity the work of mediocre writers, with Edith Wharton  as the sole exception to this rule. Cunningham's &quot;reworking&quot; of  Mrs. Dalloway is the perfect example of Gass's theory; it is brain candy at  best, a complete insult to Woolf's masterpiece at worst. I don't know who  wrote the blurb on the back cover which claimed that Cunningham wrote in  &quot;Woolfian prose,&quot; but I think the reviewer should return to  Woolf's work and do some serious rethinking. <br />It is such a shallow world  Cunningham has created in this piece; the characters are flimsy, their  streams-of-consciousness are entirely unsurprising, and the interweaving  and culmination of the different plot strains is worthy of talk show  exposure, not publication and a Pulitzer Prize. At the very least, perhaps  the book will prompt some of Cunningham's readers to read Mrs. Dalloway;  and maybe a handful of those will  read more than ten pages of it and think  it's pretty good.
6305807043|4.0|Let me just say that the best part about &quot;being John Malkovich&quot; is John Malkovich. He really makes u believe that he is having the weirdest experience of his &quot;Life&quot;. The scene where he enters his own mind  is the best&lt;and strangest&gt;. I did not care for the whole lesbian plot  and sometimes the entire thing went overboard but i did enjoy the movie  overall.
158234082X|5.0|As a former restaurant employee (mostly front of the house) I would have to say that most restaurant workers love nothing more than talking trash, gossiping, drinking, drugs, sex and FOOD.  It is all really about the food.   Mr. Boudain is right on the money about most facets of the industry and  puts his revelations in such a hilarious way I stayed up way to late  annoying my wife laughing our loud.  (And she was asleep in another room.)   My only quibbles could be the timeline is somewhat confusing and his  epiphany about simple three ingrediant food seems to happen more than once.   However, to allow that to detract from the overall enjowment of this work  would be tantamount to allowing the busboys brown shoes ruin my veal cheek  and morel mushroom risotto.  Of course I'm planning on dining on a Tuesdsay  and I'm hoping that an Equadorian is stirring my risotto.
630575067X|1.0|I saw this movie last night. It was really, really boring. Does anyone really care about what happens to earth in a million years. All of those special effects were really dumb. I just did not buy that a eight year old  kid can save the universe. And the animals talk?
0156465116|5.0|I just wanted to say that this is my favorite  book.  I treasure my first copy that got from my  auntie Lurdinha for my 10th birthday. I've read it throughout my life at different ages (10-14-20)  and it has always been a  wonderful read.<br />I am going to give it to my kids.
B00004T9UF|1.0|my brother bought this cd, and since I liked &quot;the real slim shady&quot;, I borrowed it from him to listen to it. I was completely disgusted at the lyrics- i really hope &quot;stan&quot; was not supposed to  be funny, because if it was, that's just completely sick. Many of the  lyrics are completely degrading to women, and they are really not funny. ...
0201633612|5.0|If you are a software developer you will come across this book or you are living in another  planet.  A must read for all object oriented software developers.
0671015206|5.0|From personal experience I know this book is right on the money. Had I not given a large gift to UAW'S, invested it' as I have done with mine, I would be leaving them twice as much as I gave. Now it is invested in  ,boats.jewels,cars and homes that I  pray they won't lose. I pray they  won't lose.This a true story.
B0000399WI|5.0|The title says it all. However, I am still puzzled by how the poster on the wall got pasted back?
B00004T9UF|5.0|Slim's lyrics are hot. Hes not afraid to say whats on his mind and his beats are pretty phat. I definitely recomend this to anybody.
B00004SCX6|1.0|britney spears comes off as the girl every guy wants, and the girl that every other girl wants to be. maybe thats why she sells so many records....her newest effort, oops i did it agian, is the same old recycled  pop music that she gave us last time.  sure, the title track is catchy (i  even sing it in the car) but its nothing impressive by an artists standard.   She has a really weak and over-computerized voice, which is relevent  throughout many of the songs. more of these songs are beat happy pop tunes,  but the only problem is that some sound EXACTLY the same. The lyrics are  cheesy and dont make sense some of  the time (oops you think im in love/and  im sent from above/ im not that innocent)....is she just trying to tell us  she gets around alot or something? anyways, i wouldnt really have a problem  with this album if it wasnt so overhyped about...no, britney isnt a super  diva, no, shes not an amazing artist....no, her music isnt very  inspiring....shes just a girl that looks good enough on magazines to make  12 year olds think they can be as cool as her when they get out of middle  school. one last thing - teen pop does NOT need to be covering rock  classics like &quot;satisfaction&quot;. 'nuff said!
6302491940|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time in a Dickensian home in Cardiff, Wales, and it has never left my mind.  Until recently I had believed that in fact this fil was a figment of my imagination and all the details were  jumbled.<br />I first remembered that Michael Caine was in it and then it was  just a matter of time.  I believed it was all about Monaco and then I heard  Mr. Caine interviewed and he mentioned this film.<br />I ordered it here.  I  watched it and thirty years after it was filmed its even more stylish, hip,  sexy, and dashing than it was even ten years ago.<br />Buy it.  Own it.  Don't  wait for serendipity.  It needs to be yours.
0783226063|3.0|I bought the DVD version for my wife's birthday present, as she liked the original movie. I didn't realize that the version she saw was over three hours long and the DVD version ( I gather, the original ) is about an hour  shorter. I actually enjoyed the movie but beware if you are expecting the  long version.
0887308589|4.0|The Dilbert Principle is a funny book, mainly because Scott Adams as a writer is wacky. He also brings interesting and cynical ideas about the technological workplace. Comics are well interspersed although the funniest  part is no doubt the emails that Adams received from unfortunate workers  caught in situations similar to the Dilbert comics.<br />All in all, not a  hoot but a humour book recommended for anyone who likes Dilbert. If you  really want to see more comics and all the characters in the strip you  should buy &quot;Seven years of highly defective people&quot;.
044022165X|5.0|Before reading the Rainmaker I had never read any of Grisham's books, or any legal thrillers for that matter. I was therefore a little apprehensive about reading it. My apprehension was unwarranted; I was hooked after the  first 50 pages. It only took me 3 days to read, and on the last day I read  half the book (this is a record for me). The first half of the book  revolves largely around Rudy's less than comfortable life as he struggles  through the merciless world of law. I found this oddly appealing to read  about. There's something about the way Baylor handles these dillemas that  makes for a good read. The last half, of course, flew by as the suspense  grew and the climax approached. I encourage those who are apprehensive  about reading this kind of book to try it. It certainly exceeded my  expectations.
0140282033|5.0|I think you will like this book.  I *rarely* rate a book 5 stars, but I have been reading so many so-so books, that when I like one as much as I did Chocolat, I feel like it deserves it.  The story is compelling, the  language was smart and refreshing, and I enjoyed all the characters.  Make  no mistake, this book is about Vianne and Francis--the other characters are  a subtext to the bigger conflict that exists both inwardly and outwardly in  Vianne and Francis's lives.<br />Like a box of chocolates with only 1 or 2  left, I was sad when I got to the last chapter.  I would love to read more  about Vianne and where the wind takes her.
B00003Q43A|4.0|It seems to be fashionable for people to show how 'intellectual' they are  by dumping all over this film. But does that stop me from enjoying it? Good  god no! Like the SF films of the 50's, and the original Star Wars, this is  a no nonsense thrill-ride of a movie that's just perfect if you just want  to sit back and be entertained. I like to think I'm a fairly enlightened  movie-watcher, and fully realize the plot and acting aren't Oscar material  (The FX's are though!), but it's still fun, and has a sprawling, epic feel  that's very rare in todays movies.  You've gotta admit, if nothing else  it's still much better than the creative teams later god-awful Godzilla  remake.
0380018179|5.0|Meggie Cleary and Ralph de Bricassart: two timeless lovers separated not  only by age, but by life, by sea and by vocation.  What can make two people  love each other so much to make a priest break his sacred vows?  What  happens when something is stolen and kept a secret?  Travel through two  generations of mistakes, two ruined children as the result...The Thorn  Birds is my favorite book, and never fails to stur a million emotions in  every paragraph, though I have read it no less than a hundred times.
B000002UWW|5.0|If u r a fan of RHCP, I suggest u pick this up right now. It has some timeless songs on it, like Under the Bridge, Fire, Higher Ground, and Catholic School Girls Rule(dont ask), and plenty others.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I was one of the few who actually didn't like &quot;Real Slim Shady,&quot; I felt that it was too poppy and was weak.  But after I heard a number of the tracks I soon found out that this album is just as outrageous as the  first... actually more so!  But also, one can tell that Eminem has matured  as an artist.  The track &quot;Stan&quot; would be the prime example of  this.  The song is serious, and I consider it his opus.  Anyway, for a  really great album that is as outrageous as an Insane Clown Posse album,  only with an artist that is actually talented, buy the Marshall Mathers LP.   Oh and speaking of ICP, there is a dis on them on track 11, &quot;Faggy 2  Dope and Silent Gay/ claiming Deroit when ya'll live twenty miles  away...&quot; ICP is weak anyway. It's wild, it's fun, and it will get you  kicked out of your house!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is by far the best rap CD to come out in years. Eminem is blessed with a razor sharp tongue to accompany his rapier wit. Dre's psycho-funkadellic beats complement his voice perfectly. In a world of  politically correct babble. No holds barred verbal abuse is always a  welcomed commodity. Props to eminem for &quot;gettin on the mic and  spittin&quot;. Props to Dre for flawless composition, and an eye for  talent. ...
B000002UB3|5.0|With no disrespect for Sgt. Peppers or the White Album, Abbey Road is the Beatles' finest work.  \\"Come Together,\\" \\"Something,\\" and \\"Here Comes the Sun\\" are all Fab Four classics while the  group also displays its wonderful sense of humor with the whimsical  \\"Maxwell's Silver Hammer.\\"  Considering that the Beatles are the  best group in the history of rock-and-roll -- and I think that's beyond  dispute -- that this could be considered their very best album says a lot.   Amazingly, though the first side of the album (nine songs) is pretty good,  it is the last eight songs that put Abbey Road into contention for a spot  among rock's greatest five or ten albums.  Starting with the mellow  \\"Sun King,\\" the Beatles charge through a line-up of songs that  when put together form one of the most memorable pieces of music ever  produced.  The Beatles are certainly not superb at making their music flow  well from one song to another (Pink Floyd was the master of this), but the  songs on the second half of Abbey Road flow together about as well as the  music on any other album ever made (Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon is the  only exception I can think of).  Though not the type of mainstream songs  that would later appear on the Beatles' greatest hits album, everything  here is memorable.  \\"Mean Mr. Mustard,\\" \\"Polynthene  Pam,\\" \\"She Came in Through the Bathroom Window,\\" \\"Carry  That Weight,\\" and \\"The End\\" are all exceptional, especially  when played straight through without interruption.  Of course, one of the  group's most well-known messages appears in \\"The End\\": \\"And  in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.\\"  This,  however, is not how the album ends.  There is still one last song,  \\"Her Majesty,\\" which lasts about thirty seconds long and proves  to be the perfect way to rap things up.  This album is proof once and for  all that the Beatles were in a league all by themselves when it came to  exploring the limits of pop music and then breaking through thoselimits.   Having Paul McCartney and John Lennon in the same group is like having Babe  Ruth and Lou Gehrig in the same lineup: they just can't be beaten.  Abbey  Road is just another demonstration of that obvious fact.
B000002KBH|5.0|Well, this has fast become one of my favorites.  Actually, I suppose I was hooked from the start -- the raw emotion that was so lovingly crafted into this music brought me to tears.  &quot;Ripple&quot; may be Garcia and  company's finest moment, but every song on this album is a gem, from the  poignant &quot;Box of Rain&quot; to, er, &quot;Truckin&quot; (need I say  more).  Most of the songs deal about loss in some way -- until our beloved  band realizes they will &quot;just keep truckin on.&quot;  The lyrics are  incredible.  &quot;When I had no wings to fly, you flew to me.&quot;   &quot;If you stand then who's to guide you? If I knew the way, I would take  you home.&quot;  &quot;Fare you well, fare you well, I love you more than  words can tell.&quot; &quot;Maybe you'll find direction around some corner  where it's been waiting to meet you.... This is all a dream we dreamed one  afternoon long ago.&quot;  The lyrics are as unforgettable as the music;  the two interweave to create a whole that will change your life.<br />Forget  all you've heard about the drugs, about the band's cult.  Forget their  legacy and listen to this album.  It will knock you down.  There could have  been no better title for it.  It truly is an American beauty.
0767817478|1.0|I was not very impressed. I would rather watch Raymond Burr in GODZILLA as this. Special effects was not impressive. For a good monster movie get The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms for a really good terror and special effects or  War of the Worlds.
B000002J1S|5.0|I got this album nearly two years ago as a birthday present from a friend who knew I liked Yes.  The first time I heard _The Lamb_, I wasn't sure what to make of it.  I liked &quot;The Carpet Crawlers&quot; and  &quot;Hairless Heart&quot; but the rest was pretty much lost on me.  At  that point, I listened to it once.  (I think I was a little off-put by the  depictions of street life, which I had never heard in music before.  I'd  certainly never heard the Velvet Underground then).  Two months later, I  put it on again and it hit me.  This, I realized, is a _great album_.  Not  just good... great.  Soon, Genesis and Yes were the only two bands I ever  listened to, and of course I had to buy another ten Genesis CD's before I  was done.  (The box set, by the way, is a gem.  And of course, _Foxtrot_,  _Selling England_ and _Nursery Cryme_ can't be missed).<br />Still, today,  _The Lamb_ remains one of my favorite records.  There have been others that  have crept into my life, but Brian Eno's _Another Green World_, The  Smashing Pumpkins' _Siamese Dream_, and Jackson Browne's _Late for the Sky_  are probably the only other two that really can claim to be as important  and meaningful to me.  Pink Floyd's _Wish You Were Here_, the Grateful  Dead's _American Beauty_, _The Beatles_, Dylan's _Highway 61 Revisited_,  U2's _War_, Rush's _Moving Pictures_, _The Velvet Underground and Nico_ --  these albums are all great and I love them.  But -- I shake my head.  They  haven't had the significance and meaning to me that the triumphs and  travails of Rael have.  Despite my constantly changing musical tastes, _The  Lamb_, I've realized, has always been a gem in my collection.  I love this  album.  If I never heard it again I'd wither away in the course of a year.   I would die.<br />I can't claim, as some have, that _The Lamb_ completely  changed my life, turned it around.  Not entirely, but it's not a grievous  overstatement.  But it's been there for me.  When I've had crises inmy  teenaged world, I've put this record on, and it's been a voice.  A soothing  voice, a reassuring voice -- whenever I've needed music to give me comfort,  it's only one, er, _Lamb_ away.  I give it a very complete, richly deserved  twelve stars out of five.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I wish i could give this album more stars as it is my favorite cd and easily one of the best cd's i have ever heard. It is filled not only with fast, powerful songs such as &quot;Around the World,&quot; but also slow,  moving songs that stay with you such as &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; and  &quot;Porcelain.&quot; This album, filled with  fast-paced,powerful,grasping,and indulging songs is a must get for any Red  Hot Chili Peppers fan and even for those who never heard of them before.  This album contains little cuss words if not only one or two and people of  all ages, kids and adults, can enjoy. I highly recommend this album for  everyone.
B000002J1O|5.0|Of the 42 reviewers who reviewed this before me, 40 gave it record five stars.  Wow.  That's impressive.<br />And how could I give it any less, who am I to argue.  I love &quot;Dancing,&quot; I love &quot;More Fool Me,&quot; I  love &quot;After the Ordeal.&quot;  &quot;Firth of Fifth&quot; is a  stunning document of their technical ability, &quot;I Know What I  Like&quot; proves they could write pop music, &quot;The Battle of Epping  Forest&quot; is a haunting depiction of urban realities.  But for me, the  best tracks on the album are &quot;The Cinema Show&quot; and &quot;Aisle of  Plenty.&quot;  &quot;The Cinema Show,&quot; actually, may be drummer Phil's  finest moment.  The live version on _Seconds Out_, a duet with Yes and King  Crimson's Bill Bruford, was even better as far as Phil was concerned, but  the absence of Peter Gabriel prevented it from being definitive and  actually made it inferior.  Plus, we didn't get to hear &quot;Aisle of  Plenty&quot; performed in all its glory.  &quot;Aisle of Plenty,&quot; for  those who missed the point, reprised a theme from &quot;Dancing with the  Moonlit Knight.&quot;  <br />I've rambled.  It's late at night.  I don't  usually write like this.<br />_Selling England_ is magical.  It's like a  journey back to fairyland.  It's like you've heard these songs before, but  you can't place them; or maybe you _haven't_, you're so overcome by their  brilliance that you _want_ to believe you remember them from  somewhere...<br />The band draws from the legacy of English folk to add a  mystical element to their music, not entirely unlike what Led Zeppelin was  doing on tracks like &quot;The Battle of Evermore&quot; and &quot;Stairway  to Heaven&quot; at the same time, but with Genesis, it's more  intellectually thrilling.<br />I've always viewed _Selling England_ as  something of a transition album from Genesis.  True, some of their long  songs remained -- &quot;The Cinema Show,&quot; at thirteen minutes, the  most obvious one -- but the folk element of their music became more  prominent, and Gabriel's storytelling was brought to the forefront.  _The  Lamb_, with tracks like the instrumental &quot;Ravine&quot; that are  completely based in mystical English folk, is in this way a follow-up to  _Selling England_.  But _Selling England_ was something of a departure from  the ways of the Foxtrot -- the anthems, like &quot;Watcher of the  Skies,&quot; are nowhere in sight.  Of course, since Genesis were still  creating great music, this is a minor point; _Selling England_ may have  been their most mature work to date.  But the history of Genesis with Peter  Gabriel could be divided into three parts: first, before Phil arrived;  second, _Nursery Cryme_ and _Foxtrot_; third, _Selling England_ and _The  Lamb_.  And then PG left, and as we all know, the quality of their music  declined until it descended into oblivion, er, commercial success.   Whippee!<br />_Selling England by the Pound_ gets five stars.
B000002B1M|5.0|This CD has some tight beats. Especially the third song &quot;Street Dreams.&quot; This is the second best CD of 1996 (No one can duplicate 2Pac's 9X Platinum All Eyez On Me in 1996). Other tight songs on this CD  are Watch Dem Ni##as, Affirmative Action, If I Ruled the World (Imagine  That), I Gave You Power, Nas Is Coming, and The Message. Most of the songs  on this CD are tight.  This CD makes you bounce, too. So if you are a rap  fan and like Nas, this is a must CD!
B00004SCX6|3.0|Okay. The talking is bizarrely intrusive. And while much of the music is..um...derivative, I kind of like the fact that pop music has recently discovered minor chords. But for those of us who are longer in the teeth---  well, subtract the press image, and the extra sexuality, and tell me if YOU  don't hear ABBA in this cd! Harmless pop, familiar and unthreatening...
B000000OU0|5.0|The Eagles, one of the most famed bands of the 70s, and perhaps ever, did an awful thing to music by breaking up and promising they would not reunite til Hell Froze Over. <br />This album is truly the best of the 90's. Forget  Nevermind by Nirvana, no one should be without this right here. Don  Henley's voice has become stronger since the days and Glenn Frye is still  amazing in all he does. &quot;Hotel California,&quot; is amazing on this  album, but I believe the standout is &quot;The Last Resort.&quot; The song  is Henley's time to shine and I think he shines on it more than his big  hit, &quot;Desperado.&quot;<br />&quot;New York Minute,&quot; &quot;Take It  Easy,&quot; &quot;Life In The Fast Lane,&quot; and &quot;I Can't Tell You  Why,&quot; are all amazing on this album and sound great with a much more  mature and obviously much more SOBER eagles.<br />This is a perfect CD with no  flaws and nothing they should be ashamed of.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fincher's Fight Club opens in a mysterious semi-darkness, both comforting and disquieting, autistic and boundless, vaguely familiar. But it is only when we are expelled from this strangely biomorphic womb-like place we realise that we have been within the deep recesses of our protagonist's  mind. In a shaky pullback we emerge from Jack's mouth that has the barrel  of a gun jammed inside it.<br />Jack is a loner, a man going nowhere fast, an  angst-ridden emasculated wage-slave with terrible insomnia. He seeks  solace, rather bizarrely, in victim support groups, feeding off the misery  of others Sleep comes to him at last and he becomes addicted to the  self-help ethos. That is, until he is exposed by another fake attendee,  Marla. Without the group empathy and misery-fix to soothe his troubles,  Jack hurtles deeper into depression, culminating in his apartment  exploding. In his deep dark night of the soul he turns to Tyler  Durden.<br />Tyler Durden is the embodiment of pure id: an existential  nihilist, a sociopath with terrorist inclinations, inhabiting a dilapidated  decaying brownstone on the edge of existence. He scavenges human fat from  liposuction clinics to make into soap to sell back to the rich ladies it  came from; urinates in the soup of the restaurant in which he works; and,  moonlighting as a projectionist, he splices single frames of pornography  into family movies. The disruption of the social ethic is his prime  motivation.<br />When the two men get into a fight, Jack is amazed how  exhilarated he is by the raw, unfettered violence. Consequently, the Fight  Club is formed, a secret society of like-minded males prepared to go  one-on-one with bare-knuckles. But, &quot;the first rule of Fight Club is  that you don't talk about Fight Club&quot;, and with the movie it's true  too: here I depart from plot details. But let me say this: Fight Club is  not a fighting picture (Van Damme fans be warned) and it is as far removed  from the escapist blockbuster that people expected as it is possible to get  (hence its box office failure). But, quite simply, Fight Club is, without  doubt, one of the most subversive pieces of cinema, ever. And. With a  denouement twist that is, unlike The Sixth Sense, impossible to  guess.<br />Based on a controversial novel by Chuck Palanhiuk, Fight Club is a  relentlessly dark, tortuous journey of one man's self-discovery. Hoisted up  to greatness by Fincher's incredible vision and by career best performances  from both Norton and Pitt, it is one of those rare films that is quite  unlike anything that has preceded it. It is intelligent, funny,  ultra-violent, touching, repulsive, in equal measures: and, an  excruciatingly accurate study of maleness and virility to boot (which,  critics take heed, doesn't automatically make the film misogynist [in the  same way the human soap factor doesn't make it anti-Semitic]).  <br />Throw  aside your expectations, Fight Club is a modern masterpiece of the dark  fantastic.
B00004T8RK|3.0|More so than any album in recent memory, the new Pearl Jam album, \\"Binaural,\\" takes many listens to soak in.  The first time in my CD player, \\"Binaural\\" was confusing and uninteresting, and a disappointment.  But,   \\"Binaural\\" would not leave my conscience until I figured it out by  listening to the thing again and again.  And then, it all made sense what  Pearl Jam was trying to accomplish.<br />\\"Binaural\\" is a spacey, moody, and  untidy piece of music.  It is in stark contrast to their previous studio  album, \\"Yield,\\" a near masterpiece of great clarity and precision.  But,  contrast is what the what the band was looking for on \\"Binaural\\"<br />The  album is not about melody or songs, but atmosphere and texture, whether it  be as soft as feathers (\\"Sleight of Hand\\") or as hard as nails  (\\"Evacuation\\").  Even the most straightforward track, the single \\"Nothing  as it Seems,\\" is cloaked in wavering Neil Young-meets-Pink Floyd guitar and  echoed percussion.  This spacey quality can probably be attributed to new  producer Tchad Blake, was well as the band itself.<br />It must be said that  Pearl Jam have always been at their best when they are intensely focused.   Whether they concentrate primarily on power (\\"Not for You\\", \\"Do the  Evolution\\") or melody (\\"Wishlist\\", \\"Nothingman\\"), or meld the two together  (\\"Alive\\", \\"Daughter\\", \\"In Hiding\\"), their most rewarding work has come when  the band has had a distinct vision.  But, that doesn't mean that the hazy  collection of sound that is \\"Binaural\\" should be overlooked, or cast off as  a \\"dud.\\"<br />A comparison can be made to U2's \\"The Unforgettable Fire.\\"  In  the early `80s, U2 had made three anthemic, straightforward albums,  culminating in the classic \\"War.\\"  Wisely, the band decided that to  continue making albums like these would lead to a creative dead end.  So,  they brought in new producers Brian Eno and Daniel Lanios, and made a  moody, unfocused, atmospheric album.  It was not a critical success, as  everyone was confused by their new direction.  But, in hindsight, it was a  necessary progression of the band that made sense in the context of U2's  subsequent releases.<br />It is unlikely that Pearl Jam's career path will  mirror U2's (the follow up to \\"The Unforgettable Fire\\" was the  gazillion-selling \\"The Joshua Tree\\"). But as Pearl Jam releases new albums  in the future, some great and some not so great, it will become clear that  \\"Binaural\\" is the not the sound of the band playing to their strengths, but  instead, trying to find new ones.  \\"Binaural\\" is not a classic, but it is a  worthwhile sidetrack by a continually fascinating band.
B000002L73|4.0|On this 1984 release, the Ramones tried to reclaim their standing as punk originators; bands like Black Flag and the Dead Kennedys had usurped them somewhat. Here, the Ramones never sounded tougher, meaner, or more  disenchanted--songs like the title track and &quot;Mama's Boy&quot; are  growling, leather-clad masterpieces, far removed from &quot;Sheena is a  Punk Rocker&quot; but all the more convincing for that. Dee Dee's  shockingly ugly &quot;Wart Hog&quot; showed younger bands who could do  louder-faster-crazier best; spitting out rabid, anti-everything lyrics  (including some that are incredibly un-PC) that are almost unintelligible,  you believe Dee Dee when he gurgles &quot;It's a hopeless  void-oid-oid-oid!&quot;<br />Of course, the Ramones hadn't lost their touch  for pop-powered punk. The pro-pot &quot;Howling at the Moon&quot; is joyous  and invigorating; &quot;Daytime Dilemma&quot; is a hilarious slam at soap  operas. This is a good, mid-period album for a band that would suffer an  unfortunate eclipse in the 80s. Today, after they've broken up, it would be  a good idea for fair-weather Ramones fans to check this one out.
B00000J6AG|4.0|the good thing about Moby is that as he goes along in the song he keeps on adding new elements into the song. instead of just playing the same thing over and over for four minutes straight but he does use the same words  through out the song. but you don't really notice because he keeps on  adding to the music. if you like the songs they play on the radio you will  like the rest of his songs.
B000001ABD|5.0|For an artist to record so many albums have so many grammys and stay around so long is an amazing feat that few people have ever accomplished.  Although i was disappointed it didn't include &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot;  it is a perfect cd for any stevie fan.  my favorite songs consist of the  reggae style but he has so many types of music it is hard to choose.  Songs  such as &quot;Superstition&quot; and &quot;Boogie on Reggae Woman&quot; are  classics and the way his music inspires so many generations i can see he  will be around for many years to come.
0064407667|5.0|I thought this book was great!  I read it in one sitting.  At the end, I was very satisfied, and I ordered the rest of the seies, also.  Lemony Snicket is a very talented writer.  A the very beginning he caught my  attention with his use of definitions after unfamiliar vocabulary.  As many  reviewers said, &quot;an enjoyable read&quot;!
6300270424|4.0|Okay, now this video isn't a cinematographer's dream, but there is some really talented musicianship displayed in this video.<br />   First of all, Page pours out his heart and soul into his guitar on this film. I don't  know about you, but I've never seen anything like &quot;Since I've Been  Lovin' You&quot;. Before seeing this film I had never seen Zeppelin live, I  had only heard their Awesome albums. Page's blistering solos on this and  most other pieces blew me away!<br />    John Bonham played the drums like he  was on crystal meth at the time. There was one point in the movie were I  thought I had hit the fast-forward button on the remote. His speed is just  plain frightening.<br />    Plant and Jones also delivered good performances;  however, Robert Plant wasn't in top form on all of the songs.<br />    All in  all, this was a good film, Cheesy at times, but the footage of the concerts  was well worth it.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Well, Spears certainly has done it again, and very well, I might add. I don't think it is as good as the first album. There were quite a few good songs on that one, but this one only has a couple. Still, it is a great  album, so you should buy it. But, if you didn't like the first one, don't  even think about buying it.
B000001FSU|4.0|I'll admit that STATE OF EUPHORIA is no where near as good as albums such as PERSISTANCE OF TIME and STOMP 442, but one song makes it a damn good album. The name of the song is &quot;Antisocial&quot; .  &quot;Antisocial&quot; is a summary of what Anthrax songs should be. From  the heavy Scott Ian riffs to the melodic chant of Joey Belladonnas voice  &quot;Antisocial&quot; is a diamond in the ruff when it comes to STATE OF  EUPHORIA. But I wouldnt recomend buying the album unless you are a hardcore  Anthrax fan.
B000002JPA|5.0|The album that broke DT (sorta), and is considered by most to be their magnum opus. Indeed, it is one of the definitive progressive rock albums of the 90's, and one of Dream Theater's best. Awesome tracks abound include:  the Shakespheare influenced Pull Me Under, the Petrucci showpiece Take The  Time, and what is possibly the band's best song Metropolis Part 1, with  it's incredible &quot;locomotive&quot; guitar/drum riff. Of course, we  cannot leave out the epic closing track Learning To Live. I am of opinion  that their Scenes From A Memory album is more of a thrill ride from  beginning to end, but I &amp; W sure has it's moments, and is a lock for  their second best studio album.
B00003CX59|5.0|I am usually the only person who won't watch horror movies,but this was great! I liked how the plot was stretched and it wasn't boring like the disney version (which was okay,but predictable).I also like how Ichabod  Crane was more of a coward and not a super hero.If you haven't seen,rent  it!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink-182 have really outdone themselves on their most brilliant longplayer. They still have the same kind of song layout; melodic piano solo at the end of every song, catchy chorus (I guess this is growing up),  and smooth rolling vocals. I really don't like their videos, because their  music is really what turned me on to them. I mean come on, they're actually  trying to be punks, going on tour with Bad Religion and Fenix TX, plus  having the same old punk image. This album is one of my favorites, the best  songs being Going Away to College, Aliens Exist, and What's My Age Again?  (seriously). Aliens Exist is amazing when played live, plus having the  great line &quot;I'm not like you guys&quot;. What's My Age Again? has  great guitars, believe it or not, and great production on the CD. Going  Away to College is my personal favorite song on the CD, having fast paced  drumming, great opening guitars, and a really catchy vocal line for the  chorus. If you like this, check out any of Unwritten Law's CDs. If  listening to this makes me a non-punk, then so be it, but as long as the  music's good, I'll keep listening to sellouts.
B000002KHB|5.0|This is, (and with good reason) one of the classic hard rock albums of all-time. It contains such great songs and solos as Highway Star, Pictures of Home, Lazy, Space Truckin', and the legendary Smoke On The Water, which  contains what is by far the most famous guitar riff of all-time. If you  ever find a rock guitar player who doesn't know it, kindly ask them the  direction of the cave they've been living in since 1971. An essential album  for any hard rock collection.
3829008279|5.0|Though Persuasion is my sentimental favorite, I regard Emma as Austen's finest novel overall.  She is at the top of her game and everything works:  the dialogue, character development and, did I mention, the humor?  While  teaching Emma in my AP English class this year, I realized that many less  talented readers read right over the irony and scathing remarks.  Jane  Austen is so very funny that she makes better readers out of those who take  the time to read her carefully.  I have to admit that the movie version of  Emma with Emma Thompson is quite good and does the novel some justice.  It  also helps a first time Austen reader get a flavor for how things looked  and sounded in this time period.  If you haven't yet started to enjoy  Austen, pick up Emma and you won't be disappointed.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I thought this was a great CD. Of Course i loved Baby one More Time  and thought it couldn't be beat but Oops..I did it again was even better.It's slightly edgier than Baby One More Time but still has the slightly  bubblegum pop feel. Britney is a great singer and great performer. If you  liked Baby one more time you'll love this CD.
6304595247|4.0|Where can I find the soundtrack to this movie.  Was it ever even released.  Please e-mail me at Leon387@aol.com. I've searched the web and cannot find it, however I am a novice on the web. thank you.
B000002H2H|5.0|This is one of the best Metallica albums, behind only Master of Puppets and the self-titled \\"Black\\" album. \\"For Whom the Bell Tolls\\" and \\"Fade to Black\\" are two of their best songs, and there isn't a bad one. The songwriting is a HUGE leap over their debut, with some of their best lyrics, not to mention countless classic riffs and solos. This is a must-have.
0451526384|5.0|Many readers who start with Austen's longer, more complex works, quickly get overwhelmed and throw up their hands in frustration.  Persuasion is probably the most accessible of all of Austen's  novels and has one of the  most memorable love stories.  I'm actually glad that Austen, like  Shakespeare, has had a renaissance of sorts due to some pretty good movie  versions (this movie was not the finest, but at least it gives one a  flavor).  Emma is my personal favorite Austen movie (as well as one of my  favorite novels.)  Even less skillful readers will be drawn in my the  fairly straightforwards plot of Persuasion.  As a side benefit, all readers  will get a good taste of Austen's wit, humor and at times biting social  commentary.
B00000254Q|4.0|Dance Sister Dance: a perfect mix between a latin groove and a pop/rock song. The final part, which is played in double time, work toward a climax. Strange but effective contrast between slow and dreamy guitar lines and  cooking drums underneath. Santana's trademark sustained guitar note at the  end of his blends almost imperceptibly into Tom Coster's string part -  played on a vintage Solina of before the polyphonic synth era. Coster's  Minimoog lines - apparently influenced by Jan Hammer - are sparse (much  more so than on the live version on Moonflower) but very effective; the  keyboard playing is first rate on the whole album. Take Me With You is a  high energy jazzrock tune in 6/8 with a brief allusion to African 12/8  polyrhythmic bell patterns.  Wailing guitar and Hammond solos, followed by  an slower, cha cha-like epilogue which might be corny if it weren't for  Carlos' subtle guitar statements. Gitano is an Afro-Cuban tune with a  flamenco-like Spanish guitar intro (quite unlike the guitar playing in  Cuban son). Sounds pretty Cuban/Puerto Rican though once the main groove  starts, with authentic tumbao, anticipated bass timing, everything. Armando  Peraza has just the right voice for this kind of tune. Tell Me Are You  Tired is an uncharacteristic Santana song; again, a change of tempo in  midsong, kind of an in-the-pocket funk groove (with Hohner Clavinet). Great  jazzy Fender Rhodes solo by Coster. Europa hardly needs an introduction; a  classic instrumental in the tradition of Samba Pa Ti, but more smoothly  executed. More of Carlos' famous sustain. Finally, Let Me and Let It Shine  are entertaining tunes, but not much more than that. Still, there is so  much to enjoy in the other songs that they are sufficient to make the album  worthwhile.
0316777722|5.0|From the first essay, a particular favorite, to the last, with Me Talk Pretty One Day, David Sedaris proves once again that he is one of the most hilarious writers on the face of the planet.<br />His gift of expression  through the written word flows as freely and effortlessly out his pen and  across the page as the process of breathing is to the rest of us.<br />In \\"Go  Carolina\\" Sedaris tells the story of the lisping speech impediment he had  as a kid and is one of the best essays in this new collection.  It will  leave you rolling on the floor, doubled over in laughter!<br />If you're a bit  down in the dumps, depressed, or merely suffering from a slight case of the  blues, these marvelously observed stories and essays will put a smile back  on your face and make you forget why you were blue in the first place.<br />If  you've never experienced the humor and wit of David Sedaris, grab your  wallet, purse, or pocketbook, get out your credit card, and order up any or  all of his books - Barrel Fever, Naked, Holidays on Ice, or this wonderful  new collection, Me Talk Pretty One Day.  You won't be disappointed!
B000002H33|5.0|You can't go wrong with any Metallica album, but this one is definately top tier. Nearly every song is an absolute classic, including some of their best songs, Battery, the title track, Welcome Home (Sanitarium), and their  most underrated song ever, Damage Inc. If you are a Metallica fan and you  don't have this album it's a crime.
0553260111|5.0|Wow, yet again Ludlum has managed to keep me glued to the book, i could not put it down!  This is a fantastic story full of twists and surprises that keep you interested the whole time.  The main character Jason is  incredible but made even more real by the love of his life Marie.  I cant  wait to get hold of the next book in the series.  Dont start this book if  you have other things you need to get done, you will soon forget all about  them!
6305807043|2.0|I was so looking forward to seeing this film.  I agree with a previous review -- it starts off well, but collapses in the second half.<br />Story begins with much surrealism and bizzareness (such as the low offices on the  7 1/2 floor -- wedged between the 7th and 8th floors).  Some sharp witty  lines.  Cameron Diaz &quot;stretches&quot; and takes risks -- still  beautiful in her brown contact lens, frizzy wig, and lisp.<br />But the parts  of this film are greater than the whole, and despite good scenes, the last  half drags into a mundane politically correct story.
0767849493|4.0|I thought that this Religion Fancy movie was really good!  I made good sence and will make you think about your religion is many ways, although this movie is fiction.
B000002HK4|5.0|An album with 5 tracks that clocks in at a little under an hour? My kind of album. It starts off with the incredible title track, which is over twenty-three minutes long and includes lots of crunchy guitar and drums as well as pretty good lyrics. What follows is a collection of live covers. First off is Elton John's \\"Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding,\\" which is delicately beautiful and wouldn't have been a better showcase for the band's talents if they had written it. Next is Deep Purple's \\"Perfect Strangers,\\" another good piece, which leads to a Led Zeppelin medley featuring a drop-dead incredible \\"Achilles Last Stand\\" with the killer bassline intact. The show closes with \\"The Big Medley,\\" five songs in one including Pink Floyd's \\"In the Flesh?,\\" Kansas' \\"Carry On My Wayward Son,\\" Queen's \\"Bohemian Rhapsody,\\" and two more. It is an incredible piece. Albums like this are the reason I listen to music.
B00004T8RK|4.0|This album seems to herald a calmer Eddie. A more stable Eddie. That isn't a bad thing at all...just different.<br />I have to admit that I don't think the album is close to Ten or Vs but it is certainly better listening than  Yield or No Code.<br />Tracks 1 and 2 are great. Track 3, (evacuation), is  terrible. Track 4 thru 8 is exceptional and the remaining tracks are very  good. And really, thats not a bad hit rate at all. There are very few  albums which will have no bad songs. <br />My only problem with this album is  that it doesn't seems to hit that incredible emotion Vedder is renowned  for. Whether its Rearview mirror or Black or Garden...(there are too many  to list from the first 2 albums)...those songs evoked incredible emotions  and were sung with such passion it made PJ and Vedder one of the class  outfits of the music world. <br />I dunno, this album seemed to be lacking  that oompff and complete passion. Maybe I'm wrong, maybe it does strike a  chord with some people. I just can't see Vedder singing any of these songs  with as much gusto and feeling as say Jeremy or Porch like he did in MTV  Unplugged.<br />Anyway, that aside I think PJ deserve a huge wrap for being  able to continue being creative and experimenting with new sounds. (The  guitar riff in Nothing as it seems will blow you away ! ). <br />It is almost  as if Eddie has found some peace and has &quot;settled&quot; down a little.  But then, thats the great thing about PJ...they make albums which you buy  and don't know what you'll get until you crank it up on your stereo. <br />And  lets face it...no one likes a band who stands still and produces album  after album of the same material because it becomes monotomous. Well some  people do...its called techno lol.
B000002GVO|5.0|This CD has to be on the top ten list of every music critic's favorite album list.  Better yet, it should be number 1.  It's mixture of hard rock with country fell and ballads makes it a classic that will never be  forgotten.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I BOUGHT THIS CD WHICH HAPPENS TO BE THE FIRST SANTANA CD I'VE BOUGHT.  I LIKE ALL THE TRACKS ESPECIALLY BONUS TRACK-DAY OF CELEBRATION AND DO YOU LIKE THE WAY, VERY SOULFUL, R&amp; B SOUND WITH SOME RAP BY LAURYN HILL.   SANTANA'S CD HAS SOMETHING FOR JUST ABOUT EVERY KIND OF LISTENER, JAZZ,  RAP, R&amp;B, ROCK, ALTERNATIVE. AN ECLECTIC, JOY TO THE LISTENER.  THAT'S  WHY IT HAS SOLD OVER 10 MILLION COPIES.  IT HAS MASS APPEAL, A TRULY  SUPERNATURAL MASTERPIECE OF JOY.
B000002MFE|4.0|This is the best acoustic album I have ever heard. Some go as far as saying it's Eric Clapton's best album, and it is very good. \\"Layla\\" and \\"Old Love\\" have the best acoustic solos I've ever heard. Another good thing  about this album is that it mostly has songs that you  don't hear that often, making it worthwhile for any fan, especially as the better-known songs are also drastically reworked. Also included of course is the immortal \\"Tears in Heaven,\\" Clapton's touching tribute to his fallen son. This album is essential for all Clapton fans and many others.
B000005RFJ|5.0|My first experience with this masterpiece was on a vinyl record owned by (believe it or not) my father. I remember being almost afraid to listen to it. My fears were quickly extinguished after listening to the opening track  &quot;Sweet Leaf.&quot; I soon discovered that these guys were not  Satanists at all but moralists. Black Sabbath didn't tell the world to  &quot;kill yer cats&quot; but rather to &quot;show the world that love is  still alive.&quot; Just listen to &quot;After Forever&quot;, a sonic attack  on atheists and a song I'd like to force Jerry Fallwell to listen to. This  album mesmerized me,especially the vivid,apocalyptic &quot;Into The  Void.&quot; This album got me addicted to the sweet electric noise that is  heavy metal,and the remaster sounds fantastic! The liner notes are also an  insightful read. Black Sabbath deserve eternal respect.
6300246787|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was six years old.  Now I'm twelve.  I think that this movie is simply wonderful.  Back when I was six, and I saw this movie, I decided that Barbra Streisand was my idol.  And she is til this  very day.  The movie is beautiful, and has catchy songs.  Barbra had doubts  about the movie because she was young, but she didn't let that become an  obstacle.  This proves her to be the greatest Diva.  The characters are  very funny.  I would reccomend it to anyone.
0807126063|4.0|&quot;You know I can't stand books about the South,&quot; I growled when my friend handed me &quot;Dunces&quot; as reverently as though he were giving me Aladdin's lamp.  And indeed, I did always give up on books with a  Southern locale and cast of characters.  <br />Until this one.  It stands  apart in every respect from those depressing Southern books.  Written  in  sparkling modern prose, this is a serious book which is bursting with raw,  zany humor.  I didn't like the protagonist at first, but he grows on you.  Very much like the hero of the currently popular serious/funny novel here  on the West Coast, &quot;Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf&quot; by Asher  Brauner, which is not only a very good book but also small enough for you  to take along in your pack for a quick read on a plane or bus ride.
B00000IJPU|5.0|This (or the two-disc version) is the perfect Iron Maiden introduction. Almost every song you'd want is here (except \\"Iron Maiden\\" and \\"Icarus\\"), including several absolute classics, a few live  cuts, and a new song. As you might expect, though, the Bruce Dickinson material is excellent, but the latter day songs, especially the new song \\"Virus,\\" isn't nearly as good, and the ban'ds first era isn't even represented. Despite this, itis still the album to get if you want an introduction, because the sheer number of classics far outweighs the throwaways.
B000005DQR|5.0|stop torturing yourself with shadow-less-ness. one of my favorite albums of all time. some place it in the downtempo category, others call it hiphop in the purest sense of the world.. sampling that pays homage to what it  samples rather than lessening its impact. it touches my soul. it needs to  be heard.
6300246787|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was six years old.  Now I'm twelve.  I think that this movie is simply wonderful.  Back when I was six, and I saw this movie, I decided that Barbra Streisand was my idol.  And she is til this  very day.  The movie is beautiful, and has catchy songs.  The scenes are  beautiful, and Cornelious and Barnaby are hilarious.  Walter Matthau is the  usual grump, but that makes him even more delightful.  This movie deserves  more than a ten.
B000002L5I|5.0|I just saw the band play on Memorial Day Weekend, and they played many tunes off trouble is..., including true lies, somewhere,somehow, someway, I found love and of course, blue on black. Of his three CDs this one is my  favorite. I have seen many concerts in my day and this was definately one  of the best I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. Since the concert was  in Austin the crowd got to see Double Trouble play a song with the band at  the end. They played In 2 Deep, and the response was thrilling. If you  don't have trouble is...,you are missing out!
B00004LN16|5.0|Every couple of eons (or so it seems) AC/DC decided to bless us with a new album. Although not prolific (three studio albums in the last 10 years), their work is normally top-notch, and thankfully, Stiff Upper Lip is no  exception. Although, if you like one AC/DC song, you will pretty much like  them all, there is really a lot to like about this release. The best songs  include the title track, Meltdown, House of Jazz, Safe In NYC, Satellite  Blues, and Can't Stop Rock 'N' Roll. As usual, Angus opens up his seemingly  bottomless bag of awesome riffs, and is punctuated well by his brother on  rhythm, while everything else about the band is as it should be. On a bit  of a downnote though, it must be said that all the songs are short (indeed,  there is not a 5 minute song), and none of them have &quot;long&quot;  classic intros like say, Hells Bells. But the fact remains that this is a  new AC/DC album, and a fine one at that.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I thought that she did a great job on this CD.  I don't see anything wrong with it. She has come along way since her first album, and she is really showing her true talent at writing songs and producing them.  I am a  college student who usually doesn't listen to stuff like this, but her  album has got some great beats to it and it is really music that you can  dance too.
0451196716|4.0|Read the book and go beyond what's there on the page. For example: what the hell happened to the boy who chickened out so that our protagonist came into the picture? <br />What about thes soldiers doing the killing? Think  about Vietnam, for instance. Could you compare the situation?<br />And what  mother - what society - would send their boys off on the long walk?  <br />America? It's another metaphor for the (capitalist) rat-race we're  living.<br />QUESTION: has this book been turned into a movie yet?<br />Please  let me now.
0393317552|5.0|I just finished reading the book and found it well written and thought-provoking. Each chapter is laid out in well-organized manner and the narrative flows nicely from start to finish. The material has the  potential to be very dry, yet the author manages to sustain reader interest  throughout the book.<br />While readers will doubtlessly disagree with many of  the ideas that the author puts forth, they are presented with great clarity  and style. Like any well-written book, &quot;Guns, Germs and Steel&quot;  stimulates reflection upon the nature of mankind and the development of  societies around the world. <br />I am surprised at some of the reviews which  put forth the notion that the book is somehow &quot;anti-Western  Civilization.&quot;  As a student of history, I believe that one can learn  from many different perspectives and the examination of different societies  is not &quot;pro&quot; or &quot;anti&quot; anything.  The book presents a  lot of food for thought which the reader should find illuminating.
B000000OSG|5.0|This is not what one might expect from a G N'R album but very good nonetheless. Good songs abound:  \\"Civil War,\\" \\"Knockin' on Heaven's Door,\\" \\"Locomotive,\\" the hilarous \\"Get in the Ring,\\" etc. The songs aren't as hard-rocking as Appetite for Destruction's, but most  are a real showcase for Slash's guitar. This is another must-have.
B000006TG7|5.0|If you are an AC/DC/Bon Scott fan you MUST own this album. All the essential elements are here: Bon Scott's screechy, bluesy howl and Angus Young's screaming Gibson. Backed by a tight rhythm section including Angus'  brother and partner in crime Malcom, the band is at it's best on classics  like &quot;Whole Lotta Rosie&quot;, and the title track. No slight on Brian  Johnson, but this is AC/DC at it's best!  With Johnson, AC/DC have created  some great music, but you can't replace a legend.
0790736314|5.0|From beginning to end, this is the best horror film ever made. The story is chilling and REAL, maybe too real for alot of people. The performances are outstanding,especially JASON MILLER as FATHER KARRAS, still, in my  opinion, one of the greatest dramatic performances I have ever seen from a  &quot;Supporting&quot; actor. This film challenges you, shakes you to your  core, and will keep you awake for nights on end. It truly ranks up there  with the best films ever made for so many reasons. If you have an  opportunity to get the 25th ANNIVERSARY EDITION with the documentary at the  beginning, it is a keeper. It will lend insight into the making of such an  awe-inspiring film. Friedkin was a perfectionist, but it all paid off in  the end. Horror films have gotten progressively worse as the years have  worn on, maybe the reason is that they had this masterpiece as the  measuring stick.
B000006045|4.0|This album is a lot more dark and mysterious than their two previous releases, and I'm more attracted to this kind of sound that what they've produced in the past. Don't get me wrong, I love &quot;Unfinished  Sympathy&quot; and the cool vibes of their ballad &quot;Protection&quot;,  but something about the creepy mystique of &quot;Mezzanine&quot; makes me  want to listen more closely to the slow, synthesized harmonies and  sledgehammer beats. It has the flair of an understated party filled with  second-hand smoke and empty martini glasses.<br />It's cool and mellow with  the expected sensual ballads that Massive Attack produces with the greatest  of ease, but there's a blend of new voices, including Elizabeth Fraser from  the techno-pop group Cocteau Twins.<br />There are notable selections on this  CD that will stick with you the first time you listen to them. First and  foremost, the sultry tune titled &quot;Teardrop&quot;, Elizabeth Fraser  leading the way with her whispery, nymph-like vocals. Then there's the  laid-back instrumental &quot;Exchange&quot;, a electronic martini for the  soul with a cut from an old Isaac Hayes tune. You lay back and literally  &quot;chill&quot; when you listen to this tune. The brief reprisal at the  end features Robert Del Naja's nasal chords and jagged vibrato, the perfect  compliment to the heavy bass and whirling synthesizers. This is a highly  recommended album, even for skeptical MA fans. And for those that have  listened already, give it another shot. It will grow on you.
B00003003R|5.0|Finally, at long last, comes the long-awaited Guns N' Roses live album. In fact, this is the first new album of any kind in 6 years. So, pray tell, was it worth the wait? The answer to that question is a resounding... yes.  The song selection is generally good, (although I could've done without  Move To The City, and Civil War, Locomotive, and some more from UYI I  should've been included) and the performances are mostly different from  their studio counterparts, which is always a good thing on live albums, of  course. The three best performances are the 12+ minute November Rain, Sweet  Child O' Mine, and Patience, although most of the songs are worthwhile. Go  out and get this album now... you never know how long it will be before you  can get a chance to buy a new G N'R album. <br />Despite this album's  greatness it is really nothing more than an album released to tide the fans  over until the long-awaited (to put it quite considerably understated)  Chinese Democracy, much as the Spaghetti Incident? was before it. Now, this  is a great live document, I'm not denying that, it's just that us fans have  been waiting so long for new Guns material, and... well you know the  reasons. <br />As the first editorial review states, Guns N' Roses could sum  up their career with a lyric from Pretty Tied Up, although it's not the one  they cited. The real one is &quot;There was a rockin' band rolling down the  street, time went by and it became a joke&quot;.<br />On somethning of a  sidenote, I am wondering why a reviewer below is griping about Axl's use of  foul language on this album. Haven't you heard the other five albums? You  should be used to it by now.
B0000004WM|3.0|After the success off &quot;I Wanna Have Some Fun&quot; Samantha released this album in 1991. The first half is definitely very cool due to its dancey Full Force tracks. &quot;Pants Stay On&quot; is a thumper about not  having sex, which, ironically, is followed by a medley of disco classics  &quot;More, More, More&quot; &amp; &quot;Love To Love You Baby.&quot; The  medley is a great dance song and it's &quot;classic&quot; Sam. &quot;Don't  Wait Up&quot; is in the same vein as &quot;I Wanna Have Some Fun&quot; with  Sam telling her man that she's going out to have fun, but the beat is  different and the song is great for any club. &quot;Just One Night&quot; is  very slow, but the end is humorous with Sam talking with her man.  &quot;Pleasure Zone&quot; is a fan-favorite but I never really liked it,  it's very rock/dance which doesn't do much for me, but others may like it.  You also get the original version of &quot;Another Woman (Too Many  People)&quot; which is cute because Sam raps the verses in that cute  cockney way. The rest of the album lags off. They are all rock/pop except  for &quot;Saving It Up&quot; which would have fit in better at the  beginning of the CD. The reason for the first half being dance and the  second half being rock is because Sam's record company wanted another  &quot;I Wanna Have Some Fun&quot; and Sam wanted a more rock feel, and this  is what came out of their dispute - a so-so album.
B00001OH1S|4.0|This soundtrack fits the mood, sensuality, and atmosphere of this movie perfect.  Complex, emotional, diverse, sophisticated.  As mentioned above, it lacks several cuts from the film which was VERY disappointing.  I wore  out Henry Mancini's version of \\"Windmills...\\" on my record player  long ago.  Bright spot on this soundtrack is Wasip Diop's  \\"Everything\\" with a beautiful female vocal by Beth Hirsch  (Orton?)... I'm desperately searching for more from her...anyone help?  Is  this the gal from the UK who is 6' tall dark hair?  I'd like to find more  of her music to listen to.  I'm now collecting Wasip Diop!********UPDATE!*******  I found more from Beth Hirsch, she does amazing vocals on \\"You Make It Easy\\" by the French keyboard/techno band \\"Air\\".  She also has some acoustic solo albums that are nice.  Check her out! [...]
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is a great comeback and my album of the year candidate. The reason? Variety. It's hard to imagine a more diverse musical melting pot; there are even songs in two languages! Supernatural has long and short songs, instrumentals, a wide range of vocalists and percussion styles, and in what comes as no surprise, a wealth of great guitar. Besides the two radio anthems (the chant-along \\"Smooth\\" and the hauntingly beautiful \\"Put Your Lights On\\"), the standout tracks include \\"Love of My Life,\\" which, despite featuring Dave Matthews, whom I normally dislike, is one of the better tracks due to a long guitar solo. Also, there is the magical moment where Carlos Santana and Eric Clapton trade licks on \\"The Calling.\\" No matter what kind of music you like, there is probably something for you here.
0792844882|5.0|Of course, me being a huge Showgirls fan, was thrilled when the movie was released on DVD. Unfortunately, I didn't have a DVD Player. I got one and this DVD on the same day. The picture quality is superb, plus you also get  an excellent &quot;Making of Showgirls&quot; feature (with Liz B. saying,  &quot;Like Nomi, I can't survive without dance in my life&quot; *LOL* How  great is this?). You also get an awesome trailer which is very groovy. All  in all, if you're a fan of Showgirls, then by all means - buy this DVD - it  really helps further the viewing experience!
6300183971|3.0|was this incredible book ever concieved as a movie?  THere is too much intense detail that,t hough necessary in the book, becomes heavy and oppressive in the movie.  They tried to simplify the story without damaging  its thick and overpowering richness.  UNfortunately, they chose the wrong  way to do it.  As the movie opens with a mindboggling narration, which  should have been left out as it only serves to confuse the audience, you  get a sense that there is something dreadfully wrong with the movie.  THis  is only amplified when you start hearing the voice over intended to give  you a further insight inot the character's thoughts.  THese voice overs  became doubly confusing when half the characters are telepathic and you  can't tell whether they're talking to themselves or to each other.  It is  sad that such an epic story was mauled in such a manner.<br />However, I did  give the movie three stars for two reasons- the wonderful cast, and the  incredible environments.  Unfortunately, though the actors are all superb  many are wasted.  They appear only momentarily as if to say, &quot;Hi, I'm  here too,&quot; and then leave.  On the plus side, the environments are  fanatastic.  The emperor's throne room is a sight to be seen.  All of the  environments were constructed with painstaking detail.  And yet agian it is  sad since it all came to nothing due to the mishandling of the  plot.<br />Fortunately, this is not the last chapter of the DUNE saga, Sci-fi  channel is working on a miniseries( a format to which a novel like DUNE is  much better fitted ) due out this December.
B000002L5I|5.0|Only the allmighty Nevermind compares with this as the best album released thus far by a &quot;90's band&quot;. It's that good. Slow Ride has one of the best solos put down on tape in a long time, and Somehow, Somewhere...,  Everything Is Broken, Blue On Black, the title track, I Don't Live Today,  and practically every other song on here are great. Shepherd is the best  guitarist to come along since Slash. A must have.
B00000J7J4|3.0|With &quot;Supernatural,&quot; it is great to see the reemergence of Santana as a commercial force in music, as it has been long overdue. The hit song &quot;Smooth&quot; is a classic, and is surely one of the great  guitar tracks that Santana has ever recorded in the studio. On  &quot;Smooth,&quot; Rob Thomas also demonstrates that he is a force with  whom the public must reckon for years to come.   <br />However, this album is  not a REAL Santana album--it is a gathering of multi-platinum album-selling  friends from the recording industry that have been courteous enough to let  Santana play as a sideman on their songs, and then let him release the  results under his own name.  It is appalling that Santana's guitar, with  the exception of &quot;Smooth,&quot; is so far down in the mix.  &quot;Love  of My Life,&quot; with Dave Mathews, &quot;Do You Like It That Way,&quot;  with Lauryn Hill, and &quot;Wishing It Was,&quot; with Eagle-Eye Cherry are  much more indicative of the artistry of Santana's guests than of Santana  himself. In sum, buy this album if you like Santana's guests; otherwise,  look elsewhere. <br />A good Santana album to purchase--if you want to hear  Santana--is the live album &quot;Lotus.&quot; It is far superior to  &quot;Supernatural.&quot; Period.
B000000WFF|5.0|This album was great. I think that I'm the only guy in my class that owns this Cd, and am not ashamed to say it either. I was once in a record store, when I looked over at the new release section and seen the Spice Girls new CD. I was a Spice Girl fan when &quot;Spice&quot; came out, but then died  off, due to no releases. When I seen the new album, I basically, was like  &quot;oh wow, they have new CD out, good for them&quot; basically thinking  that my days as a Spice Girl fan was over. I went home that very same day,  and seen &quot;Spice Up Your Life&quot; on MTV, and loved it. I bought  &quot;Spiceworld&quot; two days later! What a great bargain! I ended up  having to buy the CD 4 times, cuz i ruined the other ones. I have a CD  tower, which I place my CD's from my favorite, to least favorite. Number 1  is &quot;Northern Star&quot; from Melanie C, followed by &quot;Spice  World&quot; from the Spice Gals! Later on in 1998, I bought there single  &quot;Goodbye&quot; which I hope is on the album that they are going to  release in fall. Speaking of which, will have the first single off of it  titled &quot;Let Love Lead The Way&quot; Well, there isn't much else to  say, except that Spiceworld with worth the $ you pay!
B000000P17|3.0|Nearly everywhere you look this album get horrible reviews. It's not great by any means, but it's a lot better than it's made out to be. There are some really good songs, namely Since I Don't Have You and Hair Of The Dog,  but there's some real filler too. I wouldn't say it's a must-have, but it's  worthwhile if you like the band. However, the fact that all the songs are  covers makes this album less of an accomplishment than it appears. It  appears on the surface to be something of a contract album, or more  accurately, something to tide the fans over until some new original G N'R  material was released. Problem is, it's been 7 years and we still haven't  seen any new material (aside from the dreadful Oh My God, the biggest  disappointment in music history aside from Van Halen 3), and they actually  had to release more holdover material in Live Era '87-'93.
B000000FG8|5.0|i say op ivy is up there on my greatest bands of all time list.  they have such positive messages.  i'm at a loss for words, this cd never gets old.  it means something.  if everybody in the world owned this cd, it would  definately be a better place.  you don't have to be &quot;punk&quot; to be  inspired by op ivy.  they're excellent musicians too.  later.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney's new album is good and bad. I think the best song on the album is &quot;Lucky&quot; It has a &quot;Stand By Me&quot; background beat, played with instruments, which I bet is excellent when preformed live. Although,  the songs are very good, &quot;Satisfaction(Can't Get No)&quot; was not the  best she could do with the song. If what I heard was the best, maybe it  would have been better if she didn't cover it at all. What astonished me  the most about the album is that it went platinum the first week of sales.  I knew it was gonna happen, but not in the first week. Congratulations to  you Britney, and make &quot;Lucky&quot; the next single!
B00000DCHI|5.0|I'm not the world's biggest Billy Joel fan by any means, but I know a good Greatest Hits compilation when I see one. This album has nearly all the Joel songs you'd want from this era (except Honesty, An Innocent Man and  Sometimes A Fantasy), and a lot more to boot. And yes, that does mean that  I don't really like a fair amount of the song. However, many of them are  excellent classics. Including my three favorite Joel songs Only The Good  Die Young, My Life, and You May Be Right. Other good ones are Moving Out  (Anthony's Song), Big Shot, It's Still Rock..., Piano Man, and several  others. If you have even a passing interest in Billy Joel's music you  should pick up this, one of the bestselling albums of all-time.
0553274503|5.0|Flowers for Algernon brings out the true spirit of humanity and its neverending quest for knowledge and learning. This story is told through fascinating journal entries submitted by a man named Charlie Gordan. These  accounts help to give the reader a more personal glimpse at the progress  and setbacks he suffers from. Romance is eventually entwined into the plot,  carefully drawing out emotions that Charlie has hidden all his life. This  novel delves into questions that many have wondered, but that no one has  proved: Is it possible to dramatically increase a person's intelligence? If  so, is it ethical? Full of subtle suspense and intertwined complexities, it  is an awe-inspiring read. It tugs at the heart strings and continues to do  so long after the last page has been turned!
B00002MZ2C|3.0|Take a band whose guitarist tries to duplicate drum machine scratches on his guitar and add that to lyrics about radical political beliefs and you have a recipe for disaster, right? Wrong. RATM's rebellion and passion for  their beliefs burns bright on Battle, with Zack De La Rocha rapping  (literally, almost) out brutal accusing lyrics and modern-day guitar hero  Tom Morello weaving his trademark style in and out of the music, and  occasionally letting it loose on a good solo (besides, the lyrics quote or  mention George Orwell 4 times, and some songs show that De La Rocha has  obviously read 1984). Highlights include Testify, Calm Like A Bomb, and  Guerrillo Radio.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is definitely Rage's best (and first).  Take my word for it and go buy it NOW.  It opens with bombtrack, one of the best songs on there then follows with killing in the name of.  Thats a cool song but just dont let  your parents listen to it.  Know your enemy and wake up are also awesome.   This cd rocks.  Tim Morello is amazing along with Zach de la Rocha's voice.   The drummer really brings out the bass (Tim Bob) well.  A must have.
B00000BKDX|5.0|This is generally considered to be one of the finest live albums ever (with good reason), and many will say it's Maiden's best album. However, few of the songs are radically different from their studio counterparts, so  what is it that makes this album so great? Simply that the songs are honed  to perfection. The performances are slick and tight, and include just the  right amount of crowd interaction. The interplay between guitarists Dave  Murray and Adrian Smith is more apparent here than anywhere else,  showcasing possibly the most underrated guitar double-punch in rock  history. Also, it is worth noting that Bruce Dickinson's booming operatic  voice actually holds up in concert, despite possible thoughts to the  contrary. Classic.
B00004RFCM|5.0|the DVD menu screens are well organized,  including descriptions and even previews of each episode.  Makes it very handy when you want to see that &quot;one&quot; episode again.  The DVD format is PERFECT for a compliation  like this.
B000000OTU|5.0|Big Ones is a collection of Aerosmith's Geffen era hits with two new songs and an outtake from Pump thrown in. Done With Mirrors is overlooked, but that's no big deal. Everything from harder rocking choices like \\"Eat The Rich\\" to the excellent new cut \\"Walk On Water\\" to great power ballads like \\"Angel,\\" \\"Cryin',\\" and \\"Crazy\\" to catchy poppish tunes such as \\"Dude (Looks Like a Lady),\\" \\"Rag Doll,\\" and \\"The Other Side\\" is here. In other words, there's something for all, and it's one of the better places to start buying Aero albums along with Greatest Hits and the notoriously overlooked Gems.
6300268993|4.0|Terriffic action-fantasy  continuing from where  the  first adventure  left-off. Part  Two jump's imediately into  action and  romance this  time  developing the  budding  relationship  between  Superman  and  Lois  Lane and  the  freeing  of  the  Phantom  Zone  Villans whom descend  to  earth  wreaking  havoc  and  mayhem led  by  General  Zod and co-hort's into  a  climactic  confrontation against  their  jailor Jor-el's son, Superman  in  a spectacular battle  above  and  on  the  street's  of Metropolis observed all the  while  by  Lex  Luthor promised personal-gain for  providing Superman's whereabout's by Zod. Big production value's and location setting's make this sequel a blockbuster winner. Excellent performances by cast Chris Reeve,Gene Hackman,Margot Kidder, Terence Stamp,Sarah Douglas &amp; Jack O'Halloron. Music score and sound effect's a letdown  as is nonexistent   extra featurette's on behind-the-scenes of the Making of ..... All-up clean picture in widescreen and  fun  entertainment the best sequel only  to  it's  big-daddy predecessor &quot;Superman-Special Edition&quot;. Must see for kid's and fan's alike
B000002B7W|4.0|This is an album to get if you are a fan of Ozzy Osbourne's first (and best) solo guitarist -- Randy Rhoads. Ozzzy, Randy, and the rest of the Blizzard of Oz-era band rip through a live set featuring their entire debut album, Black Sabbath classics, and others. Rhoads shines on practically every solo, including his unaccompanied one, and of course on \\"Crazy Train\\" and \\"Mr. Crowley.\\" This is a must-own for any Rhoads fan or any fan of great guitar playing.
B000031XCR|5.0|Yeah, I know. Celine's old classics are BREATHTAKING.<br />But the last 7 songs are here to represent Celine for the next 2 years. Let's go through them:<br />That's The Way It Is: Need I talk about this? <br />If Walls Could  Talk: one word: wow. my fav! <br />The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face: this  is soo much better than Roberta Flack!  mesmorizing.<br />All The Way: I don't  really care for this track.<br />Then You Look At Me: powerful, almost as good  as 'My Heart Will Go On'<br />I Want You To Need Me: her voice is  amazing! <br />Live For The One I Love: eh, ok<br />THIS CD IS GREAT!  It is  worth the price of 2! <br />     PEACE, y'all! :-)
B000001EC1|5.0|This is a good collection. Now, Bon Jovi isn't the greatest band in the world, I wouldn't buy a lot of their studio albums, but you shouldn't pass up an album like this that has pretty much all of their best songs on one  cd, including one of my favorites, Bad Medicine. If you are going to get  one Bon Jovi album make it this one.
B000002MY3|5.0|This CD is great!  None of these songs sound alike!  From the chilling &quot;Forgiven&quot;, the story of Catholic girls being told what to do and doing it, to the outrageously wacked &quot;Right Through You&quot; where  she sings &quot;Now that I'm Miss Thing/ Now that I'm a zillionaire/ You  scan the credits for you're name and wonder why its not there&quot; Alanis  seems to put a different side of her into each song, and it really sounds  awesome!  The best tracks are the ones that haven't been released publicly;  ie: Perfect (my fav) Mary Jane (heartwrenching) Forgiven (Gives me  shivers-the music and the words) Right Through You- (wow)<br />This CD is  worth every penny~ don't forget to listen for the a cappela song at the  VERY end of this CD...         PEACE y'all!
B000002GVO|5.0|We all know about this album, it's a classic. The track list reads like an Eagles greatest hits album: the legendary title track, Wasted Time, New Kid In Town, Life In The Fast Lane, Victim of Love, Try and Love Again, etc.  This is simply an album that everyone should own. You expect a lot out of  an album with three #1 singles, and this one delivers. While no other song  matches the brilliance of the title track, nearly all the songs are  classics.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|OK, I'll admit it. I got this CD purely because I heard &quot;The Animal Song&quot; on the radio. But when I popped this in my CD player, I got more than what I payed for. &quot;Affirmation&quot; was an excellent choice to  open up this CD. Every line starts with 'I believe that...' Plus, I like  the songs 'Hold Me', 'I Knew I Loved You', 'Crash And Burn' (my all time  FAV), 'The Animal Song', 'Two Beds And A Coffe Machine' (That song makes me  cry so hard)<br />This is a MUST buy if you are into pop-rock music. PEACE,  y'all!  :-)
B000002JOH|5.0|One of the best heavy metal albums of the 90's, up there with Metallica's Black Album, and Iron Maiden's Fear of The Dark. Good tracks abound include Walk (possibly the band's best song), Rise, Regular People (Conceit), and  Hollow. Dimebag (or Diamond as he was then known) Darrell's excels  throughout the album with viscious riffing and soloing, backed strongly by  his brother Vinnie Paul on drums. Phil has given up singing (something he  has since stuck with) in favor of a constant scream (except on the verses  of This Love and some of Hollow), that fits this kind of music rather well.  This is Pantera's best album.
B00000IACG|5.0|Every song is incredible. Fugazi remain one of the best bands ever.
B000002UEB|5.0|This is one of the landmark albums in the history of progressive metal. I didn't exactly know what to expect when I bought this album, as I had heard very little Queensryche in my lifetime, but I kept hearing nothing but  praise for this album, so I decided to buy it. Man, was I blown away! Geoff  Tate's vocals are incredible, as he delivers this album's conceptual story  with speed and precision. The story focuses on a disgruntled citizen who  decides not to accept his Reagen-era society and joins an underground  movement. During the course of his stay with them, he develops a  relationship with a woman, and is then told by the society that he must  kill here. He does so, and then reaches the point where he doesn't know  himself anymore. This is the main point of the story, but the album  comments on everything from love, drugs, prostitution, and politics  between. Besides Tate, you'll also hear some great guitar work from Chris  De Garmo and Michael Wilton, as well as occasional standout moments on bass  and drums. This is prog metal at it's best!
6304077955|5.0|One of my favorite movies. Despair, hate, violence, and trying to find out the meaning of life. David Thewlis does an incredible job as Johnny. Highly recommeded.
B000001EGE|5.0|Out of the Elton John albums that I've heard (and that's quite a few), this is my favorite besides Goodbye Yellow Brick Road (which is unsurpassable). Unlike pretty much every other EJ album, there is  absolutely no filler (besides the bonus track, an alternate speeded-up and  inferior version of Slave). In fact, every song is a winner. The opener  Honky Cat is great, as is the surprisingly cheerful I Think I'm Gonna Kill  Myself, and Mellow, Slave, and Salvation are excellent also. Of course, you  cannot forget Rocket Man, which is undoubtedly one of Elton's best ever  tracks. A must-own album.
1572522232|5.0|The best Argento film ever. Great gore and great spooky music.
B000009HF2|4.0|Hailed far and wide as the greatest live album ever released, Frampton Comes Alive! does not disappoint. While it isn't the &lt;i&gt;best&lt;/i&gt; ever, it is very good. There are several absolute  classics: Show Me The Way, Baby I Love Your Way, and the legendary Do You  Feel Like We Do?, with it's mastery voice-bag solo. Also included is the  very underrated song I'll Give You Money. If you like live albums, this  should be high on your list. On a sidenote though, don't get conned into  buying the two cd version of this like I did. It's the exact same, same  songs and everything, except it's spread out over two discs, and one of  them doesn't even have print on it!
B000002PB2|4.0|Don't Tell Me You Love Me still rocks my socks off. This talented band with songwriter and lead vocalist/bassist Jack Blades at the helm delivered a boat-load of great melodic rock during the 80's. This album has the great  Sing Me Away track plus, Night Ranger, Eddie's Comin' Out Tonight and Can't  Find Me a Thrill.<br />Definitely look to this album first, but keep going to  Midnight Madness and Night Ranger's Greatest Hits releases for more good  rock'n'roll. If you really like Night Ranger, try Hardline's Double Eclipse  or Michael Bolton's orginal rock'n'roll self-titled release with the track  Fool's Game. You'll be glad you did.
B000002H33|5.0|This is one of the best heavy metal albums ever.This album was made when Metallica albums were progressive and conceptual and every track was a masterpiece.You can't say that about Load or ReLoad.Battery is a fast paced  speed metal classic and the best track on the album.Master Of Puppets is an  awesome epic.The rest of the first side is great.Lepar Messiah is the only  avarage track.And Orion is one of the best metal instrumentals ever.This  album is rated up with Sgt. Peppers,Led Zeppin IV,Paranoid and  Nevermind.<br />Also Recomended:...And Justice For All &amp; The Black Album
B000002KOO|5.0|This is one of Fleetwood Mac's best, but Warner/Reprise should be mortified to butcher it the way they have. Compared with the care that has gone into the reissues of the Byrds' recordings and the Who's recordings,  this is an embarrassment. The sound is tinny and shrieky and makes the  listening experience unpleasant. Putting a disclaimer on the CD that its  &quot;high resolution reveals limitations in the master tape&quot; is  ridiculous. How about a reissue that gives Fleetwood Mac's fans sound  quality that this band deserves? This product does no justice to this  wonderful music.
B00003CWL5|1.0|I watch a movie for a number of reasons:<br />1. To be entertained<br />2. To grow emotionally and/or intellectually<br />3. To be challenged emotionally and/or intellectually<br />This movie does none of the above. <br />Why do I  dislike this move?<br />1. I cannot identify with any of the characters, since  they are all blatantly incompetent.<br />2. The depiction of innocence in the  movie is not believeable.<br />3. The premise of the movie is not fully  believable, due to the previous reasons.<br />4. The premise is also entirely  outdated. The realization that middle class people can get caught up in  seeking social status and their problems has already been played out way  too many times. <br />It was a waste of money at the movie theater, and it's a  waste of money on a vhs tape or dvd.
B000002NFM|5.0|One of the top 20 albums of the 90's, no doubt. American mainstream beware - this isn't the product of your holy, vaunted 'electronica movement,' it's futuristic genre-bending music from a modern compositional genius and some  crazy Brits. FOTL brings techno, hip-hop, rock, and breakbeats together  beautifully. Highlights - Diesel Power is a pounding track with the  inimitable Kool Keith on vocals, Mindfields is an exotic dance tune that  explodes into bass, Narayan is some psychedelic tripped-out ish, and  Climbatize is a soaring, trance-inducing instrumental backed by a powerful,  rolling beat. This is one of the few records of the late 90's that had  massive mainstream success but also deserved all of the hype it got.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is what music means. Moby manages through (really pretty sparse) beats and samples to evoke a whole range of emotions on this excellent CD. Bought it for &quot;Porcelain,&quot; which is excellent, but other  highlights include &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad,&quot; &quot;Natural  Blues,&quot; &quot;Bodyrock,&quot; the very beautiful &quot;My  Weakness,&quot; and I have to mention my personal amazola song, &quot;The  Sky Is Broken,&quot; which is basically Moby talking ina dark, moody voice  over a naked background beat that shows up once in a while to punctuate the  spooky darkness that Moby creates. Sounds like it should be in an episode  of the X-Files. Maybe it was and I missed it. After that, Moby basically  weeps through the music on &quot;My Weakness&quot; 'S a brilliant album.  Definitely reminds you that sure, you can sing along to Brittany, but real  music will evoke emotions in you. In this area Moby scores bigtime.
0790743132|1.0|I saw this old classic in my film class several years ago and since I am hearing impaired, I simply never had the chance to learn its story that seemed to hold the audience spellbound for several generations. So here I  just sat and stared as the dull b&amp;w scenes rolled slowly right by and  nothing much seemed to happen. But at least I recognized the famous scene  at the very ending where Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman turned to look  at each other by the plane - but that's all. Sorry, but it was a very very  bland experience for me as the deaf viewer.
B00004RFDW|5.0|For me, this film ranks up there with &quot;The Shawshank Redemption&quot;, &quot;Heat&quot;, and &quot;Casino&quot; as far leaving you just completely... satisfied (I guess that's the best word to  use)<br />Extremely suspenseful, with a few spots of humor, and a conflict  between characters unmatched in any other movie, this movie leaves a good  taste in your mouth.<br />Just a side-note - For someone who played &quot;Jack  Dalton&quot; on MacGuyver, Bruce McGill is a really cool actor: &quot;Wipe  that smirk off your face!&quot;<br />Not everybody will like this movie. But  if you want substance, story, and very believable characters, BUY, not  rent, &quot;The Insider.&quot;
6304119046|4.0|I saw this old classic produced by the extremely young Orson Welles (who was also famous for causing a big Mars-invasion scare back in 1938) in my film class years ago. Though I sluggishly waded through this seemingly  meaningless film, I was nevertheless quite impressed by the incredibly  elegant mansion that Mr. Kane once lived in. And then later on, I read the  script all about this movie. Thus I truly understood its contents as well  as the protrayal of the real-life William Rudolph Hearst behind it. In  addition, this old film was supposed to be a revolutionary of its time,  when very simple props were efficiently used to create utterly believable  settings as well as to tell a believable story about a certain gentleman of  the early 20th century.<br />This story all begun with an innocent little boy  playing on his sled in the snow during the 1870s or so as his stern-looking  mother patiently looked on. Then he grew up to become a newspaper emperor  and married a wife at the turn of the century, yet suffered from a very  loveless marriage. So he then courted a very pretty young girl who wanted  to be an opera singer, yet she simply did not prossess such talent or  skills. But Mr. Kane used his great influence and wealth to promote the  naive little girl into a very gaudy role complete with a real operahouse  and all. Unfortunately, the whole audience suffered from her terrible  voice, yet could not say anything about it lest they rouse the great Kane's  wrath. In addition, Mr. Kane built a very fancy palace for his young  mistress, who eventually could not stand his suffocating arrogance. So in  the very end, she simply packed up and walked right out, thus the very  furious old man really ripped up her room, destroying everything in  sight,...but the little old snowglobe that suddenly sent a nostalgic shard  right through his heart: a miniature setting of his childhood home. So - he  cried out the famous word, &quot;Rosebud&quot; before finally passing away.A very sad picture of a proud but unhappy man. <br />Though there are indeed  many viewers who may not get this old movie at all, yet it did inspire a  great deal on the future generations yet to come as well as the famous  painting, &quot;Scream&quot; does. For instance, Matt Groening, the creator  of &quot;The Simpsons&quot; makes a great many references to &quot;Citizen  Kane&quot; especially with Mr. Burns, the overaged, superrich old boss at  Homer Simpson's work. Now this is a good example of why this old flick  straight out of the WWII period continues to be one of the most acclaimed  movies of the 20th century.
0446310786|5.0|This book is awesome. I read it in my 7th grade english class, and we got into so many good discussions about it. It's very thoughtprovoking. Of course, it is possible to read this book straight through, and not think  about mockingbirds or anything like that, but if you read this book, you  must stop and think about how it affects your life, because it does. if you  think hard enough, you can think of so many people who bear a striking  resemblance to scout, jem, atticus, or tom
B000002N2P|3.0|This is one of my first CDs I bought for my CD collection, it was quite a while ago, and quite a while ago I used to like punk rock, but now I'm into bands like System Of A Down, Static-X, Deftones, Slipknot etc.  Don't get  me wrong it's a good CD, songs like Brat and Brainstew are great songs on  the CD.  But punk rock isn't my style of music anymore.  Punk rock fans  would like CD, though.
B000046PVN|4.0|Finally, someone's seen fit to release such long-overdue tracks as &quot;The Big Rescue,&quot; &quot;Lois and Clark,&quot; and the actual film version of the &quot;End Title&quot; sequence--music that's eluded  frustrated orchestral-soundtrack lovers for decades.<br />I can't say more  than what's already been said here many times over about the timelessness  and bravura tour-de-force of what's widely considered the best example of  John Williams'--and the London Symphony Orchestra's!--vast collection of  work.  &quot;The Big Rescue,&quot; for instance, is an absolute flawless  piece of composition and orchestration inextricably entwined with Richard  Donner's reverent and awe-filled lensing of Superman's spectacular maiden  appearance, aided immensely by Christopher Reeve's dead-on rendition of the  Man of Steel.<br />Producers Nick Redmond and Michael Matessino are to be  roundly applauded for their painstaking research and restoration efforts in  the face of neglected, deteriorating source tapes and--shockingly--  disposed-of original orchestrations.  (This is apparently why even John  Williams currently conducts a reconstructed version that's somewhat  unfaithful to the original, and a major reason John Debney's commendable  re-recording with the Royal Scottish Orchestra sounds just plain  different.)<br />However, here's the most minor of quibbles: Whatever happened  to the violins?  The high string section is distressingly absent or muted  from the entire soundtrack.  The original LP/CD release had muted strings  as well, but not to the extent as on the &quot;restored&quot; versions.   Proof of their existence rests in the original film tracks (on VHS or  cable), which feature bold violin glissandos somehow lost in the transition  to CD; ironically, Ken Thorne's adaptations for Superman II and III, as  well as several re-recordings, likewise highlight (to a fault) the high  strings.  Their disappointing exclusion (in addition to several  disappearances of oboeand English horn passages) spots a small blemish on  an otherwise excellent and highly commendable restoration.
B00002ZMNW|5.0|The direction is simply stunning.The director of Metallica's Cunning Stunts stretches more direction muscle here.The editing is also excellent.<br />Pros:<br />*It's a Metallica greatest hits concert!<br />*The San  Fransisco Symphony were amazing.I've never seen an orchestra play so  fast.<br />*The lights,editing,direction,effects and the whole setting in  general were brilliant.<br />*Jaymz' voice was so terrific.Sometimes deep(most  of the time),sometimes touching(Nothing Else Matters,No Leaf Clover) and  sometimes powerful(The Thing That Should Not Be,Master of  Puppets,-Human).<br />Cons:<br />*Why couldn't we see a lot of Jason in the  beginning of &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot;?<br />*&quot;Of Wolf And  Man&quot; shouldn't have been changed.It's the perfect Metallica  song.<br />*James still hasn't perfected the part &quot;sleep with one eye  open,gripping your pillow tight---exit:light,enter:night&quot;.It's not the  same as the original.In the original,the word &quot;light&quot; seems to be  extended,like this :&quot;Eeeeexit liiiiight!&quot;.<br />About the S&amp;M  documentary,it's outstanding.The pre-show and post-show doc's have always  been so much fun.<br />My advice: watch the documentary first and then the  concert. I regret watching the concert first. Don't make my mistake.<br />And  about the memorable moments in my review of the S&amp;M audio CD,I forgot  to add to them Lars' staggeringly fast rolls in &quot;Fuel&quot;,  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;, and a  lot others.<br />By the way, was it just me, or was James having a blast  performing &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot;? I like it when he  jumps.<br />Also, add to the phenomenal songs, &quot;Battery&quot;.  &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; and &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; were also very  cool.<br />By the way,I changed my mind:I think that Hammett's original  &quot;Of Wolf And Man&quot; solo was better than S&amp;M's.(I said the  opposite in my cd review)<br />If you ask me what's THE most memorable moment  of the concert,it's definitely that part of &quot;Of Wolf And Man&quot;  where James says &quot;...so seek the wolf in thyseeeeeeeeeeeelf!&quot;  with the symphony building up.And the best part in this part is Jason's  background scream.What a rush!<br />Bottom line:this is one unbelievable  epic.I can't recommend it higher.
B00004SCX6|2.0|I have to admit, this CD isn't as good as I thought it would be. It's MUCH better than the other on, ...baby one more time, but some of the songs are just really babyish although she states it's got a mature theme. I don't  think so. And she talks in the songs. Most of the songs are talking about  how great she is, like Oops I did it again, it sounds like she's really  great and so all these guys come after her, and she dumps all of them again  and again. All the songs are very concieted and immature.  This is just my  opinion, and if you think that's great, that's fine.  I didn't rate it a 1  stars, because i have to admit the improvement from last time.
B00000I3JO|5.0|Hats is the essential urban soundtrack. Their 1st release in 83, A Walk Across the Rooftops, in many ways seems accidental, gorgeous nonetheless, but lacking focus. This one is right on. And it's a classic. Through  ferries, trains, rainy streets and magazines, Paul Buchanan and co. explore  the melancholy of big city life. Remember how Manhattan by Woody Allen was  really about one guy's love afair with the city itself? The same applies  here. Paul sings about love lost (From a Late Night Train), a working man's  dream of escape (Over the Hillside), and other odes to modernity. But it's  his environment, the city itself where all these experiences begin and end  that resonates so. And besides all that, The Downtown Lights is absolutely  one of the most devestatingly beautiful tracks you will ever hear.
B00003Q43A|3.0|Sit back, turn off your brain and say &quot;woooo!&quot; when the effects start and you'll love this film right up to the final scenes, when the President makes his cheesy speech and whichever fools wrote this (they did  Godzilla too, didn't they?  'Nuff said really) decided to portray the  British as incompetent and waiting for the Americans to save the day.<br />And  then we come to the blatant Star Wars rip-off of an ending.  I sat in the  theatre and couldn't believe what I was seeing.  It was only missing a  bearded bloke saying &quot;You'll be required to pilot your fighters down  this trench and skim the surface to this point&quot;.<br />But if you ignore  these points the film is a half-decent, heavily overhyped B-movie.
B0000399WI|5.0|Yeah I know what you are saying, how can a movie that spends most of its time in a prison, and a corrupt prison at that, be uplifting?<br />Why because in this movie we see a simple theme, namely that the Human spirit can only  be torn down from the inside. Andy's spirit is kept alive and because of it  he does indeed survive.<br />The actors in this movie are great. Morgan  Freeman and Tm Robbins both do absolutely fantastic job.<br />I could  reccommend this movie if it was being sold for $40, but at $14 all I can  say is go pick it up right now.
020530902X|5.0|My favorite part of Strunk and White is in the last chapter:<br />&quot;No one can write decently who is distrustful of the reader's intelligence, or whose attitude is patronizing. ... It is now necessary to warn the  writer that his concern for the reader must be pure: he must sympathize  with the reader's plight (most readers are in trouble about half the  time) but never seek to know his wants. The whole duty of a writer is to  please and satisfy himself, and the true writer always plays to an  audience of one. Let him start sniffing the air, or glancing at the Trend  Machine, and he is as good as dead, although he may make a nice  living.&quot;
1558908498|3.0|The whole Sequels are worse than the original thread running through the movie. Also there are several very funny parts if you saw Scream.<br />The movie is scary, a decent slasher flick, but the best part of this movie is  that it doesn't seem to take itself seriously. Now it's nowhere near as  good as _Army of Darkness_ which is the ultimate self-mocking horror movie,  but it is still quite good.
B0000041TD|5.0|I am an opera singer and a fan of all Puccini's music. It is so life affirming- as is this Boheme! One of the best things about this recording is Karajan's conducting. His is a passionate and exciting Boheme. Even if  you were to say he goes to extremes (which I don't think he does!) isn't  that what the youthful exuberance of love is all about? When Pavarotti  sings that he loves Mimi above all else in the world (Ebbene no! Non lo so!  in the 3rd act w/Marcello) the orchestra just soars with the singer- not  over him. That brings us to Pav and Freni. These 2 childhood friends sing  with such beauty and passion! Only when your voice is trained to perfection  (as theirs were) can you really give voice completely to the music as  written. Nothing gets in the way. Harwood's Musetta is the best! She's  quirky but has such great control and pianissimos that it gives you chills!  Then when Ghiarov's Colline sings that low note as she enters on high! Ooh  la la! I could go on, but you must hear it to believe it. I really don't  think there will ever be another recording to compare. Especially since  Freni (whom I saved for last) IS Mimi. She has been hailed by critics and  colleagues as the ultimate Mimi. She is sweet, passionate, and sings to  perfection. There will never be another like her. I also recommend the  Madama Butterfly with Freni, Pavarotti and Karajan. Falling and love and  losing it is such an indispensable part of life- that is what has made this  opera an indispendable part of music and life itself!
B00001QEE5|3.0|Disney is definitely letting down the DVD communtiy compared to other companies. Aside from some artwork, this DVD has nothing else on it except the movie itself. Good heavens for the price Disney charges, there should  be a painted cell from the movie coming with the DVD.<br />The story itself is  a classic. The animation has not held up all that well, though I think some  of that has to be due to the introduction of computer animation. <br />None of  the songs are really noteworthy.
0767849493|5.0|Well, this movie was certainly interesting. There were many different points when I thought: &quot;Wow, this is really a great movie.&quot; And, it was. Very good. Sure, it poked fun at, like, everything in the Catholic  religion, but it was still really good. <br />Very, very funny. <br />What  happens is: Loki (Matt Damon) and Bartalby (Ben Affleck) play fallen angles  trying to get back into heaven. They have to get to a New Jersey church and  pass over the threshold to be clensed of their sins. Bethany (Linda  Fioentino) is the person &quot;chosen&quot; to stop them. She meets two  guys named Jay and Silent Bob who are unknowingly going to get her there.  On the way, she meets Rufus (Chris Rock) and The Muse (played by Salma  Hayak) who are also there to guide her. It really quite interesting....
6304711875|2.0|THis one is pretty decent. Ironically enough this series gets better through the sequels instead of worse. As a result this one is the _weak link_ in the Scream trilogy.<br />You probabbly will want to get this one if  you are collecting the series, but unless you are looking for a slasher  flick, it's currently not worth the cost.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is second only to Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club band. After listening to both of those albums, I realized that not only are the Beatles by far the greatest Rock band of all time but they are even greater musical  geniuses than the likes of Mozart and Beethoven. The incredible amount of  intricacy that one finds in these songs is unparalleled by anything you can  find anywhere else.<br />When it was released, Come Together was like nothing  else found anywhere in music. Take a look at everything released before  this album, nothing is even similar. Something and Here Comes the Sun are  absolutely the most beautiful pieces of music I have ever heard. I can't  say enough about how great this album is, and it still can't touch Sgt.  Pepper!
0790729989|3.0|A madman is on the loose, he is killing people in a sinister fashion. The city assigns two cops a older Black cop, and a white Hot shot cop. <br />The gist is that the murdering is killing each person to represent one of the  Seven deadly sins.<br />The movie was well filmed, and almost has a noir  felling about it.<br />The ending is truly disturbing I must warn you.<br />On to  the DVD itself. THe tranfer was done quite well. Sound is good. There are  effectively zero features. Yes there is a trailer and yes there is a Bio of  all the stars, but I really have begun to expect more from a DVD.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I am still amazed. It's more than one month I saw this film and I am still thinking of it. Part of its lyrical context, part of its splendid cast, part of its splendid screenplay... I wish i could give it 10 stars... It's  what a call a true movie. People feel, wish , talk... The most eatiful talk  is when Julianne Morre is at the chermistry and say some trues about the  death... Some trues to never be forgotten...
B00000JL86|5.0|Now I know just as many others here have said that the Anastasia of real life never had the story that we have here, at least so we think.<br />That's the fun of an unsolved mystery, you can make up the what if's.<br />And so  that is what we have here, A what if scenario given life by Twentieth  century Fox and Don Bluth. And what a wonderful little story they tell. It  is of a young woman who looks very much like Anastasia, but cannot remember  her childhood. Will her seach for discovery lead her to finding that she is  indeed the Princess Anastasia? Or will her hopes of finding a family be  dashed in Paris? So we have as this story unfolds one of the first, if not  the first, animated Movie that is aimed squarely at not only children but  their parents as well. The addition of Bartok and Rasputin are definite  adds for Children, but the rest of the Movie plays like a very nice  romantic comedy.<br />The animation is top notch, in fact after seeing this  movie again, after recently having seen _Tarzan_ made me realize how good  the animation really is. Personal tastes may vary, but I find the animation  much better than most of Disney's work.<br />The voice acting is very good.  Meg Ryan plays the role of Anastasia, and John Cusak plays the role of  Dimitri.<br />The music is very good as well, and while they are not as  memorable as _The Little Mermaid_ or _Beauty and the Beast_, they are still  very good. <br />As far as the DVD is concerned, I think Disney could learn a  lot from Fox Video. We have a Making of documentary, a little featurette,  the standard trailer stuff, and then two Sing-a-long songs that will  definitely appear to the younger audience.<br />If you are looking upon  building a DVD library, especially if you have Kids or like animation, then  this is a cannot miss purchase.
B00003CX95|5.0|Braveheart is the touching story of how a man who wanted only to raise a family became a legend by paving the way to freedom for his countrymen. The movie is over three hours long, but not a bit of it is boring. You'll see  how his patriotic father died while fighting in a failed uprising against  the English, how he was raised by his uncle Argyle, who tutored him in  Latin and French, how he went home and married, and how he eventually  turned a quest for revenge for his wife into a mission to lead his people  to freedom. You'll probably even drop a tear at his execution, where he  sacrificed his body to save his soul by refusing to beg for mercy.  Braveheart portrays William Wallace as the perfect martyr.<br />Whether you're  a fan of history (although not completely accurate), love stories, human  perspectives, or simply gory battle scenes (although they are not  glorified; the emotions and human aspects are much more important),  Braveheart is simply a must-see.<br />Hell, watch it even if you're not a fan  of those things.
6304806434|4.0|Con Air is the story of a group of prisoners who take over a plane on which carries only convicts. This movie is well acted, especially John Malkovich who portrays Cyrus &quot;The Virus&quot; Grissom. John Cusak, and  Simon west also do good jobs. In fact the only person who does a less than  stellar job is Nicolas Cage, but that may be for his atrocious southern  accent.<br />The special effects are great. The sound is good. In genral it is  a good movie both as a story and in production values.<br />The DVD transfer  is clean and visually appealing.
6302797586|5.0|To see the movie is to see the horror this world can do.  It puts in full view the goings on at a time when most of the world sat with eyes hidden.  I feel this should be required viewing in all history classes.
0782008372|1.0|FIrst off let me tell you that I love the movie. I bought it when it was just availabl in pan and scan, I then bought the VHS letterbox, and now I bought this one.<br />This is an atrocious transfer. On my dinky 26 inch TV I  feel like I can count the Pixels being used. The sound is not much better,  I have to remember to turn the sound down after watching it, lest I blast  myself out on the next video I watch, or CD I listen to.
0380730405|5.0|Rebecca is an incredable book! Every character is intricately created, making this book even better!  During the time I was reading the beginning of the book, I found myself wishing I was like Rebecca...beautiful, clever,  intelligent, adored by everyone...I later was glad that I'm not just like  her. I found myself feeling sorry for Maxim (with all that he went through  with her). I can sort of relate to him. I know people who are manipulative  like HER and I know what he had to put up with...it is not pleasant! This  is the best book in the world (almost). You just CAN'T not read it!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Oops I did it agian is the best album ever much better than ...Baby one more timeIt's way more mature than the last album I was so excited i cold'nt sleep on may 15 2000 i ditched school to buy it i got at the music store right at 8:00 in the morining if you buy ths album you wont regret it . . .
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album will go down as Metallica's greatest album since the famed &quot;Black Album&quot;. This CD entitled S &amp; M(Symphony and Metallica) has taken the greatest hits album to another level. The innovation of  preforming a greatest hits album live with the San Francisco Syphony is  astounding. Leave it to Metallica to give the fans what they want.  Something different, and that is definately what S &amp; M offers,  something different.<br />Just listen to One or No Leaf Clover. You will think  that they played it in a sound studio and inserted croud noise at the slow  parts. James' vocals have really improved over the past several years.  Instead of battling with the guitar, he takes over and brings you into the  songs.<br />The Symphony really steps up to bring something powerful to you  old favorites like Enter Sandman. Lars plays his heart out on the drums. He  gives the most outstanding performance of the album. His drums combined  with Jason's bass and Kirk's leads blend perfectly with the symphony to  give a feel of astonishment to all that listen. You will not believe that  that many people could preform so well live.<br />If you are a classic  Metallica fan or a new one, or a classical music fan for that matter, get  this album now. It is a must have. The album has two new tracks along with  Metallica's classics. If you havent heard No Leaf Clover then you are  really missing out because it is some of the best stuff Metallica has ever  come up with. <br />     There has been some controversy over Metallica suing  Napster as of late. I feel some of the negative customer reviews on this  site are from people who have never heard the album and are upset with  Metallica for suing Napster. Well, you shouldn't let a law suit make you  miss out on such a great album such as this one. If you don't get this  album, you'll really miss out on something special. This album is so  powerful it can stur you emotions and still gives you all the heart  pounding riffsthat make Metallica famous in the first place.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a great book to read no matter what age you are.  I read this book in my 6th grade English class and I loved it.  We had been reading books all year in there, and when we got to this book, my friends and I never complained about having to read it.  We all loved it, and most of us  even have read it again in our spare time.  Everyone in my class (not just  my friends) said after that year of reading that this was by far the best  book we had read.  It had great suspense and a amazing plot.  I read  science fiction books like this all the time now.  I am now in 7th grade,  and all of my friends and I keep asking our teacher if we can read a book  just like The Giver.  I think anyone could really enjoy this book.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album will go down as Metallica's greatest album since the famed &quot;Black Album&quot;. This CD entitled S &amp; M(Symphony and Metallica) has taken the greatest hits album to another level. The innovation of preforming a greatest hits album live with the San Francisco Syphony is  astounding. Leave it to Metallica to give the fans what they want.  Something different, and that is definately what S &amp; M offers,  something different.<br />Just listen to One or No Leaf Clover. You will think  that they played it in a sound studio and inserted croud noise at the slow  parts. James' vocals have really improved over the past several years.  Instead of battling with the guitar, he takes over and brings you into the  songs.<br />The Symphony really steps up to bring something powerful to you  old favorites like Enter Sandman. Lars plays his heart out on the drums. He  gives the most outstanding performance of the album. His drums combined  with Jason's bass and Kirk's leads blend perfectly with the symphony to  give a feel of astonishment to all that listen. You will not believe that  that many people could preform so well live.<br />If you are a classic  Metallica fan or a new one, or a classical music fan for that matter, get  this album now. It is a must have. The album has two new tracks along with  Metallica's classics. If you havent heard No Leaf Clover then you are  really missing out because it is some of the best stuff Metallica has ever  come up with. <br />...If you don't get this  album, you'll really miss out on something special. This album is so  powerful it can stur you emotions and still gives you all the heart  pounding riffs that make Metallica famous in the first place.
B00004T9UF|5.0|The new cd by rapper Eminem, &quot;Marshal Mathers LP&quot; is much better then then &quot;Slim Shady LP&quot;, which says a lot.  Every single track on the cd is very good except for one song by D-12.  The song writing is  amazing especially on songs like &quot;Who Knew&quot;, &quot;Stan&quot;,  and &quot;Kim&quot;.  First must buy cd of the summer.  get it....NOW!  By  the way, Real Slim Shady is not near the best song on the cd....that says a  lot as well.  peace
0425129586|5.0|It was a great novel. It got me thinking and wondering who the murder could possably be. The ending is execlent and leaves you craving for more.
B000023VR6|5.0|wow...thats a pretty good word to sum this cd up.  You wont need to press the skip track on your discman when 2001 is in there.  You've heard forgot about dre...you like that...every track on this cd is for you.  Snoop makes  some amazing camios.  &quot;HEY..HEY&quot;  Next episode of off the hook.   im out...peace
0385484518|4.0|Last year I met someone who was almost 40 years older than me and we quickly became friends.  I learned a lot about life and myself by talking with him, and I saw him as my mentor.  I respected and admired him greatly.  However I did not know why he would choose to be friend with me, since  there seemed to be nothing that I could teach him.  Somehow I fell in love  with him, and I lost all the benifit of having a mentor.  Our relationship  had been very difficult.  As I was trying to put him back to be my mentor,  my friend recommended this book to me.  I read it slowly in a few days.  A  lot of the things in the book reminded me of my relationship, especially  the first hug and the tears.  Now I could appreciate the book from both the  young man and the old man's points of view.  And this book helped me  understand my old friend better.<br />Besides, there are some very touching  lessons I have learned from Morrie.  The most important lesson is love.  Love is a simple word, and is a simple lesson that we are forced to learn  over and over again, yet we tend to ignore it or forget how important it  is.  It is difficult to fully understand love and act on it.  Morrie had  given us some good lessons before he died.  He wasn't trying to sell  anything or get anything from teaching us.  He did it for love.  It really  made me start thinking about it seriously.  Another important issue is to  learn how to live by learning how to die.  That's all I have to say about  this book.
630575067X|3.0|I think not releasing this on DVD but on VHS was a BAD marketing move - and what's the deal anyway?  Where's all the Indy flicks too!  I'm not buying any LucasFilm/LucasArts DVD's until they treat DVD owner's  fairly!<br />Here we are - going out on a limb supporting a new technology -  and a big company like LucasFilm won't release stuff on DVD!  Give me a  break!
B00004SCX6|1.0|This album sounds like a copy of the first one. Her first egotistical track sounds like &quot;baby one more time&quot; ms. Spears' voice annoys me  i predict that after awile her fans (mostly male) will get tired of her  (just like i have) Eminem was right she can't sing. waste your money if you  want but i don't reccomend this album to anyone.
0399128964|5.0|Hi, my name's Ethan and I've read all six of Frank Herbert's Dune novels.  I've had to do a lot of reading since I was a kid (my Father being an English teacher and all), but nothing I've read has ever compared to Dune.   The only set of books that have ever come remotely close to the scope and  drama involved in the Dune series is The Lord of the Rings (excellent  historical background and plenty of action and suspense, but no where near  as much intellecutal intrigue as Dune).  If you haven't bought Dune yet...  I don't know what's wrong with you.  You have to read this book--it's the  epitome of entertainment.  As for the rest of Frank Herbert's Dune series,  those books will change the way you think about life.  Have fun.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is a pretty good album. he pushes freedom of speech to the limit on this one. Very entertaining and he's not afraid to diss anyone. I listened to it and i laughed till i cried. He's mad funny.
0452282195|4.0|It's interesting that Toni Morrison's afterward claims that this story lacked structure.  I was introduced to Toni Morrison -- her powerful stories and skillful prose -- through &quot;The Bluest Eye&quot; during a  freshman writing composition course in 1981. Her writing exemplifies an  author who has found her voice.  Since then, I have read all that she has  published and still the images and tone communicated in this novel remain  fresh in my mind.
6300216802|3.0|This movie has been heavily criticized over the years by fans and even by the people who created and starred in it, but &quot;Star Trek: The Motion Picture&quot; does have it's strong points.  The first half of the movie is  actually pretty good.  The story is interesting and the characters have  things to do.  But the second half of the film is really slow and boring.   Talk, talk, talk.  This is the part where the Enterprise discovers the  V'Ger system.  During this segment, Spock even has a brief scene where he  cries over V'Ger!   Oh, brother.  So, in rating &quot;Star Trek: The Motion  Picture&quot;, I'd give the 1st half an A-, the 2nd half a C-, for an  overall grade of B-.
B000020617|5.0|This is truly a great rock album !  I bought this CD on the strength of &quot;Learn To Fly&quot;, and &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; . They really blew me away with the latter tracks raw, edgy sound. Yet &quot;Learn To  Fly&quot; has this sweet catchy feel. On the first day I bought this CD I  couldn't get past &quot;Aurora&quot;. I recently read a interview with Dave  Grohl who when asked &quot;What song are you most proud of on this record  ?&quot; he replied &quot;Aurora&quot;. And I can see why !  This CD is  strong all the way through with &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot;,  &quot;Generator&quot; , &quot;Headwires&quot; and &quot;Ain't It The  Life&quot; making this CD one great ride !  Although, it's not as angry as  their previous albums it's a progression that will lead to a greater  audience without losing it's identity and uniqueness.
6304117752|5.0|I love this movie.  It is such a classic that it's hard to put into words.  The love story is amazing and Julie Andrews is fantastic.  I remember being in love with Christopher Plummer after seeing this for the first  time.  The only problem that I have with it is that the studio hasn't  released an edition of it in a really long time.  Now, the only possible  way for me to get my hands on one is through those online auctions, which  are so un-reliable.  There is always going to be an audience for this  movie, why can't Twentieth Century Fox just release it!
B00004T9UF|5.0|I recently bought this cd expecting it to have a few good songs, but not many. Boy was I wrong!This cd was full of good songs from start to finsish. Even if you don't like the lyrics the beats are great!
B000003S0P|5.0|Chert, Diablo, King Crimson -- the Devil has as many names as there are languages.  An album that makes you plunge several circles into Hell and leaves you there.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|Minor Earth/Major Sky has all of the intensity and moodiness of &quot;Memorial Beach&quot; and &quot;East of the Sun, West of the Moon&quot; but with a cohesiveness that the previous albums didn't quite  achieve.... Paul and Magne still remain two of the strongest -- and most  undervalued -- songwriters of our generation, with deceptively simple  lyrics imbedded in complex and moving musical arrangements, and Morten, of  course, is an undeniably gifted singer.<br />And as I inevitably do with every  a-ha album, I've found one particular track to listen to obsessively;  &quot;The Sun Never Shone That Day&quot; has been on &quot;repeat&quot; on  my CD player for two days straight.... That song alone was worth the price  of an import album.
B00000I07R|5.0|Bon Jovi were on the verge of terminally languishing in the almost-great league at the end of the 80's, until this excellent record launched them into the rock-stratosphere.  <br />Softer than heavy metal, harder than most  AOR, Bon Jovi turned their large air-punching-rock skills (of &quot;Living  On A Prayer&quot;, &quot;Bad Medecine&quot; etc etc) to producing an album  of powerful, mature and strong songs, from the building, driving opening  combo of &quot;I Believe&quot; &amp; &quot;Keep The Faith&quot; to the  tender &quot;Bed Of Roses&quot;. The mamoth &quot;Dry County&quot; (at ten  minutes) is a classic which many thought Bon Jovi just couldn't make. The  strength of the singles is enough to commend this album, but the album  tracks shine too.<br />Richie Sambora (responsible for some of the best  air-guitar fodder) displays a new depth and soleful-ness to his playing,  further evidenced on his solo albums. Tico Torres is more powerful than  before, and with production that is a fine line between polish and grit,  the sound is convincing.<br />As an album there are only a couple of tracks  that don't measure up and the album lacks the hunger and raw energy of  &quot;Slippery When Wet&quot; or (the under-rated) &quot;New Jersey&quot;,  but it is a more complete album and is better equipped to withstand the  test of time than it's predecessors.<br />This is a journey almost into  Aerosmith territory (on a soft day), and Bon Jovi get away with all limbs  intact...
B000020617|5.0|WHY DIDN'T I DISCOVER THE FOO FIGHTERS EARLIER?  Bought their CD last week and I've already heard it over a hundred times. After listening to the endless whine and self-righteousness of contemporary rock singers, the  assertiveness and conviction of Grohl's delivery should make anyone a  believer in Fighters' durability on the rock scene. Their songs on this  album range from the melodius &quot;Ain't it the life&quot; to the grungy  &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot;. Though both &quot;Breakout&quot; and  &quot;Learn to fly&quot; both have earned deservedly obscene amounts of  Radio and TV time, one of the hidden gems is  &quot;Generator&quot;....leaving the oft-used talk-box gimmick aside, the  lyrics truly convey a dismissivenss that belies enormous sadness.  &quot;Aurora&quot; is eminently passable, with lame lyrics and music. Too  much melody could be a bad thing!  Being a Nirvana fan, I was keenly  listening to this album (my first by Foo Fighters) for echoes of Nirvana.  To be honest, I jumped out my seat during &quot;Breakout&quot; where Grohl  sounded eerily like Cobain (the screaming parts esp.) Other than that, I  think Grohl has done a remarkable job trying to distance himself from the  Nirvana label and offered a fresh new view at angst, sorrow and letting go.  Enjoy!
B00003652R|4.0|An album more famous for it's great single &quot;Kayleigh&quot; than as an album, which is a shame. A fine blend of stylised metal and progressive rock, Marillion conjure up a sound which is unusual, but strangely  listenable. Not as inaccessible as Yes, but progressive enough to remain  interesting, with some great toe-tapping moments and air-guitar  opportunities (like the excellent soloing in &quot;Kayleigh&quot; and  &quot;Heart of Lothian&quot;).<br />The album is in two halves (ie two long  tracks, sub divided into songs) which at times feels contrived, and not as  smooth as (say) Pink Floyd or Yes (who are the masters of  two-track-albums), but does lend a feeling of coherency to the album and  hangs the reciprocating themes together. It does benefit to being listened  to in one go, preferably with the lights down... then the whole thing makes  a lot more sense. The production is clear and taut, hiding the albums age  (15 yrs now!) extremely well.<br />If you like rock, but want to dabble in the  dark waters of progressive, this is a great place to start.
B000003CKH|5.0|Cake has 4 albums under their belt, and they continue to be one of the most unique alt. rock acts around (even if you can call them alternative), but Fashion Nugget still remains their most accessable album.  It starts out with the upbeat &quot;Frank Sinatra&quot; and then to the pounding &quot;The Distance&quot;, and to &quot;Friend is a Four Letter Word&quot; and &quot;Open Book&quot; which are mellow songs, with some great groove, due to Greg Brown's great playing skills.  Other mentionables is the cover of &quot;I Will Survive,&quot; the country-esque &quot;Stickshifts and Safteybelts,&quot; (really fun song, trust me) and my personal favorite of the album, &quot;Nugget,&quot; which is probably the song that got the album a parental advisory, but the groove on this song is UNBELIEVEABLE.  It's one of those songs that pump you up and make you feel like you're in control.<br />That being, you MUST go and buy this album.  Now.
B000002GGU|4.0|Despite it's age and 1980's AOR image, this album still has a lot to offer. Memorable for it's singles rather than as an album, it's worth has been perhaps dimished by the plethora of &quot;best of's...&quot; both of  Adams, and of the 80's themselves, on which the singles feature  strongly.<br />That said, rock was never more radio-friendly than this, and  marked the refinement of the American-rock sound spawned by Bob  Clearmountain, RJ &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange and Bob Rock.  Perennial  favourites such as &quot;Summer of '69&quot;, &quot;Heaven&quot; &amp;  &quot;Run To You&quot; will be around for a long time yet... worth adding  to you collection.
B000002HPV|4.0|This is an extremely emotional CD. If you don't have this thing, maybe you're dead. Everything is said about this great and beautiful woman. I just want to state that ALL IS FULL OF LOVE is one of the most beautiful  songs ever written. I thought those guys that did STIGMATA would use it fr  a great love secuence, but they didn't. Dammit. Listen to it and try not to  cry.
B00000DQSV|4.0|Duran Duran, whilst responsible for most of the soundtrack to the 1980's have sadly recently fallen from their previously monumental world-beating status. That aside, this is a deceptively good album - the tracks share a  high quality throughout which was not always a DD trait. &quot;A Matter Of  Feeling&quot; shines out as a particular highlight - and is DD's best-ever  ballad, much better than the over-played &quot;Save A Prayer&quot;.<br />This  is the 1987 reduced line-up of LeBon, Taylor (John) and Nick Rhodes, with  great support from Warren Cuccurillo (later to become a full member) and  superb drumming from one of the best session-drummers in the world, Steve  Ferrone (see the credits on albums by Eric Clapton, Aerosmith, Rolling  Stones, Madonna....). The feel is dark, funky, and moody.<br />What really  makes the album shine though, is the production by Nile Rodgers - there is  a clarity (especially to the bass and drums), crispness, and yet sinister  reverb to the album, lending it a feeling of depth, and weight.<br />Not as  up-beat or life-changing as &quot;Rio&quot; (their best) but a worthy  addition to any Duran Duran fan's collection. Their live shows are  definitely still worth it you get the chance....
B000007OY0|5.0|if u havent seen this movie yet,i dont know what to tell u !  this is a great movie,about life in prison ,and adapting to it.this movie failed to win the best piture oscar in 1994,which forrest gump won,this was one of  the biggest oscar misses in history. this movie is concidered to be a drama  movie,but for me it is thriller,cause ive neveer been such thrilled. HIGHLY  RECOMENDED.
B000000OQF|5.0|Guns &amp; Roses exploded on to the world stage in 1986/7 with this rock-monolith. Every track is aggression and angst filled long before grunge gave us the same anthems. The combination of sheer awesome savagery  in playing, singing and production is breathtaking even today, 14 years  later and it still makes the spine tingle. That unmistakable G'n'R sound  has been often immitated, but here it still sounds fresh - sharp, taut and  yet gloriously sleazy at the same time.<br />Despite their young age when they  recorded this, this is a serious piece of mature metal-hardware - like Dr  Frankenstein, it's unlikely they knew exactly what they were creating...  and they created a masterpiece.<br />Everyone knows that &quot;Paradise&quot;,  &quot;Jungle&quot; and &quot;Sweet Child&quot; are fantastic, but what are  often overlooked are the remaining tracks, most of which are equally good.  If an album is judged worthy by how many bands it's influenced, styles it  created or air-guitarists it inspired, then this is certainly a  masterpiece. Rock was never the same.  The Illusion albums tried (perhaps  too hard?) to equal this historic slab of metal, but not even it's creators  could match the original and best.<br />The best metal album ever. No  argument.
B00004SST6|5.0|This album will truly become a George Benson classic!  Once again Mr. Benson shows why he is so often imitated by others. I need not mention no names. His back up support players are proven perfomers in their own right,  which adds to the total enjoyment of the album. I predict a Grammy for this  one.
B000024Z5N|5.0|Enough has been said by (most of) the other reviewers. Simply one of the most inventive and exciting albums in the history of Rock. Firstly there is the wonderfully tongue in cheek Hocus Pocus. I have a video of the band  falling about laughing as Van Leer yodelled to the wider British TV  audience for the first time on the Old Grey Whistle Test. Then there is the  haunting Focus II and the amazing Eruption, which is noteable for the  searing guitar of Akkerman especially in &quot;Tommy&quot; and &quot;The  Bridge&quot;. The rest is pretty good too. Look out for excellent versions  of Eruption and Focus II on the Jan Akkerman solo album &quot;10,000 Clowns  on a Rainy Day&quot;.
6300214370|2.0|I had not seen Footloose until I saw it live in the theater. I was really excited about sharing it with my middle school general music class in the video form. I expected to purchase the music and have them learn it. I was  shocked at the language and nudity in the video when it was rated as PG.  (Especially, when the live theater had so much less vulgarity and no  nudity.)There is no way I can show it in my classroom to middle school. I  did show it to my upperclassmen (seniors) all of whom responded with  &quot;This is PG?&quot; I appreciate the social issues tackled by this  video, but I was really disappointed with language and nudity.
1573225517|5.0|On my top five all-time favourite novels: The catcher in the rye, High fidelity, the tin drum, to kill a mockingbird,catch-22. Nick Hornbey is a talented person and deserves to have his name high on the list of witty  writers. Very entertaining book especially for guys in the age range of  20-40.
B000002NJS|5.0|Finally, finally finally......<br />'Ray Of Light' is the album Madonna was supposed to make all along.  For once, this is something EVERYBODY can listen to and love, no matter what your musical tastes may be.  Sure,  everything that Madonna has ever touched has turned to gold, and has always  had stellar performances over her now 17 year career, but it was with this  1998 release that she found the proper foundation for a truly spectacular  recording.  Throughout this entire masterpiece as she dives head first into  the so-called &quot;electronica&quot; musical background, her harmonies and  words have never had such meaning and heart put into them.  One listen to  &quot;Nothing Really Matters&quot; can easily make anyone feel the entire  spectrum of emotions that songs are supposed to do.  With the raw energy  and tenderness brilliantly combined in these songs, this makes 'Ray Of  Light' easily Madonna's most heartfelt album to date, as well as her best.   In closing, I give this album five stars, and say, If well-established  artists like Madonna can continue to find their calling at this stage of  their career, music will be alright after all.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This new album by Eminem is definitely worthwhile getting.  It has everything that the Slim Shady LP had and the same cartoonistic sound effects along with a little humor.   With this album, as with the Slim  Shady LP, you can never tell if what he is saying is things that he does or  things he just jokes about.  In the song &quot;Stan&quot; A troubled fan  keeps writing Eminem talking about all the things that he has done that  Eminem influenced him to do.  When he talks about tying up his girlfriend  and putting her in the trunk, or slitting his wrists to see how much it  hurts Eminem never writes him back until Stan actually commits suicide but  he tells Stan that he was joking about the wrist part in his songs, and  that maybe he should get some help.  He said his girlfriend would treat him  better if he was kinder to her.  In the entire album, Eminem brings out  what he truly is.  Definitely get this album, it is not something to miss.
0767814037|4.0|OK, so is this a great movie, or what? I know, it is full of chiches, burdened by a couple of bad performances (you know who they are) and includes certain characters (Jeff Goldbloom's gambler, for example) for  reasons that only Lawrence Kasdin may understand. But for all that, it  resonates with an excitement few movies do. The cast is exceptional: Kevin  Klin, Bryan Dennehy, Linda Hunt, Scott Glen, John Clesse, Danny Glover and  Kevin Costner (alright, maybe we don't want ,to brag about Kevin). The  Kasdin script is exceptional, and gives full play to each actor's talents.  The scene between Kostner and Hunt in the bar where they discuss their  mutual love of a good &quot;smoky saloon&quot; is a great scene, as are the  ones with John Clesse as a sheriff reluctanly enforcing his authority.  Dennehy makes a wonderfully likeable villian and Scott Glenn is a great  foil for Padin, the Kevin Kline character. Every Western gimmic and  convention imaginable is employed in this film, which is a bit too long  because of that, but great fun nevertheless. No one can view this movie and  not come away with quotable lines and memorable scenes. It's a great  tribute to the American Western and a real entertainment in its own right.
0783232039|4.0|&quot;Bride of Chucky&quot; is NOT a dumb horror movie, like we have seen so much times. But it is close to it. <br />This movie begins pretty good, with a very good and even a little scary opening sequence. Actually is the  whole first half of the movie pretty good. But as soon as chucky begins to  fall in love with Tiffany, he becomes less scary and are even the deaths  much gorier than how they would be if they would happen in real life. <br />An  other thing that makes this movie totally different than the other Child's  Play movies is that you see Chucky much more. Because now is the whole  story of the movie about him.  That could be a good thing. But now becomes  Chucky much too funny.<br />Overall is this movie not bad, because of the good  special effects (Chucky and Tiffany are looking very realistic) and the  good songs.  It's even better than Child's Play 2 and 3 because of the  original story.<br />So don't expect much. Just expect a fun movie for a fun  evening with friends (and watch it when it's dark, and on DVD for some  realy cool sound effects)
B00004T9UF|5.0|In short, this CD is great. Fantastic. Eminem has matured as an artist and you can see it in his music. The way that he shares his thoughts with the world may be somewhat vulgar, it was better than my expectatins. I love it.  You should try listening to Stan, I'm Back, Marshall Mathers, Kim, Under  the Influence, or The Real Slim Shady, which has been on the radio. The  Real Slim Shady is one of a kind though, and it is the only song like it on  the CD.
B00000634J|5.0|If you are a real hard-core Lennon fan, you probably already own his entire catalog.  For all the less serious Lennon fans out there, this is a great compilation, containing most (all?) of his best solo songs on one  CD.<br />I was thinking about purchasing Double Fantasy for &quot;(Just Like)  Starting Over&quot; and &quot;Watching the Wheels&quot;, but was a little  hesitant about it.  Then I remembered about this collection.<br />I am not  planning on buying all of John's CDs, and this CD contains all of the songs  that I would have bought any of his other albums for.  It's also got some  great singles on it, &quot;Instant Karma!&quot;, &quot;Cold Turkey&quot;,  &quot;Give Peace A Chance&quot;, etc.<br />Again, unless you plan on buying  all of his albums, you've got no choice but to buy this CD.  YOU HAVE TO.
0783240287|5.0|I had never seen Joseph before renting this DVD, but I went out and bought it the next day. The music is great, the story well told, and the cast outstanding. It's great for kids because they can easily follow the story  and the sets are neat. I also don't understand any criticism towards Maria  Friedman. She has a great voice and helps keep the storyline moving.<br />Get  this DVD and you'll find yourself singing the songs all day long.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I did not expect much from this CD but I got an ear full.  This guy is talented and humorous.  The CD is GREAT, I think his critics would even have to admit, it is good material.  &quot;Kill You&quot; definitely is one  of the 'stand-out' tracks.  I was glued to my stereo for the entire 70 +  minutes.  Buy a copy for yourself and a friend.  This is definitely NOT  &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;.  It is on a entirely different level.
B000002VCW|1.0|I bought this CD because I like &quot;On the Border&quot; and because of the strong customer reviews.  It turns out that there is only one other really good song on the disc:  &quot;Year of the Cat&quot;.  What is this  &quot;historic realm of rock and roll?&quot;  I don't listen to rock and  roll to hear about some arcane, loser Captain who is lost at sea.  Who is  Lord Grenville, and why would someone write a tuneless song about him?   It's not like &quot;Roads to Moscow&quot; where an actual story was told.   Even the die hard  fans can't agree what this song is about.  Was he lost  at sea or was he sunk in battle?  I guess you have to be Grenville fan to  appreciate the song.  Most of the other songs have no melodies or are just  smarmy.  Are you therrrrrrre?  No, not me, especially with lady of the  iiisland.<br />The people who recommend this disc, talk about listening to it  back when it was first released on  vinyl.  It was probably their first  introduction into real mature music, after weaning off the Brady Bunch and  the Osmonds.  You always fondly remember your first time, but your mind  tends to build up the experience beyond the actual significance of the  work.  If you are someone listening to this for the first time, or you are  someone who has heard a few of Stewart's  better songs, you probably won't  appreciate this CD.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I hadn`t seen this film before I bought the DVD, not just because I bought  it only a few weeks after it was released here in Scotland, but also  because I read about it and thought it would be &quot;Dream Inducer&quot;.   But when I watched the DVD I thought the film was great.  I also like Star  Trek but even if I didn`t I think I would have enjoyed this film anyway.   Some of the humour was expertly placed and helped move the film along.  The  actors were great in the movie especially Sigourney Weaver and Tim Allen  but most of all I like the Special Effects because before I watched the  film I didn`t know they used as much C.G as they did and it really was  fantastic especially the scene in the lift of the Spaceport when they first  see their ship, the NSEA Protector, that was superb effects.
0553278223|3.0|This book brought out a bunch of &quot;stories&quot; (if thats what you want to call them) that when you start reading you think are going to mix together but you get tangled in a web of nothingness.  Ray Bradbury tried  hard to put something together you can see but just didn't know what  exactly those things were going to be. The Martian Chronicles is more of an  anthology. So if your going to read it read it, know that it doesn't all  tie in together.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I WAS A LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT THE EXPLICITNESS OF EMINEM'S LYRICS BUT WHEN I HEARD THIS CD, ALL MY CONCERNS WERE GONE. I COULD UNDERSTAND WHY SOME PEOPLE WOULD THINK THAT THE WORDS HE USES COULD BE CONSIDERED  OFFENSIVE TO SOME BUT IF YOU UNDERSTAND WHERE HE'S COMING FROM, IT'S ART.  HE EXPRESSES EMOTIONS THROUGH HIS MUSIC THAT MANY PEOPLE WOULD BE LUCKY TO  EVEN UNDERSTAND: HATE, LOVE, ETC. THIS IS A GREAT CD AND I WOULD TELL  EVERYONE TO BUY IT!
0553210246|4.0|Opinions on this novel seem to be a bit polarized to say the least. The plot is a tad too complex and soap-opera-ish for its own good, but the twists and turns are interesting enough to keep people interested, and it  really isn't a tough read. Additionally, it represents the transition  between the more emotional, passion-centered Romantic era (Henchard) to the  more mechanical Victorian Era (Farfrae), and that in itself is a pretty  interesting concept.
0380002930|5.0|After I finished this book, I walked away from my kitchen table crying because it was so good, sad and amazing. If you haven't read this book yet, then get going! It's the best thing I've ever read, and I hope you feel the  same way too. If anybody can walk away from this book unchanged, I don't  know what else can make them feel something. I reccomend this book to  anybody out there that knows how to read!  But, I would be arrogant to say  that I didn't find at least a few flaws. Mainly they were little things  that I can't remember, so just read on yourself to find out the adventure  that takes Hazel, Fiver, Bigwig and the rest so far from home.
B0000047CW|5.0|Almost 40 years old, and still the standard by which all other Bossa Nova albums must be judged.  It remains a delight to the ears no matter how many times it gets played, and is never far from my stereo.  Truely one of the  great jazz albums ever made.  I hope you and Stan are jammin' now, Charlie.
6304056958|5.0|We take this one down to the beach house every year, and it never fails to bring joy to the group involved.  It's the kind of camp you can hoot and holler at, make your own dialouge additions, and just revel in the  absurdity of this classic!
6304493681|5.0|This is the second best anime feature ('Akira' still holds the throne). The animation is breathtaking, the story-line is more adult oriented and philosophical than usual, it asks profound questions about the meaning of  life and the purpose of human existence. The sci-fi elements of the film  are also high-quality. But it also features some heavy-duty action  sequences. This film has it all, too bad it's only 82 min. From a scale of  1-10 I give this film an 8!
B00001NFCY|4.0|I haven't heard Creed's first album to compare it with this one, but if I compare it to other album's of this type of music, I have to say that Creed isn't doing anything new.  However, that doesn't mean it isn't a good  example of it's type. I still listen to &quot;Higher&quot; almost everyday.   The song just puts me in a good mood!  However, none of the other songs  really grab me the way that &quot;Higher&quot; does.  The album is  definitely worth buying, but I see it more as a good one for right now, not  one that will stand the test of time like Pearl Jam's Ten, for example.   Speaking of Pearl Jam, you will either really like this album because they  sound similar to Pearl Jam or you will hate it because you think it is a  rip off of Pearl Jam.  I debated between 3 or 4 stars.  If  &quot;Higher&quot; wasn't on here I would have given it 3 stars, but  because of &quot;Higher&quot; I gave it 4 stars.
0679746048|2.0|Perhaps this work might be titled ESSAY, INTERRUPTED. I am fascinated to imagine how this 'novel' could become a screenplay, starring one of my favorite actresses, Angelina Jolie, although I've yet to see the movie. I  enjoyed the rhythm and the flow of fluid descriptive writing, but feel  disappointed overall. A short novel can be powerful, but there are lots of  us around who can ramble on about our adventures in the sixties.  Additionally, I had trouble keeping the similar characters straight. It's a  smooth essay, but let's not call this work a novel.
B00004SVID|4.0|Let's face it.  There are a lot of really mediocre live recordings of &quot;The Wall&quot; music out there.  So-so pieces on &quot;Delicate Sound of Thunder&quot;, &quot;Knebworth:90&quot;, and &quot;Pulse&quot;.  Even  the man himself, Roger Waters, delivered a poor perforamnce of &quot;The  Wall&quot; in Berlin.   Therefore, &quot;Is There Anybody Out There&quot;  is a pleasant surprise.  It's not just a satisfying performance of what  Waters considers his best work as a musician, it's the third-coming of  &quot;The Wall&quot;  The first-coming, of course was the original album;  then came the excellent motion picture by Alan Parker and now the great  live performance.  In the linear notes, guitarist David Gilmour says that  &quot;The Wall&quot; was always intended as an album, a movie and a  concert.  And with the concert album, we can now fully grasp some of the  aspects of this classic rock opera.  It's well known that Waters wrote this  album in response to the barrier he felt between the performer and it's  audience and what a faceless indistinguishable beings fans at stadium rock  shows become.  Waters intended to show how a rock show becomes something  like a fascist rally to a fickle, thoughtless audience, and that aspect is  in full-force at this live performance.  This leads to my favourite track  on this album; a top-drawer version of &quot;Run Like Hell&quot;.  On it  Waters addrsses  the real-life thoughtless masses that make up the  show:<br />Waters: Are there any paranoids in the audience  tonight?<br />(Audience cheers.)<br />Waters: Is there any one who worries about  things?<br />(Audience cheers.)<br />Waters: Pathetic.<br />All the while, Gilmour  accompanies Waters ranting with some first-rate guitar playing.  This track  alone is worth the purchase of this album.<br />Add it all up, and you have  the best Pink Floyd album since Waters left the band in 1983.
6302518423|5.0|This film is easily one of the most mesmerizing and awe inspiring films I have seen, but the distributors have seriously missed the mark by not releasing this film in wide-screen.  This film is all about the visuals and  was definatly composed for the cinema aspect ratio.  Most every scene  conveys the feel of a Da Vinci masterpiece.  Several &quot;image  intensive&quot; scenes depend on the outer edge of the frame.  There used  to be a laser disc copy, and that was not wide-screen either.  What  gives?<br />I'm hoping for a full-featured Criterion release on DVD...but I  don't see any pigs flying yet.
B000002HRE|5.0|This is another masterpiece from METALLICA!  Every song on this album is worth listening to!  This is yet another flawless album for METALLICA!  My faviorates are:  Attitude, and Fuel!  If your a TRUE METALLICA FAN, then  you need this album!  If your an &quot;old school&quot; METALLICA trendy,  then don't get it, and keep bitchin' about how  METALLICA&quot;supposively&quot; sold out...
B0000457HB|5.0|This collection of Barry White's hits is completely over the top! It caught my attention one day as I was browsing in the music section. Not ONE of these songs I dislike...and for a double CD set, that's unprecedented.  From the 1st cut on the first CD, &quot;I'm gonna love you just a little  more, baby&quot; All the way through to, &quot;Practice what you  preach&quot; on the second CD, there IS no doubt that Barry hits a COMPLETE  grand slam with this effort! My wife and I met while &quot;Secret  Garden&quot; was playing at a friend's party and the rest is.....you know,  HISTORY! The strings, the brass, the vocals! OH MY...there is no doubt that  Barry is still the man, and as the title of one of his songs suggests,  &quot;I'm qualified to satisfy you&quot;
158234082X|5.0|I've been having fantasies of owning a restaurant, and Bourdain's book convinced me that this is probably a bad idea. The book is funny and wise; a great read.<br /><br />Hey, who's Bigfoot?
B00003CX5A|3.0|Not a bad effort! That's how I qualify this release of Sleepy Hollow. I must admit that while I'm not much of a Depp fan, his portrayal was amusing in the movie. Crane was as fearful as he was brave and the combination made  this flick worth watching. My rating would actually be 3.5 stars but I  don't think it'll make my DVD home library though. Though not a MUST SEE,  it DOES qualify as strong rental material!
B00000JCB2|2.0|I do not automatically dislike any music classified as &quot;rap-metal,&quot; but like any genre of music, there are good bands and there are not-so-good bands. LB tries to play music that is both rap  and metal, but their music fails to sound good in either genre. The guitar  riffs are some of the worst in the genre, and the singing is not true  &quot;rapping&quot; either. The good production, synthesizers, &amp;  &quot;scratching&quot; (what a gimmmick!) cannot disguise the essential  lack of talent. Other &quot;rap-metal&quot; type bands, notably Korn,  Slipknot, &amp; Run-DMC (I love their song &quot;Raising Hell&quot;) are  far better than this. (The songs from LB's debut album that I've heard are  considerably better, but still not great, btw.) The reason that this gets 2  stars instead of 1 is because the band plays their own music unlike  you-know-who. If they improve their songwriting &amp; guitar playing  skills, they could record a good album, but this one shows that they are  not skilled enough yet.
B000025RAU|5.0|Hard-boiled, cynical characters, seasoned with just the right amount of sleaze. Private detective Jake Giddes (Jack Nicholson) specializes in marital cataclysms, and that's how Chinatown opens.   A client named Curly  is looking at photos in Jake Giddes' office, photos of his wife making love  with another man. Curly moans in anguish. He drops the photographs on  Giddes' desk and sweats heavily through his workman's clothes; a drop  plunks on Gittes' shiny desktop. Gittes looks at the drop of sweat, glances  at the fan whirring overhead. He looks crisp and cool in his white linen  suit despite the heat. Without taking his eyes off Curly he lights a  cigarette.<br />This is our introduction to Jake Giddes, definitely not a  high-society detective, even if he does have a secretary and two  &quot;operatives&quot;. Jake will remain fastidious in dress throughout the  picture -- except when he's getting beat up.<br />Faye Dunaway, as Evelyn  Cross Mulwray, may have performed as brilliantly in another film, but never  better. Evelyn's beauty is somewhat faded and is all the more magnetic for  it, and she reveals throughout the film a desperate honesty that makes you  want to take her in your arms and comfort her.<br />John Houston is a perfect  Noah Cross, Evelyn's chillingly pragmatic, super-rich, super-cynical and  corrupt father. Near the end he tells Jake, without the slightest display  of emotion: &quot;You see, Mr. Gittes, most people never have to face the  fact that at the right time and right place, they're capable of  anything.&quot;<br />Jake's exterior is tough-as-nails, but deep inside runs a  streak of believable compassion. He's not a Mike Hammer; he displays fear  when that's appropriate; he's cautious when caution is called for. In this  picture Nicholson has not one humorous line. He plays the character Towne  created. Even Noah Cross, who seems to revel in his complete lack of  fatherly compassion for his daughter, reveals in the end that his granite  exterior is a veneer -- even if he believed it was real until a crucial  test proved him wrong.<br />The underlying theme of Chinatown is Los Angeles'  insatiable thirst for water. The opening of the reservoir gates for  clandestine nightly discharges of water into the ocean was based on fact,  even if the movie was set in the thirties and that activity was carried out  in about 1907. The purpose was to amplify a water shortage to gain public  support for bonds to finance the Los Angeles Aqueduct to bring in water  from Owens Valley. The water was stolen from the Owens Valley and carried  to L.A. through a 230-mile aqueduct.<br />Noah Cross' explanation to Gittes  about how Los Angeles would annex much of the San Fernando Valley so the  water brought there would technically be brought to L.A. actually occurred,  but in 1913. And the buying up by L.A. big-shots of thousands of acres of  cheap desert destined to become valuable irrigated farm land was based on  the genuine occurrence.<br />This is screenwriter Robert Towne at his  inimitable best. A rare and expansive look into Towne's brilliant approach  to this screenplay can be gained by viewing the PBS video &quot;Cadillac  Desert&quot; (available from Amazon.com), from the book by Marc Reisner.  Towne appears in interviews again and again, along with clips from  Chinatown.<br />Chinatown is a classic use of the silver screen. Like at least  one reviewer below, I recommended that you buy this video, for it should be  viewed several times to get the full benefit of a masterful screenplay,  Roman Polanski's outstanding direction, great performances by a  distinguished cast, photography that is right on the mark in every scene,  and all supported by superb music.<br />Chinatown is an all-time classic, no  question about it.
B000000WA4|5.0|THis IS the most influential band in my life, This album contains as amasing amount of great songs. Simply: The best.
B000002J5K|5.0|This is really one of the best CD's I have ever listened to! I advise everybody to buy it; songs like EverybodyNeedsSomebodyToLove and Think are (for me) songs that remind me of one of the best movies ever made.
B00003Q43A|3.0|The first time I saw ID4 I hated it, but that's because I don't like  having to suspend my belief in the laws of physics while watching an action  movie (Bugs Bunny doesn't count). There are so many over-the-top stunts and  inane plot twists that I couldn't get into the rhythm of the movie.<br />The  second time I watched this movie I already knew that it was stupid and I  hated it, so I just sat back and watched the eye candy... And you know  what.. I had a good time. <br />If you can calculate a 15% tip without a  calculator, check your brain at the door and disregard the flaws in  computer science, political theory, fluid dynamics, and everything else and  you'll probably enjoy this movie.<br />If you think that aliens with the  intelligence and technology to travel between stars can be outsmarted by  Jeff Goldblum, this is the movie for you!
B00004RFDW|5.0|Based on a true story about a 1994 &quot;60 Minutes&quot; episode on  criminal intrigue in the tobacco industry, an episode that was first killed  because CBS was reluctant to step into the ring with opponents who had the  will and perhaps the means to break the network financially. The story was  revived and eventually aired on &quot;60 Minutes&quot; as a description of  how pressure from big business had been applied to keep the original story  off the air.<br />We'll wait a long time for another docudrama of this  caliber. Explosive conflicts between genuine superpowers, pretty much based  on fact, just kept rolling out. First there was the one between Brown &amp;  Williamson tobacco company and its former scientist Jeffrey Wigand (played  by Russel Crowe in the movie). In real life, Wigand was appalled by the  knowledge that tobacco executives knew very well that nicotine was a strong  addictive. He was incensed that seven of them flatly denied that fact in  sworn testimony before Congress. Not only that, but Wigand knew that  tobacco was being laced with additives that made it even more addictive.  Anyone who has quit smoking knows just how addictive nicotine truly is, and  how long the withdrawal period is.<br />Wigand somehow released incriminating  evidence which reached writer Marie Brenner. Her article in Vanity Fair  magazine, &quot;The Man Who Knew Too Much&quot;, was picked up on the radar  at &quot;60 Minutes&quot;. Not surprisingly, it did not escape notice by   the powers at Brown &amp; Williamson, who intensified the heat they were  already applying to Wigand.<br />After B&amp;W learned that &quot;60  Minutes&quot; was flirting with the story, the second major conflict began  festering as B&amp;W and &quot;60 Minutes&quot; flexed their muscles in  dead earnest. When veteran producer Lowell Bergman (Al Pacino) cranked up  his tooth drill and began getting right down into live nerves, the  resulting battle - threats of multi-billion-dollar lawsuits and personal  attacks on everybody in sight -- would intensify until Bergman was  ultimately driven into retirement and Mike Wallace (Christopher Plummer)  was face-to-face with the major ethical and pragmatic dilemma of his long  television career. Wallace would prove to grit his teeth and do the right  and courageous, if dangerous, thing.<br />Still another conflict involved  Brown &amp; Williamson's lawyers and the Mississippi Attorney General's  office, with Wigand in the middle. Whether or not it came about exactly as  presented doesn't matter; the screen version had foundation in fact and was  truly frightening movie drama. The conflict escalated into out-and-out war,  the outcome of which was infinitely gratifying.<br />The minefield B&amp;W  laid before Jeffrey Wigand, and ultimately before Mike Wallace and CBS, was  intimidating in the extreme. Only a person who has been the target of a  large and powerful law firm representing a money-is-no-object client can  truly appreciate the horrible weapons in their arsenal, and how skilled and  ruthless they are at deploying them. Director Michael Mann did a fine job  of illustrating that the minefield would have been seen as impenetrable by  most sane mortals.<br />CBS caved in and ordered the story canceled. But  Lowell Bergman was  a grizzled veteran of journalistic warfare. By leaking  information and planting innuendoes in critical places he blew the shackles  off the story. It was Bergman's charisma, too, that kept Wigand's will from  flagging. The Wall Street Journal ran with the story (winning a Pulitzer  Prize) and the lid was blown off. His job done, a dispirited Lowell Bergman  left CBS and &quot;60 Minutes.&quot; The confrontation between big tobacco  and a lone scientist with a conscience was the first shot in a war that  ended with a quarter-trillion-dollar settlement of a suit brought by most  of the 50 states.<br />Al Pacino has an outstanding role as Bergman and plays  it magnificently - positively great casting. Russell Crowe is perfect as a  reluctant combatant, but one driven to right a terrible wrong. He draws a  real line in the sand with this performance and backs it up in The  Gladiator.<br />Two and a half hours of fine, fine entertainment. Not one  second of dead air space, either. This is another movie that those who  appreciate the cream of the crop will want to watch many times. (Read  Amazon's words above about why this video costs so much. You might want to  wait.)
B00000ILBK|4.0|I just watched this movie, and when my wife asked me if I liked it, I didn't know what to say. The special effects are good, the acting is fine, but this movie just didn't grab me. That's not to say that I didn't enjoy  it, but it seems like the story is too small for a movie. The whole premise  seems a little weak and then there's all the usual &quot;save the day&quot;  tactics with no surprises.<br />It's not so much that this is a bad Star Trek  movie, but that I was hoping for a lot more. If they took this back to the  cutting room and remove 40 minutes they could make one of the all time best  TV shows. Instead, you have a movie which lies somewhere in the middle of  all Trek films.<br />If you're just going to buy one, I'd get the Wrath of  Khan. If you've already got a few, this isn't a bad one to add to your  collection.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This film was the most underrated of 1999 and I don't know why. I thought Fight Club was very well written, directed, and acted. If you've seen this film only once then you can not say that you've seen it becaue the first  time around you're like &quot;What? What? What?&quot; But if you've seen it  at least twice then you're like &quot;Ohhhhhhhhh I see.&quot; I am dead  serious. <br />There are so many little things that are in this film that are  meaningful and for that, Fight Club is the most inventive, most brilliant,  most creative film that I've seen by far. I say forget films that don't  make you use you're brain. I say use your brain and I say use it while  watching this film. I beg of you to not look at the title, Fight Club,  because I think it does throw you off to thinkning that all this film is  just fighting and. . .fighting. It's much more than that I guarantee you.  <br />Overall, Fight Club is a surprising masterpeice that's funny, thrilling,  and original.
0790734850|5.0|I must admit that I tend to enjoy movies where the hero or heroine is not  all \\"good\\". Such is the case with L.A. Confidential. No film was hurt more  by the popularity of \\"Titanic\\" in 1997  than this one. Lost in the wake of  the doomed ocean liner were fine performances across the board. The sets  and costumes, along with a terrific screenplay draw you into 1950's  Hollywood, a place filled with murder, greed and lust.  The story is that  of three Police detectives all working different angles of the same case,  all for very different reasons. Bud White (Russell Crowe) for revenge, Ed  Exley (Guy Pearce) for self-promotion, and Jack Vincennes (Kevin Spacey)  for the sake of  ego. Kim Bassinger proves worthy of her Oscar winning  performance as Lynn Bracken, the high priced prostitute caught in the  middle.  Rounding out the cast are two of the best character actors around.  James Cromwell (probably the best actor who's name you don't know) is  perfect as the street hardened Captain Dudley Smith. Danny Devito also  stars as the sleazy tabloid reporter who will do anything to get a story.  Spacey and Crowe are excellent as the veteran cops well at ease with the  corruption that seems to fill every corner of the city. Pearce is just as  good as the brash young detective determined to get ahead no matter what it  takes.  The writing, direction and acting are all superb in \\"L.A.  Confidential\\", and it will keep you guessing though each and every turn,  and will also keep you entertained.
0064407667|4.0|I really liked The Bad Beginning. It was really interesting because all these bad things keep happening to these kids. But I am seriously kinda confused as to why someone would actually write a book about all these bad  things that happen to someone. Don't get me wrong, Im going to continue  reading, and hopefully enjoying, this series, but i was just a little  confused. I hope that in the end everything works out, but then what would  be the point? What kind of story doesn't have a happy ending, perhaps this  one could be a change?
B00003CXDV|5.0|I have to say that I am just enough of a sci-fi buff that I was really  excited about seeing \\"Galaxy Quest\\" when it arrived in theaters last year.  I was not disappointed. Tim Allen gives a terrific performance in his role  as the William Shatner / James T. Kirk clone. Sigourney Weaver looks  outstanding as a blonde, and is great as the crewmember who repeats  everything the computer says. The plot, though completely unbelievable,  sets itself up for some tremendous laughs, and the script delivers on each  and every one. Alan Rickman (Robin Hood Prince of thieves), Daryl Mitchell  , and Tony Shaloub (Wings, Stark Raving Mad) are all great, but I have to  say that Sam Rockwell steals many of the funniest scenes as Crewman #6. If  you are looking for a good time, and a fun movie, then this is the one for  you. Don't be afraid of the sci-fi premise, I guarantee that you will enjoy  this film. (Both of my 60 something parents did.)
0394810112|5.0|If I could rate this book with a gazillion stars I would nab the FIRST chance I had to do so !  I recommend this ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL book to readers all across the known universe!  (Aliens, did you hear that?)
B00003CWOL|5.0|DOGMA is one of the funniest movies I've seen.  It's not to be seen by those who are easily offended ... it's to be appreciated by those with open minds.  Although the movie does have a few dragging moments, overall it  makes you think and it makes you laugh.  And for all of you that are  raising a stink about Alanis Morissette appearing as God, set aside your  preconceptions of her and her music and realize that not a single one of us  is actually *worthy* of being God.  (And do stick around for the credits to  hear her wonderful song, &quot;Still&quot;, that she wrote about God.)
B000002JSJ|5.0|My absolute favorite Zeppelin lp.  Oh, it certainly didn't start out that way.  But over the years I get more and more drawn toward the dark vibe that permeates this record.  For one thing, there is not a single acoustic  guitar or keyboard on the record, a first for Zep. Also, Robert Plant's  vocals have a tinny, compressed sound that is all but overwhelmed by the  loudly mixed rhythm section and multi-tracked guitars. This lends the  record a heavy, dark, and oppressive vibe that I love. When people refer to  Zep as a 'heavy metal' band they oughta be thinking about this lp first and  foremost.  But more importantly is the fact that this is John Henry  Bonham's BEST studio recording, he absolutely shines on this record (psst..  wanna hear his best ever recording? Seek out the great &quot;Listen to This  Eddie&quot; live lp from the 'Presence' tour - absolutely jaw-dropping). I  think another reason that makes this album so attractive is that the songs  haven't been drilled into yr head over and over by 'classic rock' radio, as  the album never really yielded a bona fide hit.  It always sounds fresh and  new. Ok, I want everyone reading this to go and listen to Jimmy Page's  guitar solo on 'Hots on For Nowhere'.  Is that not the most whacked out  thing he did!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|It sounds like God and like all hell breaking loose and like Blaze Bayley is not singing (because Bruce is) and like the guitars are actually turned up in the mix (Steve didn't mix it) and, in short, like everything ought to  sound on an Iron Maiden album.  Don't find it as interesting or innovative  or quite as hard rocking as Bruce's past two albums... but damn, it's a  good old iron maiden album.  Songs are catchy as hell, too.
B000002JNJ|4.0|I THINK THIS ALBUM IS THE BEST FROM THE PANTERA SERIES. IT HAS MORE EDGE AND MORE FEEL AND HEAPS SICK GUITAR AND DRUM RIFFS. PLUS VERY EASY TO PLAY RIFFS.
0790729989|5.0|I am a minor and want to know if you people think it would be ok to see it. If you write a review please mention it. Thanks
B000002UB3|5.0|One problem of being born in 1982 is that there's a lot of 90-s trash music around.  What do I do?  I tune out of the world, and go back here, when music was art.  Music is not evolving--more and more artists do not  write their own music anymore.  This album will always be a masterpeiece.
6302969352|5.0|Movie lovers will always argue what the best movie ever made was and sometimes its just apples and oranges. But when I watched The Seven Sammurai for the fifth time I again found many new images or details I  hadn't remembered before, how striking each image is, how vivid and telling  each detail is. Forget about subtitles. Kurosawa, like most great  artists,shows us things with the camera not with the dialogue, although he  can do that to. Much has been written about this masterpiece. Suffice it to  say that I admire it for its surging energy, deep-focus black and white  photography, for the high spirits and energy of its actors, and if there  were any director who who could conduct the elements, it is Kurosawa. The  battle scenes are justifiably famous and the climactic battle in the  rainstorm has been much imitated but never surpassed, so full of power and  noise, speed and passion, that it very nearly jumps off the screen, whether  at home or on the broad screen. Ok, back to the first question about the  greatest movie of all time. The Seven Smmurai stands there, along with the  late Kurosawa, in deep focus.
B00003CWL6|4.0|Movies of this type have been released for years, I think this movie is a  testament to the changing tastes of the American public.  The days of  explosions, and endless fight scene action movies is over.  Many movies  coming out now make me yearn for those days, this dark comedy movie give me  hope for the future.  Amid a plethora of let down movies, this is a  shinning beakon in the night.  I gave this movie no chance of winning an  Oscar, though I personally thought it the best of the year I didn't think  it could ever be mainstream popular.  A compilation of a cast of great  actors, and fairly intresting story make this one of the few movies in  recent years that deserved an Oscar.
0792844882|4.0|I despise those who criticize Elizabeth Berkeley's acting in this film.  No, the sex wasn't convincing, and the lap-dancing wasn't convincing, but  sll you have to do is look at the stage shows; the sex and lap-dancing were  choreographed exactly the same way.  Berkeley's lines were often delivered  in the same jerky, uneven, frenetic way everything else was choreographed.  Clearly not her fault.  As I see it, she did what she was told, and did the  best she could in a VERY difficult role.  It was no easy step from  &quot;Saved by the Bell&quot; to this.  As for the film itself, it was  sexploitation, pure and simple; of course it was.  If you didn't want to  see that, you shouldn't have gone to see it.  Great acting was never the  point anyway.  On that basis, Gershon and Berkeley delivered FAR more than  the audience had any right to expect.
B00003CXDV|5.0|The Star Trek craze has been very long over do for a dedicated film parody. Thankfully, Galaxy Quest comes as both as refreshing blast of fresh air and a worthy scfi offering in it's own right. Dean Parisot's  imagainative fish out of water story about the surprising redemption of a  group of washed up television actors is both savagely hilarious,  unexpectedly action packed with alarmingly intimidating aliens (created by  the creature effects master Stan Winston (Predator, Terminator, and  Aliens)) and filled to the rim with first class special effects created by  Lucus's Industrial Light and Magic (ILM). Starring the ever resilient Tim  Allen as the confident NSEA's Protector's Commander Peter Quincy Taggert  and his acting alter ego Jason Nesmith, Allen more than elevates the  already clever material to lofty heights with his exaggerated male  attributes and his gift for playing both stooge and straight man. Also  starring a first-rate ditsy Sigourney Weaver (Lieutenant Tawny Madison/Gwen  De Marco) a fabiously droll Alan Rickman (Dr. Lazarus/Alexander Dane), and  side-splitingly understated Tony Shalhoub (Tech Sergeant Chen/ Fred Kwan),  Galaxy Quest overflows with exceptionally clever wit and piercing Star Trek   lampooning that is as uproarious as it is ingenious. Did any Star Trek fan  ever wander about what types of food Quark or Mr. Spock would consume, the  mandatory requirement that the leading male must always remove his shirt to  prove his manlieness, the likliehood that transporters might actually do  harm to non-human life forms, or the fact that most female characters on  the show did nothing more significant than show off their cleavage. Galaxy  Quest is an hysterical assualt on Gene Roddenberry's extremely popular  Sci/Fi franchise. It does to Star Trek what Mel Brooks did to Westerns. As  for the DVD package, the film has a fantastic widescreen transfer, an  interesting  making of documentary, and several outraegous scenes that were  removed fromthe film's theatrical release. A definite must-buy for any  Sci-Fi fan.
6302886228|5.0|This Video is a Great Tribute Too The Great Genius Of Bob Dylan.His Music&amp;Impact are TImeless.The Artists Featured here Pay A WOnderful Tribute Too The Legacy Of Bob Dylan.
6305176299|5.0|The 1990's were certainly filled with many interesting and hard hitting action films, but the summer of 1994 provided the decade with it's most sensational example of a film that could be witty, well executed, action  packed, and brillant in concept. The film that I am talking about needs no  introduction. Dealing with bombed elevators, sympathetic hostages that  behave with authentic behaviors, a deranged Dennis Hooper, sabotaged  subways, police officers shooting terrorists' hostages, and a rigged Los  Angeles bus that will explode if it slows to less than 50 miles per hour.  Speed depicts the spine-tingling trials and tribulations of LAPD police  office Jack Traven (Keanu Reeves) as he combats ex-police office/super  terrorist Howard Paine (Dennis Hooper) who will do anything to get his 3  million dollar pension fund. Beyond the typical action plot, Speed excelled  as movie mainly because it took a gamble that the audience would respond  better to real characters acting human in impossible situations as opposed  to inhuman characters that are immune to the stress and anxiety of the  film's improbable events. At one point in the film's story, the Reeve's  character emotionally breaks down and seriously gives up hope of survival.  The film's mutiple disaster sub-plots offer a breathlessly breakneck pace  that propels the viewer forward with uncontrollable exuberance and  high-octane enthusiasm. The film's set pieces though far-fetched are never  beyond any realistic suspension of disbelief, and Speed's screenplay  supplies ample amounts of inspired comic relief and black humor to off-set  the film's consistant bombardment of heavy thrills and chills. Undeniably  one heck of roller coaster ride, Speed is tribute to an unbelievably  impressive directorial debut by cinematographer Jan De Bont. Excellent DVD  package that has relatively few features but is definte must-buy for any  action fan.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|This movie is a great example of why DVD was created. The commentary and  special features of this movie are out of this world. Plus it is a  fantasticlly funny movie. THis has become one of my favorite DVD's. You can  watch this movie with commentary by Ivan Reichman and have sub-titled  production notes from the film at the same time.  Eveything you ever wanted  to know aobut busting ghosts!
B00004T9UF|5.0|yo dis album iz tight.  Da beats are off da hook, Dre tearz it  up. Eminem just flows and expresses his thoughts.  his guests are tight az hell 2.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|All I have to say, is WOW! This has to be the greatest Iron Maiden out of all of their 11 studio albums. The lyrics are incredible, the guitar riffs are amazing, and the drumming is spectacular. The sound, portraying that of  a gothic lifestyle, but it has a pickup beat and sound that will make you  beg for more. All I can say is that get this album as soon as you can, even  if you're not familiar with Maiden.
B000003C2S|5.0|Chuck and co. have always put out highly involving albums, and this gem is no exception. Featuring the recording debut of metal superstar James Murphy on backup Rythym and Lead guitars. This features some dirty riffs. My  favorite is Low Life. Chuck Schuldiner was the guy who gave Death Metal its  name (from his Mantas demo called Death by Metal in 1983) and he is thusly  the furthest along within the scene in writing heavy, technical, and, yes,  catchy riffs. Hail the King, for his name is Chuck! I hope he fully  recovers from his recent surgery to remove a cancerous brain tumor. Our  thoughts are with ya Chuck!
B00003CXB2|5.0|Just the most perfect film to watch, great direction, great performances,  wonderful scenery and a true story to boot.  Just one moan though, when are  they going to get around to releasing it on DVD, it deserves this format.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Good comeback album for Bruce and Adrian.  It's nice to see them back where they belong.  But I have four words of advice: Get rid of Gers!  His writing is trite and his solos are uninspired.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Right to it:  Being a Maiden fan since 86, this is truly the best record I've heard from the boys since 7th Son.  It is a daring album but still holds the crunch of classic Maiden.  Exceptional standouts are Blood  Brothers and The Nomad.  Ghost of the Navigator is refreshingly different  and has an INCREDIBLE signature riff.  The Fallen Angel (no, not a Poison  cover idiot) is reminiscent of early 80's Maiden.  It's certainly worth all  of the hype.  Up the Irons!
B00003CX5A|5.0|Highly stylish and original thriller set in the imaginary town of Sleepy Hollow.  The special effects are great (as with every Tim Burton film), and the cast is perfect.  Johnny Depp may be the best young actor we have, and  he plays the part of Icabod Crane to hilarious perfection.  Even Christina  Ricci gives a solid performance as his love interest.  The action sequences  featuring the headless horseman come fast and furious, and make this movie  well worth your money.
B00004NRUM|5.0|This album is definately one of my favorite albums of all time.  The band has created something much more than another prog art concept album....they have created images and memories that will twist in your mind forever.  It  is a true masterpiece...it shows the very pits of depression, while still  having enough breath at the end for a taste of hope.  It has some of the  best lyrics I have seen in a long time...and the music just fits so  perfectly well.  This is more than mere music...it is a trip that will take  you to the darkest places of your mind...buy this disc....and enjoy the  sadness!
B000002KIE|5.0|&quot;Mommy, I'm not an animal...&quot;.  Never Mind the Bollocks...Here's the Sex Pistols has changed the lives of countless legions of disaffected youths worldwide since its release in 1977.  This CD may be the most  important recording of the 20th century, seriously. Every song on this  album is an anthem of youth, violence, disobedience, and anarchy.  If you  are just learning of this cd, you must buy it now, your collection as well  as your life will not be complete without it.
B00003CX59|5.0|We don't have many American folktales (and this one was originally from  Germany) so it's about time someone made a film of one our greatest  literary treasures! Burton, eccentric and edgy, has literally filmed a  painting. I loved this film. It's part horror film, part detective story,  and all romance! Depp does a great job as always, Christina Ricci is simply  beautiful, and the scenery is enough to make you want to step out of the  audience and into the fantasyland full of groping trees, pumpkins, and New  England mists.  This is great fun and what good storytelling is all about.  Don't miss it!
0805062971|5.0|The book/movie Fight Club truly inspired me, offering new insight into my life and the needs of man. (I do mean man, not a genderless human.) Modern life does not offer physical aggression release that men can require.  We  no longer have to struggle to survive.  &quot;We have no great war, no  great depression,&quot; yet we are engineered to survive such challenges.  <br /> Fight Club helps to reveal this inherent lacking, and teaches us to  embrace that which is biologically natural.   Maybe, just maybe, violence  IS ths answer.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|This is a joyous reunion of possibly THE greatest ever pure and true heavy metal band in history! With the now 3 guitar attack, the greatest bassist in music, and incredible drummer, MAIDEN is back to reclaim its glory. The  wait has been worth it.  While there are no instant classics like ICARUS or  TROOPER, there is some fine music here. My personal faves are THE NOMAD and  OUT OF THE SILENT PLANET-16 minutes of true Maiden!  Bruce's vocals are as  great as always and the whole band sounds terrific! Thanx, Maiden! UP THE  IRONS! (What happened to Martin Birch?)
B000002VEP|5.0|This was the last (of the 10) album(s) of The Alan Parsons Project, with both Alan Parsons and Eric Woolfson.  Later on, some of the songs became part of Woolfson's Gaudi musical, which ran successfully at Aachen, Alsdorf  and Cologne, Germany and which was televised twice in German TV (ZDF). The  finale (or epilog) of the musical, featuring La Sagrada Familia, is one of  most impressive finales I have ever seen, only comparable with the Vienna  version of Les Miserables.  Last year I had the privilege to listen to La  Sagrada Familia during a special Night of the Proms Open Air Concert at  Saarbruecken, with John Miles as lead singer, Alan Parsons and his group,  and a huge choir.  I am looking forward to my first visit to Barcelona next  July to see some of Gaudi's wonderful architecture.
0898159156|5.0|If you want to grow carnivorous plants you need this book.  This book contains everything that you need to know about caring for carnivorous plants.  It is well organized and I refer to it often.  It contains many  pictures so that you can decide which plants that you would like to grow.   The author is the owner of California Carnivors which is an excellent place  to order your plants.  The plants that I have ordered are doing great. I  plan to expand my collection soon.
B000002VCT|5.0|It is one of the most beloved albums for Alan Parsons fans. <br />I was very much surprised when I recently walked through the outskirts of Valencia, Spain and suddenly saw the Pyramid sign: a bodega here is called Pyramid.  The owner must be a real Alan Parsons fan; right next to the Pyramid sign  was the Horus logo of Eye In The Sky...<br />But not only for fans: one of the  best albums of The Alan Parsons Project, beyond any doubt.
B000003TAB|2.0|Although Incesticide contains Sliver, Dive, and Molly's Lips (by the Vaselines) which are all excellent. The rest of the CD however is not very good at all. Some of the songs are too boring or repetitive. Fans of In  Utero might like this one, but if you like the great melodies and excellent  lyrics of Nevermind and Unplugged you should skip this one.
B000002VCO|5.0|Ammonia Avenue is an album mainly about scientists. The title song has always been one of my favorites. It can be considered as a summary of the topics of this album, in an excellent fashion. <br />Prime Time is nice, but  if you have ever heard Alan Parsons live, you will certainly agree that the  live performances, with incredible solos by Ian Bairnson, are still  superior to the album version.
B000002LUB|5.0|Let's face it, &quot;Dehumanizer&quot; is not a perfect album--it's certainly solid enough, but when you're absent for a decade and try to return to the greatest days of your career, something has to give.   Unfortunately, the imagination got the axe.<br />While this album is far from  bad, the overall atmosphere is very nearly uniform.  That is to say, all of  the songs sound the same to a certain degree.  Tony Iommi must have picked  out his two or three favorite chords and twanged them throughout the  recording entire.  Listen to &quot;Computer God,&quot; then &quot;Master of  Insanity,&quot; and finally &quot;Buried Alive.&quot;  Chances are, you'll  notice that the guitars growl in pretty much the same tone in each of the  marker songs, so you could logically project that onto the other tracks.   Likewise, the lyrics all deal with the &quot;dehumanization&quot; of man,  the ascendancy of technology, and the evil that must surely ride on its  coattails.  In a sense, this is a concept album, but perhaps it would have  been better all around if it had been left in the conceptualization  stage.<br />Now for the good points, the choruses of each song stand out in my  mind.  Say what you will about Dio's lack of imagination (dream, evil,  rainbow, magic, chains...), but the man writes beautiful choruses.  I  especially enjoy listening to &quot;After All (The Dead)&quot; and &quot;TV  Crimes,&quot; forever waiting for the hallowed refrain sandwiched between  monstrously sludgy riffs reminiscent of the Ozzy days.  The songs all have  varied structure, but it is the opposite of the problem with &quot;Eternal  Idol--&quot; imaginative structure and repetitive riffs versus monotonous  conformitism and shapeshifting music.<br />All of this makes for a very weird  album, but the disturbing moments that made Sabbath famous (remember all  those charges so many years ago about subliminal messages?  Solo Ozzy  wasn't the only one...) still leer at you from the darkest corners of your  room, just daring you to turn off the light.  &quot;Dehumanizer&quot; is a  good album, but definitely not the necromancer's dream come true:  a  back-from-the-grave blockbuster with an axe to grind into somebody's skull.   The only thing that grinds about this album is the music.
B0000214F3|5.0|This film reminds intelligent moviegoers of just what movies CAN be when  film makers decide to give us a rest from chase scenes, car crashes,  ill-educated and vapid characters, and sophomoric plot lines.  It's a  pleasure to spend 3 hours with literate, polished, well-dressed, beautiful  actors who portray characters who value themselves and others. Granted, the  film could easily have had 20 minutes snipped from it, thus sparing the  audience the long minutes where the actors merely stare at each other  endlessly; certainly those long moments do little to advance the plot. But  so much more is good about the movie that this can be tolerated.  Pitt is  superb as Death learning, and understanding, how beautiful life is.  And  it's extremely refreshing to have a respite from moviedom's perpetual  bashing of big business and instead, to see a successful buinessman  portrayed as a hero of integrity.  Sir Anthony Hopkins could not have been  better, or more at home, in this role.  The movie deserves better than it  received at the hands of the critics, and shame on the Academy of Motion  Picture Arts &amp; Sciences for ignoring this beautiful film, its story,  cast, and production values.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Wow! Truly an amazing CD! If you are looking for more after Slim Shady this will definitely not disappoint you.  Songs like What I am, Stan, Kim, and Criminal are brilliant.  The whole CD is excellent though.
0321012542|5.0|David Bevington gives us a well-researched and useful edition of William Shakespeare's complete works.  The bard's plays are, of course, indescribably good, and would be in any edition.  Thus, an editor's job is  to provide annotations to explain archaic vocabulary or 16th Century  references which would otherwise escape us, to give the reader the best  text available--since Shakespeare's plays were originally not written for  publication but only for production on the stage, this is a recurring  problem--to write short introductions to plays which guide a reader about  certain themes recurring in the play, and to provide other helpful material  in a general introduction and in end notes.  Bevington succeeds at all  these tasks.  His annotations are, as a rule, helpful without being  intrusive.  Bevington seems instinctively to know when a word or phrase  needs to be explained and when a description of a phrase not immediately  obvious to modern readers would be more harmful than helpful by breaking up  the flow of the text.  His introductions to each play are insightful.  A  good example of this is Bevington's introduction to Much Ado About Nothing  in which he explains that the Sixteenth Century pronunciation of  &quot;Nothing&quot; was the same as the pronunciation of  &quot;Noting.&quot;  Since the play involves numerous instances of people  overhearing other character's conversations, the play's title has a double  meaning--i.e., it is both Much Ado About Nothing and Much Ado About Noting.  Finally, Bevington's introductory and concluding general remarks are also  quite good.  For example, Bevington gives brief descriptions of the  Elizabethan stage and the history of Shakespearean productions over the  last four hundred years in his introduction. He also gives his take on the  controversy over whether Shakespeare wrote all his plays himself. After the  plays, he gives the sources of the text for the various plays, including  how the plays were first published..
0679777547|3.0|The plot of Club Dumas kept me turning the pages until the end.  But because I found the characters and relationships unreal and annoying, I found myself skimming over those many scenes that were unimportant to the  plot.<br />The plot involving lovers of books, lovers of reading, and lovers  of both is involved and compelling.  But I found the relationships, and  especially the sex, filled with cliches and hardly necessary to the  story.<br />Ultimately, the read was unsatifying and more of a time-killer.   If you're looking for a book for a plane ride it might be the ticket  though.
0790734850|5.0|I'm not going to ramble on for volumes like some of the other reviews I've read. Let me simply say that this movie does everything right. The story is excellent and full of surprises, the characters are fascinating and  complex, the acting is superb (especially Russel Crowe and Guy Pierce), the  mood is just right. I could go on and on because I love this movie so much,  but I won't. If you like intelligent and well-made films, you have arrived  at one of the best ever made, period.<br />Let me also say that those people  who gave bad reviews to this film are simply clueless. I can think of no  other explanation. They must have been watching a different movie.<br />Movies  of this quality come along once in a blue moon. Do yourself a huge favour  and pick it up. You will see what an incredible movie L.A. Confidential is.  The best movie of the 1990's!
B00004SCX6|3.0|I like to get my groove on when I listen to Britney Spear's pop hit, &quot;Oops! I did it again!&quot; One time in gym class, this song came on and I proceeded to bop my head back and forth because I thought I was at  one of her concerts. Wasn't that a tease!  In fact... when I watch the  music video I feel like she's teasing me. I keep telling her to stop, but  no, she never does. In conclusion, I feel that this is a good album to get  your groove on or bop your head to, especially if you feel like you're  being teased by Britney.
0684803356|4.0|This book is set in Spain during the Spanish Civil war.  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; is the story of an American helping a guerilla group hiding in the mountains of Spain, fight the Fascists.  The main character  is Robert Jordan, who is a college professor in the United States.  He  loves Spain so much that he joined the Republican Army and started to fight  with them against the Fascists.<br />He has ben assigned to take a small group  of people, who are hiding in the mountains, and blow up a bridge that is  important to the Fascist Army.  He has bad feelings about this but goes  ahead with the plan anyway.  He had his palm read, and that told him that  bad things were going to happen.<br />At one point in the book, a Republican  rebel fighter describes in detail how they rid the small town of Fascist  control.  The Fascist polive force had their headquarters blown up, and the  policemen were executed eventually.  The Republican townspeople were forced  to kill the Fascist townspeople with clubs, shovels, and other crude  weapons.<br />Even though Robert Jordan has a grave concern about the future,  he believes in Spain and what it could be.  He is willing to give up his  life so that Spain may be a free country and people are free to enjoy it  the way that they want to.<br />I think that this book shows how the  inner-strength of one man can be strong enough to help many people.  I also  think that the book says that one idea that you believe in, may be worth  dying for in order to preserve the freedom of that idea.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This version of Sleepy Hollow was not intended to frighten as much as it was intended to gross out or entertain. It even merits a comedy award at times. Is this bad ? By no means. Depp's semi-comical performance as the  easily grossed-out and chicken Ichabod Crane is a relief (from his stint on  the weak Astronaut's Wife).Christina Ricci, who played Katrina, is just as  skilled; She still needs to drop her Wednesday- Addams Family dead pan  facial expressions, though. <br />The GC effects are to be admired. This is  one decapitation film where the camera never leaves the victims or does a  cut away like in older films when the horseman is decapitating them; the  viewer sees a clean decapitation from start to finish. The location and  setting are amazing and really put the viewer back in time.  <br />For  nostalgic film buffs, there's even an English actor by the name of Ian  McDiarmid who has a small role in Hollow. Why is this actor so  interesting?...He's the evil and villainous Senator/Emperor Palpatine from  the StarWars films !
B00003CX5A|5.0|Again Burton proves that his impressionistic, dark, and completely absorbing imagination is at its peak. This is not &quot;Beetlejuice&quot;, it is something far superior.<br /> In the small village-shanty town Sleepy  Hollow, heads are being lopped off at an unnerving rate. Ichabod Crane  (Depp) is sent to investigate after his peers tire of his protests against  the current judicial system. Upon his arrival he is greeted by the entire  caste and immediately falls under the bewitching spell of Sleepy Hollow.  Digging deeper into the madness he began's to find a trail, and following  this trail could lead to his grave.<br /> Burton remains true to the legend in  many aspects. His Ichabod is cowardly and overdramatic, a role Depp may  have been born for. Ricci's surreal character is alluring and well thought  out, enchanting the viewer with her beauty and mystery. <br /> And although he  has very little screen time, Walken steals the show. Burton's horseman is  more terrifying alive than dead when Walken's serious overbite is present.  <br /> The magic, mayhem, and complete majesty of this haunting film will  ensare viewers, and although the tongue-in-cheek moments are present, they  are brief to allow the thrills complete control. Definitely a welcomed  change for Hollywood's usual idea of horror and a much needed return to the  classic traditions.
B000001XO3|5.0|Even if you have one or several other performances of any or all of the Ring operas, this set would be a very worthwhile addition. The unqualified recommendation was made because of this set's excellent value for the  money. I have some reservations about Astrid Varnay's portrayal of  Brunnhilde, as I find her pitch a bit uneven, but her vocal  characterization is excellent. She was apparently very good at acting the  role too. It is remarkable how many great Wagner sopranos have come from  Scandinavia - Nilsson, Flagstad, Varnay, Frida Leider, just to name a few.   The rest of the singing is generally very good to excellent and Hans Hotter  in particular sounds better here than he did for Hans Knappertsbusch at  Bayreuth in 1957, or for Georg Solti a few years later.  Clemens Krauss is  brisk and exciting, some would say even more than Bohm or Boulez, and the  orchestral playing is outstanding. I still prefer Furtwangler's conducting  in his 1950 La Scala set, not to mention Flagstad's vocally superior  assumption of Brunnhilde, but the Krauss has much better sound, and the  advantage of the superior Bayreuth acoustics. In the same price range as  the Furtwangler, this set deserves equal consideration, and those who  insist on at least reasonably full mono sound will probably prefer this  one. A case can be made that this recording might be the one to have of all  the live Bayreuth sets, I would rank it ahead of Knappertsbusch and, at  least vocally, ahead of Boulez too (even Varnay is better vocally than  Gwyneth Jones). Whether or not it surpasses Bohm is a judgment call, but  Bohm's set is a lot more expensive.<br />I believe the 4 operas are also  available separately for very competitive prices and at the very least  anyone interested should acquire a copy of the Gotterdammerung, which is a  wonderful performance, for the same price as a typical single CD.
0880381736|5.0|After almost eight years removed from having first read the book on the recommendation from a friend, I can still feel the magic of this awesome tale that began years ago and still continues to wow its audience.  I have  read all of Weis and Hickman's books and though i know how it will end, the  excitement never leaves.  From Tanis's trouble with his home and dear,  noble friend Sturm, to the mysterious bond between Raistlin and Caramon,  the love of Riverwind for Goldmoon, to the peculiar relationship between  Flint and the joyful Tasselhoff, over and over I have read this book and  over and over the magic remains.  Once you embark on this epic journey, you  will never stop.  For those interested in the true classic of all Fantasy  books (yes Mr. Jordan I know you stole from this series, every bit as much  as Goodkind stole from you) the Chronicles and the books that follow are  the true legends of their respective genre.
B000002NAK|5.0|This two disc effort rules...Madonna fits the role of Evita perfectly, and to my great surprise, Antionio Bandaras can actually sing.  That is almost as big as the surprise that Madonna can really act (a surprise increased  when one views her other um, wonderful movies).  Standout tracks abound  here.  My favorite disc is the first one, which features &quot;On This  Night Of A Thousand Stars&quot;-a great track by Jimmy Nail, &quot;Another  Suitcase In Another Hall&quot;, &quot;Santa Evita&quot;, &quot;Goodnight  And Thank You&quot; (my favorite song on the album, a real scorcher, and  &quot;Rainbow High.&quot;  Other  fine tracks on this album are &quot;You  Must Love Me&quot; (a really nice slow ballad), and of course, &quot;Don't  Cry For Me Argentina&quot; (though for some reason I prefer the  accordian-laced fast remix played on the radio better).  You can't go wrong  with this album...it's wonderful...not a bad track, and lots of great  ironic humor about Evita, much of it provided by Antionio Bandaras as Che  Guevara.
B000001DYA|5.0|these guys were excellent. Summertime blues is the best!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I'm going to keep this short and sweet.  If any band can bring metal to the lofty heights it attained in the mid 80's, Iron Maiden is that band.  BRAVE NEW WORLD is the first salvo for metals resurgence in the new  millenium.  Tracks such as &quot;The Mercenary&quot; and &quot;Ghost of the  Navigator&quot; are immediate headbangers that fans should love.   Elsewhere, Maiden stretches out further into proggy territory but keeps it  heavy metal.  Really, in a just world this record will sell a lot of  copies.  Cheers Iron Maiden!
B0000046W9|5.0|My husband bought this set for me for Christmas several years ago, and he's been handsomer ever since. And I've been cooler. And my friends have been smarter.  This collection could change your life.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This whole CD is great. There are not many Cd's I can listen to from beginning to end, but here is one. The song Maria is sure to please listeners with all types of musical tastes. Rock, Rap, Hispanic or guitar  fans will be impressed!
B000005JXG|5.0|From start to finish this is the Pogues' best album -- thoroughly satisfying through and through.  Shane was at the top of his form, and the rest of the band sounds fresh and inventive. This was the first Pogues  album I owned, and it has stood the test of time.  Forget those 'best of'  compilations and get this album instead.
B00004T9UF|3.0|I am a fan of Eminem, Dre, Snoop and the whole family, but I have to say I'm not impressed with this release. There are a few songs on here that are what was expected like the Real Slim Shady and Drug Ballard, but overall  the beats are dull. The lyrics are what we have come to expect and like,  dirty and derogatory, but he doesn't have the beats to accompany them. I'm  not upset with the purchase, but wouldn't recommend it. Borrow a friends.  This is not a good follow-up to his previous outstanding release.
6305776326|4.0|I thought Superstar was the best movie I have ever seen!  I can relate to her unpopularity.  This is the best thing Molly Shannon has ever done!        Superstar is about a girl named Mary Kathrine who is left out of  everything.  Mary even got put in Special Ed because of her weirdness.       There are very funny things along the way.        I think the casting is  good.  Elaine Hendrix always plays a good bad guy, and Will Ferrel is very  funny.  I also think whoever played Helen (Mary's friend) was very good.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I am not embarrased to admit I am a fan of Britney, her music and physical appearance! I just recently bought this album expecting many up-beat songs, like Oops I did it again... The song satisfaction is a creative remake.  Most other songs are slow and fail to excite me or even wake me up. If you  like these slower songs, like &quot;Broken Heart&quot; off her previous  album, you should like this.
B00004RFCM|5.0|For guys who cut this show down, you ARE one of the losers typically portrayed on this show and you know who you are.  This show is so Not subtle but it amazingly feels like it while watching.  That is of course a  testament to it's power and mostly to the four actresses, especially Kim  Cattrall and Cynthia Nixon.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Having been bowled over by the humor of his first album, I was leveled by the force of Eminem's newest. &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; shows a different, more mature side of Eminem - though no less gritty or  uncompromising in his lyrical approach. Even though tackling the sudden  responsibility of being a public figure and hero to his fans, he isn't  afraid to spill the expletives or gruesome fantasies. Not as much cheeky  comedy here, but a very compelling record.
B000000OTU|5.0|NOTE TO OTHER SO-CALLED ROCK BANDS RELEASING A &quot;GREATEST HITS&quot; ALBUM......................THIS IS HOW THE GREATEST ROCK BAND IN OUR COLLECTIVE LIFETIME PUTS OUT A GREATEST HITS CD.  OTHER BANDS SHOULD TAKE  NOTE.  THIS ALBUM IS SOLID FROM BEGINNING TO END.  NO WEAK SONGS HERE. JUST  THE BEST OF THE BEST BAND FROM THE 80s AND early90s.  THIS ALBUM IS WORTH  THE MONEY YOU PAY FOR.  &quot;WALK ON WATER&quot; IS GREAT BUT I LOVE  &quot;DEUCES ARE WILD&quot; AND &quot;BLIND MAN.&quot; OH YEAH......I  ALMOST FORGOT.  I LOVE ALL OF THE SONGS SO IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT WAS  PREVIOUSLY SAID.  I HAVE SEEN SOME &quot;BIG ONES&quot;, BUT THIS IS THE  BIGGEST, BADDEST BEST OF 'EM ALL!
0767830555|5.0|Taxi Driver is a great film, and the makers have done it justice by creating a Collectors Edition DVD filled with cool added features.<br />The picture and sound quality of this DVD are consistently great - only let  down by a grainy section at the end of the movie, where the original print  had to be desaturated (to satisfy the censors by making the scene look a  little less... red).  The making-of documentary is approaching an hour in  length, and features the director, many of the crew and all the significant  actors. Robert de Niro, Jodie Foster, Martin Scorsese and the make-up /  special effects artist provide the most interesting behind-the-scenes info,  but the whole documentary is intelligent and well-made.  In addition to  that, you get a storyboard section where Scorsese's original sketches are  matched to the corresponding scenes in the movie, and you get the whole  original screenplay, with each section linked to the related movie scenes.   Also the original (melodramatic!) movie trailer is included.  All in all, a  very good conversion.  I hardly need to add my thoughts on the movie - I  agree with all the excellent reviews here.  Travis Bickle is a unique  anti-hero.
B000003CMD|4.0|its a good effort but you can tell theres no duane`,i give the allman brothers credit for doing such an awsome album without duane allman but its not as good as live at the fillmore or ludlow garage
B00004SCX6|2.0|&quot;Oops!...&quot;, is a much better CD than Britney's first, &quot;Baby,One More Time&quot;, but it is still not good enough to be called a good CD. One reason is because almost all the songs have the same  beat. Another is because her love songs are cheesy and dull. Don't waste  your money. Just get the singles.
B000003CM9|5.0|idlewild south is an awsome album but its not there best.i really like hoochie coochie man its better than muddy waters version,berry oakly sounds like johny winter!
B00003CX5A|5.0|i just bought the dvd of sleepy hollow and was very impressed with the  look of the film and the suspense surrounding the mystery of the headless  horseman and the secret kept by the townspeople. the extra features(such as  the making of featurette)are a plus too,making this movie a must for any  dvd collection.
B000003CM8|5.0|i love this album dont want you no more kicks ass and when the song ends greg screams in a low down and dirty shearing voice that sends tingles down my spine,on trouble no more duane has not yet mastered the slide but the  song is still awsome and when black hearted women and every hungry women  come on its an uplifting rocker yet its sad in the same way and when dreams  comes in it feels like your floating and then wippin post drives you to the  end and when its over you are in a sweat and its like coming down
0780626494|5.0|This movie is a very great movie for the romance lover. It's also a great  movie for the comedy lover. But most importantly, it's great for the drama  lover. It's about a boy named Adam Webber born and raised in a bomb  shelter, all proposed by his father, who locks him and his wife in a bomb  shelter for 3 decades due to a nuclear war threat, but the whole time  they're down there, nothing happens. But when the 3 decades pass and Adam  becomes a grown man, and the shelter opens at last, Adam decides he wants  to see the outside world, and his parents realize they can't coop him up  any longer. And since they're low on supplies anyway, they send him up in  hopes of buying supplies and bringing down a &quot;healthy young  woman&quot;, but with caution, because his father previously went up and  was shocked beyond belief by the fact his surroundings are not what they  used to be: Cheerful people replaced by stumbling drunks, bright blue skies  replaced by gloomy ones, and beautiful buildings replaced by run-down  shacks, and Adam's father hurries down to the shelter and tries to perish  the thought of going up at all, but has a heart attack through the entire  experience. So Adam goes up to do just that and to make his ailing father  proud. But through the whole movie, a bizarre religious group thinks Adam  and his family are the family of heaven, but later save the day near the  end of the movie. He then finds the &quot;perfect&quot; young woman, Eve,  your average 90's woman who frankly thinks Adam is a freak, but grows to  like him and doesn't know it, but Adam is viewed differently by her gay  roommate Troy. Through it all, Adam almost loses Eve repeatedly, and risks  being locked up in the loony bin, but in the end he and Eve realize they  love each other, then he, Eve, and Troy build his parents a new house with  Adam's riches that he didn't even know he had, through his very old and  very valuable baseball cards, stock certificates, and accessories, and live  happily ever after.<br />So if you like a wonderful combo of romance, comedy  and drama, see Blast From The Past. You'll be pleasantly surprised.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I Usually listen to music without words and I'm a Big Star Wars Fan. When I saw that the music came out I was eager to get it and didn't rest untill I had enough money to get it. I Listen to it all the time!  my Fav Person  on Star Wars Is Darth Maul and hope soon to get all the shirts. <br />I enjoy  John Williums songs on this and rate it a 5! i Think this is one of his  best composiotions and am eager to see what music he comes up with for Star  Wars Episode 2 Rouge Planet.
B0000026DJ|5.0|\\"Diesel &amp; Dust\\" is another album of remarkable songs from the Oils. How do they keep doing it? Could it be that they are committed, and if so, to what? Are they just putting it on, or are they deeply concerned with the  environment and native rights and the quality of human life everywhere, not  just in Australia? If not, it's amazing that they can go on demanding and  proclaiming and \\"bearing witness,\\" if you'll forgive the term, for a  certain amount of consideration for the Earth and its denizens.<br />The Oils  address Australia as a whole, black, white and brindle, sending out clear  messages about our present values, and in so doing they address the whole  world. Maybe that accounts for the phenomenal success of the band overseas,  even though they sing almost exclusively about Australian themes. Or maybe  they've just managed to make whatever they sing about, have a universal  application. This is definitely an unusual Rock band, one that defies easy  categorisation. If you haven't heard the Oils yet, pick up \\"Diesel and  Dust,\\" or \\"Earth and Sun and Moon,\\" or \\"Blue Sky Mining.\\" Chances are, once  you've heard one, you'll want to get the others as well. It's very rare in  my experience for a band to consistently put out albums of this quality.  And even if you don't care for what they're on about, it won't matter. It's  terrific music as well, and the message will probably get you in the end.
B000006045|5.0|This album gives us the best of both worlds. The hard rockin' riffs of Angel and specially Group Four and the Orbital-like hypnotic, mysterious electonic sounds of the East.  Despite one VERY dissapointing number  (being, of course, Man Next Door)this album should win the hearts of both  rock and electronica fans.  My personal favourites are Group Four and  Interia Creeps, both of which feature Mid and Central Eastern hymns.  I  would recommend this album highly to everybody.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Pound for pound, Brave New World is classic Iron Maiden in the early '80's mold. Steve Harris's songwriting skills haven't wavered any-as his bass skills haven't either. Suprisingly, Bruce Dickinson hasn't lost anything  either. His voice is and was very high pitched and powerful; one you  wouldn't think could stand the test of 20 years. The three guitar attack is  a success, not too crowded like we all thought it might sound. Each  guitarist's solos are unique and are easily differentiated from the other.  Some of the songs run a little long (the entire CD is 67 min.) but can we  have too much of a good thing? Buy this one, you get your money's worth  with this length and quality. If you're a Maided fan of old, you might even  like this one better than &quot;Number&quot; or &quot;Piece&quot;.
B00003CWRX|5.0|This is how interesting and attention grabbing The Insider is. I saw the microphone on its boom bob into the top of frame in three seperate scenes. Once it popped in twice in one scene. At the cinema, the woman in the seat  three to my left practically lept up and yelled &quot;look theres the  microphone&quot;. As it was I was distracted by her pointing each time. It  didn't matter, the movie was great anyway. I said to myself it gives it  that documentary feel a true story has. As it turns out not everything in  the film is true and Mr. Wigand's ex-wife has made public her disagreement  with the way events surrounding the break up of their relationship as  depicted in the movie. Plus there were no death threats. That as it maybe,  the sense of being on edge is terrifically conveyed by Russell Crowes  performance. The issues are somewhat technical but the crux is that Crowe's  character could have done jail time for breaking a contract. Though I think  lawyers would be glad to stop him in any way they could. There were  attempts at a smear campaign and theres a crucial scene at the deposition  of Crowe's character when the lawyers start shouting. Not the best formula  for justice. If legal matters, politics or watching current affairs excite  you and you'd like to see more then this is a film for you. If you've  broken a contract and are awaiting a decision which will affect your fate  then take heart from this but be warned.<br />Michael Mann is a winner. He can  make drama and then some, I was really hooked by this movie. Al Pacino gets  a home run also and Christopher Plummer delivers convincingly. Full marks  to all involved except the sound boom operator but this movie is so good I  can forgive that.
038532653X|4.0|As a young-adult writer, I read many books for this age group.  Often, they tend to be formulaic.  Not Skellig!  From the moment Michael discovers the strange creature -- man, bird, or angel? -- in his parents' garage, I  was taken in.  You will be too, whether you're a child or an adult.   Almond's attention to detail (Would an other-worldly being eat chinese  food?) is what gets you.  But what holds you are Michael's &quot;real  world&quot; problems, his baby sister's illness, his family's move, the  fact that his old friends, Leakey and Coot, think his new friend, Mina,  strange.  I was unable to put this book down until I found the resolution.   I'll be buying a copy for my 10-year-old nephew, but I recommend it for  both kids and adults.
0393317552|1.0|The book has a good deal of valuable history and science in it.  Unfortunately, they are put to an unworthy use. Diamond is intent on reminding us that western culture does not deserve its dominant place in  the world.  Not that western culture didn't have the natural assets he  deems useful.  It's that western culture isn't nice enough or smart enough  to be where it is. There are some laughably transparent cases of special  pleading.  One of his New Guinea tribes must be smarter than practically  anybody else because most meetings with a stranger have a potential for  lethal combat.  That they can figure out how to escape such an introduction  must mean they're smart.  How about they're dumb to have such a culture? A  vague and huge ancient language group includes both North Africa and  classical Greece.  This should, he says, surprise people who think Greece  is notable by itself.  As if the glory that was Greece should be spread out  to North Africa because their proto-language might have been the same.  Or  the North Africans started the whole thing. Pizarro defeated the Incas  because the Inca was illiterate.  The Inca didn't understand the depths of  European duplicity.  Not having read some European history.  The Inca in  question had just conquered a rival in a bloody civil war, but was a child  in intrigue.   Who takes this stuff seriously? One blurb on the jacket told  us that the book was going a long way in the battle against racism.  I  should have known.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This album is their best effort in ten years.  Forget X-factor, Virtual X, and even Fear of the Dark this is Maiden how it should be.  The songs remind me of Seventh Son era alot.  The structures and changes are stronger  than ever.  To quote a friend of mine it is a good day to be Metal.  Also  the Wicker Man promo has US Tour dates which are for early Augest.  This  album Kicks it old school.
B00003CWN2|5.0|This film is by far the most amazing movie I've ever seen.  All the wonderful reviewers here that describe the movie in depth, find just the right words to express its meaningful and worthwhile storyline.  I was  touched immensely by this film, as I'm sure many people were, and found  Brandon/Teena, male or female, the most soulful and pure person I have  ever, in my life, encountered.  Swank and Sevingy put their hearts and  souls into their characters, and it shows.  After seeing the movie, I  listened to the cd.  And even now, having listened to it about a BILLION  times, I still cry every time I hear &quot;The Bluest Eyes in Texas&quot;.  I do not recommend this movie for everyone, although I think everyone in  the world SHOULD see it, but for those who want to see a movie with a very  important message, this is indeed, a MUST SEE.  :)
B00004T9UF|5.0|The best CD I have ever heard since Makaveli the 7 day theory Every song should be listened to carefully I especially like the song called Stan, and the way I am you could feel what he is going through and the song stan is  just plain sad...
B00003CWOL|5.0|I thought this movie was terrific.  Kevin Smith's best movie yet.  I love  how he shows what religion should be.  Based on Faith not belief.   Entertaining as well as enlightening.  Thanks Kevin.  Snoogans
B00001OH7Y|5.0|This is my very favorite Bowie album and I honestly think his best.  It follows the excellent \\"Berlin Trilogy\\" of &quot;Low,&quot; &quot;`Heroes',&quot; and &quot;Lodger&quot; and is actually a culmination  of Bowie's entire career so far.  As such it is loud, manic, desperate,  paranoid and even political.  Its also simply great music with intriguing  lyrics sung with the strongest voice Bowie can muster.     <br />Like many of  his albums, &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; has a structural continuity. While  this one isn't a concept album like &quot;Ziggy Stardust,&quot;  &quot;Diamond Dogs,&quot; or &quot;1. Outside,&quot; it has a beginning,  middle and end.  The album begins and ends with two highly different  versions of \\"It's No Game.\\"  The opening version is loud and angry.  Bowie  virtually screams out the lyrics as a woman concurrently shouts them out in  Japanese.  All the while is a screeching guitar and a tense build up to  Bowie's closing cry of \\"Shut up!  Shut up!\\"  It's a powerful, confusing and  even scary start of a wild ride.  In contrast, the closing version of \\"It's  No Game\\" is deliberately spent.  Where Bowie was trying to punch his way  out of a straightjacket in the opening number, by close he has given up.   His power is gone.  The lyrics are easier to follow, and although their  meaning is somewhat obscure, they come across as resignation.  The listener  is also spent by this point.  It's as absolute an ending as can be, even  more so than \\"Rock  N' Roll Suicide\\" at the end of &quot;Ziggy.&quot;  This  is why any \\"bonus songs\\" tacked on to the end of this album detract from  it.<br />As an interesting side note about \\"It's No Game,\\" the lyrics borrow  from a highly obscure song Bowie wrote in the 60's called \\"Tired of My  Life.\\"  More evidence that &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; is a summation of all  his work.  <br />In the middle of the two versions of \\"It's No Game\\" are eight  of Bowie's best songs, many of which were too complex and disturbing for  top-40.  The two best known are \\"Ashes to Ashes\\" and \\"Fashion.\\"  \\"Ashes to  Ashes\\" puts to rest any question about whether Bowie's first hit, \\"Space  Oddity,\\" was a drug song.  This time, \\"we know Major Tom\\" (the hero from  \\"Space Odditiy\\") is a junkie. \\"Ashes to Ashes\\" does a better job of  conveying the addiction experience than John Lennon's screams in \\"Cold  Turkey\\" or The Velvet Underground's droning guitar in \\"Heroin.\\" Musically,  \\"Ashes to Ashes\\" is one of the milder songs on Scary Monsters, which is  probably why it became a hit.  The irony is that most casual listeners  probably had no idea of what it's about.  <br />\\"Fashion,\\" on the other hand,  is probably the most obvious song on the album.  Bowie compares popular  culture style shifts with politics.  Fashion with fascism.  \\"Fashion!  Turn  to the Left.  Fashion!  Turn to the Right.\\"  No mystery in the meaning  here, but a clever parallelism. <br />\\"Scary Monsters (and Super Creeps)\\" (the  song), \\"Teenage Wildlife,\\" \\"Scream Like a Baby\\" are driving and desperate.   They feature some of the best guitar and percussion on any of Bowie's  songs.  They lyrics are obscure but vaguely disturbing.  Is Bowie singing  about some sort of future-fascist takeover, a drug-induced hallucination,  or something else entirely?  One thing he's doing with these songs is  harshly criticizing his own past-- and possibly future-- work, in part by  offering a superior alternative.  \\"Teenage Wildlife\\" mocks Bowie imitators  - \\"Same old thing in brand new drag\\"  -- while anticipating &quot;Let's  Dance&quot; - \\"So you train by shadow boxing, search for the truth.\\"   &quot;Let's Dance&quot; would be Bowie's next album, three years later, and  his biggest hit, and features Bowie shadow boxing on the album cover.  It's  also considered to be a commercial sellout by many fans.  Could he have  been thinking about doing a pop album somehow linked to boxing back when he  was making \\"Teenage Wildlife\\"?  Here he sings;  \\"Break open your million  dollar weapon, And push your luck, still you push, still you push your  luck, A broken nosed mogul are you, One of the new wave boys.\\"<br />The  galloping \\"Scream Like a Baby\\" is more about the transformation from raw to  cooked, as Bowie and all his qualities get pounded into submission by  something like the quasi governmental force from &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot;  until he learns \\"to be a part of soc-society.\\"  \\"Scream Like a Baby\\"  features some recycles gimmicks, like a \\"Ch-ch-ch-changes\\" stutter and an  \\"All the Madmen\\" style insane-elf voice.  But this time Bowie takes those  devices and makes art from them.  <br />The two last songs before the final  \\"It's No Game\\" are amongst the most depressing in Bowie's catalogue. In  \\"Kingdom Come,\\" Bowie laments, \\"Well I walked in the pouring rain, And I  heard a voice that cries `It's all in vain,' The voice of doom was shining  in my room I just need one day somewhere far away\\"<br />The song recaptures  and updates the hopelessness of &quot;Hunky Dory's&quot; \\"Quicksand.\\"   Again, an old theme done better this time around.<br />\\"Because You're Young\\"  sounds more optimistic, but if anything is actually bleaker.  \\"A million  dreams, a million scars.\\"  The song is about a dashed vision of hopeful,  youthful love.  The delusions of recently exited youth is another theme of  the album.  \\"Because You're Young\\" is a warning for all the \\"little metal  faced boys\\" and \\"Psychodelicate girls\\" who may be listening.<br />&quot;Scary  Monsters&quot; is more of an experience than an album.  It should be  listened to repeatedly for a full appreciation.   It is rock music in its  very highest form, and the highlight of David Bowie's contribution.
630420065X|5.0|Tom Cruise is the super-spy of almost impossible glamour and agility in  Brian DePalma's bravura tapestry of international intrigue and false  starts.  Yes, this movie is a true labyrinth of twisting dead  ends/suspense, and it requires you to think a little, double-guessing your  own guesses along with the many twists provided by the plot.  DePalma is in  his Untouchables mode here; the set pieces and action sequences have that  dense, spellbinding beauty that draws you in.  The sequence involving  Cruise suspended by a single cord is nail-biting and cool, cool, cool.  The  international locations are gorgeously utilized, as are the  chew-the-scenery acting skills of Jon Voight.  Way cooler, by the way, than  the over-the-top Woo gun-fest, which is stunningly shot, but empty-headed.   Smart, stylish, sophisticated. Plus, Tom: you look even more dynamo with  short hair!
B000002C1X|5.0|The concept of \\"The Wall\\" came from Roger Waters, the member of Pink Floyd who played the most unspectacular instrument but offered ideas for his band that resulted in No. 1 records. This was again a concept album from Floyd, with songs that flow one into the other like a sad river, mixed with sterling sound effects that whiz around in your head long after you hear them. Half of \\"The Wall's\\" greatness is in its sound effects: Ringing phones; a ditzy groupie; smashing objects; the stern schoolteacher; an isolated-sounding operator; the falling bombs; whirring planes; kids screaming; the insistent knocking of a door; the TV incessantly changing from channel to channel. All this extracurricular madness makes the [[ASIN:B000002U82 Dark Side Of The Moon]] seem like a serene day at the office. From the start, this multi-media project (well ahead of its time) was under Roger Waters' thumb. Unfortunately, the bassist's autocratic demeanor tolerated little room for collective brainstorming; ultimately, Waters made it clear that miniscule credit would be shared with his band mates. See for yourself in the gripping read [[ASIN:0385306849 Saucerful of Secrets: The Pink Floyd Odyssey]] by Nicholas Schaffner (1991). As excellent and timeless as \\"The Wall\\" is, it's sad that those involved can't look back on this opus as a true team project.<br /><br />That said, despite what people think, \\"The Wall\\" was far from a Roger Waters solo project. The efforts of producer and mediator Bob Ezrin, for example, were immeasurable. Through all the harsh fights between Waters and Floyd guitarist [[ASIN:B000ELJBAK David Gilmour]], it was the patient and forceful Ezrin who actually sorted out the songs on \\"The Wall,\\" giving it the coherence and structure that make the album so intense and unique. The rough structures of songs were definitely in place from Waters -- as were his excellent lyrics -- but initially they were rough and scrambled. Ezrin sorted Waters' songs out in one night, then asked him to improve them. Keyboardist Richard Wright and drummer Nick Mason barely hovered in the background during the recording process, both disinterested and largely ignored anyway. Eventually the pensive album took on a grandly produced operatic quality, resembling a volatile play  or expensive rock video that most artists don't have the ambition, money or fortitude to create. All in all, studio time was tense, and the  already-drifting members of Pink Floyd drifted even further away from each other. This was to be their last worthwhile and outstanding work, and of course Waters accepted nearly all of the credit.<br /><br />\\"The Wall\\" has lots to say about the disillusionment and isolation of our time. Themes like growing up without a father because of war, dealing with fame, going crazy, the similarities between being in a successful rock outfit on a crazy tour and going to war, losing a wife and shielding yourself -- brick by painful brick -- from the harshness of an often cold world all cast their shadow largely on this record. Despite all this bleakness and not one shred of levity to lighten the load -- unless it's portrayed extremely sarcastically -- the music is excellent. As always, this is where Gilmour came in, along with Ezrin, to save the day. The talented guitarist gets three writing credits for three excellent songs, but word has it that Gilmour put his stamp on a great deal more of \\"The Wall.\\"<br /><br />In the final analysis, \\"The Wall\\" offers a glimmer of hope in the end, though it comes after a lifetime of learning and self-pity. Some may  fault Waters for a feeble, too-sensitive approach to life, as well as a depressing outlook. Be that as it may, the opportunity to peer into the window of his brain proved to be the best thing he could do for music  and the world. Painful or not, \\"The Wall\\" stands as as one of the best  collection of songs ever recorded.improve them. Keyboardist Richard Wright and drummer Nick Mason barely hovered in the background during the recording process, both disinterested and largely ignored anyway. Eventually the pensive album took on a grandly produced operatic quality, resembling a volatile play  or expensive rock video that most artists don't have the ambition, money or fortitude to create. All in all, studio time was tense, and the  already-drifting members of Pink Floyd drifted even further away from each other. This was to be their last worthwhile and outstanding work, and of course Waters accepted nearly all of the credit.     \\"The Wall\\" has lots to say about the disillusionment and isolation of our time. Themes like growing up without a father because of war, dealing with fame, going crazy, the similarities between being in a successful rock outfit on a crazy tour and going to war, losing a wife and shielding yourself -- brick by painful brick -- from the harshness of an often cold world all cast their shadow largely on this record. Despite all this bleakness and not one shred of levity to lighten the load -- unless it's portrayed extremely sarcastically -- the music is excellent. As always, this is where Gilmour came in, along with Ezrin, to save the day. The talented guitarist gets three writing credits for three excellent songs, but word has it that Gilmour put his stamp on a great deal more of \\"The Wall.\\"      In the final analysis, \\"The Wall\\" offers a glimmer of hope in the end, though it comes after a lifetime of learning and self-pity. Some may  fault Waters for a feeble, too-sensitive approach to life, as well as a depressing outlook. Be that as it may, the opportunity to peer into the window of his brain proved to be the best thing he could do for music  and the world. Painful or not, \\"The Wall\\" stands as as one of the best  collection of songs ever recorded.
B00002E285|5.0|The movie was rated R when it was released in theaters, but I think it should be rated NC-17.  it is very well done.  Before you see this movie, you should either hear or buy the album and listen to it.<br />Some parts that  even I don't understand: -Pink swimming in in a pool of blood during The  Thin Ice.<br />-Pink's flesh decaying and turning into a wierd paper meche  thing during Comfortably Numb<br />-Pink cutting himself and shaving his  nipples.<br />-The kids rioting during In The Flesh?<br />-Pink watching TV out  in the desert.<br />Why I think this movie should be rated NC-17:<br />-there is  a scene with Pink and his wife in bed, his wive's breasts fully  exposed.<br />-Pink cuts his nipples.<br />-Pink turns into a paper-meche worm  and later rips the coating off and emerges as a new Pink.<br />-Flowers  imitate female and male sex organs and copulate.<br />-many women go to a  joint, bust security with their good looks, strip to the waist, and perform  oral sex on a cop.<br />-Pink is seen in bed, naked, copulating with his wife,  naked.<br />-Gerald Scarfe's cartoon figures have details that expose breasts  and anuses.<br />-There is a lot of blood and gore in the movie.
B000024QML|4.0|I enjoy coming back to this CD every once in a while.  It never disappoints.  It contains some of Neil's best lyrics.  The melody is great in &quot;Different Point of View&quot;.  If you are leary about buying a  PSB album I say fear not give &quot;Very&quot; a try.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I have to say I was a little hesitant to purchase this album but I can say I was glad I did. Iron Maiden has returned to their glory of the 80's with this album. Great songs, lyrics, guitar work, the whole album just rocks. I  would have to say this album is just as good as Powerslave, maybe better.  It is good to hear Bruce's voice again and the three guitar combo rocks.  Maiden's fans will love this album!
B000001EHS|5.0|I'm writing this review for the 14-17 yr old who may not know who Def Leppard is, the fact is this whole cd rocks you should get it. If you are a music fan you need to be introduced to this band.  They were so important  to pop/rock in the 80s and shouldn't be overlooked.  You will not be  disappointed
B00000F1D3|4.0|Here IS THe Breakdown:<br />1.Believe:  Hello! Can we say this is the best dance song of the 1990's!<br />2.The Power: An ok song, not a great choice for a #2 track but it grows on you.<br />3.Runaway:  Should be a single, a very  fast upbeat song starts of slow and then gets fast.<br />4.All Or Nothing:  ANother club hit, very great song, I feel that is the best song on the  album it has great remixes.<br />5.Strong Enough: Another single, very cool  nice disco feel to it.<br />6.Dove Lamore:  Cool song nice cool beat, she is  singing in Italian, and it has a cool tempo.<br />7:Taking Back My Heart: ok  song not that great.<br />8:Taxi Taxi:  kind of annoying to hear the work Taki  over and over again,  the song has stupid lyrics too, I really hate  it.<br />9:Love Is The Groove:  Another great song I love it.  Very dancy yet  soothing, it is one of those songs that is not too hard not too soft  either.<br />10:We All Sleep Alone:  I think this is a remix of a old slow  song of hers.  It sounds pretty cool and you probably can sing along to  it.<br />Well that is my review hope you liked it, vote for me.
B000002UJQ|5.0|My only hope is that someone out there who hasn't had the pleasure of hearing this CD buys one because of my words.  Not to sound gushing, this is probably the best album of the 1990's (with only Nirvana's Nevermind as  an equal).  Some people have gone as far to say this is on par with Pink  Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon. I would go one further and say this is a  better album.  From the first notes of &quot;Airbag&quot; to the last bell  chiming at the end of &quot;The Tourist&quot; this is 53:29 minutes of  aural opium.  I can't imagine what Radiohead will put out to top this. With  each repeat listening (and trust me I've listened to this a thousand times  - at home, in the car, thru headphones) you can pick out a new song that  sticks in your head like crazy glue.  This CD, to me is like a painting or  a good book - depending on where you are at in life or what your current  mood is you will experience this album in a different way, hear things you  haven't heard before, feel things you haven't felt before.
B000002H97|4.0|This is not metallca's best cd, but compared to other rock cd's released around the same time,[ nevermind, use your illusions] it is far superior. It is also better than any hair bands like poisn and iron maiden.
B00004T8RK|4.0|It's good to still see PJ kicking out the jams after enough ups and downs to fill up a two-hour Behind The Music.  This album seems to be more of a group effort than previous ones.  There is even some songwriting from new  member, Matt Cameron, previously of Soundgarden (you may have heard of them  also)  Eddie sounds solid as usual, and very relaxed.  This CD is probably  about intermediate in quality, not as good as Ten or Vs but better than No  Code.
B000003AEB|5.0|Doggystyle is my favorite rap CD of all time.  I love this CD.  This is by far snoops best album.  None of his others even come close.  I just wish all his albums were this good.
B00004S6GL|4.0|I find it tragic that in the days of mindless pop like Backless Boys and Brainless Spears we are slamming Elliot Smith for what, selling 100,000 CDs versus 10,000.  This is music the masses should be hearing.  Great pop  music.  I personally think the production is great; with more layering on  some tracks and just Elliot and his guitar on others.  It never gets in the  way of the as always excellent songwriting.  Man, this guy throws more  hooks in a two and a half minute song than should be legal.  A lesser  artist could probably just milk the hooks in &quot;Everything Reminds Me of  Her&quot; alone into a double CD.  That song is a masterpiece ans well  worth the price of the CD alone.  So let's not knock Mr. Smith for not  putting the same CD out five times in a row.  Let him grow artistically and  hopefully his audience will too.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|The Maiden legacy continues with 10 new songs, clocking in at a toal of 67 minutes.  Although Maiden now have 3 guitarists, the album really isn't any heavier than previous ones, but it's just as good.  It's great to have  Dickinson and Smith back in Maiden!  Instant personal favorites are Ghost  of the Navigator, Brave New World, Blood Brothers, Dream of Mirrors, and  The Thin Line Between Love and Hate; but I must say there isn't a bad song  on the album.  Up the Irons!
0807230332|5.0|I read this book the summer before 7th grade, my dad made me, and I fell in love with it. I never get tired of reading it! I never would have guessed the ending in a million years! Thsi is compelling and so  suspenseful, if you can put this book down, it would be a miracle. I fully  recomend this to anyone and everyone.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Much has been made of the outlandish suggestions and filthy language that Eminem has made his trademark. There will be a fair amount of people who simply can't get past this stuff to get to the talent that Mr. Mathers  displays on his second album. <br />The beats are strong, and his writing,  while crude, crass and offensive, inspires thought. You may hate it, but it  will make you think. <br />He talks about fame, about how much of an influence  he is (or isn't on kids) and gets more than his share of craziness in as  well. <br />The dark &quot;Stan&quot; is by far the hardest hitting album  about an obsessed fan. The music haunts and the lyrics are chilling.  <br />Like him or not, Eminem has written a significant chapter to the rap  book and is one of the most talented writers and performers in the business  today. <br />... most of the album is not of the  radio/MTV single variety, but it's one of the few albums I would consider a  &quot;must have.&quot;
B00004T9UF|4.0|No one will call Eminem a one-hit wonder after &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; goes platinum.  He'll probably be known from now on as a force of nature.<br />The entire CD blasts a storm of explicit lyrics as well-crafted  as what we heard on &quot;Slim Shady&quot;- you remember, when people first  cocked their head and said &quot;what is this white kid doing,&quot; later  to realize the guy is GOOD.  On the latest album though, Eminem makes the  transition from Broke White Trash Failure to Genuine Star with Anger  Issues.<br />Each track is like looking at Slim's life in a funhouse mirror,  distorted but true to original:  from a deranged fan in the haunting  &quot;Stan&quot; to his mother's lawsuit against him in &quot;Kill  You,&quot; Slim's lyrics always give you the idea that he's exaggerating  his situation, but not by much.  <br />The beats are less hectic on this one-  they are more eerie and bass-heavy, probably a Dr. Dre touch.  Not one for  the little kids because of subject matter (e.g. screamed death threats and  worse in &quot;Kim&quot;), but definitely a pop milestone that will ensure  a mark on the map for Eminem.
6305428352|4.0|From 1979 through 1990, my life was shaped my the choral teachers that taught me from high school until I graduated college. This movie is a tribute to those that have devoted their lives to passing their love of  music to those who could pass it on to their children. Teachers have always  been underappreciated in our society and whether you were influenced by a  music teacher or a teacher of any subject, this movie will make you want to  go out and thank them. There are many Mr. Hollands out there. For me, Mrs  Greene, Dr. Smith, Mrs Keenan, Mrs Thornton and Mrs Howlett are teachers  who influenced my life. See this movie and thank those who teach.
B0000028RR|5.0|They may be a metal band, but not many metal bands mix political manifesto lyrics in their music. By far this is Rage's best album. Truly one of the essential metal albums. Morello is at his best on Battle Of LA, and Zach de  la Rocha is at his best on Evil Empire, but as a WHOLE band, Rage rocks the  best on this album.
B00000DHRX|5.0|In spite of the salt that George Michael has had dropped on his name during the last couple of years, this greatest hits package is fine document of his talent as a singer and a songwriter. The 28 tracks included on this double CD set is divided into one disc titled \\"For The Heart\\" which consists of ballads, and \\"For The Feet\\" which has all of his uptempo songs. Lots of great music here, but unfortunately the American version of this album is missing \\"As\\", his duet with Mary J. Blige. I would have also liked to have seen part one of \\"I Want Your Sex\\", and George's great live version of \\"Love Is In Need Of Love Today\\" included(on the B-side of the \\"Father Figure\\" 12\\"), but aside from that, the song selection is excellent. The new songs \\"Outside\\", and \\"A Moment With You\\"(love the way you weaved that Mtume sample in there George! )are great also. Long time fans and new fans alike will be very pleased with this package.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I thought that Eminem would just ride off into the sunset with a boring sophomore album. I was wrong. He provides more insight into his messed up life, and proves he can hang with the best. This guy has got major writing  and rapping skills, so if you like rap with no qualms about poking fun at  well, everything, and still has great beats and lyrics, get this CD
B000002NIW|5.0|While most metal bands nowadays just scream and expect us to listen, Chino and The Deftones actually bring us in with some singing. What, singing you say? Why he does actually sing on this album(quite well I might add), and  then breaks into the usual metal scream(the silent scream as some people  call it). If you are tired of the same old cookie cutter metal bands, try  this album out, it rocks.
B000000OMJ|5.0|Gabriel's third album (&quot;Melt&quot;) is unquestionably his clearest and most individualistic musical expression, yet one of his least accessible.  Repeat visits reward the listener.  The sound and production  of this album broke new ground in all directions.  It was one of the first  rock albums to feature extensive use of sampled sounds.  It was one of the  first to integrate alternative percussion (marimbas for example).  And of  course it marked the appearance of the Gabriel/Collins &quot;gated  snare,&quot; which after 3-4 years became one of the most widely-used  effects since echo.<br />The &quot;landmarks&quot; make the album unique, but  Gabriel makes it special.  Melt is his most storytelling-focused album, its  brash sound and lyrics more than a bit reminiscent of The Lamb Lies Down on  Broadway.  Gabriel doesn't try very hard to fill your head with soothing  sounds, but he doesn't try to disturb you either.  He seems to want to keep  you thinking.<br />I can think of ways in which every other Gabriel album is  compromised, but not this one.  You may not like it at first, and it may  never be your favorite background music, but if you find Gabriel's thoughts  and sounds appealing, over time you will find yourself mysteriously and  permanently fond of this work.
B00004SCX6|3.0|If you're expecting Baby One More Time and Sometimes all over again, then I wouldn't advise getting this CD.  This CD is more like edgier pop, and  I'm usually alright with this transition.  But this time around, it's  different.  I can't exactly put a finger on it.  The songs I REALLY like  are Oops, Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know, and Where Are You Now.   Overall, whether or not you'll like this album all depends on your  individual tastes.  I hope this review can help.=0)
0783239408|1.0|Once again i bought into the notion that so many critics couldn't possibly  be wrong.THEY WERE! Although i agree that the acting was excellent,and  there were a few funny moments,the film was nothing more than bunch of  pathetic losers that have as much to do with life in the suburbs as Hillary  Clinton.Maybe this is what life is like for the elitist Hollywood crowd and  their psuedo-intellectual movie critics who tell us that &quot;this  brilliant movie peels away the myth of the happy American family to expose  the dark underside of our society&quot;.Can't wait till Toy Story 2 comes  out.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Well folks, being a Maiden fan, above all else, I can honestly say that i Love this album.  It has everything that I love maiden for.  It's fun, fast, and strange.  It is also the best thing of maideness since Accident  of Birth by Dickinson.  If yer wondering, wonder no longer, its really  great.  cheers!
B00002MZ2C|4.0|This is the only Rage CD I own and I gotta say, I'm pretty impressed. The lyrics were tight and the guitar riffs from Tom were great! This is one of those CDs that's better when heard on big speakers instead of headphones.                                                                                                                                             Best songs (in  my opinion):                                                       1]  Testify                                                       2] Guerilla  Radio                                                 3] Sleep Now In the  Fire                                                  4] Mic Check (for  those who like more of a hip- hop edge)<br />                                                          !THIS IS DEFIANTLY ONE TO CONSIDER!
B00004SCX6|4.0|I remeber last year.. Britney Spears was brand new.. and I always thought her voice was fake.. and she couldn't perform.. and I thought she was just a fake girl.. so I never really truely liked her music.. and for some  reason.. I bought her new CD so give it a try.. and I do like it.. it has  some really good songs on it.. but I still dont know what to truely think  of her cd... but so far I like it... Lucky is a good song some girls can  relate to.. Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know is also a good song.. And  everyone already knows Oops I did it Again.. But the Satisfaction remake is  sot of okay... but i really like her cd overall.. and her voice sounds  nice.. But you can definately tell this is a pop cd.. the pamplet has sweet  things that probally make us teen girls go &quot;oh please&quot; lol But  Britney sings good.. and the music is good..
0380788624|5.0|The joy of reading Neil Stephenson is in the words.  <br />There's nothing in Cryptonomicon plot-wise that can't be found in a Len Deighton or (shudder) Clive Cussler novel, but the sturdily constructed and imaginatively  embroidered plot constitutes about, oh, 5 percent of the worth and the fun  of the book.<br />The other 95 percent is Neil Stephenson's way with words.   Neil is Mr. Word Choice.  Mr. Clever Word Choice.  Mr. This Word Will Make  You Laugh at an Otherwise Inappropriate Time Choice.  But ONE THOUSAND  pages of Sardonic Word Choices?  That should get old.  Other writers tread  the edge between sardonic and cynical.  Stephen King does it but he bails  out into the horrible.  Tom Clancy does it (increasingly competently) but  he bails out into the gory.  Stephenson begins by righting himself on the  knife-edge of his wit and starts off at a faster than normal walking tempo  toward his destination.  Then after a while is making headlong dashes right  down that same gleaming divider as if he didn't know it was supposed to  slice him in half with a somewhat silly result.  But he keeps going and  you're both reading the story and waiting for the literary wreck, which  never comes.<br />Aside from the hours you'll spend discovering that you don't  need William F. Buckley's vocabulary to delight yourself with words,  another pleasant aspect of Stephenson's books is that any character whose  company you share for more than a pair of paragraphs turns out to be  intelligent.  You know those subplotted suspense potboilers where you're  forced to spend every fifth chapter with some very determined person  motivated by extreme and permanent hatred, but possessing the subtlety and  mental skill of a tractor tire?  Wrong book.  Not found  here.<br />Cryptonomicon isn't science fiction, per se; it's a suspense novel  set in a more or less Earth-normal setting, although a few proper names get  changed for apparently whimsical reasons (Linux becomes  Finux--&quot;Finland&quot;, get it?).  It could form the basis of  additional works set in the near future, of course.<br />I'm delighted to see  an accomplished word-mangler like Stephenson enjoy success.  He's  exceedingly good at what he does, but don't think he's unique!  If you  enjoy his style you should check out some other authors with exceptional  prose skills and a wry sense of humor: R. A. Lafferty, Robert Anton Wilson  (I recommend the Schrodinger's Cat Trilogy), Fritz Leiber (Fafhrd and the  Grey Mouser stories), early Fred Pohl, and of course Kurt Vonnegut.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I used to be a fan of Britney Spears but then her voice....changed.  Is she constapated or is she choking on something?  Its hard to tell.  Her voice is no Jewel or Christina.  Shes also a little too sexy for her   younger fans.  Does she even realize that she has more younger fans than  older fans.  Oh ya and more FEMALE fans than MALE fans?
0394721780|5.0|When I was just starting out on my own, I was given a copy of The Joy of Cooking.  It was my bible.  Over the years I've purchased many other cook books.  Eventually, I bought The Art of French Cooking.  How I wish I had  had a copy of this book years ago! Finally, the mystery for preparing the  perfect omelet was explained, and beautiful sauces became a normal  occurrence.<br />From now on, along with a copy of Joy, I will give The Art of  French Cooking, volumes I and II to those who are setting up their first  kitchen.  These books provide the perfect platform upon which to build a  personal cooking style and repertoire.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This film is absolutly amazing from the outset. From the credits onward I  knew that this movie was going to be a rollercoaster ride from start to  finish. I went to the cinema three times to see it and every time I was  begging for more. I can't wait to see the extra's the DVD has to offer.  <br />Edward Norton has established himself as &quot;The Man&quot; for the new  millenium I expect a lot more from him in the next few years. I thought he  couldn't top his role in American History X but maybe I will be proved  wrong. This movie is one you could watch 1000 times and never be tired of  it. With an intricate plot and superb special effects Fight Club is the  film that sums up the last millenium.<br />Don't miss out on it because of  what the reviews said in the cinema. It's not just a group of malcontents  beating each other up it's a social comment on modern life. Buy this movie  and change the way you view your life.
B000002J1H|5.0|_Going for the One_ is yet another Yes classic.  (In case you're wondering, they'd been racking up &quot;classic points&quot; ever since they released _The Yes Album_).  &quot;Turn of the Century&quot; is one of  their finest moments, with Steve Howe's tender, aching classical guitar --  few bands could ever make a ballad as delicate, as beautiful as this.   &quot;Awaken&quot; is another career highlight -- Wakeman's stately church  organ, Anderson's delicate harp, White's eerily otherworldly tuned  percussion -- it all blends together to create what is surely a  masterpiece.  &quot;Parallels&quot; is an odd song, and some could question  the validity of Squire and White's backup vocal contributions on this song,  but it's good.  Wakeman's church organ is always nice to hear, though it  was used more effectively on &quot;Awaken.&quot;  The title track can wear  thin on the listener after ten consecutive listeners, but it's still a fun  song, and it's not an embarassment.  Plus, the songwriting is actually very  impressive.  &quot;Wonderous Stories&quot; is, well, &quot;wonderous&quot;  with an e.  Beautiful.<br />Though I like all the songs, &quot;Awaken&quot;  and &quot;Turn of the Century&quot; are my favorites on the album.  _Going  for the One_ was the last pre-_90125_ record I liked in its entirety --  _Tormato_ had too many embarassing moments, and _Drama_ was literally made  by &quot;Machine Messiah&quot; and &quot;Tempus Fugit.&quot;  I give this  five stars out of five, but it's the last pre-90's Yes album (including  _90125_ that I think deserves such high praise).
B00004TJK2|5.0|&quot;The Big Blue&quot; is a splendid film that tells a story of love, desire and the endurance of the human spirit.  The story line is simple enough.  A young man, Jacques has a strange affiliation with the ocean.  He  grows up to love the sea and all her teaming life, and like his father  before him he becomes a professional diver.  However he is drawn into the  competitive world of deep sea diving, a world where men go as deep as they  can without the aid of oxygen.  Jacques is able to go deeper than most men  and it this ability that sets off a chain of events that will lead to  tragedy, heartbreak and finally redemption.  Jacques childhood friend Enzo  is also his rival, where as Jacques dives for the love of the sea, Enzo  dives because it will bring him glory and power.  This film is about their  friendship/rivalry, as they use the ocean to fulfil their respective  dreams.  Jacques falls in love with an American girl Joanne (played by  Rosanna Arquette) who realizes that the man she loves has a destiny beneath  the waves, for Jacques is more dolphin than he is man; more at home in the  sea than on land. This is a dream of film, the music score is glorious, the  filming slow and languid. The characters are wonderful, even the minor  ones, Enzo's mother is a treat as she watches proudly over her sons and  feeds them mountains of spaghetti.  This is a very eclectic film with  something for everyone.  There are many haunting moments too, one taking  place in Jacques bedroom when he dreams that the sea is above him and he  can reach up and touch it. &quot;THE BIG BLUE - VERSION LONGUE&quot; is the  best buy if you can get it as it includes many scenes that were deleted  from the shorter version on offer.  Hopefully the DVD version will include  these as a bonus.  Well worth including in your video/dvd library for  future reference.
B000001ED1|5.0|Joan Osbourne is gifted!  All of the songs on this CD are GREAT!  I found the CD in this pile of CDs my dad has.  I Put it in the stereo and listend to it and fell in love with the guitar and her lyrics!  One of us is one of  my favorite songs! I hope she comes out with more CDs!
6305718903|1.0|Hollywood depicting ANYTHING religious is such a mind-numbing experience anymore -- nothing but the same tired stereotypes and caricatures.<br />Stigmata defeats itself because of its painfully ignorant  (or malicious?) portrayal of Catholicism in particular and &quot;organized  religion&quot; in general ..... as with any such bigotry -- whether racial,  ethnic, religious, etc -- it ultimately appeals only to that core audience  of sympathetics, in this instance those who will never open their minds or  hearts to religion anyway.  In sum, it only preaches to the  choir.<br />Stigmata hedges its bet (probably safely) that its viewers  themselves have no understanding of Catholicism other than what comes from  tabloids or from (equally ignorant) news reporters or from discussions  among (equally ignorant) acquaintances.  Stigmata posits that the Catholic  Church has squelched a &quot;secret&quot; gospel.<br />However, Stigmata  neglects to mention that the secret gospel has been published for years,  and it neglects to mention that NO expert on religion considers that lost  &quot;gospel&quot; to be anything other than a low-quality fraud.  Such  concealment by the filmmakers is the most profound aspect of the film  because of its rich irony or, more accurately, hypocrisy.  (Exposition:   the Creators of the film perpetrated a fundamental fraud in order to  advance their premise that a particular religion has defrauded its  followers.  Nothwithstanding the obvious hypocrisy, if done INTENTIONALLY  then it was truly brilliant -- although I suspect this gives it way too  much credit.)<br />Stigmata is the equivalent to someone publishing the  &quot;lost&quot; provisions of the U.S. Constitution - which announce that  there really is no right to free speech.  No matter how strongly the  government denounced or discredited the story, there would always be those  (such as the black helicopter crowd) who would believe it -- after all, why  ELSE would the government denounceit unless it was true!  This sort of  bass ackwards reasoning will always exist, and always provide a target  audience willing to shell out $8.50 and be manipulated like  sheep.<br />Serious study of religion, philosophy, life?     Gag.<br />Shallow,  mindless entertainment?  Maybe, but with emphasis on the  &quot;shallow&quot; and &quot;mindless&quot;.
B00004SCX6|1.0|One Word For This Disgusting CD-POINTLESS.  It will make great background music for VH-1's &quot;Where Are They Now?&quot; segment in 5 years.  I don't see how this particular record company can market this awful  bubblegum stuff and call it music.  I would say this CD was only made  because the company knows that 11 years olds will buy anything.  It is too  bad these music agents can't find people who are marketable, and can sing,  too.
B000000WA4|5.0|What constantly amazes me, as I sift through the customer reviews of this album, is the profound impact it obviously has on the lives of the people who &quot;get&quot; it.  I suppose that's the benchmark of great music --  it's life-changing.  The Pumpkins had a wealth of brilliant music in their  catalog -- _Siamese Dream_ was possibly even better than this -- but  there's twice as much music here.  And it's so varied -- first we have the  piano-and-violin opener, the instrumental title track, then two songs  later, the Metallica-esque rush of &quot;Jellybelly.&quot;  We have trippy  songs like &quot;We Only Come Out at Night,&quot; we have indescribable  beauty in songs like &quot;By Starlight&quot; and &quot;Thru the Eyes of  Ruby,&quot; we have pure rage in the ubiquitous &quot;Bullet with Butterfly  Wings&quot; and the superb &quot;Bodies.&quot;  I personally like the way  &quot;Farewell and Goodnight&quot; closes with a riff recycled from the  song -- it's sort of Billy's parting shot.  _Mellon Collie_ is a work of  art, no doubt about it -- some people might not like it, but those who  appreciate it will fall in love all over again.  Five stars out of five.
0446343129|5.0|I first read this book a year ago. I'll say this about it:<br />Forget the indespensible information on the completely non-existent nutritional value of refined sugar. Forget the anecdotal mind-blowing gems like how mosquitos and other disease carrying insects fly past a recovered sugar addict's body because they are no longer attracted to what was once sweet smelling and tasting blood. Forget the paradigm shift his expose demands on the causes of a significant portion of all automobile accidents in this country. Forget his linking glucose intolerence to diseases--diagnosed, undiagnosed and falsely diagnosed over the centuries--from tooth decay to epilepsy to heart diesase to schizophrenia to lung cancer.<br />Just ruminate on the historical facts brought out by this man that the hunger for refined sugar, and the subsequent addiction to this mind and body destroying chemical are the architects of:<br />1) the African Slave trade in Europe and the Americas<br />2)the disconnected and disjunct philosophies of mind and body health being separate entities in Western medicine (just now being gradually overturned) unlike everywhere else in world history<br />3)\\"Pagan\\"/mental illness-related diseases of mythical, otherwise inexplicable derivation<br />4) the chemical dependency supply-and-demand relationship and geo-political international trade structure that made everything from the decimation of Native American tribes and lands in the Americas to the drug corporations near dominance of today's American economy, to the Medellin and Sicilian cartels of heroin and cocaine *creating international public policy today* not just possible but INEVITABLE...<br />In short, Mr. Dufty has written one of the most important books of this century, bar none. He has become a public servant to a level rivalling that of leaders and thinkers like Martin Luther, Charles Darwin, Martin Luther King.<br />Hyperbole? Of course. But it's impossible not to get emotional about what this man shows us and teaches us. When you see how he puts together all the evidence, like the final moments of a Sherlock Holmes movie, and see how the mysterious pieces of the most tormented periods of both one's personal life and that of human history since the European Middle Ages fit together and relate, it will downright frighten you with its damning simplicity. Anyone who has been touched by alcoholism, epilepsy, schizophrenia, heart disease, depression, obesity, anorexia, drug addiction, diabetes; racism, religious intolerence, alcohol-, car accident- and drug-related crimes; co-dependency-related divorce, dysfunctional families; in short, every citizen of the Western World--which by political proxy is everyone in the world--will read this book and be changed, even if you do have a cup of cola again.  I have never even come close to successfully getting rid of sugar in my diet.  But the idea that I could change my life, health, soul and sense of the universe completely by achieving it is something that would absolutely never have occurred to me before hand.<br />If that makes you say \\"that sounds so *new agey* it makes me want to gag\\", when you read SUGAR BLUES you'll realize it's the sugar talking!<br />My favorite line from the movie THE USUAL SUSPECTS is \\"The devil's greatest trick is making the world believe he doesn't exist.\\"  I think his real name is Fear; but maybe his real nickname...is Sugar.<br />This book cannot just change lives, it has the power to change the world as we know it.ws us and teaches us. When you see how he puts together all the evidence, like the final moments of a Sherlock Holmes movie, and see how the mysterious pieces of the most tormented periods of both one's personal life and that of human history since the European Middle Ages fit together and relate, it will downright frighten you with its damning simplicity. Anyone who has been touched by alcoholism, epilepsy, schizophrenia, heart disease, depression, obesity, anorexia, drug addiction, diabetes; racism, religious intolerence, alcohol-, car accident- and drug-related crimes; co-dependency-related divorce, dysfunctional families; in short, every citizen of the Western World--which by political proxy is everyone in the world--will read this book and be changed, even if you do have a cup of cola again.  I have never even come close to successfully getting rid of sugar in my diet.  But the idea that I could change my life, health, soul and sense of the universe completely by achieving it is something that would absolutely never have occurred to me before hand.  <br />If that makes you say \\"that sounds so *new agey* it makes me want to gag\\", when you read SUGAR BLUES you'll realize it's the sugar talking!<br />My favorite line from the movie THE USUAL SUSPECTS is \\"The devil's greatest trick is making the world believe he doesn't exist.\\"  I think his real name is Fear; but maybe his real nickname...is Sugar.<br />This book cannot just change lives, it has the power to change the world as we know it.
B00004T9UF|5.0|CHECK THIS ALBUM OUT!  This is by far better than the excellent debut &quot;The Slim Shady LP.&quot;  The best song is &quot;Marshall Mathers,&quot; where Eminem raps about his infamous childhood, instant  fame, and his rap rivals Insane Clown Posse-(&quot;And I don't need help  from D-12 to beat up two females in make up when they try to scratch me  with finger nails&quot;).  There is also the very deep and touching song  &quot;Stan&quot; about a fan who goes too far in his hopes to meat the real  Slim Shady.  For all those haters who think because he's white that he  can't rap, I dare you to buy this album.
0767830555|5.0|Martin Scorscese's Taxi Driver is a highly detailed, superbly engrossing masterpiece, enriched with the subtle nuances of its New York surrounding. The acting in this movie is top notch right down the line, starting with De  Nero's complicated, devoted and compelling  portrayal of the  lonely,detached, and disturbed taxi driver. The performance encompasses a  large facet of qualities, from full scale, rage driven agenda to subtle  exspressions of loss, bitterness, racism, confusion and self indulgence.  His eclectic performance moves in and out of these qualites heightening his  prescence in the flic. The others all play their parts as you would expect  to see such characters in real life, and in there lies Taxi Driver's  strength. It's ability to give a surreal yet almost documentary account to  the stories look and pacing brings the viewer deeper into the story. The  DVD brings out the best in a movie that looked more than slightly dated on  VHS, and also puts in a nice goody bag, complete with an excellent  &quot;Making Of Taxi Driver&quot; that includes over 60 minutes of well  documented sources and info. The DVD's low price and bright pallete of  colors( save for a few instances of grainyness or oversaturated orange)  make a tempting bargain. For first time people enamored with its critical  acclaim and generally good audience reaction, rent first in spight of what  you hear. The film has a love, hate following even among die hard Scorscese  fans.
B00003CWOL|4.0|Smith has the brain for pseudo-intellectual screenplays, and he's at his  peak with the all-too-serious subject of religion in this newest edition of  Kevin Smith archives. Catholics and the Catholic religion are at his mercy  and severest criticism in this film about two angels cast down from heaven  that have found a way to get back in and the destiny of the mortal woman  who must prevent them from reentering and undoing all of human existence.  Heavy subject matter but a mix of light humor and the typical philosophical  rants that most of his characters are known for going on in each of his  movies.<br />And, come to think of it, who better to play the egotistical  seraphim than an equally arrogant mortal pairing such as Matt Damon and Ben  Affleck, Oscar winners for their well-renowned and  too-smart-for-its-own-good screenplay belonging to the overly-praised film  &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot; (I'm willing to bet they had something to do  with the script for this film, too). Other than the tiresome two, there are  amusing and notable performances by the other understated but exceptionally  gifted actors he casted.<br />Salma Hayek rips the type-cast &quot;T&amp;A  girl&quot; shell away from her as the fresh and uninhibited Serendipity, a  muse given a human form and artistic freedom, only to find that her gift  for endless ideas were useless toward her own causes. Jason Lee will  impress as the dark angel Azrael, a subdued and much more tolerable  performance and a far cry from the loud, argumentative, sexually-starved  males he's played in Smith's last two films (Mallrats - a pure travesty,  Chasing Amy). In his middle age, he's shyed away from the angry young man  bit and given himself a little bit more leeway for future  opportunities.<br />As for Jason Mewes, there isn't much of a change except  his acting ability. He has gained a better sense of feeling his lines  instead of just reciting them. If you look back on Clerks, you'll see the  difference between his much-improved status in Dogma and his lack of  emotional transformation (hey, even Jay is a person with feelings!) and  out-of-sync line delivery, his most obvious weaknesses. Trust me, you'll  cringe when you compare the two and you'll thank God for Smith's ripening  ability as a serious director and playwright.<br />Chris Rock is an amusing  sidekick, but he's nothing of a powerhouse actor as much as he is a  comfortably solo comedian. Linda Fiorentino's role as Bethany Sloan  could've been played by many others, but the fact that she was chosen shows  that Kevin Smith is willing to scan a wider area as far as casting goes. He  has his old favorites (Affleck, Damon - he had a cameo in &quot;Amy&quot;,  Lee, Mewes - his partner in crime), but he's broadening his horizons and  inviting new and old talent to wet their feet in his insightful and rather  enlightening brand of thinking. This is what I give four stars for. If not  for the interesting views and acerbic wit Smith is blessed with, this film  wouldn't be watchable. Granted, he has assembled a talented cast, but some  of them are so involved in themselves (particularly Damon and Affleck) that  there would be little harmony among the characters and the entertaining  aspects would fall through the cracks.en his much-improved status in Dogma and his lack of  emotional transformation (hey, even Jay is a person with feelings!) and  out-of-sync line delivery, his most obvious weaknesses. Trust me, you'll  cringe when you compare the two and you'll thank God for Smith's ripening  ability as a serious director and playwright.<br />Chris Rock is an amusing  sidekick, but he's nothing of a powerhouse actor as much as he is a  comfortably solo comedian. Linda Fiorentino's role as Bethany Sloan  could've been played by many others, but the fact that she was chosen shows  that Kevin Smith is willing to scan a wider area as far as casting goes. He  has his old favorites (Affleck, Damon - he had a cameo in &quot;Amy&quot;,  Lee, Mewes - his partner in crime), but he's broadening his horizons and  inviting new and old talent to wet their feet in his insightful and rather  enlightening brand of thinking. This is what I give four stars for. If not  for the interesting views and acerbic wit Smith is blessed with, this film  wouldn't be watchable. Granted, he has assembled a talented cast, but some  of them are so involved in themselves (particularly Damon and Affleck) that  there would be little harmony among the characters and the entertaining  aspects would fall through the cracks.
B000002J1C|5.0|When Yes went into the studio to record their third album (simply titled _The Yes Album_), they were fraught with tension and stress. Their lead guitarist, Peter Banks, had bitterly exited the band's ranks for reasons  that to this day have not been properly explained, and more ominously, the  band knew that if the album did not achieve commercial success, their  contract would be terminated and their recording career, essentially, over.  Perhaps this tension was the missing element they needed to really come  through...<br />...but throughout the record, what's evident in both the  performances and the songs is pure emotion, a quality that was missing from  their first two efforts. Banks' departure was actually a blessing in  disguise; Steve Howe, whose vision melded more with the rest of the band's  natural style, turned out to be a more appropriate guitarist for the band,  actually helping to bring the rest of the musicians into a tighter  ensemble.<br />It didn't hurt, either, that the set of songs they had here was  the strongest, most consistent they had yet written. Two songs from the  album are perhaps best known. The 'epic' &quot;Starship Trooper&quot; is a  sublime piece of vintage art-rock, so strong that to this very day Yes  closes shows with it. &quot;Your Move,&quot; spacious art-rock with a  heartbeat rhythm, is even better, so masterful that when it was released as  a single, it actually made the Top 40, and it pointed to the sound Yes's  later albums would develop.<br />Yet these two songs only tell part of the  story. The opener &quot;Yours Is No Disgrace&quot; is actually the  centerpiece of the album; &quot;Starship Trooper&quot; is, of course,  impressive, but it wasn't as bold or as quintessentially Yes as &quot;Yours  Is No Disgrace&quot; was. A nine-minute-plus &quot;theme and  variations&quot; with an otherworldly melody and inscrutable yet poignant  lyrics, &quot;Yours&quot; makes a striking case for just how wonderful  progressive-rock arrangements could be. Each of the three times the  ubiquitous chorus comes in, the sound behind has changed, usually  radically, and the emotion evoked is wholly different. The sprawling  instrumental sections are quite unlike anything in 90's rock (except, of  course, the Smashing Pumpkins, who are about as art-rock as you can get and  still be &quot;alternative&quot;). Even the Velvet Underground, which I'm  sure has never yet been compared to Yes, has more to do with Yes (John Cale  played the viola for the Velvets before they kicked him out, and the  arrangement for &quot;Yours Is No Disgrace&quot; employs synthesized  strings) than does the sound of Nirvana or Soundgarden.  Steve Howe coaxes  raw emotion from his guitar solos, impeccably using feedback, backwards  tapes, overdubs, and wah-wah pedals at just the right moments; Bill Bruford  bashes away at the drums like tympani, more suitably than even Cream's  Ginger Baker could hope to do; Tony Kaye's shimmering B3 organ permeates  and adds a spiritual atmosphere to the entire peace; and not a note of  Chris Squire's bass is misplaced.<br />&quot;Yours,&quot; however, was not the  only song on the album, despite what this review might lead you to think.   Then there's the ebbing-and-flowing album-closing epic &quot;Perpetual  Change,&quot; whose arrangement is nearly as perfect as that of  &quot;Yours&quot;; the exhilarating virtuoso work of Steve Howe on  &quot;Clap,&quot; [no &quot;the&quot; as the album says, it doesn't really  refer to syphilis] a forgotten form of country guitar pickin'; or the  mystical, spacious sound of &quot;A Venture&quot; -- there simply isn't a  weak moment on the entire album.<br />We might note that the sound of _The Yes  Album_ is something of an anomaly in the Yes catalog. The album is probably  the closest the band ever got to flat-out rocking (the intro to  &quot;Perpetual Change,&quot; for example, is simple two-chord bashing,  though the two chords themselves aren't necessarily simple), and the  psychedelic element of their sound is far more evident on this album than  it is on any that followed. Of course, &quot;Wurm,&quot; the closing  section of &quot;Starship Trooper,&quot; is cool, unapologetic art-rock,  but the band expands on a three-chord sequence until your head just wants  to explode. Yet, strangely, it works; like Bob Dylan's &quot;Desolation  Row,&quot; there's something oddly poignant about it.<br />_The Yes Album_  sounds like a band finally discovering its niche, and celebrating it,  despite the inner turmoil going on amongst the band's ranks. Here, the band  is finally coming into maturity and, more importantly, finding its style.  There had been brilliant moments on previous Yes records (&quot;Astral  Traveller,&quot; their cover of &quot;No Opportunity Necessary...&quot;),  but never yet had the band made a fully consistent, mature record. _The Yes  Album_ marks the point where the band seemed to come into full control of  their own innovations. Every stylistic experiment -- the spacey,  psychedelic rock of &quot;Wurm&quot; and &quot;A Venture,&quot; the  countrified folk of &quot;I've Seen All Good People&quot; and Steve Howe's  solo guitar work on &quot;Clap&quot; -- works beautifully and helps bring  the album together as a coherent whole. And while the keyboards weren't as  prominent on this record as they would be when Rick Wakeman entered the  band, _The Yes Album_ helped to establish a pattern for the band which they  would follow, at least loosely, for another nine years, even if some of  their releases during that time marked a major sonic departure for the  band.<br />In short, _The Yes Album_ is the first in a long line of Yes  classics, and ranks alongside _Fragile_, _Close to the Edge_, _Relayer_,  and _Going for the One_ as the most essential Yes material. Five stars out  of five, no question.
6305718954|1.0|Stigmata centers around the story of a woman who becomes stigmatic. This means she is afflicted by the 5 wounds of christ. The problem with this movie definetly isnt the story. It has great potential, good plot and some  good effects. These are the problems. Terrible casting aside from Byrne.  The direction is all over the place. The film is so unclear. Whoever  dircted this should have been fired. A few good moments but nothing worth  seeing. End Of Days was 10 times better! Not for people who are offended by  these severly reliogusly films. Not reccomended
0446525537|5.0|I think my title say it all, this is one of the story that I will never forget........ The message in this book is so powerful that my tears just can't stop coming out of my eyes......
B00003CWL5|5.0|I didn't know what to expect with this movie.  I rented it mainly because  of all the hype around it.  I now plan on buying it once the rental sale  price drops to about twenty bucks or so.<br />I wasn't expecting much from  this movie.  I couldn't believe how pleased I was with it once I watched  it.  It's basically about two families.  One militant and one a little  unusual.  A young gentleman who moves in next door becomes infactuated with  his female next door neighbor.  He films her constantly admiring her beauty  along with his deep desire for her.  Her father is bored with her  relationship with his wife and finds added energy to fulfill his life when  he sees a young beauty at a basketball game cheerleading with his young  daughter.  He starts his quest to regain his youth through conversations  overheard between his daughter and her friend.  He becomes friends with the  young male neighbor out behind a party one night while sharing a joint.   The neighbors father believes his son is having sexual relationships with  his male neighbor and resents his son for it.  I really don't want to give  any more of the story away.  All I can say is you should definately pick  this video up at your local rental until the price drops and you can afford  to buy it.<br />I will say this movie is not for younger audiences.  There is  nudity and strong language as well as adult themes in this film.  Otherwise  pick it up for yourself and enjoy a great film that actually did deserve an  oscar.
B0000009S3|5.0|I can't believe I haven't reviewed this yet. Maybe because it's hard to explain it. But it is simply the most perfect music ever made, more or less. You should note that this cd version has a longer edit of the  outstanding Gumbo Variations than on the original lp &amp; that overall  it's remixed &amp; it occasionally shows, there's a bit of flute on Little  Umbrellas that you can't hear on the lp. Anyway these are just concerns for  the converted, either version will the job very nicely. Whilst you need  both this &amp; the Mothers stuff, this is music that speaks for itself  instrumentally &amp; very funkily similar to what Miles Davis was doing  around the same time, get that &amp; this. Of course there is Willie The  Pimp which makes it not quite instrumental because the legendary Captain  Beefheart aka Don Van Vliet sings on it, the end of the year that his Trout  Mask Replica, the best album ever made came out, &amp; the amazing thing is  that he just disappears &amp; FZ takes over on his best guitar soloing  ever. Of course the album opens w/ Peaches En Regalia, the most famous  &amp; loved of FZ's instrumental themes [alongside Holiday in Berlin &amp;  Little House I Used to live in off Burnt Weeny Sandwich, the next album  after this &amp; just as excellent]. In case you weren't aware, the Gumbo  Variations is a amazingly funky 13-17 minute jazz skronk track starring the  blowing talents of multi-instrumentalist Ian Underwood who is the secret  weapon of Hot rats. The closer, It Must Be A Camel is sort of a starring  piece for violinist Jean-Luc Ponty, quite refined &amp; classy [he then did  a whole album of Zappa tunes called King Kong]. I think it's a thing where  a review won't really convince, you have to find out for yrself. A good  introduction for people who don't listen to jazz, I'm no longer in that  category, or FZ for that matter.
B000002J1B|5.0|Yes have never been noted for their accessibility, and _Relayer_ is probably the nadir of the &quot;accessible&quot; part of their sound.  It was nonexistent here.  But that didn't keep _Relayer_ from being one of the  band's best albums.<br />Many fans cite this as their favorite Yes record, and  who am I to argue?  &quot;The Gates of Delirium&quot; is arguably the best  side-length epic the band ever recorded.  &quot;Close to the Edge&quot; and  the pieces from _Topographic_ were damned good.  But so is  &quot;Gates.&quot; &quot;Soon...&quot; has to be, for me anyway, one of the  most powerful bits the group ever set to tape.  &quot;Sound Chaser&quot; is  a bit less accessible but the musicianship is simply stunning.  Few  keyboardists would be able to play those licks Patrick Moraz played -- if  Rick really had to go, there could have been no replacement than Pat.   Steve Howe's guitar should not be overlooked, either -- his solo is so  horribly powerful that it knocks you off your feet.  The sounds he gets  from the guitar -- the mind boggles.  It brings me to tears even thinking  of it, he's _so good_.  The coda to the song is a bit excessive but the  tender beauty of Steve Howe's guitar solo (which actually sounds like the  work of a classical violinist at the top of his powers) and the brilliance  of &quot;To Be Over&quot; redeem those indulgences.  &quot;To Be Over&quot;  is nothing short of beautiful, almost heavenly.  Those lyrics --  &quot;After all your soul will surrender / After all don't doubt your part  be ready to be loved&quot; -- Yes have never been noted for stunning  lyrics, but here they are.  &quot;To Be Over&quot; is one of those songs  that just makes you feel good when you hear it, and all the little  subtleties (notice how the choral overdubs at the end repeat the same  melody Steve Howe's guitar plays at the beginning of the song) add up to  make a song truly more than the sum of its parts.  People sometimes  criticize progressive rock for being too indulgent.  _Relayer_ is not going  to do anything to quiet these critics, but if anyone ever doubted that  progressive rock songs were beautiful, the tender moments of this album  will quickly quiet them.  _Relayer_ is a _great_ album, and it very well  may be Yes's masterpiece.
B00003Q438|4.0|The Abyss was a very good movie. It combines  sci-fi, action, fantasy, and drama. I love the special edition because you get to see the full 3hr. version. Which has some wonderful and important scenes that are missing  from the 2 1/2 hr. version. I love the tidal wave sequence! I really dont  understand why the original version was cut. So what, its long but the cut  up version does not completly get the point across. The 3hr. version  definetly does! Its a task to sit down to watch, but the film is well worth  it. This film will satisfy most anybody!
0446525537|5.0|I think my title say it all, this is one of the story that I will never forget........ The message in this book is so powerful that my tears just can't stop coming out of my eyes......
B00000J7J4|4.0|Since the first time I heard 'Abraxas', 1990 was when I heard it first it actually came out in 1971, but I wasn't even born then, I fell in love with the music of Santana.  Unfortunately, up until now the recent stuff he has  put out has been sub-par at best, but like other artists before him Santana  has found a way to blow back on to the scene using a great mix of featured  artists as well as his signature classing instrumentals.<br />The main reason  I picked up this CD was for the song 'Smooth'.  I am a huge matchbox twenty  fan so this song held me over until &quot;Mad Season&quot; came out.  I  must say I was pleased with the rest of the album.<br />'Smooth' is going to  be a classic.  With Rob Thomas providing the vocals and Carlos wailing his  rythms in the background you can't help but to groove this song from the  outset.<br />'Maria' is a great R&amp;B/Latin mix.  Wyclef and Santana do a  great job on the instrumentation of this song and the guy singing it meshes  very well with the background music.  The lyrics are well written and the  instrumentation is perfect.<br />'The Calling' combines two of the greatest  guitar players of all time into one song.  Clapton and Santana prove two  different styles can make for a superb song.  Only thing that could make  this song any better would be to have Hendrix on it.  Unfortunately that  can never happen.<br />'Love of My Life' is a very well written and very well  executed song.  Dave Matthews vocals are excellent and the musicianship is  second to none.<br />'Put Your Lights On' really comes to the forefront on  this CD.  Everlast shows how much he can add to a song just by his voice.   This song will put chills up and down your spine.<br />The Latin tracks on  this CD are amazing and if you have followed Santana through the years you  will know what to expect.  You really can't go wrong with this CD other  than not to buy it.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I  can't get in the groove to listen to this CD all the way through in one  sitting.  It's very long and very ecclectic.  Otherwise I would have given  it the max.
B0000009SE|5.0|I bought this not knowing what really to expect apart from it might be some sort of continuation from the legendary HOT RATS, the epic opener Big Swifty w/ its funky big band did seem to maintain this. It is a  particularly excellent number, swooping off into outer spacey journey of  sound then coming back down again. That takes up all of side 1 [the only FZ  I have on cd is Freak out!], then Yr Mouth ...is yr religion, 1 of 2  shorter vocal tunes, alongside It Just Might Be A 1 Shot Deal, a very  country-f[r]ied thing, it even lists bedsprings as an instrument in the  credits. These vocal ones are mainly sort of easy listening &amp; not  really meant to be compared to Who Needs The Peace Corps? etc. [althoguh  social satire will of course be found on some level]. The title track is  also the finale, it goes for about 11 minutes &amp; is very  enjoyable/memorable but I think in the wrong hands/bands it could sound a  bit pompous. Overall it's a fine addition to any record collection if not  necessarily a desert islander. Probably should get more notice than it  does.
B000002J1X|3.0|_Time and a Word_ is a good album with one glaring flaw:  Yes weren't ready for a string orchestra.  In spite of these indulgences, &quot;No Opportunity Necessary,&quot; &quot;Sweet Dreams,&quot; &quot;Astral  Traveller&quot; and the title track linger on today as enduring Yes  classics, despite the fact that of these four, only the fourth is still  played today at concerts.  The strings ruined certain songs -- notably  &quot;Then,&quot; which was a great song until the _slightly_ pretentious  string arrangement adds a few gratuitous ornamental phrases.  The orchestra  can grate on the listener at times -- it blurs the brilliance of Yes's  rapidly improving flair for arrangements.  As a whole, the sound of the  album is somewhat murky, though this isn't always because of the strings --  their cover of Stephen Stills' &quot;Everydays&quot; would have been murky,  strings or no.  &quot;The Prophet&quot; was an early Yes epic, but it  didn't quite jell as well as some of the next album's songs -- like  &quot;Perpetual Change&quot; and &quot;Yours Is No Disgrace&quot; -- would.   &quot;Astral Traveller,&quot; on the other hand, is one great reason to  miss Peter Banks -- even though Steve Howe is better, both as a songwriter  and a guitarist.  With no Peter Banks in the band, Yes is _highly_ unlikely  to ever want to perform this song again, which is a shame because it'd make  a great concert piece.  &quot;Astral Traveller&quot; and &quot;No  Opportunity&quot; and the title track make it worthwhile to sift through  _Time and a Word_, but don't expect consistency.  Three stars out of five.
B000002C25|5.0|I don't understand why critics, fans, and even Oasis think this was a failure.  It's easily their heaviest album through SOTSOG, and it has lyrics that are maybe the band's best.  Sure, some of the songs sound  distorted amidst the heavy guitar feedback, but the chourses in &quot;Stand  By Me,&quot; &quot;D'You Know What I Mean?,&quot; and &quot;I Think, I  Hope, I Know&quot; still shine through.  BE HERE NOW even has some  experimentation in songs like the countryish &quot;Fade In-Out&quot; that  most of their other releases don't have.  The Noel sung &quot;Magic  Pie&quot; and the self-absorbed &quot;All Around The World&quot; are the  only two songs that I skip over.  The rest are simply Oasis playing good  rock and roll with guitars roaring right behind them.  Similar to the  Smashing Pumpkins' ADORE, BE HERE NOW is one of this band's greatest  accomplishments that basically was overlooked by fairweather  &quot;Wonderwall&quot; fans and critics.
B00003CWOL|2.0|This was a generally mediocre movie. <br />I really want these guys to succeed, and everyone from Boston needs to see everything they make. However, this movie begins with some modest promise and pokes fun at  institutions that need to laugh more about themselves. It is fair to be  critical of the Catholic Church, especially when it is a silly premise like  the Church's efforts to become &quot;more hip&quot; and modern. But the  whole thing dies is in the abstractions created with characters like  Alanis. I wondered, was this movie written for the cameos or was it  destined for purgatory from the get-go. Clerks, Chasing Amy and Mall Rats  fans will love to see the usual suspects...but thats just not enough to  keep your interest. Chris Rock does a fine job but he cannot carry the plot  with his angry 13th Apostle routine. He plays well off of the other  characters but ultimately loses. Ben and Matt are cool but seem to be  trying too hard. Maybe comedy isn't where they perform the strongest. All  is forgiven. A forgettable film.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Well, if you like Iron Maiden with Bruce Dickinson this is an album you must have. It's a return to their roots. I like X Factory and Virtual XI, but I know most of the fans prefere the late 80's albums. With Brave New  world, and the return of Bruce and Adrian, Iron Maiden return to their  roots, and shows that the Heavy Metal is still alive. All the piece are  great, no medium or bad one. And I must also write that at first I was a  bit anxious about the 3 leads guitars, but they know how tu use it. You  like Maiden? Buy this album, you won't be disapointed...You don't know  Maiden, and you want to discorver it? Listen to this album and it will give  you a good idea of what Maiden was, and still is!  Thanks to the group for  this album!
B000000W6R|5.0|This is only slightly less impressive than _Siamese Dream_, and since _Pisces_ isn't even a proper album, that reveals a _lot_ about the power of the Pumpkins as a band. You've gotta love &quot;Obscured,&quot; &quot;La  Dolly Vita,&quot; &quot;Pissant,&quot; &quot;Starla,&quot; and  &quot;Landslide.&quot; Even the weird ones -- &quot;Spaced,&quot;  &quot;Blue,&quot; etc. -- grow on you.  There isn't really a weak track on  this collection... the Pumpkins' outtakes were better than the singles of  some of their contemporary bands (no names ... *cough cough* ... **Ahem Stone  Tem ** ahemple Pilots**). Forget what the amazon.com reviewer said about  &quot;Corgan's love of bad '70s AOR and reduction of...&quot; whatever,  cause this one rocks, and it's just essential as _Siamese_ and _Mellon  Collie_.  I love it!
B00002E285|5.0|The Wall is probably one of the greatest rock-&amp;-roll movies of all time.  It tells the story of a character named Pink(The name is sorta a joke about the name of the band Pink Floyd.).  Pink's childhood was a  traumatic one, his father died in W.W.2 and was raised by an over  protective mom and was beaten by his school teacher.  Later he became a  rock star and got married to a wife that cheated on him.  The movie shows  how Pink completes his &quot;wall&quot; that he started as a kid. This  &quot;Wall&quot; would shut him off from harsh reality and make him  &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;.  &quot;The Wall is a stunning film filled  with intense and striking visuals and animation.  One such scene shows an  anmated dove exploding into a german eagle or a British flag collapsing to  make a bloody cross during the song &quot;Good bye blue sky&quot;.  It's  amazing soundtrack will have a firm grip on you as you watch.  The high  ammount of symbolism will also keep you thinking.  The interesting thing is  that &quot;The Wall&quot; is based on the life story of it's composer Roger  Waters.  If you love the film &quot;Tommy&quot; you'll love Pink Floyds The  Wall. -Ren
B00004T9UF|5.0|After the release of Eminem's first album, The Slim Shady LP, possibly the greatest rap/ hip-hop record ever, I didn't know whether it could be topped by his new Marshall Mathers LP. Not only does Em manage to equal his  previous release, but he creates another classic album with original lyrics  and good beats. Whether or not it is better than the SSLP can be debated,  but either way, this is a terrific record for the casual music fan or the  hardcore Eminem fan.
B00000J6AG|1.0|This is, in my opinion, techno at it's best. However, because it is techno, it's AWFUL. Every track here is about twice as long as it should be, and each gets boring after the first minute. I despise techno because  it's always the same thing over, and over, and over. And over. And over.  The sampling just rips off other artists, and what little new musical  ingenuity exists is buried so deeply in the mix that all you hear is the  damn drums and the same samples replayed indefinitely. A little bit of  lyrical change would be nice too, instead of &quot;Rock y'all, gonna stock  y'all, to the beat y'all, the bodyrock y'all&quot; twenty seven times over.  And over. And over. And over. And over.
0440219078|4.0|The Giver tells the sotry of Jonas, a boy who lives in a thefuture. There is no pain, confusion, war, poverty, sickness, orsadness in this society.  At age twelve, everyone is assigned a job by the community Elders. Spouses and children are chosen by the elders as well. At teh ceremony of twelve, Jonas is assigned the job of Receiver of Memory. The Receiver is given memories of the past from the Giver. The memory of every stron emotion or sensation, every tradgdy, every song, all that has been purged from the community, is held by the Receiver. It is the Receiver's job to be the one entrusted with retaining these things for the sake of the community. Jonas receives memories of pain, war sadness, love, joy, anger, fear, and death. Jonas realizes that the people who formed his utopian community had to give up feelings, choice, colors: anything that would make one person different from his fellows. Difference leads to strife. By eliminating differences, the community can exsist without any problems that plauge society. As he learns of the past, Jonas comes to feel that his society is not a utopia at all. Having experienced emotion, Jonas realizes that he cannot continue to live in the community, and runs away.  The story is told in the third person, from Jonas's point of view. The message of the book is that sometimes the cure is worese than the disease. In attempting to form a utopian society, those who created Jonas's community robbed its citizens of thier humanity, For example, if a baby is born in this society that is at all &quot;imperfect&quot;, it is killed.  I really enjoyed The Giver because it is so well written that it makes me feel as if I am there with Jonas. I would give this book four stars because I do not understand what happens to Jonas at the end. The book ends with Jonas sledding down a hill that leads him, perhaps, into an imperfect community, like ours, where colors, choice, music, and feelings exsist. The ending is not clear to me because I don'tknow if Jonas dies, or if he really comes to a community with colors, choice, music, and feelings.
6305350205|1.0|This was, by far, the worst of the Star Trek movies.  As a &quot;die hard&quot; Trekkie, I was completely disappointed with the story, the writing, the acting.  The special effects were okay.  The only credit to  this film was the introduction of the new type II phaser.  Shame on you  guys.
B000002U82|5.0|Quite possibly the finest album ever put together, from all standpoints: musically, lirically...not to mention breathtaking engineering. This is Floyd at the top of their game..evidently, the whole was much, much larger  than the sum of its parts. Listen carefully, this is not &quot;just&quot;  Floyd...it's God.
6305807086|5.0|Spike Jonze did it.  he managed to move from the medium of music videos to film and not fail.  this film is truly original.  the cast is great.  it is hilarious and intelligent at the same time and if you haven't seen it go to  the store and rent it.  you will not regret it.
B00003CWRX|4.0|This film has and will continue to be compared favorably with that classic treatment of journalistic and corporate/government ethics, &quot;All the President's Men.&quot; Russell Crowe is excellent at creating a  believeable--and not always likeable--hero.  Pacino's histrionics are  thankfully toned down, and Christopher Plumber nails Mike Wallace in a way  that is both insightful and fair. The growing feeling of paranoia and  hopelessness against the power of Tobacco is palpable. However, what nearly  ruined the movie for me, was the cardboard, one-dimentional portrayal of  Wigand's wife. Maybe she really WAS an unfeeling, shrewish, cotton-head  ninny in real life, but after about 2 minutes of her in the film, I and  others I watched the movie with wondered why HE hadn't walked out years  before! The family life and an odd little subplot having to do with the  unibomber? really needed to be developed a further to make sense.  Still, I  was with the movie from the start and it carried me all the way through.   But I can see why it never really found a wide audience; it's a little too  &quot;in the head&quot; for those who need more action and less complicated  conflict.
0440234743|5.0|I have read most of John Grisham's novels, and they are very good.  But I felt that this is one of the best so far.  The book moves along easily, and the story line from Brazil gives it a nice change of pace from other  Grisham books.  You feel that you really came through an ordeal with the  &quot;hero&quot;, and when the last page is turned, you'll wish there was  more.
B000002HRE|4.0|I liked this album better than &quot;Load.&quot;  Granted, it bears little resemblance to Metallica's earlier, more popular stuff, but &quot;Reload&quot; is still a pretty good album.  I think the backlash to  the Loads partly lies in the fact that there were several years in between  &quot;Metallica&quot; and &quot;Load&quot;; I suppose most people were  expecting &quot;Load&quot; to be another &quot;Metallica.&quot;  But if you  keep an open mind, you will surely enjoy &quot;Reload&quot; at least a  little.
B00000K19E|2.0|First of all the Wachowski brothers first film BOUND was much better.  I  could dig what the Matrix was trying to say...it is basically the same  story of Plato's Allegory of the Cave...but i thought overall it was  rubbish.  the directing was great, at first, but after seeing the rotating  camera shot for the 10th time i was quite fed up.  Keanu Reeves as always  is a ridiculous actor.  overall i would not recommend this movie.  Watch  BOUND!
B000002BFZ|5.0|In retrospect, _No Code_ is much better than _Ten_, although I didn't spend as many nights listening teary-eyed in the dark to it than I did with the latter.  This album just doesn't pander to the unwashed masses of  unsophisticated listeners out there who continue to support drek like Limp  Bizkit and 3rd Eye Blind by the millions.  It doesn't grab you by the nuts  either, like _Ten_ or _Vs_.  The charm of this album is its incredible  diversity and understatement.  PJ never put out an album this textured or  consistently intriguing.  Its like the good twin to the ugly miscreant  _Vitaology_.  I think a lot of people hate this album because its so  introverted - &quot;In My Tree&quot; illustrating this perfectly, although  it is also one of the hardest-rocking tunes in this collection.   Looking  for grunge anthems?  Try &quot;Hail, Hail&quot;.  Stone Gossard sings on  the irresistable &quot;Mankind&quot; which is some wierd hybrid  grunge-bubblegum type thing he would explore some more with Brad.  The  hypnotic &quot;Who You Are&quot; and country-tinged &quot;Around The  Bend&quot; are quite satisfying treats, but the biggest surprise after  listening time and time again is &quot;Red Mosquito.&quot;  The dynamics of  this song are amazing, and its one of the quirkiest and most surprising  songs PJ has ever done.  Thank you PJ, for one the great American rock  albums of the 1990s.
B00000IKSC|5.0|i totally love this video because it has great music, great dance moves, and of course, great guys, the backstreet boys! i love how nick sings &quot; heaven in your eyes&quot; aka &quot;i need you tonight&quot;. they  look hot!
