B00192KCQ0|5.0|Ok, this album may be a little light on the bass and a little heavy on the high end. I have a 10,000 dollar stereo system and if I turn the sub up from -12db to -8db, it sounds great. I know there is controversy over the sound here and on their site. I don't care.    In today's day and age with \\"instant gratification\\" through every means possible, it seems hard to please some. I own a boatload of cds, about 700 and listen to many genres, but love my metal. Have all of Metallica's (not a big deal). I think people in today's day in age would be better served to not develop in their own heads what the album is going to sound like or what they are expecting but rather to wait and \\"see\\" what the artist is releasing as \\"their\\" (and it is their's for you to listen or not listen). I think as a society we nitpik too much.    As far as the album goes. I really think it is good songwriting. These guys did their best. I honestly feel they tried to do their best songwriting and to be quite frank, I think they did a good job. If you don't like it don't listen. But don't tell me it's garbage until you have lived with it for a couple of weeks. You bitched and whined about wanting another album but immediately find reasons to not like it. Immediately go right to it's negative points. Why not focus on it's positives. Like good metal. I just get tired of hearing from people who \\"cannot\\" be satisfied with anything.    For the rest (the other 99%), cheers.
1438242816|5.0|Jane Austen's classic, Pride and Prejudice, is perhaps my favorite book of all time. Miss Austen's trademark wit and whimsy style of writing is appealing to readers of all ages, even to a modern teen like me. I find something, many things, to relate to within the main character, Elizabeth Bennet, as I, like she, \\"[takes] delight in anything ridiculous.\\" Since the moment I read that infamous line: \\"It is a truth universally acknowledged......\\" I have considered myself to be a firm and loyal Janeite, joining the ranks of thousands of hopeless romantics and head-strong women whom only hope to one day find their Mr. Darcy.<br /><br />Between the playfulness of Miss Bennet and the comically formalness of Mr. Darcy lies a classic lesson to be learned. Originally, Jane Austen thought to name this tale \\"First Impressions\\", as the moral of the story lies within the importance of not relying on just that. Lizzie Bennet's fatal --- or perhaps only --- flaw is her characteristic quickness to judgement, which nearly cost her the love of her life. Although by the end of the story one is almost always in love with Darcy, his personality at the beginning of the story is purposefully icy and rigid, depicting him as the perfect example of an excess of pride. By the end of the tale, however, Darcy stands proud as perhaps the most romantic hero of all time.<br /><br />Prepare to be \\"bewitched body and soul\\" by the whit and wisdom and Miss Austen, perhaps the most perfect romantic author of all time. In addition, plan to be enchanted by the playfulness of Lizzie, charmed by the misadventure of Darcy, rendered speechless by the nerve and lack of tact within the Mrs. Bennet, charmed by the sweetness of Jane and Bingley, enraged by both Miss Bingley and Lady Catherine, and most of all, infuriated by the ridiculousness and insufferability of Lydia and Kitty. There is always something to take from a story so perfect and so classic as this. I make it a point to return to it's familar story at least once a month. This beautifully penned tale only stands to prove that Love, more often than not, will be not so easily defeated.least once a month. This beautifully penned tale only stands to prove that Love, more often than not, will be not so easily defeated.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Some may argue that Metallica just hasn't been the same since Master of Puppets. Not an opinion really. Love it or hate it, their music changed quite a bit after Cliff's death and both Jason Newsted and Bob Rock came on board.     I personally loved the change. I love their older stuff, but I also loved everything from the Black Album all the way to St. Anger.     But in any case, this album marks the return to the old school style of Metallica. I honestly haven't heard Metallica just all out thrash like this since the days of Cliff Burton. Anyone who used to love the Cliff Burton days but felt that Metallica strayed too far from their thrash roots, anyone who hasn't listened to a Metallica album since And Justice for All in retaliation for the direction Metallica took their music, you owe it to yourself to give this album a try.    Back are the guitar solos after their hiatus from the St. Anger album. Back is the long instrumental song next to last on the play list. Back is the pure non-stop thrash that Metallica was so well known for back in the day. As much as I personally loved everything Metallica did under Bob Rock, I can't deny the thrill I got when I put this in my cd player and heard the old school stylings blaring back at me through my speakers. This is quite easily the one album that no Metallica fan, old or new, should be without.
0385340990|5.0|Haven't read a book that grabbed me from beginning to end in a very long time. I was amazed with the character formation and how each letter from the different writers had a unique voice.Love it. Ordered 84 Charing Cross because of it's comparison to Guernsey.
B001CVCB9O|4.0|The heart of Calexico, Arizonians Joey Burns and John Convertino, have always played music which is difficult to nail down into one category or another. Like the border town from which their name originates, Calexico's music is a mish-mash blend of California and Mexico, Western and spaghetti western, good and evil, grounded and uprooted.    Some might get the idea that the \\"Mexican\\" influence means Calexico's music sounds like a failed Taco Bell ad campaign, colorful tacos and sombreros mandatory. They'd be dead wrong. It's more like the self-assured, world-wise output of Chile's storied and excellent [[ASIN:B000098YKT Inti-Illimani]]---based upon certain elements, but ever steering the ship into uncharted waters---or the alternative soundtrack to Tarantino's awful Kill Bill movies (no offense to [[ASIN:B00004YTXH Morricone]] intended).    Perhaps the defining Calexican moment was singing and dancing along with their \\"Sunken Waltz\\" (from 2003's near-flawless [[ASIN:B000089CPF Feast of Wire]]), a modern folk-pop fairytale about a maverick who builds a machine to sink California into the Pacific Ocean. Carried to Dust's opening cut, \\"Victor Jara's Hands,\\" crackles with the same experimental folk energy. Expert Latin horns and drumwork infuse it with an elusive mystique uncommon to folk Americana. Elsewhere, slower cuts like \\"Falling From Sleeves\\" or the closing \\"Contention City\\" deliver more pastoral vibes.    The album is a \\"return to non-form\\" of sorts, as [[ASIN:B000089CPF Feast of Wire]] was the biggest step outside of a comfort zone evident on other Calexico records, with tracks like the introductory subsonic rumbling of \\"Pepita,\\" or the truly unique \\"Quattro (World Drifts In).\\" Nothing on Carried to Dust quite matches up to these moments in terms of strangeness, but it is certainly a more varied and gratifying effort than the lackluster [[ASIN:B000EOTUY4 Garden Ruin]] (2006).    Fans of this intoxicating blend of playing Frankenstein with American folk rock mayalso enjoy the oddity of [[ASIN:B0013NFPLC Slim Cessna's Auto Club]] or [[ASIN:B0002VES8C Munly & The Lee Lewis Harlots]], purveyors of a rollicking new \\"Denver sound\\"---a heady mixture of spooky Americana and psychopunk/rockabilly.
B000R9J3X4|5.0|Exceptional compilation by the best band to emerge from the post-grunge era. On the terrific new track \\"Tell Me Where It Hurts,\\" Ms. Shirley never sounded better!
160459201X|5.0|This is an excellent book.  I already had it and thought this was new because of the different cover.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Where have you been for the last 20 years??!! They're back with a vengence! This album is far better than the disappointing St. Anger, Metallica went back to their roots and shred again. Death Magnetic is a cross between Justice and Black, but much faster and progressive than Justice. That was Just your Life begins with acoustic guitar, and then BAM! slaps you in the face much like Battery from MOP. The End Of THe Line is reminicent of Creeping Death or The Four Horsemen with a little Anthrax influence, but better! The Judas Kiss and All Nightmare Long is an all out metallic riff o mania assault!! The Day that Never comes is alot like a cross between the orginal Unforgiven and One. When I saw the Unforgiven 3 on the track list I thought oh my God they're gonna milk this song for all it's worth, I was wrong it's darker and thrashier than the orignal two. Suicide and Redemption the first instrumental since Justice was a bit of a let down, it's a bit too repetive. All in all this is a great comeback album and return to form. The kings of thrash are back and return to their old influences, like mercyful fate, Black Sabbath, and Diamond Head. After hearing this album I had goosebumps all over, and was blown away, like I was when Puppets first came out. My hats off to Rick Rubin for bringing the true Metallica back. Go and pick up this album I highly reccomend it!!
B0011KQSZ4|5.0|This is soooo funny. Give it time to build up and then just laugh, laugh, laugh.
0312360266|5.0|I didn't really know what to anticipate from this book series. But it got me hooked after the first few pages. I was really intrigued by the character zoey she get basically gets through in to this world. She's always felt as an outsider even in her own family. But then she finds out that she is even weirder than she thought.Plus her family is now upset that she is this. So basically zoey ends up at the school of night after going through most of the change. She finds friends.. Basically a really good book I think anyway. Sorry guys not really good at this reviews are hard to right for me anyway. This is not for everyone. As I am a major vampire book fan.  If you like twilight as much as me then  I think you may enjoy this.  I read the series while waiting for breaking dawn and I enjoyed it very much. This book is really for an older crowd of teens even adults will like it. As I am 24.. Yes I enjoy young adult books as much as any young teen out there.<br /><br /> So if you want adventure into a new high school experience then read this. No vampire chick has been this cool.. hehe..
1423101464|5.0|It's just another average day in the life of the son of Poseidon when Percy Jackson gets attacked at freshman orientation, causing yet another school to catch fire. Rick Riordan launches us on another adventure with Percy, Annabeth, Tyson, Grover, Niko, and even Rachel Elizabeth Dare (the mortal girl who can see through the magical mist the God's use to hide their world). Though the first three books of this series tended to be stocked with more stories of the Greek Gods, this book brings us from the learning stage to the doing stage. Percy is more comfortable with his world now, though there are always new surprises to be had, and  he finds himself preparing for an inevitable battle. Friends become enemies, enemies become friends, in another thrilling adventure of young heroes. The quest for Pan goes on, for Grover, as Annabeth leads her first quest to stop Luke and his army of monsters from destroying the camp. The stakes are higher and the enemies more powerful, but the group of friends are determined to save their world from destruction. Even at the end of their journey, things look darker than before, but the journey itself has more or less prepared them for what is to come. It will not be long before Percy turns sixteen and the terrible prophecy begins. The story continues, and it brings the readers along in a journey that determines the fate of the mortal world. Fans of the series will not be disappointed and new readers are always welcome. This is, for me, the best book of the series so far.
0061544493|3.0|It's not really what I'd expected. I was hoping to find out some insider tips and tricks, something that would make me go \\"AHA!\\". Instead, her book is full of advice that you can find in any women's magazine, really.<br />So, on the point of advice, it fell flat.<br />Of course, I am not a millionaire, so I won't be rushing out to buy a Fendi bag or Blahnik heels any time soon, either.<br />That leaves me with H&M, I guess ;)<br />In hindsight, I wish I hadn't bought this book. I don't feel it gave me anything new.
1401902197|5.0|I love this book!  Louise Hay has a peaceful, joyful way of writing and speaking.  This book comes with a CD, with Louise reading the book.  It is great to listen to in the car.  I also enjoy reading from this book everyday.  I like the way it is divided into important life issues so it's easy to go right to the one that will help you in any particular situation.   This book gives you positive affirmations to help you in all areas of life.   I love Louise's message and her loving, quiet way of getting it across.  It's a small book so you don't get bogged down in a long read.  I am very pleased with this book and would highly recommend it to anyone interested in improving their own self-talk and improving their general attitude towards life.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I took the brand new copy of Death Magnetic out of the wrapper, put it in the player and hit play. The album is full of epic tracks which go from tempo to tempo like a runaway horse. It demands repeated plays because the tracks are too complicated to hear on one or two plays. It is fast, slow, proggy, and continues down the path And Justice For All set, as I expected. I'm glad the nightmare wasn't real. I dreamt Metallica got together with a Bon Jovi producer, went with a \\"groove oriented\\" watered down approach, made a couple of good yet not Metallica quality grunge/country albums, did a loud, chaotic heavy album that, while good, was completely devoid of solos, and claimed to be doing a Middle Eastern themed album. Man, I'm glad that didn't happen, and instead we got an album that takes what this band started in And Justice and takes it several steps further, into what is probably their best album yet (and I've been listening since Metal Massacre was the only Metallica recording available) and what will likely be a mindblowing tour.   Keep it up, and Welcome Back! The Real Metallica lives again. This CD is going right into my Heavy Rotation player.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I first heard METALLICA back in 1986 w/ MASTER OF PUPPETS. I didn't like it. Why? Because it was so revolutionary that I didn't know what I was listening to! I grew to love PUPPETS, and soon became a rabid fan of all things METALLICA. I must admit that there were lean years, from the BLACK album to St. Anger (which I still enjoyed). It seemed that the band had settled into a groove (grave?) of aging rock-star status. Then, I put DEATH MAGNETIC into my CD player. My jaw dropped! My eyes bulged! I felt like a kid again! By God, I almost cried! This is METALLICA as timeless, ear-destroying, cranium-crushing thrash titans! Every song is classic! Guitars chug and race! Solos soar and shred! Drums and bass thunder like warring death-machines! Buy this now! Right this minute! METALLICA has taken influences from everything they've ever done, used the best from all of it, and melded it together into this monster of pure destructive power! Yep, this one's a flat out masterpiece... P.S.- After having finally listened to the entire GUITAR HERO 3 version of DEATH MAGNETIC, I must say that it is indeed fantastic! Many parts, especially bass and drums sound much clearer. Songs like UNFORGIVEN 3, CYANIDE, and SUICIDE AND REDEMPTION benefit the most from the so-called \\"non-clipped\\" mix. Definitely worth tracking down...
B000I5Y8ZU|5.0|Like the other parents that have enjoyed this music because of their kids, I have to say it is very theatrical, musically progressive and fun.  Yes, there is a parental advisory but I suggest you listen first before you judge. It has a few \\"potty words\\" but nothing extreme and I don't feel its really worthy of the label like some of the current mainstream music today.   If your kids ask for this one, give it a shot- you will most likely end up enjoying it yourself.
031606792X|5.0|I hadn't bothered to read the reviews until now and I must say I am surprised by the vehement disapproval in some.   I feel it is rather puritanical to expect a work of fiction to have a main character which is an absolutely positive role model, particularly since Bella was never established as an idealised positive role model in any of the three previous books.  Fiction can indeed be used to show good ways of living but not everything ever written should demonstrate one 'correct' way of living your life. Expecting authors to conform to a set of values just because their books are aimed at the young adult market is getting scarily close to a level of censorship I fervently hope I never have to live with.   Anyway, despite the teen pregnancy and the suspension of university plans she is quite a positive role model. No one is perfect but she loves her family and friends and does all she can for them while making the best of the choices she has made, however disastrous those choices may have been. Surely that is the essence of a good person and positive role model.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It was the ultimate fantastical happy ending which in my heart of hearts is always the best ending to any story.   I do agree that Jacob's story could have been shortened quite a bit but I still managed to read the whole thing in one day so I can't have been greatly put off.  Go and read this book! Enjoy it and don't judge it solely based on a set of politically correct ideals that it never sought to meet in the first place.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Obviously 2008 isn't over yet, and likely there will be many great movies leading to the end of the year. But Wall-E was phenomenal film making at it's best. Not only was it amazingly entertaining and fun for any age, but it had a strong story, strong characterization, and strong cinematography.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Since the release of Load, we as Metallica fans have wondered if the band was on a downward spiral to a permanent pop metal abyss. With the release of Death Magnetic, that idea has been run over by a truck driven by super producer Rick Rubin. Every song is total metal! There are tinges of some radio friendly flavor, but overall it is the best they have sounded in a long time. Newby bassists Robert Trujillo rounds out the heavy sound nicely, and Lars is stellar on the skins once again. James sounds pissed! Kirk has those sick long solos that got us into Metallica back in the 80's. If there are some folks that rank the Black Album as their best effort, Death Magnetic is staring it right in the eye. Perhaps not as good as Puppets, but if you like old school Metallica, go get this record. A future classic!!!!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Excellent video series.  This is my go-to gift for any member of the family.  You will not regret it.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Only one thing to say....THEY ARE BACK!!!!! I just got Death Magnetic and it is absolutely awesome. Anyone that doesn't like this piece of Metal Mastery is out of their bleemin' mind. This is what Metallica fans have been waiting for all these years. The Hamster is back with unbelievable solos. No complaints what so ever. A big #%&* yeah and hank you to Metallica for bringin' the goods. Album of the year thus far. This is definitely the shot in the arm that the music industry in general needed. Thanks.
B0002199H2|5.0|I took a chance and bought this as a gold box item. I have heard of Miles Davis but never listened to a complete song, just bits and pieces played in movies. This is great to sit back and close your eyes, except if driving, and let the music paint images in your mind. If you like Jazz then buy it, now!
B00005JO20|3.0|I grew up with King Kong. King Kong was a friend of mine. Peter Jackson's nominal ape is no King Kong! When I was a child in New York, Thanksgiving Days would not have been the same without WOR-TV's King Kong marathons, which included the original 1933 film, its 1934 sequel- Son Of Kong, 1949's Mighty Joe Young, and several Japanese films with the same titular gorilla. My dad and I loved those films. Director Peter Jackson's remake of King Kong (and it is a remake of the 1933 classic, not a mere updating like the 1976 Jessica Lange camp classic) is not nearly as great a film as most of the critics say it is, but it's still a damned sight better than most films out today, and certainly most horror films. The single best thing Jackson did was to set the film in the 1930s, and not in the 2000s, because this harkens back to an era where it was still plausible to believe in undiscovered islands, and round the world trips to them were akin to what interplanetary travel is in space films that came along later. The worst thing Jackson did, however, was nearly double the screening time of the original film, bloating this version to nearly three hours. There simply isn't enough material, so he adds far too many silly scenes of the modern Ann Darrow (Naomi Watts) ridiculously making goo-goo eyes at the twenty-five foot tall gorilla.<br />  This, and a few other negatives, make the newer version a much inferior one to the original, although better than the 1976 version. Now, don't get me wrong, the special effects in this film top even those of the Spielbergian dino-fests of the 1990s, but even though Jackson was wise to go back to a 1930s setting, did he have to go retro-racist to boot? I'm hardly PC, but the Skull Islanders' savage depiction was ghastly and incredibly demeaning. First, since the island was south of Sumatra, it would be inhabited by people who looked Indonesian, not Negroid, nor even Negritos. Second, that they were almost all in a zombified state is odd, since this is a cultural trait from Haiti, in the West Indies, not that of the East Indies. And, of course, amongst the first to die in the film are the nerdy guy with eyeglasses, the black sailor, and the Chinese. Who survives? The Great White Hunters! I don't know what sort of statement Jackson thought he was making, but perhaps New Zealand is so far removed from the political realities of today that he just didn't know he was being racist with such depictions and narratives. I guess the Maoris have had it much better down under than we were led to believe.... Overall, this version of Kong is not bad, and at times, quite good, and you'll leave the theater with a bit of a buzz.this is a cultural trait from Haiti, in the West Indies, not that of the East Indies. And, of course, amongst the first to die in the film are the nerdy guy with eyeglasses, the black sailor, and the Chinese. Who survives? The Great White Hunters! I don't know what sort of statement Jackson thought he was making, but perhaps New Zealand is so far removed from the political realities of today that he just didn't know he was being racist with such depictions and narratives. I guess the Maoris have had it much better down under than we were led to believe.... Overall, this version of Kong is not bad, and at times, quite good, and you'll leave the theater with a bit of a buzz.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|WOW!!! The guys are back and slamming!!! This album finally wiped the taste of St. Appolectic out of my mouth. They have finally gotten back to what made them Metallica- raw, fast, pure and strong metal!!    The gods have retaken their throne!!
B00005JLEJ|4.0|Watching Akira Kurosawa's three hour long epic color film (his third) from 1980, Kagumusha (The Shadow Warrior) reminded me of the historical plays of William Shakespeare. While more famed for adapting the dramas of Shakespeare (Ran from King Lear, The Bad Sleep Well from Hamlet, The Hidden Fortress from Macbeth), Kurosawa's long film reminds me more of the detailed histories, where a single character is less important than the whole milieu (as well as being a more epic version of the old The Prince And The Pauper fable). And he succeeds very well at it. While the overall film is a bit too slow paced to be considered great, there is no doubt that it is an intricate work that abounds with astonishing color imagery, and is suffused in details that the screenplay by Kurosawa and Masato Ide slip in very subtly.<br />  The best example of this is that even though the average viewer will know next to nothing of Japanese feudal history (what little I knew came from mostly old Japanese films), specific details are not needed because the themes and characterizations are so universal. It won the Palm D'Or at the Cannes Film Festival, and was seen as a comeback film for Kurosawa, after a mostly forgettable decade (the 1970s) of sporadic film work.<br />  The actual story of the film is rather simple, the feudal lord of a clan that hopes to unite Japan in 1573, Shingen Takeda (Tatsuya Nakadai), is assassinated by a rival clan. However, since this takes place at night, the wounded lord has his generals prepare a double to take his place, should he die, and orders them to keep up the pretense for three years. We never see the actual shot, only hear it, and then see it in a re-enactment for the warlord, Ieyasu Tokugawa (Masayuki Yui), who ordered the assassination. The double is a thief, Kagemusha, played by the same actor, who during the opening six minutes of the film, before the credits, mocks the feudal lord and his brother as hypocrites for condemning him, a petty thief. He says they are mass murderers. The lord spares his doppelganger, the first of a number of fortuities in this story, loosely based upon real events. Nakadai is splendid in both roles. Usually, such dual roles are phoned in, but one can sense the difference in the two characters, even long after Shingen is dead....All in all, Kagemusha is a very good film, with some great scenes and moments. Unfortunately, its plot drags weigh it down just enough that it falls below some of his true masterpieces, like Seven Samurai, Ikiru, and The Bad Sleep Well. Yet, even if it is not Kurosawa at his best, like Shakespeare in second rate mode, it is still far superior to all but the very best of lesser filmmakers. Yet, in Kagemusha, as in few other films of quality, it is the very lack of specificity about its people and events- where such details float behind the presentation, throughout the film, then swiftly come together to make sense late in the work, that allows it to have such a lasting impact, narratively, just as its switch between surrealistic color sets and realistic location shots similarly recapitulates the viewers' disorientation, then realization that something very interesting and different has happened. That simply does not happen in Hollywood films, and rarely occurs in any films, at all. It also shows why critics such as Stephen Prince often do a disservice to the viewers in their commentaries on films, and miss the very elements that make a film work or not. Fortunately, such defects do not affect the great artists whose works are disserviced by such lesser minds.are mass murderers. The lord spares his doppelganger, the first of a number of fortuities in this story, loosely based upon real events. Nakadai is splendid in both roles. Usually, such dual roles are phoned in, but one can sense the difference in the two characters, even long after Shingen is dead....All in all, Kagemusha is a very good film, with some great scenes and moments. Unfortunately, its plot drags weigh it down just enough that it falls below some of his true masterpieces, like Seven Samurai, Ikiru, and The Bad Sleep Well. Yet, even if it is not Kurosawa at his best, like Shakespeare in second rate mode, it is still far superior to all but the very best of lesser filmmakers. Yet, in Kagemusha, as in few other films of quality, it is the very lack of specificity about its people and events- where such details float behind the presentation, throughout the film, then swiftly come together to make sense late in the work, that allows it to have such a lasting impact, narratively, just as its switch between surrealistic color sets and realistic location shots similarly recapitulates the viewers' disorientation, then realization that something very interesting and different has happened. That simply does not happen in Hollywood films, and rarely occurs in any films, at all. It also shows why critics such as Stephen Prince often do a disservice to the viewers in their commentaries on films, and miss the very elements that make a film work or not. Fortunately, such defects do not affect the great artists whose works are disserviced by such lesser minds.
B000062YB1|5.0|This was the peak of slayer in my opinion and there best album. If you never heard this you must of lived in a cave in the early 90's hah.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|I am gay, but I dislike most of the gay movies out there. There are only a few exception: Brokeback Mountain, Borstal Boys and Beautiful Thing. All other gay movies are always victims to one of the followings: being too sensitive, or too chatty, or too corny. This is certainly an exception: no drag queens, no drugs, no gay bars, no AIDS victim, no party boys. And it's thoroughly refreshing.    Enough good thing have been said about this movie, which is now in my very short list of favorite gay movies. A lot of reviews give credit to Trevor Wright for his excellent performance. Credit well deserved. However, I think director Jonah Markowitz deserve the most credit for putting together a movie in which everything feels so natural and real.    The best part of this movie is the dialogue: It's short, precise and yet powerful. For example: the dialogue on the patio after their dinner:    Shawn: \\"I admire what you are doing for Cody. You don't have to.\\"  Zach: \\"Yes. I do.\\"  Shawn: \\"It's a choice, Zach.\\"  Zach: \\"It's family.\\"  Zach: \\"The only one left.\\"  Shawn: \\"You get that from your mom.\\"  Zach: \\"Yeah, I know.\\"  Zach: \\"Lucky me.\\"    This is a simply love story. Even though the word \\"Love\\" was never said in the movie, there was never one moment of doubt how much they were in love. There are lots of little things in the movie that you will recognize if you were ever in love. When Zach was driving away after his first night with Shawn, a little smile slowly crept up his face, and he just couldn't hold it anymore, and scratched his head for getting a little embarassed on the silly happiness.    Shane Mack also deserves high praises for the songs he wrote for this movie. When Zach couldn't fall asleep, flipping back and forth, the images of him with Shawn were flashing through his head. The moment wouldn't have such an emotional impact without Shane Mack's \\"More Than This\\" playing in the background.    The negatives I can think of is that for someone who's never been with a guy, Zach was quite adept in stripping off Shawn's cloths that night. Also, Gabe would have seen Zach's truck outside when he barged in, and he's not the kind of person who wouldn't say anything about it. Sorry, I know I am nitpicking. But if you are like me watching this movie 10 times in the first week, you would be too. :-)    I do have one issue with the cover of the DVD. If I hadn't read its review first to know what the movie is about, I would have easily dismissed it as another soft-core gay porn that's dressed up as a movie. There could be a hundred moments in the movie that would be a better cover than this bed shot. I have to believe that it wasn't picked by the director who has handled everything so tastefully without losing the erotic force. Thanks to AfterElton.com that listed it as the #3 of all time greatest gay movies, I didn't miss now-my-favorite gay movie that's not a tragedy (BBM and Borstal Boys) or a fairy tale (Beautiful Thing).    In my opinion, David Wiegand from SF Chronicle has the best review on this movie: \\"Sometimes a film that otherwise relies on stock storylines and even skirts the fringes of old-fashioned melodrama can rise up on the strength of other elements. In the case of writer/director Jonah Markowitz's feature film debut, \\"Shelter\\" rises very high indeed, thanks to a superb performance by Trevor Wright in the lead role, a strong supporting cast, very good cinematography and, most of all, emotional authenticity.\\"    Update on January 2015:   One last word: Jonah Markowitz needs to get to work. I have been waiting 7 years for his next movie. And I am about to give up hope. :-)
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I'd say for the past 5 or 6 years, I'm constantly disappointed by bands' follow up albums. From radio-friendly or at least radio-played bands like Stone Sour, Godsmack, and a little Tool, to not-so-known bands like Mushroomhead, Nonpoint, and Flaw - maybe everything that needed venting was worked though on these guys' first album or two.     I grew up on Metallica. AJFA is one of my all-time favorite albums. While \\"Load\\" didnt FEEL like Metallica... I liked it, and through MUCH abuse, defended them all of the way. I enjoyed Garage, Inc, but turned away from Reload. The symphony stuff? Eh... whatever. St. Anger... what the hell was that?    I fully expected a big steamy, stinky pile of dog dookie. But, I'd have to say this album is the most pleasant surprise to me, in terms of music, in YEARS. I bet there are only about a dozen albums I've given 5 stars to, so 4 is a big compliment. This is the album that should have came out in the early-to-mid 90's.     So... I'm Mike. I'm a picky, annoyed, monday-morning-quarterback of a music critic. And I actually give this album a thumbs up. Great job guys - I thought it would never happen.
B000063UR2|5.0|This is an excellent movie. There is no filthy language, sex or real violance. I wish holywood would make more movies like this. All ages can watch this and it's truly enjoyable.
B000000W5H|5.0|Honestly, I don't see why this album is so disagreed upon whether it is a good one or a bad one. To me, all the tracks on this album are superbly done. It's like the Stones were on a full winning streak with each song.     I believe it's Mick's last go with the Stones, and he definitely left quite a mark with this album.     Loved listening to it.
B000PC6A3E|3.0|The item arrived earlier than the expected date given by Amazon. The disc is fine, except that a few of circular plastic teeth that hold the disc within the cover broke upon opening the cover for the first time.
0736063684|2.0|After reading many books of this kind and looking specifically for books with a strong scientific support, I can say that this is a wonderful book in terms of images and editing, but not a good reference if one is looking for the best exercises and methodologies. Scientific evidence proves that the exercises described here are not the best choice, some of them might even be dangerous if one is not careful enough, and moreover, the muscolar districts involved in the exercise are not those that are highlighted.
B001CVCB9O|5.0|Easily in the top 10 of '08.  Burns and Convertino are at the top of their collective game with this batch of tunes.  As another reviewer stated- seeing this band perform live is quite the musical treat.  Next to the word \\"eclectic\\" in the dictionary stands a picture of the band Calexico.  You spaghetti western? You got it.  You want southern rock? Sure.  You want pop? No problem.
B001FEA9QU|4.0|The Four Horsemen are back!  Thank goodness too because I don't think we could take another St. Anger.  This album gets back to Metallica's roots.  Longer songs, harder riffs, etc.  I think some of the songs like The Unforgiven 3 and Suicide and Redemption are better than the songs they let out as singles.  Its great that they have an instrumental track on this one like days of old.  If you are a fan of Metallica, this is an album that you shouldn't miss out on.
B000HT2PIE|5.0|I bought this book last week and did not put it down until the early hours of the following morning. It is fast paced, exciting and keeps you dying to know what will happen next.<br />For those who have read the previous four books in the Alex Rider series this book certainly will not disappoint you!<br />It continues the story of 14-year-old Alex and his search for the truth behind the death of his parents and his work for MI6 as an under age spy.<br />In this instalment Alex travels to Italy to find Scorpia, which turns out to be an international crime syndicate that his father seems to have been involved with. Alex is offered a job working for Scorpia, however his first job is to kill a member of MI6.<br />There is also a plan to destabilize the world by destroying the friendship between America and Britain, which involves a lot of children potentially being killed. Alex, as usual endeavours to save the day.<br /><br />The book continues the tongue in cheek references to James Bond and Horowitz writes with his usual humour as well as having his finger accurately on the pulse of what kids today think is cool.<br /><br />The only sad part of this book is that the ending suggests that this may be the last instalment of the Alex Rider stories, which is a great shame as they are thoroughly enjoyable and exciting books. I felt really disappointed at the end not with the book, which was excellent, but at the thought that there may not be another to look forward to.
B001DE2KB4|5.0|The Jonas Brothers are amazing! I'm amazed that everything they've been through(hollywood)they still manage to be a modest christian group. I mean look at miley cyrus she used to be a modest, nice and sweet girl now look what hollywoods done to her she turning into a mean slut. Its hard to find a group like the jonas brothers i mean they wear purity rings, how many stars wear purity rings and are proud of them? none. The jonas brothers are great ro-models for kids, teens and even adults. The cd a little bit longer is great. Nick and Joe still have just a little bit more vioce maturing to do but other than that the cd is great, my personal favorite \\"shelf\\" its an awesome song. The lyrics are amazing, you can tell they've grown in their(nick)ability to write songs. The beats are so catchy like \\"got me going crazy\\" is an awsome upbeat song every time i hear it i want to dance its awesome. Even though i am only 14 i'm no judge but this cd is amazing i would buy it for anyone, if they dont know who the jonas brothers are they are going to be amazed(my mom was ). I was. Its a cd that even my parents aprove of and that dosen't happen very often, my whole family can listen to it. It dosen't have cusing,(i have 7&10 year old sisters)and it dosent talk about sex, drugs and going to clubs and getting your hands on any girl you can find. Its good, its clean, and im not embaresed to play it in the house. I love it. I would highly recomend you buy it if you don't have it. And i'm done.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|What can I say?  The boys are back!  This album reverts back to what Metallica used to be about...kickass guitar solos, and just complete mayhem!  The lyrics are kind of \\"meh\\" but this album still rocks!  It's a must buy!
B000YD7F10|4.0|The Eagles, Desperado, 1973<br /><br />The definite standouts of this album are no doubt Tequila Sunrise and Desperado, which were actually written in the same week, but that is beyond the point. There is one other major standout though, and that is the opener, Doolin Dalton. It is a slower number that is amazing Country Rock in the league of Gram Parsons. There are also a couple fast and fun songs, like Twenty-One, but the ones that keep you listening are the deeper cuts, like Outlaw Man and the mandolin driven Saturday Night. So, if you like Gram Parsons or the Marshall Tucker Band, or just want to hear early Eagles, then this is definitely worth the purchase!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I must say that I was extremely sceptical about hearing this new cd. I have listened to it in its entirety 5 times and it just keeps getting better the more I listen to it. This cd was well worth the wait. It's nice to have another band other than Megadeth that can really bring it!  Great album! Definetly the new \\"justice\\" for the newbies.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|This is a very good album.  Don't believe the hype of all these reviewers who are saying that this is some sort of masterpiece, though.  It's a good album.  It's nice to hear Metallica sounding like Metallica again.  But, it doesn't even come close to pre-Black Album era Metallica.
B001DDBCUA|4.0|The movie was fun and funny, and the potty-humor thing was a real deal and completely minor in terms of time and significance, and adults who take themselves so seriously and consider themselves so \\"cosmopolitan\\" might need to avoid the movie, or most movies in general.<br /><br />Most of all, one of the things that made me love the movie is that it was NOT chock-full of the cheesy double-entendres and one-iners that made the show a success.  My only fear with the movie was \\"gee, how are they going to take cheesy puns and turn it into a two-hour movie worth watching?\\"  Luckily, they didn't try to do that.  They made it based on how real life happens and still interjected plenty of humor and spirit of each character, making them, in my opinion, better and with greater depth than ever before.  And the acting was SUPERB.  They have all honed their craft in the off-time.<br /><br />The movie had actual plots instead of 30-minute slapstick-type scenarios, keeping it true to the last seasons of SATC, but still had lots of smaller less serious mishaps that keep it fun (and also just like real life).<br /><br />Further, the show did an amazing job giving us the same style that kept up drooling for seasons over beautiful fashion and city living, but this time, the characters (even Carrie) didn't take the style so completely seriously as the end-all-be-all, which made the characters and their lives much more relatable for those of us who don't live on Park Avenue.<br /><br />Lose yourself.  Laugh hard.  Cry a little.  Laugh some more.  A watch it with a close gal-pal.  Well worth it.<br /><br />The reason I left off one star is because though I loved that the movie made me think about my own life, friendships and relationship, it wasn't one of the few earth-shaking, life-making movies that reshapes what life is and how I view it, which makes me give that last star.<br /><br />If I were basing the stars solely on how much I enjoyed the movie and the entertainment factor and acting (the acting was superior to any SATC episode!), I would give it five stars.ode!), I would give it five stars.
0439882826|5.0|If anyone in your family were/are Star War fans and love pop-up books this is the best. As a parent as well as a grand parent I purchased this book for everyone. They ALL love the book and plan to keep it for ever.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Well, it is about damn time!!!!!  I was skeptical before hearing this 10 days before the release and then buying it. This has to be there best post-Black album release and is just as good or even better than the Black album.  There is not a bad song on this disc, but there are average ones.  I like just about every song except for the Unforgiven III and the instrumental Suicide & Redemption, which is good, but it drags on too long.  Metallica is not an instrumental band.  I have only read a few of the reviews on this site and I do agree that the mix could of been better, but it does not even compare to St. Crap oh I mean St. Anger. DM does have a raw sound to it.  They should of got Andy Sneap to mix this one though.  He mixed Megadeth's \\"United Abominations\\" & the lastest Testament CD \\"The Formation of Damnation\\" and both sound awesome!!!!  The upside of this CD is Kirk Hammet's excellent lead playing that reminds me of his Justice style of soloing. The best song on this disc has to be Judas Kiss.  One of the best Metallica songs since One or Blackened.     I still do not think that this CD deserves a 5 star rating like some people have given it.  If this is a 5 star, then what should be the ratings for Ride The Lighting, Master of Puppets, and Kill Em All?  A 6+?  I give Death Magnetic a 3.50 - 3.75. This is in reference to their classics of which the three I mentioned above are 5.0, 5.0, and 4.75 respectively, with Justice being a 4.00 - 4.25 and the Black Album is a 3.50.  All I can say is it is worth picking up!!!!!
B000255LIY|4.0|A different view froim the O'Toole/Hepburn classic but very well acted and still as engrossing
0061544493|5.0|I love everything about fashion, beauty, glamour, etc. and decided to add this book to my collection. I enjoyed this book and refer from it from time to time!
0525950079|5.0|After reading Pillars of The Earth and enjoying it immensely, I had to buy Mr. Follets second offering. I truly liked how the first book laid flat while reading it. The second book, after a couple hundred pages also has this nice feature, even though it is a hard cover and over 1000 pages.    It is amazing to me that the human race has continued when you read how they only bathed once a year. I felt the dialogue was more current for now than that time.  It keeps you interested in how the various characters will survive the latest mishap and what will eventually do them in. A good read all the way.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Like I assume many veteran Metallica fans did, I cued up Death Magnetic for the first time with my arms crossed and my face expressing a reasonable amount of skepticism. By the time I reached the third track, I started to lose my standoffish demeanor and even started bobbing my head to Lars Ulrich's ostentatious drumming and James Hetfield's dexterous riffs. After the album wrapped up at just under 80 minutes, the verdict was that Death Magnetic isn't a triumphant return to form for Metallica, but an adroit yet questionable attempt by a group of aged rockers to recapture the glory days of their prime. The album certainly has its venerable qualities: the riffs are powerful, the solos have returned, and the tempo changes are plentiful. However, despite the band's unequivocal  go at thrash metal for the first time in nearly two decades, the effort seems hollow and half-hearted. The album is undeniably metal, but it lacks the complexity and unmitigated finality of Megadeth, or even Slayer's latest offerings. Simply put, there are far better thrash metal albums that have come out lately that exceed Magnetic in quality and ingenuity. This is not to say that Metallica are phoning it in: the albums is certainly the best work the band have released in the last decade. But the inherent limitations that confine the band drag Death Magnetic down like an anchor. James Hetfield still brays monotonously through most of the tracks, challenging listeners to tolerate his strained vocals in order to experience the excellent musicianship Metallica have always been exalted for, and, as was the case with St. Anger, the songs are all about 3 minutes longer than they need to be. Not the least of Magnetic's flaws is the egregious overcompensation in production and mastering. The overt clipping problem the album suffers from might actually compel you to lower the volume rather than crank it up. But, as I stated previously, Magnetic isn't unworthy of praise. The midtempo groove of Broken, Beat and Scarred all but commands you to bang your head while drawing inspiration from Hetfield's emphatic lyrics: \\"What don't kill ya will make ya more strong\\" he proclaims while advising listeners to \\"show your scars.\\" The minute-long intro to The Unforgiven III is poignant and haunting, employing a mournful piano arpeggio accented by strings and horns, and the 10-minute instrumental opus Suicide and Redemption is one of the few Metallica songs in which considerable length contributes more than it detracts. Ultimately Death Magnetic isn't a superlative exhibition of thrash metal excellence, but it's the best Metallica can offer at this point in their careers.
B000SFJWLU|5.0|This is by far one of my favorite cd's i own.  it's a little on the soft side of my taste, but there is just something about the way they flawlessly blend their music and the flow of it that just makes me want to keep listening to it.  everything just mixes togetherso perfectly.  I hope they make a new album real soon!!!
B000VBIEXS|1.0|I'm not going to talk about whether I like ELP or their music or this album other than I really liked this LP as a kid and was happy to bump into a \\"Re-Mastered\\" CD version of it.<br /><br />However, I have to say that the sound is about the worst re-mastered CD I've heard to date. Most noticable on my system is that the precussion parts have been severely obliterated - the cymbals are mostly missing and when noticable sound unreal - not at all like the LP - and most of the rest of the drum kit is noticably muted. Levels are inconsistent within single tracks and from track to track. Karn-evil 9 part 1 seems to have grossly filtered, muted, and muffled. The other reviewer's comment about low pass filtering seems accurate. This CD seems to have lost much of the realism and clarity of the LP.<br /><br />What a disappointment.<br /><br />Update 2013:<br />So looks like Amazon is rolling all the reviews for all the versions of this CD together. I'll have to qualify my comment that my 1 star rating was against the 2007 reissue from Shout Factory.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|The ONLY props i'll give to this album is the fact that they have made an attempt to revisit the older days of Metallica.  I've heard most of the songs from this album, and it's like they're trying to mix \\"St. Anger\\" with \\"Ride The Lightning\\" and it just doesnt' work.  i'll give them a B- for effort but the album is still horrible.  Luckily for this album, i still think \\"St. Anger\\" was THE worst album Metallica has ever done.
6305657947|5.0|This movie is definately one of my favorites. Pierce Brosnan & Russo have amazing chemistry and the acting from the two is impeccable. I am also a James Bond fan, and this movie seems to have a James Bond feel to it. Furthermore, the twists and turns in the movie is more than enough reason to watch it. It will keep you guessing over and over and you will be asking yourself, \\"How did he do that?\\".
B000V86OKG|5.0|Dexter - The second season, was far and away better than the first season.  Dexter's character development was wonderful!  I just hope they keep dark Dexter out and about!!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|If you were as dissapointed in Metallica's last album St. Anger as I was, then this album is a breath of fresh air.  No more whining about dirty windows, anger, and the touchy feely things we saw on Some Kind of Monster.  Metallica is back with a straight up Rock and Roll album again. With full blown guitar solos and great riff hooks, this album has the speed of Kill'em All, power of And Justice For All, and the polished sound of Load all in one package.  The mixing is back to where is should be, Rick Rubin did a great job, let's forget about Bob Rock.        Now for the songs, all just phenomenal.  Personal Favorites are The Day That Never Comes and Judas Kiss.  Unforgiven 3 is a theme returned to again, which is alright, but that is the weakest track on the album for me, otherwise, full speed ahead.  Get this album if you are an old or new fan, a must have.  Thank you Metallica!!!      Finally for those who may not have all the information on the versions of this album available, here is a breakdown: 1. Jewel case Cd 2. Digipack CD (both available in US)  3. Two Disc Vinyl  4. 5 Disc Vinyl with CD (available in US)  5. SHC Japanese Disc (no bonus songs) 6. Digipack (Europe, no new songs)  7. Coffin Box (t-shirt, back stage pass, guitar pick, Demo CD, CD, DVD, 4 member posters in Europe) 8. BEST BUY VERSION CD WITH GUITAR HERO III for X-box 360 download certificate (useless to anyone who has Wii or Playstation 3 like me).    9. Download Version worldwide  10 Guitar Hero 3 Download version coming soon for Playstation 3 and Wii (keep checking the websites for both)  Hope this helps you all
B00005N6KG|2.0|they sound ok, except what good it's for if earpieces constantly fall out and the head band won't stay put. And how could it be otherwise the way they are build as little speakers rigidly facing forward. I saw some reviewers claiming the opposite, but I think they got confused about the product they are reviewing, or else they have heads shaped to special Sony specifications. I finally lost them somewhere to which I could only say: good riddance.
B001DZLAWI|4.0|I am a collector of Metallica and Vinyl, so I purchased both the CD and Vinyl because they were both very affordable on release day.  I am happy with both versions, and like the vinyl because the artwork is large and crisp, with good quality vinyl that plays nicely on my player.  The sound is as good as any recent LP, and should not dissapoint most purchasers.  However, there is no need to buy this and the CD if you are a light collector since there are no bonus tracks or different artwork ect.      As for the album itself, my favorite songs are The Day That Never Comes and Judas Kiss. Unforgiven 3 is a revist of the old Unforgiven Theme, and is good, but I really hope they do not continue the theme into their next album.  Rick Rubin brought this band back to the sound that they needed, and I commend the band for going back to what they do best, Heavy Metal with Speed and Guitar Solos that shred.  Pick this album up, but unless you are a collector, you do not need this vinyl.    Finally for those who may not have all the information on the versions of this album available, here is a breakdown: 1. Jewel case Cd 2. Digipack CD (both available in US) 3. Two Disc Vinyl 4. 5 Disc Vinyl with CD (available in US) 5. SHC Japanese Disc (no bonus songs) 6. Digipack (Europe, no new songs) 7. Coffin Box (t-shirt, back stage pass, guitar pick, Demo CD, CD, DVD, 4 member posters in Europe) 8. BEST BUY VERSION CD WITH GUITAR HERO III for X-box 360 download certificate (useless to anyone who has Wii or Playstation 3 like me).   9. Download Version worldwide 10 Guitar Hero 3 Download version coming soon for Playstation 3 and Wii (keep checking the websites for both)   Hope this helps you all
B0017V7GLC|5.0|I heard the prerelease of Black Cat and I was hooked on this album.  I could not wait for it to come out.  While I was waiting I bought Wiching Hour which is also fabulous.   I can listen to this record over and over, it never burns out. I am listening to it right now as I write this review. It is a wonderful combination of Gothic, Techno, Electro Pop, and a lushness that only Ladytron has.  I highly recomend this album.  It is going on my list of best records of 2008.
1400079276|2.0|This is a story about the Oedipus conflict, taken to the extreme.<br /><br />It is the story about once-smart boy, who, after an inexplicable incident, loses his memory and intelligence and gains the ability to cat whisper. Some are more difficult to converse with than others, (p 76) \\"You have to anticipate a few problems when cats and humans try to speak to each other.\\" The boy becomes a man. His shadow is only half as dark as it should be. He goes on a journey.<br /><br />It's the story of a runaway.<br /><br />It is the story of Colonel Sanders; excessive sleep; graphic sex; Johnnie Walker; love; leeches; murder; mayhem; a stone, an appendageless, long, thin, pale parasite as \\"thick as a man's arm;\\" soldiers, etc., etc.<br /><br />It is the story of a lot of weird, wild, wacky things, twists, turns and surprises. And if, by reading through to the end, the reader were to be able to figure out how all of the characters and concepts were connected, it might be worth the read. Some things become clear. Most remains oddly cloudy. Having enjoyed (but not entirely understood) two other books by Murakami: The Upside-Down Bird Chronicle, and Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman, I thought I was up for the challenge. But this book takes the cake as the strangest book I've ever read. Skip it, and choose instead, either of the two aforementioned, both by Murakami. Also good: The Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka.
B001437DMA|5.0|I believe Satriani is a great guitar player, however most of this cd sounds like a reminiscence of another great... Check Jeff Beck's work.
B000JBWWRY|5.0|The DVD came the next day after I ordered it.  I was pleasantly surprised and watched the DVD that evening.  It was a great purchase.
B0017R5UAA|4.0|If you've ever wondered what it would sound like if Jim James of My Morning Jacket were to become the lead singer for The Shins, then look wonder no longer.<br />Fleet Foxes is a relatively unknown (albeit on the rise) Indie band who not only write beautiful songs, but who also have a love for music in general.  As mentioned in the liner notes, they believe music connects us to a deeper human feeling.  They understand how music becomes soundtracks to certain moments in our lives, and how listening to just one note from one song of an album can instantly transport you back in vivid detail to that certain place and time.<br />As for their album, I can easily see it becoming something similar to that.  I bought the album after having the song \\"White Winter Hymnal\\" crammed into my memory after a zillion plays on the radio station I listen to.  I found myself always singing, \\"I was following the, I was following the...\\" and I thought if it's that catchy, I might as well by the album.  I'm glad I did.  It's quite a brilliant album, and one of the best of the year.<br /><br />Key Track:  White Winter Hymnal
0618526412|5.0|I first read this book as a teenager and I have read it again several times over the years.  There is something so deeply revealing about the human condition in the book.  It is as meaningful to me in my sixties and it was in my teens - I think that something is perhaps a window into the angst of the human condition.  I have read all of Carson McCuller's works, including the ones out of print.
0765318741|2.0|I really wanted to like this book.  Honestly, I did.  I can see why the story of \\"I am Legend\\" has some serious appeal.  I, at least, loved the ending, but it just couldn't make up for the disdain I had for the earlier parts.  Coupled with the fact that this book is 312 pages and the story of \\"I am Legend\\" ends on page 159 means that this entire book isn't \\"I am Legend\\".  Considering I wasn't a huge fan of \\"I am Legend\\", this might sound like a good thing, but the latter half of the book is filled with some incredibly bad short stories.  I have no idea what this publisher was thinking by doing this.<br /><br />Naturally \\"I am Legend\\" is the more famous story in this book and it is definitely the best one by a long shot.  It's the story of Robert Neville a man who believes he is the last man on Earth after a plague has wiped out most of humanity and changing some into horrific vampire/undead beings.  This is the story of Neville trying to overcome his plight and facing these creatures on a daily basis.  Now let me just say that I can understand why people find the book so good.  It's written very vividly and you can really feel the ordeal Robert Neville is going through.  My problem was that I just plain didn't like Robert Neville.  He flew off the handle with frustration far too much and he just did stupid things that a collected person wouldn't make.  I realize that's part of who he was as a character.  It's really hard to like this book when you don't like the main character since this is the sort of story that deals with isolation where the only character you really get to interact with is the main character.  The world Matheson constructed was very interesting to read about and I do like what he did with it.  I even ended up liking the explanation for why certain Vampire legends worked, that's what really saved this book for me.<br /><br />I'll admit, I saw the movie starring Will Smith before I read this.  I'm sort of torn, in a way, because I did like the movie a little better than the book, but that's solely because Will Smith played a rational and very smart Robert Neville.  He didn't fly off the handle in crazy tirades.  A friend of mine put it best \\"if I were stuck in this situation, I would want to be with the Neville from the movie, not the book\\".  I think that aptly displays why I had a hard time liking this book.  As far as the book versus the movie, it's nothing but confusing.  I have no idea why they titled the movie \\"I am Legend\\".  It doesn't have nearly the same creatures as in the book and it doesn't have the same ending.  The lack of that ending completely invalidates the title of the movie, because the book simply ended on a brilliant note that actually fully explains the title, the movie does not.<br /><br />Now these other short stories we have to suffer through at the end is just atrocious.  Yes, I read every single one of them... simply so I could say I have and that my review is fully based on my experience.  There is one story called \\"Witch War\\" in which Matheson goes into detail about these underage girls who display magical abilities.  For whatever reason they're in a military compound and they mentally fight troops with magic before they can even engage their target.  It's just a stupid story.  It makes almost no sense.  \\"Dress of White Silk\\" drove me insane because it made no sense at the end.  I have a general idea of what happened, but I really don't know for sure.  It has to do with a little girl who is obsessed with her mother, but she's dead.  Then it goes off in some tangent of killing a friend.  I had my girlfriend read it and she couldn't figure out what happened either, so I guess it's not just me.  Then the most infuriating is \\"Mad House\\".  It's a concept that this guy who is angry all the time is transmitting that anger into the things around him until the house eventually attacks him.  This would have been alright if it was only a few pages, but it's a twenty plus page story with excruciating detail that I didn't care to read.  The best one is probably \\"Person to Person\\" though, which was written well after the others.  That's about a man who is hearing a telephone ring in his head and he eventually answers it and speaks to a voice on the other end.  You eventually figure out who the voice is and it's sort of clich&eacute;, but it wasn't a bad read overall.  This isn't all of them, but the others were also terrible.  Having one decent story in that mix didn't help rating this book any.<br /><br />Overall \\"I am Legend\\" was a pretty solid story, but the novel ended on such a bad note with the other stories.  \\"I am Legend\\" is definitely an excellent tale given it's time frame, but I just couldn't fully get into it as I explained above.  I hope people will understand my reasoning.<br /><br />Rating for \\"I am Legend\\": 3 out of 5<br />Rating for Various Stories: 1 out of 5<br />Overall Rating: 2 out of 5idn't care to read.  The best one is probably \\"Person to Person\\" though, which was written well after the others.  That's about a man who is hearing a telephone ring in his head and he eventually answers it and speaks to a voice on the other end.  You eventually figure out who the voice is and it's sort of clich, but it wasn't a bad read overall.  This isn't all of them, but the others were also terrible.  Having one decent story in that mix didn't help rating this book any.    Overall \\"I am Legend\\" was a pretty solid story, but the novel ended on such a bad note with the other stories.  \\"I am Legend\\" is definitely an excellent tale given it's time frame, but I just couldn't fully get into it as I explained above.  I hope people will understand my reasoning.    Rating for \\"I am Legend\\": 3 out of 5  Rating for Various Stories: 1 out of 5  Overall Rating: 2 out of 5
0670020745|5.0|This book has so much important information. I only wish I had that infomation when my father was dying. He did not have a stroke, but he was unable to speak and some of his caregivers were very unaware of his ability to hear and understand the energy they were bringing into his space. With this book, hopefully people who care for those who seem to be unaware will look at their patients with a new eye.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Whereas this album still isn't as good as the earlier works, such as \\"Ride The Lightning\\" and \\"Master Of Puppets\\" it definately is a step back towards the classic Metallica.    I think it's a little disputed, and commonly agreed upon, opinion that Bob Rock ruined Metallica with the release of \\"Metallica\\" (The Black Album). While the Black Album itself wasn't bad, (they could still write music) he brought them down a path of losing the writing skills they had nearly perfected by \\"...And Justice For All\\". The Black Album was only good because of residual skill from the first 4 albums, that wore of by the time they released \\"Load\\".    \\"Load\\", \\"Re-Load\\", and \\"St. Anger\\" are all just Bob Rock-ified attemts at money grabbing.    However, getting rid of Bob Rock, and replacing him with the GREAT producer Rick Rubin, I feel that they have a chance at a comeback. While it's not a classic (come on, really, \\"The Unforgiven III\\"? just give up trying to recreate The Black Album) the removal of Bob Rock was DEFINATELY a step in the right direction for Metallica.
B001ECQ75A|5.0|Sheer cartoon genius...Jack Black is on top of his game!!!..I laughed from beginning to the end. The expressions on these characters were hysterical. When I initially sat down to watch the movie with my six year old son I thought \\"I cant wait for this to be over\\" but when the credits rolled I turned and  looked at my son and said \\"Again\\"...and he nodded YES!!!....
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Well finally Metallica return to metal with their heaviest since \\"JUSTICE\\". If the fans are still looking for \\"KILL 'EM ALL\\" or \\"MASTER OF PUPPETS\\", then this one is not it either. THose days unfortunatly died with Cliff Burton. But the album rocks in a big way, all but two songs are really heavy in nature. Metallica are back in great form, so do not miss out. Plus it is great to see the original logo back as well. Enjoy!!!
B0007P0XNC|5.0|Study of discontent and marginalization, more than Mussolini's (or Hitler's) political crimes, it's also a representation of ordinary life in Rome before the Second World War becomes the nightmare it will become.
B001FEA9QU|5.0|After St Anger I guess you could say I was a little worried about my favorite band. I just didn't like that last album at all.      This one however, is well done.  I can hear the influence of every album they have done.  Yet it centers somewhere between ...And Justice For All and the Black Album.  I heard they were taken by Mr. Rubin and attempting to recreate Master of Puppets.  The influence is there but the sounds is as I said.    The riffs are crisp and impressive.  Hetfields singing is in a higher octave and mean.  The solo's are very good!  My favorite being the solo on All Nightmare Long.    This is really more old school than new school.  I am not certain the main stream will like this...only time will tell.    I definetly recommend this CD for all Metallica fans.
B00003CX5P|4.0|The Star Wars Episode 1 dvd was in gerat shape. The cover had very slight wear and tear but also in good condition. My overall interaction with this seller was great. Great!    Thanks!
1600610234|5.0|Always a pleasure to see Doug Chiangs work and now we get a chance to see how he does it . A nice look into the workings of a sci-fi inventer . Lots of helpful advice and encouragement .     Graham McKenzie
B000A59PMO|5.0|veronica mars is a briliant series and i have enjoyed watching it. I Love the fact that a girl gets one over everyone.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|each song is a duplicate of the last with the only exception track four. this is the least creative or imaginative album to date for metallica. the lyrics could have been written by a fourth grader and james can't keep up with his guitar playing duties and singing duties, he seems to be stuttering through most of the lyrics, the last track could be played by any average garage band. what a waste.    by the way st anger was far better than this piece of crap
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Death... Mag... Ne... Tic.     It drew me in alright. Best Metallica album in 17 year? A comeback from the gods of Heavy Metal? Or Rock album of the year? It's all of them.    This one is for all the Metallica fans and any headbangers alike. Gone is the alternative feel of the Loads. Gones is the trashcan lid of St. Anger. What you have here is punch-in-your-gut-cause-it-feels-good metal. Thrash... Did I say that? Yes. Thrash, my friends. From \\"End Of The Line,\\" \\"Broken, Beat, & Scarred,\\" \\"All Nightmare Long,\\" to \\"My Apocalypse;\\" You can be sure that these are going to become Metallica concert standards.    Decimate the haters. Pick this one. You won't regret it, 'cause MetallicA is back and they're coming through full speed. In your face!
B00192KCQ0|2.0|1. CD TITLE=Appealing.  2. SOUND QUALITY=Extremely small improvement from St Anger production.  3. SONGS=Better than St Anger, but still clustered and thrown together.  Alot of the chord and tempo changes feel `forced` and not flowing.  Unfortunately, overall this CD is quite unbearable mostly due to the sound quality, but Metallica will still make millions because of their strong fanbase.  4. SUMMARY=Horrible sound quality makes it impossible to listen to Metallica attempt to re-create the METAL in their music...two star rating is due to the very small but still recognizable improvement from St Anger.
B0019UGYK0|5.0|I don't view \\"Cool Hand Luke\\" as an indictment of our penal system.  Rather, it's an allegory about senseless systemic control over a compliant underclass.  Most of the prisoners in the work prison are there for such minor offenses such as passing bad checks or in the case of Luke(Paul Newman) destroying parking meters while in a drunken state. The keepers at the prison resort their charges to demeaning degradation like having them ask permission to swat a fly otherwise it's a night in the sweatbox.  Along comes Luke to flaunt the authority and become a folk hero to the other inmates.  However, once his mother passes Luke's anti-authoritarian streak developes a purpose and the system becomes more sadistic to set an example to the other inmates about crossing the line.  This is one of Newman's many landmark performances.  The look on his face when he delivers his final line says volumes.  George Kennedy deservedly took home the Oscar as Luke's initial adversary and finally his acolyte.  Though his screen time is short Strother Martin as the Captain leaves an indelible impact on the film.  His fey delivery of his now renowned failure to communicate line leaves a chill in your bones.  Lot's of good actors on hand here though, oddly enough, Dennis Hopper doesn't leave much of a mark.  An unqualified classic.
0393061434|5.0|Don't be put off by the negative statements about this guy. He is actually a very good writer. He explains himself clearly, and gets across complicated ideas in an accessable way, that... sort of just flows into the brain with the minimal of the reader's effort.    I think the main problem that readers have with his writing, IS his accessability! They want him to write in really over-complicated ways. You know... University degree educated people who feel something is not correct unless it's hard to read and hard to understand, so they can prove they are smarter than everyone else. I think most of the negative reviewers here are the ones who are bloated on the ego and butcher language, cos I found Woz a lot easier to read than their reviews.    Sadly, this is a comment on our times. There are too many stupid people in society who go around rubbishing inventors cos they are jealous that for all their degrees, achievements and so called intelligence, they never found themself capable of inventing anything.    Small minded arrogant University degree educated people make life tough for those who want to make the world a better place.
B000YENUI6|4.0|A man sitting in the barber chair unassumingly gets his throat slashed.  A fourteen year-old girl dies in child birth leaving behind a diary whose contents causes mayhem within the Russian Mob in London.  \\"Eastern Promises\\" is a good film but falls short of it's potential.  The underlying mystery is OK but nothing earth shattering.  The film has good ethnic color but doesn't shed much light on the inner workings of the Russian Mob.  The film's main strengths are terrific lead performances by Viggo Mortensen as the mysterious gangster Nikolai and Naomi Watts as a mid-wife of Russian extraction who is drawn into the sordid events depicted in the film.  \\"Eastern Promises\\" is worth checking out with minor qualification.  Not for the squeamish, though.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Coldplay's latest album brings life back to the music scene with creative sound and originality per usual.  A bit more upbeat than previous albums with spine tingling intro.  Bottom line: haven't stopped listening to it since I got it.
B00005K3OT|5.0|There are a few movies I believe approach perfection: The Princess Bride, Errol Flynn's Robin Hood, Meet Joe Black, Young Frankenstein. If you're still reading, watch this movie. It has that 1940's look and pace, and the great classic acting earlier films often contained. It has a thoroughly modern sensibility, however, in the way the story is told and the depth you see in the characters. Reviewers often use the word \\"gentle\\" to describe this movie -- but the issues it deals with are nothing of the sort. You'll have to watch for yourself -- but I believe you'll feel better about the world when you've done so.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|This isn't the renaissance that a lot of fans are seeming to proclaim for the band. It's not the album that people have been waiting for so many years for, and it is the one that finally does make it really apparent that they'll probably never hit the same level that they did in the past. But... it's a lot better than St. Anger, and it's better than Load/Reload too.     Musically, it's a mix that seems like a cross somewhere between Ride the Lightning's thrashing speed metal and Load's more heavily distorted blues-style guitars. Talking just from a standpoint of drums and guitar this album is as good as anything Metallica has done, albeit in a slightly different style.     The places where it falters are glaring, though. Hetfield mails it in a number of songs, almost completely fails at others, and never hits stride anywhere on the album. It's almost like the album is just in the wrong key to make him as effective as he used to be; he seems to be singing at too high of a pitch despite being on key, and he's still trying to sing like it's Load/Reload rather than growl and roar emotives through the songs like he has in the past. He's never been a good singer, but he was great as the growl, so it's disappointing that he doesn't reprise that style for this album because it really would have pushed it over the edge into something spectacular.    Top that off with the lyrics being almost completely forgettable, and it makes the album a mixed bag. Part of what made their classic albums as powerful and long-lived as they have been is that they had lyrics that were iconic for the times (and still fit amazingly well). For lack of a better way of describing them, they were relevant; Death Magnetic's are predictable and lack that impact, and are not something you can't help but sing along with every time the song comes around like the old tunes.     It's far from bad, and it's easily the best album these guys have put out in a long time. It's hard to explain it; the music is outstanding, it's rocking, and it's clearly Metallica. It's just not backed up by the powerful lyrics they once had or (as much as it sucks to say it, sorry James) by a singer who even seems to care anymore once the singing starts on most of the songs.
B0010X8NF0|4.0|This is one of those movies you either love or you hate.  I like it, but I am not suprised that it has drawn some very negative reviews.  It's not for everyone.
B0018BB21G|5.0|I'd forgotten how enjoyable this disc is. In the 70's, this was my favorite Moody Blues album. I thought it would now sound dated and too hippie. But not so. Many of the melodies are very beautiful. And I now have a greater understanding of the spiritual message behind the songs. (Might now know what is meant by \\"Timothy Leary's dead\\"?)    So for all of you that kind of remember the 60's and 70's, this one is worth listening to again.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I loved Ms. Knightly but I have fallen in love with Mr. Macfadyen.  Gosh he is believable in this role.  I also purchased the Pride and Prejudice with Mr. Firth, and I must admit I like it but not as much as I love the one with Mr. Macfadyen.  Don't get me wrong both are wonderful, but Mr. Macfadyen is wonderful.
B0017ASV1C|2.0|There are films that the critics pan but the people love. This isn't one of them. There are movies with trailers that so effectively summarize a weak story that there isn't much point in watching the film. This is one of those movies. The trailer hit every high point. The trailer got me to the show. If only the movie had been constructed so skillfully...    Robert De Niro and Al Pacino play two grizzled veteran (\\"thirty plus years\\") NYPD detectives who are investigating a series of vigilante-style killings of \\"low lifes\\" who escaped justice. The meandering trail may lead to a rogue cop.    The story soon gets confusing. I lost interest. But De Niro and Pacino do not disappoint. They demonstrate that the fire is still burning. They perform with power and conviction. The audience was clearly pulling for them. Occasionally the two (mostly Pacino) had a funny line, and the audience responded with enthusiasm. Unfortunately, there were only a few such moments.    There just wasn't much for the cast to work with. This isn't Heat, the 1995 classic in which the two starred. This is Heat on Ice.    I'll give it two stars for the two stars.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|It is what it is... This is NOT a return to form per se, but more of a conscious, well thought out attempt by METALLICA LLC to appeal to their fanbase, while letting Kirk off his leash a bit. After having seen \\"Some Kind of Monster\\" and getting a glimpse of how James and Lars behave like the stereotypical spoiled rock stars they are, clearly driven by greed and the financial side of the music biz as opposed to people who are driven by the music itself anymore, it just seemed then that I was now listening to a band who was trying to get the best of me, let alone get my money.. Rather than a band who says,\\"Here, check this out, this is us and this is what we do... if you like it cool, we're honored that you dig our stuff\\" Even listening to their back catalog, there are countless \\"Rip-Offs\\" of hard working, penniless and even dead musicians... Not to mention, sucking what they could from Dave Mustaine and his endless talent and then spitting him out like pulp (which, you can tell has greatly affected Dave Mustaine. After what was shown in the DVD I really wish Mustaine would be able to hold his head up higher and be proud of his awesome career a little more, which maybe he is now and was just made to look bad in the DVD, who knows)... However I do get an evil grin across my face whenever I listen to my MEGADETH records and think man, this guy has more talent than any of them could ever dream of, METALLICA was just better at marketing than he was... I was always more of a MEGADETH fan anyways. This isn't a bad record, but to root for these guys nowadays makes me feel like they're in the Special Olympics or something... There are new bands as well as veterans left and right just pumping out great songs all over the world that deserve my hard earned buck more than this, so I sold my copy of Death Magnetic on eBay... Bought the new MOTORHEAD album instead. Rock On!!!
B0012QE4Q2|3.0|Catherine Carey, Henry Carey and Elizabeth I, Queen of England, were cousins<br />and halflings at once? Henry VIII Tudor really wasn't a very nice man.<br />Mary had two children by the king and Anne only one.<br />The political and bedroom customs of the time don't seem very Christian.<br />For lust Henry VIII broke with the Catholic Church and<br />all his trying for a son seem to have been in vane<br />except for ones under other people's names?<br />The acting is very good but the costumes and setting aren't too accurate<br />either.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|One of my favourite releases this year is Coldplay's (Chris Martin, Jonny Buckland, Guy Berryman, Will Champion) \\"Viva La Vida\\" (2008). This is a \\"Global\\" release the type of album that can be enjoyed by people from all over the world who enjoy all different kinds of music. The melodies Coldplay provide are moving, listeners travel on on a memorable musical journey throughout. The title track and second single which shares the album name \\"Viva La Vida\\" is an upbeat anthem - Coldplay take things to another level with this exceptional contribution. \\"42\\" is a powerful track the opener to it had this reviewer thinking of good friends who have died to young and how we have to live every day like its our last. Found that I enjoyed listening to every track on this release,and some have grown on me with more listens (EG Strawberry Swing), recommend acquiring the Itunes bonus track version of \\"Lost\\" which is laced with some excellent production. Premium release. Two thumbs up.
B000BNI90O|5.0|With the release of the Complete Recordings, Peter Jackson and Howard Shore gave their fans the opportunity to return into the mystics of middle-earths music deeper than before. While the ordinary soundtracks only had some selected parts of this epic score, fans are now able to listen to every single note, Shore wrote for this fantastic trilogy. You are able to learn everything about the history of the music, with lots of informations about the different musical themes, which you can hear through the 3 hours of music.  A fantastic CD-Box!
0132350882|4.0|\\"Clean Code\\" focuses on how to write \\"good\\" code.  Where \\"good\\" is defined as being easy for others to read and maintain.  It's not that I disagree with the definition of \\"good\\" here.  The quotes are because 'bad\\" code is easier to identify.  Then there is \\"good\\" code and really \\"great\\" code.  The code in this book is what we should aspire to write.<br /><br />There are three main sections to the book.  The first describes principles with examples.  I liked this section best including the chapters written by other experts.  The third is the actual \\"smells and heuristics.\\"  While they are good, they were so short they wound up being a summary.<br /><br />The second section is the case studies.  Martin warns up front that this will involve a lot of reading code and cross referencing.  I had trouble with flipping back and forth between the chapter, rules and an appendix at the same time.  So much flipping was disruptive to my train of thought - even with three bookmarks.<br /><br />Martin is good about referencing other related titles such as \\"Implementation Patterns.\\"  If you haven't yet read \\"Implementation Patterns\\", I recommend starting with that title.  It's easier reading which is helpful when newer to a topic.  Also while both books are very good, I liked \\"Implementation Patterns\\" better.  (see my review on that title for why)<br /><br />The actual content was excellent.  The book only loses a point for the logistical issues in reading it.
0394800184|5.0|[[ASIN:0394800184 Are You My Mother?]]    This is a great book for young children. I loved it as a child and my grandsons love it.
B000089RV6|5.0|After being sad about Bon Scotts death AC/DC set out too find the replacement singer. They soon found what they were looking for, Brian Johnson and than set out work on there biggest album too date 1980's Back In Black. By the time they were done recording it they had 10 hard rock tracks that were destined too sell such classics as, \\"Hells Bells\\", \\"Shoot To Thrill\\", \\"Back In Black\\", to the hard rock ballad, \\"You Shook Me All Night Long\\", things never stop rocking on here. Though its not the same as Bon Scott era AC/DC i think it lives up too that. Too date this album has sold over 25 million copies worldwide and still sells to this date. And its actullay a silent tribute too Bon Scott. It truly was the beginning of an era and era thats still living to this day with AC/DC's upcoming realese, \\"Black Ice\\".
0843176555|5.0|MY CHILDREN LOVED THE LITTLE MR & MISS BOOKS. THEY WERE GREAT BEDTIME STORIES. NOW I HAVE BOUGHT MY GRANDSONS SOME AND THEY LOVE THEM TOO. THEY ARE SILLY ENJOYABLE BOOKS FOR A YOUNG CHILD.
B000002AP1|5.0|One of the first hard rock punk albums ever realesed. Realesed in 1973 the stooges album Raw Power is just one of those albums you cant be with out. From the heavy anti war rocker, \\"Search And Destroy\\", to the final track,\\" Death Trip\\", the album is non stop punk rock classic buy today
B0002M6QLS|3.0|Note:  this is the first French comedy I've seen, and I watched it subbed.  Please keep in mind when reading review.    I figured I should watch this movie because of the writer: Luc Besson.  Everything I've seen by Luc Besson has impressed me thus far: The Fifth Element takes every scifi convention, throws it in a blender along with crazy funny mayhem, and out pops one of the most original and stunning movies quite possibly ever made.  The two Transporter films were madcap action, mixed with awesome stunts.  I went into this film expecting Transporter/Fifth Element-like craziness.    Instead, Taxi is a comedy.  A French buddy comedy.  Which has very different comedic timing and sets up the humor in a very different way from the typical USA buddy comedy films.  While it lacks the craziness of the Fifth Element and Transporter, it gains that back, oddly enough, in charm.  The stunts/FX are very simple.  I could imagine this appealing to recent high school grads who think foreign film is cool.    While I can't recommend this to the vast majority of my own twentysomething friends, who can't stand subbed only foreign film, I would recommend this film to American viewers who wants a taste of what French comedy is like, and what is considered somewhat popular for comedy in France (this movie now has 3 sequels).  It was an eye-opener for me.
B00008BXJ6|5.0|AC/DC is a true power rock band. Every song on there electrifying debut is rocking all with the same basic rock beat and cool guitar riffs. Starting off with Its A Long Way To The Top it just goes from there every song on here is rocking(well except maybe the bluesy Little Lover) But still the album is AC/DC when they were young as it says in the booklet. Lock up your daughters because this album is a non stop rock thriller and is perfect for any person who loves basic rock n roll and not concept albums.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I really love this movie.  I watched it because people whole loved BBC's pride and prejudice recommended it.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|Realesed in 1978 Van Halen had been together since 1974 playing gigs and making up songs but it wasnt until 1977 when the bassist in the cool band KISS Gene Simmons discovered them playing at a club in California that they would become the Van Halen we know and love today. In 1977 the band recorded demo with Gene Simmons called, \\"Zero\\", containing some songs on this album and future albums they made but this album Van Halen I was the one that got it all started. Recorded over about three weeks in 1978 at Warner Bros. Studios Van Halens first album is probaly there best album they've ever made and was pretty big when it came out. 11 tracks in total and around 35 minutes long its a great hard rock 70s album that any rock fan should own. Starting off with the cool riff, \\"Running With The Devil\\", thats bassicly just van halen rocking out and than it goes into one of the best guitar solos of all time from no other than the guitar master Eddie Van Halen that lasts for about 1:42 and than goes into a killer tribute too the Kinks staple song, \\"You Really Got Me\\", thats even better than the original lasts for about 3 minutes than goes into the song Aint Talkin Bout Love which has remained a Van Halen concert staple too this date. Than the fifth track, \\"Im The One\\", has a cool drum beat thats constant through the whole song than goes into the song Jaimies Crying which has a very simple beat too it and a cool heavy riff but it really starts rocking on the seventh track, Atomic Punk, which has the coolest guitar intro than gets into this very cool and complex drum beat and guitar riff and that bass plays the same riff through out the whole song. Than on the eighth track Feel Your Love Tonight has another cool Van Halen sounding riff but than it goes into Little Dreamer starts off with a cool hard rock style guitar intro and than the drums and bass come in and the vocals too and it just rocks from there. But than on track ten, Ice Cream Man it starts off with this weird 50s style accoustic thing but after about a minute it goes too the van halen we know and love. Than the stellar album ends with the rocker On Fire and like that the blasting album is over. Honestly i dont think Van Halen ever made an album as good as this though 1984 came pretty close and this is like ten times better than any Sammy Hagar album ever made. So what are you waiting for download this album or copy it from a freind or buy it and than put it on you iPod than plug your headphones and blast out this album in its entirey and than post a comment on what you think of it.e accoustic thing but after about a minute it goes too the van halen we know and love. Than the stellar album ends with the rocker On Fire and like that the blasting album is over. Honestly i dont think Van Halen ever made an album as good as this though 1984 came pretty close and this is like ten times better than any Sammy Hagar album ever made. So what are you waiting for download this album or copy it from a freind or buy it and than put it on you iPod than plug your headphones and blast out this album in its entirey and than post a comment on what you think of it.
B000W9EOEC|5.0|This is anmazing LIVE album. I didnt think it would be that good cuz its live but i was impressed. DAFT PUNK RULES!!!!!!!!!!
B000002H33|5.0|True classic thrash metal album and one of Metallica's best albums too date. Every song on here is from 5-9 minutes long each with heavy guitar pounding beats and heavy stellar beats that make this CD a must have. Some key tracks on here are, battery, master of puppets, damage inc, and the thing that should not be. I love all the songs on here and its great album too listen too if your bored one day pull this cd out or buy it and than blast it. Great Metallica album one of the best Metallica albums there is buy today!
031606792X|5.0|I couldn't get through this book fast enough!  Stephanie Meyer created a thrilling masterpiece in this book.  If you've read all of the others, you are eagerly anticipating the direction she will take Bella and Edward.  This book wraps it all up, and not without surprises!  I was sad when I finished reading this book because I have fallen in love with the different characters and don't want to stop being part of this world created by Stephanie Meyer.
B00008BXJG|5.0|By 1979 AC/DC were starting too gain recognition in the US but still werent that big there and they had a few albums behind them, High Voltage, Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap, Let There Be Rock, Powerage, If You Want Blood Youve Got it LIVE, but this one just might be one of the best AC/DC albums ever realesed. From the title track too the end this album never stops rocking and the song, Highway To Hell, shows that it doesent take 10 minute jams to make a great rock album all it takes is simple three chord riffs basic rock beat drums and cool vocals and a nice guitar solo in the middle. Highway To Hell is another one of those riffs every rock fan knows. Realesed in 1979 Highway To Hell is the album that got AC/DC too become a big band in America. Unfortunatly though it would be the last album with the singer, Bon Scott because he died in 1980. Buy this album today people or get a copy of it somewhere cant live without this album.
B000V86OKG|5.0|I am a fan of Dexter!  Why?  I don't understand it, but I'm absolutely hardly able to wait for the third season to begin......yeah it happens this month.  Now about the second season, I was wondering how they could top season one but they did it.....in spades.  I am completely into the series and this is pretty much a first for me, I always loose interest in a series long before one season is over.  Second season did not disappoint, it was good right up until the end.  I'm looking forward to season three.
B000002KIE|5.0|Too me probaly the greatest punk album thats ever been made now and than. The Sex Pistols were just one of those bands you dont come by too often and still dont come by bands like The Ramones and The Clash were punk too but The Sex Pistols took it a step further and were even arrested were playing the song, \\"God Save The Queen\\", in front of the queen of england. From the opening track, \\"Holidays in the Sun\\", to the ending track, \\"EMI\\", the album is non stop 3 minute fast punk songs and probaly the best song on the whole album, \\"Anarchy In The UK\\". Unfortunatly though this is the only studio Sex Pistols album that has ever been made partly due to the fact of tensions between the band and the death of the bands bass player Sid Vicious but The Sex Pistols were a band that werent meant too last that long and when they were around at there peak they were like no other punk band on the scene. Another album that you cant live without and get these songs today
0736063684|5.0|I chanced upon this book a year back in BJs and happen to grab it. I still think it was one of the best buys. The book has got one of the best illustrations on strength training anatomy. The book is divided into various sections with a set of excercises to develop strength in specific areas of anatomy. The text along with the illustrations are also very good and helpful. They also have specific dicussions on wears and tears in different muscles due to specific excercises.    I have followed the book and have been successful in toning my body. When my brother in law, who is a fitness enthusiast and a practicing doctor, visited me from Oman, he too liked the book and we ordered a copy for him through Amazon. Fully satisfied and will recommend this book to any fitness enthusiast, of any level.    There is a women's version of this book. Its a good book too but I think this book covers both the sexes pretty well.
B00006AW2M|4.0|It was an attempt at being a full fleged acid rock band. I dont think that they failed at it but they certinanly made a good try but i dont think the Rolling Stones were meant too be an acid rock type band. Though i do think this album is way underatted and generllay gets bad reviews but i dont think its that bad and it is a good acid rock album. Some cool tracks on here are, 2000 light years from home, shes a rainbow, citadel, etc. If you are a huge stones fan or love absoutley love acid rock than this albums for you.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Oh my goodness, they're back. I did not have much hope when I heard The Day That Never Comes, and I still don't like that track, but the rest of this album is gold. Very nice. Energetic, passionate... Everything you could ever want in a classic Metallica album.    However, the production sucks quite frankly.    There is lots of clipping, especially on loud bass drum parts, so the entire song distorts and crackles sometimes. It's just like Rush's Vapor Trails. Sometimes it's hard to bear. How could one of the most famous bands in the world deal with bad production?    Granted, this isn't a bowl of vomit like St. Anger, where you couldn't distinguish ANY musical sound. The music is good and that helps, but I wish this could have pristine production like The Black Album. The bass comes through sometimes, so I can't compare this with And Justice For All. AJFA also doesn't have clipping, which is the blight of all modern recordings.    So in conclusion: GO BUY THIS ALBUM! Do it, it's totally worth it. It might not sound so good on surround sound, though.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|P HEATH IS ON THE MONEY A VERY DESCENT ALBUM NOT A MASTER OR AND JUSTICE BUT QUALITY WORTH HAVING. FLUSH THAT LOAD, RELOAD AN ST. ANGER DOWN THE TOILET.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|About time finally a good album since the black album i have been frustrated with the new style.I am glad to hear metallica again I havent bought anything since the black album.I was very excited when i started to hear the new stuff on sirius sat. radio i couldent believe my ears how great, I felt just like I did when I first started to like metallica many years ago.For those who hate dont listen you have a choice those who love play it loud and proud thanks metallica for coming home we missed you.No time like the present go get this you wont be dissapointed.
B00008OE4W|5.0|i liked this movie when it came out.  robert redford was funny,witty and charming.  very interesting and entertaining for the redford fan.
0790737345|1.0|After seeing the original, Wings of Desire, I found City of Angels to be an obvious, annoying, sentimental nothing of a Hollywood movie.  While we're on the subject, I can't understand why Nicholas Cage abandoned those edgy roles for which he is so gifted (e.g., Wild at Heart, Moonstruck, etc.).  Anyway, see the evocative Wings of Desire; Columbo's in it!
0375707972|5.0|I love history and this book has more to offer than history.  A real story of people, events, history, compassion and finality of reality.
B000S0GYRU|5.0|Like myself, many Dario Argento fans have long awaited the American release of \\"The Mother of Tears.\\"  It is the third installment of the Three Mothers Trilogy.  (At the Toronto International Film Festival, Argento hinted at a fourth film, a prequel.)  The classic horror film, \\"Suspiria\\" is the first installment.  Before seeing \\"The Mother of Tears\\" for the first time, I wanted to revisit \\"Suspiria.\\"<br /><br />  First, let me give you some history about the Three Mothers.  In the eleventh century, there were three sisters who were evil witches.  They traveled the world, accumulating great wealth and spreading death.  The oldest one (Mater Suspiriorum or the Mother of Sighs) was Helena Markos; she settled in Germany.  She established a school of witchcraft which the locals condemned.  Helena was killed.  Soon afterwards, the school began teaching ballet instead of witchcraft.<br /><br />  An American student, Suzy Banyon (Jessica Harper of \\"Minority Report\\"), arrives at the ballet school.  The teachers, she soon discovers, are witches who are viciously murdering anyone, students and faculty, who offend them.<br /><br />  Critics and fans have hailed \\"Suspiria\\" as a masterpiece.  Allow me to quickly explain why it remains a favorite of mine.  \\"Suspiria\\" is the perfect movie to watch on Halloween.  It is spooky, creepy, and nightmarish.  Filmed in primary colors of blue and red, \\"Suspiria\\" has a nightmare quality.  It is obvious that Dario Argento was highly influenced by the Master of the Macabre, Italian film director Mario Bava.  The soundtrack, provided by Goblin, is positively eerie.  The death scenes are some of the most vicious I've ever seen.  The supporting cast is awesome.<br /><br />  Joan Bennett, who portrayed Madame Banc, was a treat to watch.  She is the veteran actress of the daytime soap, \\"Dark Shadows,\\" which was the essence of gothic.  This soap opera had ghosts, witches, warlocks, vampires, werewolves, and other supernatural creatures of the occult world.  She was a perfect choice for portraying a witch.  The stern, masculine Alida Valli was the perfect choice for the intimidating Miss Tanner, another witch.  She was in Mario Bava's \\"Lisa and the Devil\\" and would later act in \\"Inferno,\\" the sequel to \\"Suspiria.\\"<br /><br />  While watching \\"Suspiria,\\" the usage of telekinesis and the fiery climax reminded me of \\"Carrie.\\"  Also, the witch conspiracy was reminiscent of \\"Rosemary's Baby.\\"  Both movies are horror classics.  \\"Suspiria\\" is also a classic that is required viewing by all horror fans.  Every fan of Dario Argento has seen \\"Suspiria.\\"  It was the movie that turned me into one of his biggest fans.  I recommend watching it again before seeing \\"Mother of Tears.\\"world.  She was a perfect choice for portraying a witch.  The stern, masculine Alida Valli was the perfect choice for the intimidating Miss Tanner, another witch.  She was in Mario Bava's \\"Lisa and the Devil\\" and would later act in \\"Inferno,\\" the sequel to \\"Suspiria.\\"<br /><br />  While watching \\"Suspiria,\\" the usage of telekinesis and the fiery climax reminded me of \\"Carrie.\\"  Also, the witch conspiracy was reminiscent of \\"Rosemary's Baby.\\"  Both movies are horror classics.  \\"Suspiria\\" is also a classic that is required viewing by all horror fans.  Every fan of Dario Argento has seen \\"Suspiria.\\"  It was the movie that turned me into one of his biggest fans.  I recommend watching it again before seeing \\"Mother of Tears.\\"
0838577016|5.0|i have no problem with this product. I will recommend it anytime to anyone that ask my advise.
B00009Y3L4|5.0|I first saw Cabaret on Broadway in April 1968, wit the original Broadway Cast. I thought that it was fantastic. We talked about it for several days after seeing the production.We enjoyed the play so much that when the movie was released in 1972 we were in no hurry to see it knowing that it couldnt compare with the play. After several friends encouraged us to see it we gave in, took a drive to the local multiplex, bought the tickets and reluctantly entered the darkened theater expecting to be proven right in that no movie could possible be better then the Broadway play. How wrong we were, the move was so far superior to the play it was like it was two different stories. Happily some of the songs that didnt work on Broadway were left out and the movie cast did great credit to all of the music in the show. In my eyes nobody but Liza Minnelli could play Sally Bowes. Joel Gray was good on Broadway but he was fantastic in the movie.
B000N4SHPS|5.0|I wasn't sure what to expect with the news that a new Rocky movie was in the works.  I thought to myself \\"Well, maybe this is just TOO much and the series should have stayed in the past where it belongs\\".  BUT, I was wrong.    This movie really surprised me with the amount of emotional scenes.  More emotion than the older Rocky films, which is amazing.  This is what REALLY made the movie shine in a light that made the entire thing worth watching over and over.    The emotions obviously lead up to one heck of a fantastic boxing match at the end.  Who wins the fight?  Doesn't matter, and you'll see why at the end.  What a great way to end an interesting series, that's all I'll say about the ending.    Another thing that surprised me was the way the entire movie had a creepy, quiet tone that pretty much stayed like that until the training for the main boxing match at the end.  That tone really helped keep my interest in the storyline, so a job WELL done.      Another cool thing is how the storyline leads you believe Rocky is too old to ever fight again, and then you see a completely different person when the time comes for Rocky to fight.  Awesome.    You must see Rocky Balboa to watch how to properly tell an interesting and emotional story.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|The name of the instumental on this album is Suicide and Redemption.  That is fitting because St. Anger was near suicide for Metallica, but Death Magnetic is their redemption.    I have been a Metallica fan since 1985.  I thought that the band has been going down hill since the black album, and St. Anger was total trash.  But this album definitely rocks.  I would highly recommend this album to anyone who likes the old Metallica.  In my opinion, it might be their best since Master of Puppets!    Welcome back Metallica!
B00192KCQ0|2.0|Listened to the album for a couple of days. Some songs are good, others seem drawn out. Some gripes however. First, Hetfield's vocals have no atmosphere. He's shallow sounding to the point that he risks being drowned out by Hammet's guitar and Ulrich's drums. I miss the scathing, resonating tones he left behind on their earlier recordings. The second gripe is Lars' drums. The drums lack depth. They, like Hetfield's vocals, sound shallow. That tinny sound really gets on my nerves. I hope with the revitalization and time that they will develop into something better. The engineering on this album is the worst I have heard of any mainstay band. The topic of overly compressed dynamic range, etc. has been beat to death, so I will not go into detail here. You need just google it or go to the albums wikipedia page for a breakdown on the subject. The songs on this album came and went on our local radio stations. I want to say 'better luck next time guys', but I have been saying that since \\"ReLoad\\".
1416914293|5.0|This is one of my current favorite books. It is absolutely fabulous; beyond fabulous as the title indicates. I love the characters. I love the story. I love the style of writing the author uses. I love the twists and turns and I'm very antsy to hear the rest of the story when the next book comes out in a month or so.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|The kings of metal have reclaimed their place again.  Just when we thought rock was dead, Metallica have assembled this masterpiece to show us that our generation will still hear metal with substance and powerful rhythm. By all means, if you fancy such garbage as Nickelback, Jonas Brothers or Travis Barker's disgusting version of \\"Crank That\\", do not bother yourself.  Do not buy this album.  Even if you are going to say that Metallica is trying to sound like they did in the Black Album or Justice for All, please don't.  Metallica have reinvented themselves by going back to the basics and blending their sound with new dynamic riffs and ever powerful drum breaks.  It is true, this album is no Kill Them All, but it will certainly have you rocking.
B00005JPUN|4.0|I am a huge fan of the 1978 version of the Bodysnatcher \\"series\\" and also liked 1994's offering (I expected it to be pure muck but it was the only action movie left in the store I hadn't seen at the time). I heard all the bad reviews about this before I watched it and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. The claustrophobic atmosphere was created very well.. the subtle hints building to the point which is the scariest of all.. when the aliens needn't bother with stealth any more - that's when you know we're in trouble for sure!   BUT (isn't there always a but!) the film was too short. It didn't give enough time to keep the suspense going. But that's not a major detractor. What is a major detractor is the hollywood happy ending. Please please please can someone involved with this project get the director's/alternaive ending/collector's/blah blah version out there with a different ending! I'll buy it straight away! It was the only thing to mar an otherwise suspensful, well directed movie with acting which was far better than I expected. Overall a slick production and worth buying if you get it cheap.
B000AMJDHY|5.0|I caught this group on TV and was surprised that they actually perform to music.  Not a fan of the new sounds and had thought that the world had dropped melody from the Top 10 hits.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that this group knows how to seduce a listener who isn't ready to give up on radio.  Will definetly follow this group's career and hope they keep making music that old folks won't run screaming from.  It is obvious that these musicians have what it takes to outlive me and still stay on top of the chart for a while.
1591391105|4.0|This is a well written guide with a quite a few useful tips.  It is well worth the purchase price.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Finally! Metallica gets back to their roots and delivers a solid thrash metal CD! Reminiscent of _And Justice for All_, this is a solid slab of classic thrash metal. By far the best album they have put out since those glory days. Production is excellent although there appears to be some strange distortion here and there. More technical than recent releases, they've opted for a more planned compositional structure rather than the noodling that riddled theire more recent works. This CD has a lot of technical arrangements where various parts meld into others -- in most cases it works well -- in others it sounds like they came up with several ideas and rolled the dice when figuring how to transition from part to part.     In any case, this is surprisingly good. Having been a Metallica fan from my high school days with _Kill Em All_, I am thrilled to see them deliver this release.    Highly recommended.    Kevin
B000063V8R|4.0|The core of Next Generation - the period that makes most fans sigh with nostalgia - surely has to be seasons 3 through 6.  The first two seasons were full of growing pains, while the seventh was somewhat underwhelming due to producers and writers shifting their focus elsewhere.    Season 3 is generally remembered for three fan favorite episodes - \\"Deja Q\\", \\"Yesterday's Enterprise\\" and part 1 of \\"The Best of Both Worlds.\\"  But I think what is remarkable is that there are almost no bad episodes - the only read duds are \\"The Price\\" and \\"Menage a Troi\\".  Instead, you get a mix that's split about 50-50 between episodes that you'd characterize as very good or better, and episodes that are solid, watchable but unremarkable.  That's different from season 5, where the quality dispersion is much wider.    Besides the fan favorites, there are two remarkable episodes I would like to single out as personal favorites - the classic military thriller \\"The Defector\\" and the wonderful \\"The Offspring\\".  I would put those up against any other episode in the series.    The series would peak with season 4, but this one is not that far behind.
B000KC8O3S|5.0|I like this CD even more than I like the music for season 3 of Doctor Who...and that's saying something!  The different themes are in turn lovely, exciting and so memorable.  I especially like the two sung pieces, which must have been written especially for the show; they are so perfect for Rose and the Doctor!  I wish I could find more CDs of music by these talented composers.  Sincerely, jane
B00004WEJZ|5.0|Wonderful comeback for Connery.  His wit and humor are above that in any of his older Bond movies.
0452289963|5.0|Eckhart and OPRAH for bringing all this knowledge to the public.<br />I maintain and work on my NOW in life every day. Thank you, [...]
B000002JAX|5.0|The wonderful first album from Madeleine Peyroux, a jazz singer whose music and voice sound somewhat like Billie Holiday. This is very well-recorded and engaging music. Her two subsequent albums are also good. I like this for dinner parties, in the car and on long, sunny summer weekends (which we're currently experiencing).
B0007MAO0M|5.0|I saw it in the theater when it first came out.  When they aired it on TV, I taped it with my VCR.  We've been watching that tape a zillion times until recently getting the DVD at WalMart.  It's still a family favorite.  Great lines.  Not boring.  I guess it's a good movie for those of us that are more choosy and don't watch rated R movies all the time.  We are more easily entertained, and our kids aren't allowed to watch all the \\"junk\\" nowadays.  Oh how I wished for a sequel.  Is there any way?...but then again, it would probably be full of Hollywood junk.  Never mind!  We'll stick with this one!    Update:  our family watches this and certain other movies using the Clearplay machine.  It is great for editing out cussing, etc.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|This is a good album. I'm almost tempted to say great. They are returning to their roots in many ways, but they are also able to get very creative in terms of transitions and reintroducing Kirk's lead/solos. However, there are some problems both creatively and in terms of quality which do not tarnish my opinion of the band and their music, but do make this new release a touch disappointing.    In terms of the songs, I feel like many of them were extended for the sake of being extended. I understand that they want to move away from their \\"radio-friendly\\" image, and I get that. But the intros to some of these songs were incredibly long, and it just felt as if they were stretched a little too thin. If they had been a touch more concise, it would really improve the quality of these songs. Lastly, Hetfield's lyrics need a little work. There are just some moments when it makes me cringe. Not that I expect poetry, but some of his lines are just flat out cheesy.    Related to the length of these songs is the awful production quality of this album. I am not an audiophile by any means, so when I first put this album into my car stereo on the way home from buying it on Friday, I couldn't understand why I was getting such a headache. I kept wanting to turn it up, but I really couldn't bring myself to do it (I'm 24 by the way, so I can't attribute it to age).     Anyway, after looking through some reviews to see what other people thought of this album, I stumbled upon people talking about the \\"loudness wars.\\" I took the time to look into this, and it is a perfectly valid point! I listed to something like Master of Puppets and, without changing any of the volume settings, listened to Death Magnetic, and I noticed a clear difference! Master of Puppets has, without a doubt, a much better sound, even though it is over 20 years older than this album. I really focused on the Death Magnetic songs, and I noticed that I was getting the headache because all of the instruments are uniformly loud--the drums are not distinct from the guitar, and the vocals are drowned out in the noise.    Now, don't get me wrong--I do plenty of headbanging. I listen to my music LOUD. But you should be able to listen to music loudly without making your ears bleed. Overall, this is a good album, which is why I gave it four stars. However, some of the creative and quality aspects detracted from it enough to sacrifice the fifth star. I am glad to see that they are back in full form and ready to produce better music in the years to come!
0670020745|5.0|As someone who has had a mild stroke, I was interested in reading about it from a neuroscience angle.  The author has recreated her stroke in amazing and understandable detail.  Her recovery speaks to what people who are recovering from stoke need. The description of the absence of her left brain was very much like the message of A New Earth from a scientific perspective.  An intriguing read for anyone.
B0018CWEZ8|4.0|I've been a huge fan of Lost since the beginning. Sadly I was disappointed in both Season Two and Three, however, Season Four was a complete turn around for the show and I can safely say it is almost as good as the first season. I highly recommend this as a must have to any Lost fan. If you've been looking for answers, this season starts the journey to getting them.<br /><br />Also, for anyone complaining about the cost, look at it this way: a 2-hr movie on Blu-Ray goes for around $30. Season Four of Lost is 10+ hours. So the film is $15 an hour and Lost is roughly $7 an hour. Stop your whining. If you don't like the cost, don't buy it.
B000YAA68C|5.0|I do not get to see my daugther very much since she is away at college.  When \\"P.S. I Love You\\" was released last Dec. 2007, I was able to see it with her when it was released in the theatres.  It was a wonderful movie to watch with your grown daughter and Kathy Bates as the mother was fabulous.  We both walked away from the movie emotionally drained but I believe my daughter felt a little different towards me after the experience of watching P.S. with me.  The DVD version of P.S. was released shortly before my daughter's B-Day and I was able to order it from Amazon and have it shipped directly to her apt. in Columbus, OH.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone, BUT especially to all mothers with grown daughters to watch it together.  They will see exactly what I mean at the ending.  This is a movie NOT TO MISS and can be seen several times and should end up as a timeless classic.
B000FA57US|5.0|Love it that the saga continues! It was great quality, you would never know that it was made so long ago. Shipped fast.
B0000C2IQD|5.0|What can I say...Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a must have DVD. The special edition is full of wonderful color and extras.
B00005JPO1|1.0|I loved the old movies, and thought i would love the new one. I was wrong.  It is nothing like the old movies, like some other people have said-no plot, indi did no exploring, and just lift a bad taste in my mouth.  *spoilers* One part he shoots his gun and the natives run in fear to never be sean again, another ants come to their rescue-Yes F****** ants.  Finally the end of it is alians. not some old relic, not a historical object, ALIANS Grey Area 13 Alians.
0143038419|1.0|I hated this book after the author while sobbing in her bathroom yet again, announces that she knows she should think about having a child but when she gets her period is relieved that she gets to live, yes these are her words, live yet another month.  Please for the sake of soicety don't EVER have children!  This book made me mad to read, the author is a disgrace to women with her endless self absorbtion, whiny narrative and ugly disregard for the cultures she polluted by visiting looking for guess what?  Herself.  This book isn't worth the paper it was printed on and like others, I only read it because it is was a book club selection.  Godawful.
B00168ML1G|5.0|This is a great movie full of action and comedy (in the right spots not stupid/random funnny). I'd rate this in the top 10 movies I've seen, next to The new batman (one of the best) and the original Star Wars
B00003CWL6|5.0|Drama in which a middle-class suburban family begins to fall apart when husband and father Kevin Spacey starts going through a mid-life crisis, quitting his job as a magazine writer, befriending his teenage daughter Thora Birch's boyfriend Wes Bentley, starting to smoke marijuana and beginning an obsession with his daughter's best friend Mena Suvari, all in an attempt to dispel the deadness that he feels inside and regain the happiness that he feels that he has not had since he was a young man. Spacey's behaviour serves to further destabilise his already dysfunctional family in which his daughter despises him and his wife Annette Bening and him never have sex: now his wife runs into the arms of another man and his daughter progresses from despising him to being outright sickened by him because of his obvious sexual interest in her best friend. But Spacey doesn't care because he feels that his life was a sham anyway and the only way he can regain what he has lost is by letting go of all the lies and pretences and doing whatever will make him and him alone happy. This film is populated by largely tragic characters, all struggling to make sense of life and escape the despair and bleakness that seems to them to be all that there is. Spacey is reliable as the voice of the movie and the main protagonist going through the mid-life crisis who moves from sympathetic to unsympathetic to sympathetic through the course of the movie. Thora Birch is excellent as Spacey's teenage daughter who feels that she is a misfit and forms a relationship with troubled boy next door and drug dealer Wes Bentley, who has been inside a mental institution and has an unsettling habit of filming people on his camcorder when they don't know he is watching. Annette Bening is on form as Spacey's desperately unhappy estate agent wife whose primary concern is putting on a faade of marital and domestic bliss for the world to see to hide the fact that her family and marriage are falling apart. Mena Suvari puts in a favourable performance as Birch's insecure best friend who derives her self-esteem from the fact that men find her sexually attractive but is secretly afraid that she is nothing special and hence will never gain the adulation that she craves. Finally Chris Cooper is good in a supporting role as Birch's boyfriend Bentley's violent and homophobic father. This film, although largely bleak in tone and quite disturbing at times, is poignant and has a profound message about the importance of seeing beauty in life, which director Sam Mendes symbolises throughout the film with red petals from the American Beauty rose (from which the film takes its name). With a number of revelations and a shocking final twist, this is one of the best films I have ever seen, and easily deserves the Oscars that it won. An outstanding accomplishment.ri puts in a favourable performance as Birch's insecure best friend who derives her self-esteem from the fact that men find her sexually attractive but is secretly afraid that she is nothing special and hence will never gain the adulation that she craves. Finally Chris Cooper is good in a supporting role as Birch's boyfriend Bentley's violent and homophobic father. This film, although largely bleak in tone and quite disturbing at times, is poignant and has a profound message about the importance of seeing beauty in life, which director Sam Mendes symbolises throughout the film with red petals from the American Beauty rose (from which the film takes its name). With a number of revelations and a shocking final twist, this is one of the best films I have ever seen, and easily deserves the Oscars that it won. An outstanding accomplishment.
1416562591|3.0|I enjoyed this tale of clashing cultures in India, the lower caste beggars of Sikar and the newly wealthy entrepreneurs in Bangalore.  The car driver narrator is quite a colorful fellow, with his ruminations on life, politics, corruption, justice, fairness and revenge.  His tale is illuminated by many memorable turns of phrase and eye-opening naive observations, and his utter lack of remorse is exciting.<br /><br />Yet at the same time the novel is far from perfect.  The conceit of framing the novel as a letter to the Premier of China is clunky and unhelpful.  The point-of-view of the narrator keeps shifting, from naive to worldly as if the author couldn't quite commit to his voice.  The action in the novel, as other reviewers have pointed out, is all shoehorned into the last 40 pages.  Finally, the overall arc of the book contains no message that I could discern, but simply tells a story without a moral.<br /><br />In short, \\"The White Tiger\\" is one of those books that you enjoy reading but not enough to recommend to others.
B00005JMJG|2.0|Of the two other Charlie Kaufman scripts, both are better than this one. Those being \\"Being John Malkovich\\" and \\"Adaptation.\\" The frenetic style is wearing on the viewer here. You admire the film-making of the memory erasure sequences, but you don't watch it wide-eyed, or particularly involved. I didn't fully understand some of the concept until I watched the extra \\"Making of,\\" never a good sign for a movie if it needs explanation. The \\"plot\\" runs thin too soon. The best moments are when the assistants run amok and get high during the night of Jim Carrey's big mind erase. It's mildly funny. And Kaufman's trademark voice-over by the main character mouthing his racing thoughts is its usual fun self. Worth watching, but don't expect to be hugely entertained.
B000MTPAHW|1.0|I have ordered this movie twice and neither DVD I received, works !!They will not play, I've even taken them to an Electronics store - no go. I have spoken to Amazon.Com and they assured me they will take the item off the Internet and refund my money. I was told to watch for the Movie again and when I see it, to go ahead and order it. So I ordered it for the third time yesterday ....... will this one work AMAZON.COM ?????    Steve H -CANADA
B000B8IA2G|4.0|as a stargate fan from the original movie to the sg-1 series and now Atlantis I highly recommend this series to any sci-fi lover out there.
B000X5SPBI|3.0|If you're looking at Season 3, I think it's safe to know you have a good idea about what the show is about, so I shouldn't have to reiterate that.    Since the show started, I've been singing praises that Supernatural was one of the best shows on television.  It was smart, refreshing, organic, and unpretentious.  I was so impressed with it the last two years, I didn't even feel the need to write a review for the Season 2 DVD set, because there was nothing more I could add from what I wrote in my Season 1 review here on Amazon.    With that said, I'm sad to report we have some definite problems with Season 3 that absolutely have to be fixed, and I'll do my best to articulate what they are:    I.  Interference and Mishandling:    The most conspicuous thing I noticed in Season 3 was a case of too many cooks in the kitchen interfering with the direction of the show.  For two years we had a relatively stable direction as to how the show was run mechanically.  But this season brought in some noticeable creative changes that impacted the mission statement.  Not to mention many of the stabilizing factors from the first two years were seemingly minimized or removed in order to try new things that didn't inherently work with how the show was initially set up.      Previously the show was about two \\"blue collar\\" brothers with a cool vintage muscle car, on a road trip hunting down supernatural elements while listening to classic rock.   Simple, but wonderfully effective for setting a unique and new mood for television.  Unfortunately that tried and true formula was switched to focus on a much demon-centric arc, and with that came changes that I feel hurt the show:    The classic rock was drastically cut from the season's soundtrack, too much horror was offset by comedy, the iconic Impala was relegated to a mere prop, and it felt as if the quintessential \\"guy stuff\\" was removed or lessened because CW's Dawn Ostroff wanted more estrogen added into the mix to make it more viewer friendly for female viewers.  This isn't \\"Gossip Girl\\", and we didn't need to make Supernatural more like that with the risk of alienating the core audience that carried the show for the last three years.  I will also submit the female fans already knew the show rules and dynamic, so they didn't need fluff added in that just dumbed things down.    The addition of Bela and Ruby were also questionable moves.  On one hand I can understand it.  It brought in both eye candy and it gave a female perspective.  But on the other hand, this could be seen as more artificial character placement to appease network executives.    Bela Talbot (her name is a nice Easter egg) was a good choice because she was a foil for Sam and Dean, and she could be written in or written out of an episode as needed.  She was also fairly well developed, though I have to wonder if we would have seen more of her subversive antics towards the brothers had the Writer's Strike been averted.     Ruby was a different story.  Like Jo from Season 2, she didn't work.  She was a one dimensional, cardboard cut-out as far as character development was concerned.  It seemed like she was nothing more than pastiche of Buffy Summers and the standard CW network's hottie; a clone that could be found on any other CW show that had young, attractive bad girls complete with the same hair style and makeup.     From the onset of her absurd uber-macho introduction, to the season finale, she was essentially portrayed as nothing more than a shallow plot device; a dues ex machina more geared to progress the plot than to fill any genuine interactive roles with the Winchester brothers.      Again, perhaps there was more planned with her before the Writer's Strike cut short the season, but either way, nothing was really done with her in the time they did have.    II.  Poor Writing:    My next big gripe is the bad writing.  The beauty of Supernatural for the first two years was it generally took lesser known monsters, urban legends,and other spooky stuff, and put a unique spin on it.  The show would also introduce supernatural elements that were deliberately obscure, so if we didn't know about it from our own knowledge, we'd have to find out the details in real time with Sam and Dean.  This kept things fresh by giving us a good mix of investigation and action.    Unfortunately Season 3 throws much of that away by giving us some painfully formulaic episodes, and it falls back on tired and overused cliches that are found in every other horror medium.  Furthermore, they compound this by blatantly ripping off plots from other shows or movies; but justify the pseudo-plagiarism by acknowledging the original source material in-episode as if that clears them of unoriginal and lazy writing.      This is unacceptable.  When a plot is so predictable that the audience can call the ending halfway through, that's bad writing.  Why go two seasons giving us unique and new takes on supernatural elements, only to shamelessly rip off  \\"The Nightmare on Elm Street\\", \\"Dreamscape\\", \\"Groundhog Day\\", \\"The Fog\\", and a host of other shows?  Surely they couldn't possibly be out of ideas for new supernatural threats, could they?  If so, then it's time for a new stable of writers, because watered down, cliched, or stolen plots are not going to carry this show for another year.    III.  Threat Levels:    My third complaint is the seemingly incoherent categorization of supernatural threats.  What is the balance and/or hierarchy of the monsters that Sam and Dean face?  On one side you have the trickster god Loki; who is arguably the most powerful being in existence if he can manipulate reality to his will.    Next in line we get demons; who were the primary focus in Season 3, yet are arguably the most uninteresting and boring selection of all the possibilities the show can offer in terms of enemies.  And I'm sorry, but \\"black eyes\\" aren't scary.  Especially when it's used ad nauseam.    Finally we have the lowly stand alonemonster-of-the week.    It's fine to have an long term plot arc with a developed enemy, but the in-show demographics and the meta-mathematics of this formula seems to be unrealized or skewed. What are ghosts compared to lycanthropes?  What are demons compared to deities?  If legions of demons are the most organized group of monsters, where does every other creature type fit into this dynamic?  What is the food chain?  Why even deal with Hoodoo or magic if it's inferior to monsters?      Extremely powerful threats are cool, but you can't throw the Winchester brothers up against gods, then expect to have something \\"epic\\" with anything less.  That just kills the suspension of disbelief.     I'd rather see a \\"separate but equal\\" policy towards the supernatural entities.  That way all monsters are important and a credible threat.  Unfortunately by the way things are leaning, it's like ghosts and oddities are the bottom feeders and a waste of time, while demons are the top tier priorities.      I have no problem with demons, especially since they played a key role from the very first episode.  But if the writers are going to make them the primary focus of the show, ditch the \\"Supernatural\\" title and call it \\"Demonatural\\" instead...    Although my review was fairly critical of the negative aspects I saw, that's not to say there weren't any highlights.    The cast did a great job.  Padalecki and Ackles really expanded their acting scopes, and both of them managed to incorporate a broader range of emotions than what we've seen with them up until now.  They also solidified their on-screen personas so perfectly, I no longer see them as actors, but as Sam and Dean Winchester.    Jim Beaver is always a welcome face and he does an absolutely fantastic job.  His acting skills are so seamless, he easily demonstrates that his character of Bobby is not only a perfect surrogate father for the boys, but also a skilled and wily hunter who is smart enough to stay alive.  Even if an episode was subpar, it was always made better with Beaver's appearance.    I also want to mention Katie Cassity and Lauren Cohan (Ruby and Bela respectively) both did a good job in their roles.  As actresses, they accomplished their goals in a convincing manner.  They were not responsible for how they looked, dressed, or their attitudes.  That was decision making outside the show's fiction by the writers, and I already voiced my complaint about them.  But within the show's mythos, they were good choices to play those specific characters.  I just wished they had worked out better.    There were other strong points as to sound, production value, and action, but my gripes aside, they are the same things I praise in my Season 1 review, and I don't want to be redundant here by repeating them.    Overall I'd rate Season 3 a C-.  It had a couple great episodes, but most of the rest could have (and should have) been better.  It wasn't a total wash, but I expected more from a show that has already demonstrated innovation at raising the bar of horror.    Now the big question:  Is it worth it for you to dish out the cash on a DVD set that is marked the same price as the prior seasons (just with fewer episodes), and an aforementioned laundry list of complaints?  Honestly, that's a question you'll have to weigh yourself.      From my own standpoint, I bought the set because first and foremost I'm a Supernatural fan.  I love the show, I love the characters, and something new---even flawed, is better than nothing.  I wanted to have it in my DVD library to maintain the story and continuity, and I also wanted to support the show financially since I'm not yet ready to give up.  I'd like to think Season 3 was a temporary glitch, and Season 4 will fix the mistakes and be better than ever.      And for these reasons, Season 3 still has value.  At least to me.
B0017XOF5A|5.0|This movie is great.  It ties up some loose ends, and was very well made.  Good sound, good video, good acting.<br /><br />I highly recommend it for anyone who likes Stargate SG1.
B000SEIK2S|5.0|If you enjoy sci-fi, then you must get this book. It offers realistic, likeable characters who you can easily idenfity with. The book is a believable, very fun adventure/dream to get lost in. I will forever hope and dream for an end adventure like this with my own life. I just have to come up with a way to create that skip drive first.
B000V63AVY|5.0|Actually, I ran across my dusty \\"Breakfast in America\\" album recently.  Ordered a new Grado cartridge for my Technics turntable and ripped it to MP3.  But nothing beats the original analog recording with all the pops and cracks of dirty vinyl.  Nothing missing from the originals....and no download or CD compares.       I LOVE WITH VINYL AGAIN!
B0017ASV1C|3.0|Righteous Kill is only the second pairing of two of cinema's greatest actors - Robert De Niro and Al Pacino. Their first on-screen collaboration, only featured them together in a couple of scenes, and left the public wanting more.<br /><br />Righteous Kill has them playing NYC detective partners who've been on the job for 30 years. A serial killer start killing criminals who gotten off on technicalities. Soon, all the evidence points to the killer being a cop. And the cop would seem to be De Niro's character, Turk, a rough-edged type who isn't above falsifying evidence to convict suspects. He's balanced out by Pacino's Rooster, a calm, soothing influence on Turk in a relationship that seems as much like a marriage as it does a professional partnership. Added to the mix are John Leguizamo and Donnie Wahlberg as younger cops investigating the killings and Carlo Gugino as a forensic specialist in a relationship with DeNiro.<br /><br />The movie works well as a police drama, less so as a mystery, although the solution of the killings does take some interesting turns. If two lesser actors were playing Turk and Rooster, the film might have been touted as asking interesting questions about the nature of friendships, partnerships, and romantic relationship amid all the stresses and strains of police work. But with De Niro and Pacino in tow, the viewer expects more, and doesn't necessarily get it with this film.<br /><br />However, the two greats still know how to pull off great performance, and know how to elicit sympathy, affection, and every other possible emotion from an audience. Righteous Kill isn't a complete misfire, but might require a third teaming of these great actors.
044661758X|5.0|In the first novel of the series (\\"The Black Echo\\"), reference was made to the shooting that got Harry Bosch disciplined within the department.  Now it is four years later.  The police department is being sued for alleged violations of the suspect's civil rights.  As the trial progresses, you learn a little more about Harry's past, and a lot more about the four-year-old case.<br /><br />This is a novel about serial killers.  It is not overly graphic, but you do learn a lot along the way about the porn trade in Los Angeles, the seamier side of life, and the black heart hidden inside some people who appear externally normal.  It is a well written novel with some surprises.
B0017MO10U|5.0|I've enjoyed the Stargate franchise from the original movie through both TV series.  I was a little disappointed with the series finale on TV, but this video makes up for it.  It is well worth the time and money for any Stargate fan.  The production values are much much better than what we see on TV.
B000099T2L|5.0|At the time, many artists were making their way to stardom in the R&B genre. But, Beyonce proves that she makes a variety of songs, not just for variety, but because she really is gifted in any genre. Crazy In Love features her boyfriend Jay-Z and was the biggest cut on here. Naughty Girl is exactly what the title says, on top of trance-driven violins. Baby Boy has Sean Paul in it, making it a dancehall classic, what with the beat and Sean Paul's appearances. Hip Hop Star has a very hard-hitting beat. Be With You is where the balladry of Dangerously In Love begins, and Beyonce's vocals trickle slowly throughout, like water. Me, Myself And I is a woman's pride song, and songs of the like make Destiny's Child (the group Beyonce is the leader of) famous. Yes is a very serene, calming song, with a complicated love story. Signs is an interesting way to express how Beyonce wonders what sign she should date, with some help from Missy Elliott. Speechless is a very romantic down-tempo number. That's How You Like It is a typical love song, once again Beyonce collaborated with Jay-Z. The Closer I Get to You is a very classy song. Dangerously In Love 2 (2, because Destiny's Child had this song on Survivor in prior years) was the most powerful song on here to me, where Beyonce carries out the most deep thoughts of the whole album. Gift from Virgo is a wonderful song, it's simplicity is what makes it outstanding. Daddy is where Beyonce thanks her father, who has managed her career all these years, and she owes a lot to him, making this song a great closing.
0385474547|4.0|This is a transcendant book about the culture, mores, and primitively beautiful ways of a place and people most of us will never get a chance to experience first-hand. The prose is terse and close, but worlds of emotion -- agony, love and surprise -- shine through at every turn. Above all, perhaps, the story is wildly interesting.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|To most people Robert Johnson's legacy will live on forever.  But with Eric Clapton taking ahold of these songs he has pushed Johnsons's legacy even further. I had goose bumbs from the first song to the last.
0307165485|5.0|This was one of my favourite books as a child - I can remember spending hours pouring over it, and I am convinced that it taught me how to read.  (I was reading at three and a half years old.)  The short stories are perfect for children with short attention spans, and the labelled diagrams give children to see the words that they are familiar with in print.  I have purchased several of these for my friends' children over the years and am glad to see that this book is still a favourite.
031606792X|5.0|An excellent book. Explained more about where the clan came from, their other \\"relatives\\" and friends. More about the clan from Italy that rules all of them, etc..... I just wish this hadn't been the last book. Would have liked to see what happened next....
B000VNMMPM|5.0|This a profound film - simple and at times painfully sad. Addresses  the humanity's predicament: everyone surreptitiously thinks themselves as great while human minds  are in fact petty, opportunistic, dis-empowered gambling machines. Andre is the Everyman.<br /><br />Besson makes a case for truth, love - and breathing - as instruments of divine providence. Truth and love can evoke passion for the divine, for life itself.<br /><br />A cool movie.
B0018S6YO4|2.0|I have the original Good Girl Gone Bad album by Rihanna. It was a pretty OK album, I constantly listened to it when I first bought it a while back. But then I got pretty sick of the repetitiveness of it. Some tracks, such as Shut Up and Drive, Question Existing, Push Up On Me, and Lemme Get That are the only ones that I would've downloaded, had I not bought the album. The rest of the album is just corny and annoying after a while. Then, she turned around and reissued the album, just when everyone was getting tired of Good Girl Gone Bad and when its singles were dying out. The \\"Reloaded\\" version isn't anything special. It includes 3 new songs: Take a Bow, Disturbia, and If I Never See Your Face Again (with Maroon 5). Take a Bow is just like any other cheesy attempt at a pop ballad commonly heard on the radio. Disturbia is the same, I swear I've heard songs just like it before. And Maroon 5 with Rihanna on If I Never See Your Face Again is just like water and electricity, it doesn't mix. If you really want to get this album, be warned because I think it sounded better in the store than in my stereo.
B00004U8P9|5.0|Love it, love it, love it.  One of my all-time favorite movies.  Just can't go wrong with Rocky Horror!
B00004VW35|3.0|I don't know that I love this whole album, but the song \\"Get Back to the Country\\" is perhaps the greatest hoe-down jam Neil did since Hawks and Doves. If you don't buy the album, do buy this song.
6305657947|4.0|Excellent movie.  It  has something for everyone.  Action, Sex, Suspence.  It was a great movie and enjoyed every minute of it.  I especially liked Rene Russo and Brosnan together.  They enteract very well in a movie.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Listening to the first track of the cd, I knew the cd would be a great album. It seems like every member of Metallica seems to have taken a huge step forward in musicianship. The melodic singing by james seems to actually sound like it belongs in a metal recoerd again. Kirk really shows why he is a great guitarist with ton of awesome riffs and solos. What really suprised me is that Lars actually sounds pretty good on this record....after AJFA it seems like he just got worse. Only bad part is that the bass is hard to hear throughout the whole cd.    I definately recommend buying this cd. Its a nice welcomed suprise.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Is it And Justice For All? no it's not, because it's Death Magnetic. AJFA has already been done and no need to do it exactly the same again.  But you can def tell they went back and relearned some of their old tricks.  Great album!!!!! the solos ROCK!
B000XTLUW0|5.0|Ever went to your favorite artist's concert and was disappointed to find out they don't sound well live as they do on CD? NOT IF MUSE IS YOUR FAVORITE! Those guys probably sound better live than they do on CD. 100% serious ... & this DVD proves it. Not only do they sound good live, but they're also entertaining!!! Watching this concert will definitely show how much energy they have, although unfortunately, some of the slower songs tend to get boring.    Songs I personally skip:  Soldiers Poem    Unintended      That's it!!!! If you're a Muse fan, you should definitely buy this!    The only bad thing I've got to say about this is the audio CD. Why in hell did they not include all songs from the concert? WHY?    That is all I've got to say for now. Maybe if I don't feel lazy sometime later I'll review the performances song by song.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Man have I been waiting a long time for this day.... This album is absolutely great!!! Not since I bought my first cassette of Master Of Puppets have I played a Metallica album nonstop since I bought it.    James has rediscovered his talent for playing rhythm guitar that could melt the strings at any given moment, Kirk is back to writing awe-inspiring solos that fly along at a blistering pace, and Lars kicked his garbage can drum set to the curb and is back to working over the double kick drum pedals with a vengeance.    The album takes on a lot of the sound of the ...And Justice For All album. Lightning-fast rhythm guitar lines pave the way for bone-crunching sound once they let loose. This album is a little more imaginative in the fact that they use different guitar tunings, unique time signature changes and I think that Hetfield finally found a good happy medium for his lyrical work.    The only complaint I have on this album is that it wasn't mixed all that great. It's mainly that Hetfield's vocals are way too prominent on a few of the songs. It's like you stop focusing on the music for a second and really realize how \\"studio\\" it sounds. It's a Rick Rubin album; I kind of expected some \\"overproduced\\" sound. Other than that, I absolutely love the album and I can't wait until they release their next one!!!
B000QBYEUK|5.0|I finished this book in 2 days. It is a must read for anyone. I definately have a richer appreciation for life. There is always someone, somewhere who has it tougher than we do.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|It's about time! I had given up all hope of them going back to their roots after St. Anger was released. Actually I feel a little disgusted with myself for not giving it much of a chance, but I couldn't get over that damn snare. But enough of that, they're back. Back I say! I've been listening to it since I got my grubby hands on it. It's just gotten better after each listen. After running through it more times than I could possibly care to count, I love it. In fact, I've broken my oath of not listening to my PMP while walking the streets. I can't put it down.     It feels so damn good to be listening to the way they ought to sound. The best part is that it sounds like they aren't caving in to the fan noise, it truly sounds genuine. I even don't mind the rather raw and clipped sound of it and the slightly post-black tone of Jaymz' rig. It gives it all a messy euphoria that's hard to stop listening to.     So far, I'd have to say the tracks I'm digging the most are All Nightmare Long, The Judas Kiss, and the first two. Bah, hell they're all good, even the \\"what the hell were you thinking when you named this\\" Unforgiven III has started winning me over.     I was seriously expecting to hate the damn album. In fact, I was bracing myself to write them off for good. I tried to hate it!! I just didn't think they would ever release anything that would make me want to give them any more room in my heart next to their work from the 80's. I now must pry the folds of my flesh open another quarter inch to fit this in there, because it belongs with the other 4 albums.     If this is how they're going out, they did it right. If they're just starting to dig a little deeper into the well and continue down this road, I can't wait for the next one. Bow down, sell your soul to me.. indeed...
B001BKXUOQ|4.0|It pains me to say it but, as much of a maggot I am I wasn't that impressed withj hte album. Hey, Don't get me wrong I think this album was a perfect blend of Iowa and the Subliminal Verses with the more grown up poltical lyrics and deep emotional (Stone Sour-esque) overtones to deep sadistic riff undertones like on \\"Sulfur\\". However I admit that some of the songs were a little lost in translation. Also I really hate that the lyric booklet is hard to read, so that is why the cd is a little lacking. I said my two cents all in all a great place for any new maggot to start so they can get introduced t oa great band and a great genre.
0895292211|4.0|Well, I really like the book and the theory, but I've tried it for months and don't feel any different. I find that most things I like produce some sort of positive effect on me after trying them for awhile.    Problem with this theory is you might have to live your whole life to see if it is valid.     Anyway, I'm giving up the regimen.
B0017OCII0|4.0|Usually I like to read a book before I see the movie, but this time it was the other way around.  I enjoyed both.  The book was interesting, but in a darker way.  The story is written in first person, alternating between Vianne Rocher and the priest of the village.  It is much more in depth about Vianne's past and present.  I missed the Count de Renoux character from the movie, for in the book that place is filled by the priest, who has a very dark side.  Some of my other favorite characters from the movie are also missing.  So all in all, it was a good book, but it made me want to see the movie again.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|At last, I thought I'd never live to see it or hear it, but METALLICA has finally awakened from their dismal 15-year slumber. Chalk up all releases from Load to St. Anger as one bad dream after another, though the cover songs on \\"Garage Inc.\\" were enjoyable. Rick Rubin, combined with Robert Trujillo, the return of their original logo, and a return to their roots make for a fantastic resurrection. \\"Death Magnetic\\" combines all of the best attributes of recent Metallica (of which there are very few) and all of the great qualities of their 80's heyday which we've all been salivating for since the conclusion of the \\"Justice Tour\\" in 1990. Simply put, \\"Death Magnetic\\" will attract you, stick to you, and refuse to let go. METALLICA LIVES!
B0017ASV1C|2.0|You'd think that for their first real movie together - if one discounts a single scene they shared in \\"Heat\\" and non-intersecting roles in \\"The Godfather Part II\\" - cinema icons Robert De Niro and Al Pacino could have found a more worthy vehicle than \\"Righteous Kill,\\" a run-of-the-mill, gimmicky thriller whose sole purpose for existence hinges on a turnabout ending that anyone with even half a brain cell or attention span can see coming a mile off.<br /><br />De Niro gets to play Travis Bickle with a badge as a 30-year veteran of the NYPD who turns to vigilantism after too many of the suspects he arrests get off on technicalities.  Pacino is De Niro's longtime partner who seems unaware of what his fellow officer is up to on his off hours.<br /><br />De Niro and Pacino are both pros enough not to embarrass themselves unduly during the course of the film, but they are hardly helped by an implausible screenplay (Russell Gewirtz) and claustrophobic direction (Jon Avnet), not to mention ugly photography and unflattering lighting that make them look even older and more haggard than they already are (do we really need this many tight close-ups of these former matinee idols at this late stage in their careers?).<br /><br />Carla Gugino, John Leguizamo and Donnie Wahlberg round out the movie's cast, but I doubt any of them will be highlighting \\"Righteous Kill\\" on their resumes when seeking future employment.
B00028HBKM|5.0|The absolute best movie about Jesus Christ, movie in general ever to be made. Hollywood and media fought tooth and nail to stop it.  The more hollywood and USA media tried the more popular it became. As a matter of fact, Passion of the Christ is the number 1 most watched movie in the history on cinema, and has grossed nearly 2, that's 2 Billion so far....  The Passion has sold more copies, than any other movie in the history of cinama. this grand and true statistic is edited out of the news, 99% of the time to discourage sales. it has only continued to sell at lightening speed to this day. Truth, honesty and objectivity sells forever, as Gibson's Mega-epic will.    See this incredible masterpiece and be moved beyond the limits of your mind to feel a lifting of your troubles, and a new and so welcomed sense of courage come into your soul and heart. i have to/I need to watch the Passion at least once a year to rejuvinate my soul.  See it for yourself.    Nothing you will ever watch in your life, will be as inordinately inspiring as Mel Gibson's \\"The Passion of the Christ.\\"
0385340990|5.0|Good books-- well written, good story line are hard to find.  This is one. This will be gifted to others.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|It's been a long time coming.  After the very controversial St. Anger (which I thought wasn't as bad an album that many people made it out to be), the Four Horsemen come back with an album that is very reminiscent of their days in the 80's.  Of the first four albums the band has put out, Death Magnetic reminds me of Justice (IMHO).  There are also traces of the Black Album and Load throughout the album.  Anyway, if you're looking for melody, long guitar solo's, shred guitar, and thrash and progressive metal, among other things, then look no further.  In particular, if you loved the first four albums, then look no further.  Metallica has finally returned to what they've always done best and what made them legendary in the first place. With Death Magnetic, not only have they returned (musically and stylistically speaking) but they've come full circle.<br /><br />One more thing, after listening to Death Magnetic several times, I'm so glad that Rick Rubin guided the band in creating this album!<br /><br />Guys, job well done!
0451196716|4.0|Every May, 100 teenage boys (all volunteers) are selected to participate in The Long Walk. The walk begins in Maine and continues without pause until only one walker remains; stopping for any reason incurs a warning, and at three warnings the walker is shot. Ray Garraty is a local participant and a favorite to win, and his long walk takes him through his past, into the reasons he and the other boys are walking, to the final step on the road. The Long Walk is all about concept, character, and motivation, and so is comprised primarily of an exploration of what the Long Walk is and what it entails, and an exploration of who Ray and his fellow walkers are and why they're participating. Unfortunately, the premise is never fully explained or justified, and so it feels artificial and the book is disappointing; the characterization, on the other hand, is exceptional. This book isn't quite as good as it could be, but it's intriguing nonetheless, with a chilling concept and wonderful characters. I recommend it.<br /><br />What drew me to this book was the concept: the endless, desolate road, the impossibly difficult journey, the death-wish of a hundred adolescent boys. That concept is as important as the protagonist (if not moreso), and much of the book's length goes to descriptions of the difficulty and perseverance of the long journey. King writes horror, of course, and he writes it well; The Long Walk is more distanced and psychological than much of his work, but his skills transfer smoothly and make the book consistently tense and chilling. Even when the deaths get monotonous (as they are wont to do when there are 99 of them), it only contributes to the unending, harrowing struggle down the road. Unfortunately, the book's concept is never adequately explored. King reveals more and more about how the Walk functions and how it affects both participants and spectators, but he never explains why it exists. Perhaps that's intentional--and the Long Walk does become a metaphor for living and dying in real life, which also lacks an explanation--but regardless, it makes the premise feel artificial and incomplete.<br /><br />Characters and motivations don't quite make up for this lack of explanation, but they are brilliantly realized. Ray, and his past; the friends he makes and the secondary characters who die along the way; what motivates each character and what eventually takes them to their death: King creates realistically detailed, individualized, compelling characters. Some back stories (primarily for Ray) and character traits (primarily for secondary characters) are over-simplified, but that's acceptable given the nuanced characterizations and character interactions (as well as the limitations of setting and plot) which do exist. The Long Walk did not quite live up to my expectations, and if there had been more reason and explanation behind the Walk itself, it would have been a better book. Nonetheless, it is a harrowing novel fueled by an intriguing concept and wonderful characters, and it's a pleasure to read. I recommend it.g and dying in real life, which also lacks an explanation--but regardless, it makes the premise feel artificial and incomplete.    Characters and motivations don't quite make up for this lack of explanation, but they are brilliantly realized. Ray, and his past; the friends he makes and the secondary characters who die along the way; what motivates each character and what eventually takes them to their death: King creates realistically detailed, individualized, compelling characters. Some back stories (primarily for Ray) and character traits (primarily for secondary characters) are over-simplified, but that's acceptable given the nuanced characterizations and character interactions (as well as the limitations of setting and plot) which do exist. The Long Walk did not quite live up to my expectations, and if there had been more reason and explanation behind the Walk itself, it would have been a better book. Nonetheless, it is a harrowing novel fueled by an intriguing concept and wonderful characters, and it's a pleasure to read. I recommend it.
159562015X|5.0|I had to read this book in conjunction with Marcus Buckingham's GO PUT YOUR STRENGTHS TO WORK for a leadership class at my univsersity. I took the on-line survey from StrengthsFinder, and the quiz identified 5 of my strengths. I can take this survey again, two more times, I believe. I found the strengths survey to be spot-on with me as a person. I strongly recommend using StrengthsFinder 2.0 if you're looking for a way to become a better leader and team member.
6305327084|4.0|Beautiful Girls is an ensemble comedy, with star power to burn. Hutton and Sorvino are both Oscar winners, while Dillon Thurman, and Portman have Oscar nominations. The title of this movie, Beautiful Girls, should clue you in to what it's about. It is a celebration of the beauty of women, but at the same time, it is also a cautionary tale about how men put Beauty on a pedestal that sometimes interferes with them making a commitment to a mature adult relationship with a real woman. In spite of the stellar cast and lofty premise, it probably went straight to DVD. I have no recollection of this movie being released theatrically. I thought that because of this it would be a big stinker, but it was actually quite good. I have a few theories about why it performed so poorly at the box office:<br /><br />It had a rather diffuse focus, since it featured a group of high school buddies still hanging out, trying to get married and settle down, but finding it hard to accept adult life. Tommy, Paul, and Willie (Matt Dillon, Michael Rappaport, and Timothy Hutton, respectively) are the main three protagonists, and each of these three has two female antagonists to antagonize them. So, the story has not one but three love triangles, and thus it is hard to fully focus your attention on any one of them. Furthermore, none of the stories take the most exciting story arc, where two star-crossed lovers defy the odds, choosing to be together in spite of the world's scorn. No, they choose the path of least resistance, the status quo. They settle for comfortable. So they didn't capture lightning in a bottle.<br /><br />On the other hand, there is a lot to like in this little movie that could. Great scenes, such as the sing-along 'Sweet Caroline' in the bar. High School Reunion retributions. Great locales in the snow drenched winter of Knight's Ridge. Beautiful Girls is chock full of blue ribbon dialogue. Even Paul, who wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, gets a grand soliloquy:<br /><br />------------------------------------<br />Paul: Supermodels are beautiful girls, Will. A beautiful girl can make you dizzy, like you've been drinking Jack and Coke all morning. She can make you feel high full of the single greatest commodity known to man - promise. Promise of a better day. Promise of a greater hope. Promise of a new tomorrow. This particular aura can be found in the gait of a beautiful girl. In her smile, in her soul, the way she makes every rotten little thing about life seem like it's going to be okay. The supermodels, Willy? That's all they are. Bottled promise. Scenes from a brand new day. Hope dancing in stiletto heels.<br />========================<br /><br />Willie is put off by Paul's infatuation with Beautiful Girls, i.e., Supermodels. His dog is named Elle McPherson. His room is a shrine, with high fashion photos of Supermodels tacked on every available surface. It gives him the Willies:<br /><br />------------------------------------<br />Willie Conway: I am now going to check your freezer for human heads.<br />========================<br /><br />Willie should talk, for he has issues of his own. Home from the road (he is a piano player, but he doubts his talent--and with good reason) he feels ambivalent about his fianc&eacute;, yet strangely attracted to a cute neighbor girl; but what could have been super creepy is only creepy, as the mutual attraction between the two is handled tastefully, and remains unrequited. His attraction is meant to be more about his own mid-life crisis, his inability to commit to a mature adult relationship, though it also provides some very insightful comments from Marty (Natalie Portman), who is portrayed as a most precocious young woman--an old soul wise beyond her years. From the mouths of babes:<br /><br />------------------------------------<br />Marty: If I'm not mistaken, you've come back here to the house of loneliness and tears, to Daddy Downer and Brother Bummer, to come to some sort of decision aboutlife, a life decision if you will.<br />========================<br /><br />There is a scene where Willie sees Marty ice skating. They awkwardly flirt, kind of joking as a defense until they determine that the attraction is mutual. Finally she says, again kind of joking--but serious on some level--that he could wait for five years for her. He declines, but in such a sweet way, comparing themselves to Christopher Robin and Winnie the Pooh, because in the end of the story, Christopher outgrew Pooh:<br /><br />------------------------------------<br />Willie Conway: I can't play Pooh to your Christopher Robin.<br />==================================<br /><br />In some ways Tommy (Matt Dillon) is the character most trapped by his past, when he was a legend in High School. His ex girlfriend Darian Smalls (Lauren Holly) is married now, with a little girl of her own, but she still clings to the past, when she was the hottest chick in school and Tommy was her boyfriend. Tommy is dating Sharon Cassidy (Mira Sorvino) now, and though she is perfect, he can't see it, because his high school sweetheart still has her claws in him deep.<br /><br />Sharon suffers like a fool for him, pouring her heart out to Gina (Rosie O'Donnell) in the hair salon. Sharon doesn't really have much to do here, considering that Mira Sorvino just won an Oscar for Mighty Aphrodite. Rosie O has a better part, and for a change was well cast in this role. In your face, with all the facts from a to z about men and their multifarious shortcomings. Her advice about Tommy is to just walk away. This is how she cheers her up about the break up:<br /><br />------------------------------------<br />Gina: At first, after the breakup, you'll have these visions. Of you alone, 57, 58, walking around, wearing a nightgown, your hair in a bun, maybe you're a librarian, heating up a can of soup for one, and worrying about the cobwebs that are growing in your womb.<br />==================================<br /><br />Uma Thurman is thrown into the mix for some reason (I mean, it was getting a little mundane, so Thurman was thrown in to give it a little bit of that Beautiful Girls magic that Paul spoke so eloquently about). Not that I'm complaining. Uma pours shots of whiskey like a pro, likes watching fights where hockey breaks out, is beautiful, and offers expert counsel. She goes 'out' with both Paul and Willie, and even encounters Tommy while walking after midnight. She, however, remains true to her love back home:<br /><br />------------------------------------<br />Tommy: Can I ask you a question?<br />Andera: Go ahead.<br />Tommy: How long have you been going out with your boyfriend?<br />Andera: Eight months.<br />Tommy: And it's good?<br />Andera: It's very good.<br />Tommy: He makes you happy?<br />Andera: Yeah. I look for that in a man you know. The ones that make me miserable don't seem to last.<br />Tommy: Right.<br />Andera: You know there are four words I need to hear before I go to sleep. Four little words. \\"Good night sweet girl.\\" That's all it takes. I'm easy, I know, but a guy who can muster up those four words is a guy I want to stay with.<br />==================================<br /><br />Ted Demme, the director, died of a heart attack while playing in a celebrity charity basketball game. An autopsy revealed cocaine. He was only 37. He might have gone on to be a genius director, but as it is he left us with a couple of promising films after Beautiful Girls. 'Blow' and 'A Decade Under the Influence', to be bitterly ironic.<br /><br />------------------------------------<br />Marty: It's a tragedy of Elizabethan proportions.<br />============================<br /><br />DIRECTED BY TED DEMME<br /><br />A Decade Under the Influence (2003)<br />[[ASIN:B00003CXWV Blow (Infinifilm Edition)]] (2001)<br /><br />MATT DILLON<br /><br />Factotum (2005) .... Hank Chinaski<br />[[ASIN:B000A3XY5A Crash (Widescreen Edition)]] (2004/I) .... Officer John Ryan<br />Singles (1992) .... Cliff Poncier<br />Drugstore Cowboy (1989) .... Bob<br /><br />TIMOTHY HUTTON<br /><br />The Falcon and the Snowman (1985) .... Christopher Boyce<br />[[ASIN:B000055ZFA Ordinary People]] (1980) .... Conrad Jarrett<br /><br />ROSIE O'DONNELL<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00005Y6YE Exit to Eden]] (1994) .... Sheila Kingston<br />The Flintstones (1994) .... Betty Rubble<br />Car 54, Where Are You? (1994) .... Lucille Toody<br />Fatal Instinct (1993) (uncredited) .... Woman in Bird Store<br />A League of Their Own (1992) .... Doris Murphy - 3rd Base<br /><br />MIRA SORVINO<br /><br />Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997) .... Romy White<br />[[ASIN:6305291470 Mighty Aphrodite]] (1995) .... Linda Ash<br /><br />UMA THURMAN<br /><br />My Super Ex-Girlfriend (2006) .... Jenny Johnson / G-Girl<br />The Producers (2005) .... Ulla<br />Prime (2005) .... Rafi Gardet<br />Be Cool (2005) .... Edie Athens<br />Kill Bill: Vol. 2 (2004) .... Beatrix Kiddo - The Bride, 'Black Mamba'<br />Paycheck (2003) .... Rachel<br />[[ASIN:B00068ULLY Kill Bill Vol. 1 & 2 (Box Set)]] (2003) .... The Bride<br />Chelsea Walls (2001) .... Grace<br />Tape (2001) .... Amy Randall<br />The Golden Bowl (2000) .... Charlotte Stant<br />Vatel (2000) .... Anne de Montausier<br />Sweet and Lowdown (1999) .... Blanche<br />The Avengers (1998) .... Emma Peel<br />Mis&eacute;rables, Les (1998) .... Fantine<br />Gattaca (1997) .... Irene Cassini<br />Batman & Robin (1997) .... Poison Ivy / Dr. Pamela Isley<br />The Truth About Cats & Dogs (1996) .... Noelle<br />Beautiful Girls (1996) .... Andera<br />A Month by the Lake (1995) .... Miss Beaumont<br />[[ASIN:1558908242 Pulp Fiction]] (1994) .... Mia Wallace<br />Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (1993) .... Sissy Hankshaw<br />Mad Dog and Glory (1993) .... Glory<br />Jennifer Eight (1992) .... Helena Robertson<br />Final Analysis (1992) .... Diana Baylor<br />[[ASIN:0783230559 Henry & June]] (1990) .... June Miller<br />Where the Heart Is (1990) .... Daphne McBain<br />Dangerous Liaisons (1988) .... C&eacute;cile de Volanges<br /><br />NATALIE PORTMAN<br /><br />New York, I Love You (2008) .... Rifka<br />The Other Boleyn Girl (2008) .... Anne Boleyn<br />Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium (2007) .... Molly Mahoney, the Composer<br />The Darjeeling Limited (2007) .... Jack's Ex-Girlfriend<br />Hotel Chevalier (2007) .... Jack's Girlfriend<br />My Blueberry Nights (2007) .... Leslie<br />Goya's Ghosts (2006) .... In&eacute;s/Alicia<br />Paris, je t'aime (2006) .... Francine (segment 'Faubourg Saint-Denis')<br />[[ASIN:B000FS9FCG V for Vendetta (Widescreen Edition)]] (2005) .... Evey<br />Free Zone (2005) .... Rebecca<br />Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (2005) .... Padm&eacute;<br />Domino One (2005) .... Dominique Bellamy<br />[[ASIN:B0007OCG4W Closer (Superbit Edition)]] (2004/I) .... Alice<br />True (2004) .... Francine<br />Garden State (2004) .... Sam<br />Cold Mountain (2003) .... Sara<br />Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones (2002) .... Senator Padm&eacute; Amidala<br />Where the Heart Is (2000) .... Novalee Nation<br />Anywhere But Here (1999) .... Ann August<br />Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999) .... Queen Padm&eacute; Amidala<br />Mars Attacks! (1996) .... Taffy Dale<br />Everyone Says I Love You (1996) .... Laura Dandridge<br />Beautiful Girls (1996) .... Marty<br />Heat (1995) .... Lauren Gustafsonat Beautiful Girls magic that Paul spoke so eloquently about). Not that I'm complaining. Uma pours shots of whiskey like a pro, likes watching fights where hockey breaks out, is beautiful, and offers expert counsel. She goes 'out' with both Paul and Willie, and even encounters Tommy while walking after midnight. She, however, remains true to her love back home:    ------------------------------------  Tommy: Can I ask you a question?   Andera: Go ahead.   Tommy: How long have you been going out with your boyfriend?   Andera: Eight months.   Tommy: And it's good?   Andera: It's very good.   Tommy: He makes you happy?   Andera: Yeah. I look for that in a man you know. The ones that make me miserable don't seem to last.   Tommy: Right.   Andera: You know there are four words I need to hear before I go to sleep. Four little words. \\"Good night sweet girl.\\" That's all it takes. I'm easy, I know, but a guy who can muster up those four words is a guy I want to stay with.  ==================================     Ted Demme, the director, died of a heart attack while playing in a celebrity charity basketball game. An autopsy revealed cocaine. He was only 37. He might have gone on to be a genius director, but as it is he left us with a couple of promising films after Beautiful Girls. 'Blow' and 'A Decade Under the Influence', to be bitterly ironic.    ------------------------------------  Marty: It's a tragedy of Elizabethan proportions.  ============================    DIRECTED BY TED DEMME    A Decade Under the Influence (2003)   [[ASIN:B00003CXWV Blow (Infinifilm Edition)]] (2001)    MATT DILLON    Factotum (2005) .... Hank Chinaski   [[ASIN:B000A3XY5A Crash (Widescreen Edition)]] (2004/I) .... Officer John Ryan   Singles (1992) .... Cliff Poncier  Drugstore Cowboy (1989) .... Bob    TIMOTHY HUTTON     The Falcon and the Snowman (1985) .... Christopher Boyce   [[ASIN:B000055ZFA Ordinary People]] (1980) .... Conrad Jarrett     ROSIE O'DONNELL    [[ASIN:B00005Y6YE Exit to Eden]] (1994) .... Sheila Kingston   The Flintstones (1994) .... Betty Rubble  Car 54, Where Are You? (1994) .... Lucille Toody   Fatal Instinct (1993) (uncredited) .... Woman in Bird Store   A League of Their Own (1992) .... Doris Murphy - 3rd Base     MIRA SORVINO    Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997) .... Romy White   [[ASIN:6305291470 Mighty Aphrodite]] (1995) .... Linda Ash     UMA THURMAN    My Super Ex-Girlfriend (2006) .... Jenny Johnson / G-Girl   The Producers (2005) .... Ulla   Prime (2005) .... Rafi Gardet   Be Cool (2005) .... Edie Athens   Kill Bill: Vol. 2 (2004) .... Beatrix Kiddo - The Bride, 'Black Mamba'  Paycheck (2003) .... Rachel   [[ASIN:B00068ULLY Kill Bill Vol. 1 & 2 (Box Set)]] (2003) .... The Bride  Chelsea Walls (2001) .... Grace  Tape (2001) .... Amy Randall   The Golden Bowl (2000) .... Charlotte Stant  Vatel (2000) .... Anne de Montausier  Sweet and Lowdown (1999) .... Blanche   The Avengers (1998) .... Emma Peel   Misrables, Les (1998) .... Fantine  Gattaca (1997) .... Irene Cassini   Batman & Robin (1997) .... Poison Ivy / Dr. Pamela Isley  The Truth About Cats & Dogs (1996) .... Noelle   Beautiful Girls (1996) .... Andera   A Month by the Lake (1995) .... Miss Beaumont   [[ASIN:1558908242 Pulp Fiction]] (1994) .... Mia Wallace   Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (1993) .... Sissy Hankshaw   Mad Dog and Glory (1993) .... Glory   Jennifer Eight (1992) .... Helena Robertson  Final Analysis (1992) .... Diana Baylor  [[ASIN:0783230559 Henry & June]] (1990) .... June Miller   Where the Heart Is (1990) .... Daphne McBain   Dangerous Liaisons (1988) .... Ccile de Volanges     NATALIE PORTMAN    New York, I Love You (2008) .... Rifka  The Other Boleyn Girl (2008) .... Anne Boleyn   Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium (2007) .... Molly Mahoney, the Composer   The Darjeeling Limited (2007) .... Jack's Ex-Girlfriend   Hotel Chevalier (2007) .... Jack's Girlfriend   My Blueberry Nights (2007) .... Leslie  Goya's Ghosts (2006) .... Ins/Alicia  Paris, je t'aime (2006) .... Francine (segment 'Faubourg Saint-Denis')  [[ASIN:B000FS9FCG V for Vendetta (Widescreen Edition)]] (2005) .... Evey  Free Zone (2005) .... Rebecca  Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (2005) .... Padm  Domino One (2005) .... Dominique Bellamy  [[ASIN:B0007OCG4W Closer (Superbit Edition)]] (2004/I) .... Alice   True (2004) .... Francine   Garden State (2004) .... Sam   Cold Mountain (2003) .... Sara   Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones (2002) .... Senator Padm Amidala  Where the Heart Is (2000) .... Novalee Nation  Anywhere But Here (1999) .... Ann August   Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999) .... Queen Padm Amidala  Mars Attacks! (1996) .... Taffy Dale   Everyone Says I Love You (1996) .... Laura Dandridge   Beautiful Girls (1996) .... Marty   Heat (1995) .... Lauren Gustafson
B00192KCQ0|1.0|Apparently Amazon didn't find it necessary to accept my 1 star review of this trainwreck. My review had nothing whatsoever that was against Amazon policy, yet it wasn't accepted. Which only leaves me to wonder how many other 1 star reviews haven't made it through.     I'm going to say exactly what I said on my other review. This album had myriads of potential. This album, was murdered. Murdered by someone sitting in front of a sound board. Plain and simple: this is one of the most poorly mastered albums ever put out by a mainstream rock band.    A direct quote from Metallicas head engineer will confirm this;    \\"I'm certainly sympathetic to your reaction, I get to slam my head against that brick wall every day. In this case the mixes were already brick walled before they arrived at my place. Suffice it to say I would never be pushed to overdrive things as far as they are here. Believe me I'm not proud to be associated with this one, and we can only hope that some good will come from this in some form of backlash against volume above all else.\\"     If you don't find anything wrong with this album, you are simply a sheep to the music industry. Sound quality IS important.
0316067598|5.0|2008-09-14
B000YABIQ6|5.0|Wow, this series just took my breath away. It is a deeply thoughtful re-creation of America in 1960, as seen through the lives of the people at a fictional ad agency in New York City. This is a period of time that has rarely been explored in modern cinema.<br /><br />I was a small child in the 1960s, but I still have vivid memories of that time.  America in 1960 was right at the cusp of sweeping social change. In 1964, LBJ passed the landmark Civil Rights Act; in 1965 he escalated the war in Vietnam.  In 1968, assassinations, riots, the Tet offensive, the sexual revolution, the rise of youth power (from what later became known as the baby boomers), and the election of Richard Nixon as President would start a long period that would  completely re-make American society.<br /><br />We are indeed a much different society today than in 1960, but the true genius of \\"Mad Men\\" is that there is a much deeper layer to the way the series underscores the differences between then and now.<br /><br />I remember the sharply defined gender roles, the men going to work wearing formal suits and ties, the women and their pointy bras, the incessant cigarette smoking (I hated cigarette smoke then and still do), the frequent presence of hard liquor (the style of new American houses of that era included built-in mini-bars for hard liquor and mixed drinks), and the casual racism (I remember seeing a \\"whites only\\" public drinking fountain for the first time as a child, and asking my mother what that was all about). Homosexuality was something almost unheard of, and definitely not discussed in polite company. Government sponsored warnings were about marijuana and unbecoming dating habits, not about cigarettes, alcohol, or the dangers of large plastic bags.<br /><br />All of these aspects of 1960s culture are strikingly featured in \\"Mad Men\\".<br /><br />The characters in \\"Mad Men\\" move about in realistic 1960s fashion - all men smoked back then, because they picked up the habit while in the armed forces, which gave out cigarettes in the ration packs. Married men screwed around regularly in secret, illegitimate children were conveniently packed off for adoption (as a child, in school, it was common to find schoolmates who were adopted), and the wives kept silent and divorces were far fewer than they are now. A gay character in the series has an encounter but has to closet his feelings.<br /><br />We think we are so much smarter and better now than we were in 1960. In this time of Barack Obama, we are talking about a post-racist American society. We have sex education, we have birth control, we have legalized abortion, we have Mothers Against Drunk Driving and police sobriety checkpoints (Roger Sterling would surely have lost his driver's license in today's world), and in case that fails, we have air bags inside the cars. We have smoke-free airplanes, homes, restaurants, hospitals, etc. Smokers are treated like lepers (yea!). Women are empowered, we have Title IX, we have mandatory sexual harassment training in the corporate workplace, we have community property for marriages.<br /><br />But are we really so much better off today than we were in 1960? By some health standards we are. Average life spans have increased. Traffic fatalities per mile driven were far, far higher back then than they are now. Men used to just keel over and die from a \\"coronary\\" when only in their 50's and 60's. That rarely happens anymore.<br /><br />Racism has in fact not gone away, only changed in the details. Poor African-Americans in the cities have gone from being openly repressed to being incarcerated. And even though Hollywood now has black actors in every single movie or TV show (one suspects a quota system), many other minorities are still underrepresented. Muslims and Arabs are now the Negroes of the entertainment industry, portrayed only in stereotypical blackface.<br /><br />And as unrealistic as the ideal nuclear family in 1960 may seem to us now, it was very real for the children of that time. I do remember that children were much better off then. We children played freely in the streets and backyards without parental supervision. Children usually had two parents, not one. Most children had stay-at-home moms. Parents had definite roles, parents were around, parents did not just break up and disappear as they do so often now.<br /><br />Today, divorces have skyrocketed, we have children completely unmonitored by either parent because both are working or absent, and the large numbers of children born out of wedlock are no longer given up for adoption to families able to take care of them. Instead it has become the norm for single mothers to try to raise children themselves, often with terrible results for both mother and child. The numbers are huge. One out of three children are now born out of wedlock, two out of three in the African-American community. Women, having become empowered in the workplace, did not at the same time also gain the super powers needed to raise children alone; many men certainly saw this empowerment thing as an opportunity to skip out on their responsibilities as fathers.<br /><br />Even cigarette and alcohol abuse have not been tamed so much as replaced by the worse problems of marijuana and cocaine.<br /><br />The year 1960 was a special and yet transient moment in time for American society, the last moments of a pre-pubescent America, still the nave superpower of the post-WWII era, before it began the long, agonizing transformation into the confused, liberated, legalistic, and moralistic America of today.  This was a young, earnest, idealistic America that was on top of the world, one that thought it could do no wrong, thought it had the answers for everything.<br /><br />And so finally, at the end of this brilliant first season DVD of \\"Mad Men\\", when we look deeper into what it really tells us, we see that what it says is, my goodness, how we have changed!  But have we changed all that much for the better?much better off then. We children played freely in the streets and backyards without parental supervision. Children usually had two parents, not one. Most children had stay-at-home moms. Parents had definite roles, parents were around, parents did not just break up and disappear as they do so often now.     Today, divorces have skyrocketed, we have children completely unmonitored by either parent because both are working or absent, and the large numbers of children born out of wedlock are no longer given up for adoption to families able to take care of them. Instead it has become the norm for single mothers to try to raise children themselves, often with terrible results for both mother and child. The numbers are huge. One out of three children are now born out of wedlock, two out of three in the African-American community. Women, having become empowered in the workplace, did not at the same time also gain the super powers needed to raise children alone; many men certainly saw this empowerment thing as an opportunity to skip out on their responsibilities as fathers.     Even cigarette and alcohol abuse have not been tamed so much as replaced by the worse problems of marijuana and cocaine.     The year 1960 was a special and yet transient moment in time for American society, the last moments of a pre-pubescent America, still the nave superpower of the post-WWII era, before it began the long, agonizing transformation into the confused, liberated, legalistic, and moralistic America of today.  This was a young, earnest, idealistic America that was on top of the world, one that thought it could do no wrong, thought it had the answers for everything.     And so finally, at the end of this brilliant first season DVD of \\"Mad Men\\", when we look deeper into what it really tells us, we see that what it says is, my goodness, how we have changed!  But have we changed all that much for the better?
B000SEIK2S|5.0|I bought this book for my Kindle reading.  It is one of the best books one can read.  Purchasing this book will not disapoint you.
0618526412|2.0|It took me two months and forty-eight hours of nonstop raining to finish this \\"classic\\" set in the Deep South during the 1930s.  Key characters in the novel are all struggling with embracing and understanding what makes them different from the status quo. These characters also spend a fair amount of time pondering the human condition during a time when race relations in America appear to mirror ethnic relations in Hitler's Germany.  The novel is quite dense and for me probably one of the slowest reads I've encountered in a while.  I'm sure the story was quite powerful when it was originally published in 1940 but I wasn't able to connect to the story much at all; I simply wanted to finish it because it was a recommended read.<br /><br />While I didn't get into the story much I'm sure there is much material here for academic and historical analysis but it wasn't much of a pleasure read for me - and definitely not a summer read.  I checked this out from library and even with the late fees that I've racked up it was still cheaper than purchasing it.  Read it if you have to for a classroom exercise but I can't recommend that you run out a purchase it.
B000YRY8BG|5.0|The series is riveting, dramatic and suspenseful, everything American television is not. The series is believable, the actors ply their craft with a passion not often seen or experienced on out small screen.<br />Thoroughly enjoyable and I will be looking for more of this to enjoy.
B001DPDVE8|5.0|Wow! In the Antiartic scenes I caught myself looking for the 'fakeness' of the snow but there wasn't any...because it was the real thing filmed in the real place and that's just the first surprise. Really, this should have been in the theaters. Enjoy!
B001FEA9QU|5.0|I love every song. The 6-8 minute epic songs are back! No country songs, no boring soft songs, no wannabe alternative songs. Multiple heavy riffs in every song, with lots of speed picking, fast complex drumming, and melodic thrashing solos... several times per song!! I was a huge Metallica fan in high school and since broke up with them. Now we just lit up that old flame again. I'm glad we got back together Metallica. I recommend this album to any ride the lightning, puppets, and justice fans. GET THIS ALBUM!!..  I don't recommend this to any load, reload fans. Save the space for the next MTV Buzz album.
B0013N3DSE|3.0|I only post this as a warning to those with HD DVD Players to avoid it.  From the positives I see the BD version must be quite different.  The HD version is totally in 4:3 and definitely not HD Quality.  The worst HD in my collection and I have over a hundred BD and HD DVD's.  Unlike Casablanca which is theatrical in it's look and quality this was like watching my old 480 tube TV instead of my 57\\" Sharp LCD.     The HD DVD version isn't worth the shipping fee's as I've seen quality just as good on the AMC channel which is not even HD yet in my region.     Once viewed the King and I broadcast in HD and it looked like it was just filmed and was spectacular in PQ and this was like viewing an old tube TV and definitely not HD Quality - someone forgot to make the HD version HD properly unless the reviews on the BD version are done by the Robin Hood Erol Flynn Fan Club.     4:3 film was used for Silent Movies. Corny, Boring and not HD PQ!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Everyone is raving about this album, and I can understand why, especially after St. Anger, which is one of the worst albums of the past decade, and by far the worst Metallica Album. Over all Death Magnetic sounds like a real Metallica album, and Robert Trujillo finally makes an appearance on a Metallica record. My biggest complaint, and the only reason I don't give this 5 stars is the vocals. James Hetfield can sing, scream and yell with the best of them. For some reason he decided that on all but one song he would only yell and scream. There are no dynamics to his vocal performance, which is disappointing since we've heard him do better. There other disappointment is the return of the coffee can drum sound from St. Anger. It's not as dominant as last time, but it's there. The booming depth that a good drum sound adds is always better than the flat coffee can sound. Having said that, the album is worth adding to your collection because over all the songs are good, and have some seriously strong, rocking hooks. You're head will bang.
B00028HBKM|5.0|I love The Passion.  This movie to me the best of all time... not becaus e of Acting or cinematography or Editing but because it tells the most important story ever told.  Sure its Bloody but people NEED to see how painful and messy their sin is on the shoulders of one man.  I hate reading the 1 star negative reviews.  It makes me sick at how people Shuck this movie off.  If you are a Christian and Didnt leave the theater or take the DVD out of the player without crying after you watched.. chances are youre probaly heartless.  Our Generation needs to see that they are so loved by God that he wont punish us for our sins we've committed but instead punished his only son instead.  I know i felt remorse for the bad stuff I've done in my life after i washed Jesus get Slaughtered in front of my eyes.  It was so refreshing to see these image s on Screen and to take into a completely new Light.. instead of just reading these beautiful words in the Bible.  Thank you for reading.. and i hope you have a different outlook.
B000W0IEII|5.0|I read this book in the 70's and love it, saw the films and they were great; however listening to this book on CD was not as good as reading it. I give it 5 stars because it is a great book and ifyou cannot read it you should listen to it and try and get the message it is saying in a violent storyline.    I highly recommend.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I love the Mamma Mia CD.  I saw the Broadway show, saw the movie version  and loved both.  I play the CD all time and love  it each time it each time I play it.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|(UPDATE: OK, OK... I'm still listening to the album and I think it deserves THREE stars. It's good effort. Jame's singing and lyrics do kind of suck, but there is some good jamming here.)    My Original Review:    First, let me say that I freakin' LOVE KEA, RTL, MOP, and Garage Days Re-Revisited.    I liked ...AJFA OK, but it wasn't my favorite album.     I disliked the Black album, and HATED everything after that.    Stylistically, Death Magnetic seems like it fits between ...AJFA and the Black album.    Some songs seriously rip and Metallica makes a good effort on this one.     The drums and guitars sound great.    However, it lacks the old-school '80s trash sound that I used to love.    And James' lyrics and singing style RUIN things for me on this album.    Ever since James started writing lyrics about \\"Snow White\\" and \\"biting pillows at night\\" and what not, he totally lost me.    I hate James' \\"Bob Rock\\" singing style.    I wish James would go back and sing like he used to pre-Black album. With some distortion.    Just my opinion!
1594489505|5.0|Judging from the number of reviews, I must be the last person on the planet to read this book. If you listened to the audiobook as I did, just a friendly warning: don't listen to it in public--because I defy you not to bawl like a baby at parts of this book, especially the last third.     \\"Suns\\" seemed to me like an allegorical tale. Hosseini has written a very observant, photographic picture of life in Afghanistan as seen through the eyes of Maryam, Laila and to some extent Rasheed and Tariq. This is definitely a book told through the women. It is about how each of their lives either expands and painfully, brutally and violently contracts at the whim of the men in their lives, just as Afghanistan is contracting and suffocating at the hands of the Russians, warlords and then the Taliban.     Hosseini does not spare the reader the pain and despair of Maryam's life, beginning with her betrayal by her father, through her daily life with the \\"cheerful cruelty\\" and violence of Rasheed, and Laila's unwelcome entry into it. He describes with incredible realism how Laila's life literally explodes around her.     I haven't read The Kite Runner, but after reading A Thousand Splendid Suns, I cannot wait.
B0017ASV1C|3.0|I had forgotten just how charming Al Pacino could be and how powerfully convincing both he and Robert DeNiro are as actors.  That said, neither of them did much but to essentially play themselves in the film.  Righteous Kill was an interesting story with a twist that was fairly predicatable.  I doubt highly that unknowns could have carried the script.  John Leguizamo and Donnie Walhberg added a freshness that helps to round out the overall feel of the movie.<br /><br />This movie is worth seeing mostly because its always fun to see two heavy weights together, however I went during peak movie times and paid regular price and I wish I had gone during a matinee.  Go see it... just don't expect a mindblowing experience.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|I'll see them live if they don't play this crap!  How can anyone even think this is even good.  It's all over the place!  Ever since they started calling themselves \\"Tallica\\" they've gone cheesy  like GNR.  WTF People, honestly.  There is nothing I could imagine chanting out loud at one of their shows from this album.  The lyrics are  far from deep.  I think Rick Rubin just made some easy money.  No wonder he sat quietly during the recording process.  He was probably thinking, I'll make money no matter what!  Why bother to make a decent album.  Lars  forgot how to play drums.  Kirks solos are far from \\"shreds\\"  Can't hear Rob, And James, can still growl if he wants.  Music for the masses. Unfortunately the masses like junk these days.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|...about the butchering job that is the production on this album, and on an increasing number of other records nowadays.    To be clear: I think this is a GREAT comeback by James, Lars, and Co. Probably a 4.5-star effort on the merits of the musical content. Highlights for me include \\"All Nightmare Long,\\" \\"Unforgiven III,\\" and \\"The Judas Kiss.\\"    What isn't a highlight for me is having my speakers sound like they're falling apart during all but the quietest portions of this record. It's completely unacceptable. For anyone reading this who has listened to either RHCP's \\"Californication\\" or Rush's \\"Vapor Trails,\\" you probably noticed an oddly dissatisfying sound quality on those; lots of crackling and distortion where it shouldn't be. Well, \\"Death Magnetic\\" takes that phenomenon to a whole new level. As others have suggested, look up \\"loudness war\\" on Wikipedia if you want to learn more about why this album (and several others released from about 1999 onward) sounds so abysmal.    On the incredibly heavy, addictive and adrenaline-pumping chorus of \\"All Nightmare Long,\\" when I should be banging my head in euphoria, I'm instead trying to keep my lunch down because I'm hearing more crackles and pops than I am actual guitar tones.    If you enjoy this record, that's great; as I already stated, I love the music on it too. So please, don't just casually dismiss this because I gave 1 star. I'm doing it because the only hope we have of preventing future albums from Metallica and other artists from being similarly butchered is to speak out against it, and let the music industry know that this practice is NOT going to increase sales, as they seem to believe.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|The music itself is probably the best since And Justice. However, this is the most overly compressed Metallica released to date, even worse the St. Anger, if that was possible.  The whole album lacks dynamics due to compression, with audible distortion.  Search the web for \\"Loudness Wars\\".  This one takes the cake.  Unlistenable.  I want to enjoy it, but I can't turn it up without making my ears bleed. Thumbs down.
B001EOQWEO|5.0|I'm now 41 yrs of age but when I saw Wall*E's travel through space, I was taken back to the age of 9; when his hands reach out and touch the rings of Saturn. The magic in the movie is in the music & visuals. Your eyes will have tears in check but borderline as you watch the story progress. For Mac users, you'll enjoy when Wall*E recharges. I was able to recognize Mac users in the audience when he did this. If you're not a Mac user, you wouldn't get it. A Pixar masterpiece much, MUCH better than Toy Story.
0451450523|5.0|Peter Beagle's THE LAST UNICORN is always a discovery for me, however often I encounter it.  Only with reluctance would I name the book one of my favourites, for it employs throughout devices I routinely find annoying in modern fantasy writing.  Chief among these is an awareness on the part of the characters that they ARE in a kind of faerie tale and, as such, have generally defined roles they are expected to play.  I prefer to lose myself in a story rather than be reminded continually that it IS a story.  The 1982 animated film adaptation, though following the plot and dialogue of the book with unusual faithfulness, had problems of its own.  Too often it tended toward the melodramatic, and some of the line-delivery could only be described as 'shrill'.<br /><br />Yet it was the animated version I discovered first and, whatever the imperfections, I have re-watched it many times over the years.  Clearly, something in it touched me as few films ever do.  And I must concede that Beagle's novel is even more affecting.<br /><br />Set in a world of vaguely mediaeval elements laced with what has been called 'intentional anachronism' and populated with towns and kingdoms that never were, this is the story of a solitary unicorn who learns that all others of her kind have disappeared from the world.  She therefore leaves the security of her enchanted forest in order to discover what became of them.  Not unexpectedly, on this quest she encounters various individuals whose destinies will be realized by how they help or hinder her.  Yet there is more melancholy than magic in this, for few are pleased with what they gain.  A bitter old man is what he is precisely because he has spent his life in a relentless and uncompromising search FOR lasting happiness.  A younger man becomes a hero to win the woman he loves, but instead he gains a kingdom for which he had no desire.  And then there is Molly, who chased a dream in her youth, only to wind up in used and disillusioned drudgery.  The most heart-breaking moment of the entire work may be when she first sees the unicorn and cries out, 'Where have you been? ... What good is it to me that you're here now?  Where were you twenty years ago, ten years ago? ... How dare you come to me now, when I am this?'<br /><br />There is humour in the tale as well, albeit most often wry, sardonic, or simply playful.  And there is a happy ending overall, if somewhat ambivalent for the individuals themselves.<br /><br />Ultimately, however, UNICORN evades the foreshadowed cynicism and achieves poignance.  For me, what makes it work most is the unique 'poetry' of its prose.  Beagle's metaphors and similes are particularly compelling, fashioned on unexpected images that really do work.  'One owl-less autumn evening, they ... saw the castle ... thin and twisted, bristling with thorny turrets, dark and jagged as a giant's grin.'  A vast monster 'was the color of blood, not the springing blood of the heart but the blood that stirs under an old wound that never really healed.'  A young girl's 'skin was the color of snow by moonlight.'  Later she 'fell as irrevocably as a flower breaks ....'  'Things happened both swiftly and slowly as they do in dreams, where it is really the same thing.'  The genius of such descriptions is that they often evoke a sense, rather than an image.  We may not actually KNOW what colour is blood under an old wound, but we FEEL its darkness and grim persistence.<br /><br />THE LAST UNICORN is a story of the bittersweet, of melancholy joy, of wonder mingled with resignation, of oppressive gloom and extraordinary beauty, of wit and of wisdom and of poetry.  It does not LOOK like 'great literature', but it teaches throughout that appearances are deceiving -- and goes on to prove the point.reaking moment of the entire work may be when she first sees the unicorn and cries out, 'Where have you been? ... What good is it to me that you're here now?  Where were you twenty years ago, ten years ago? ... How dare you come to me now, when I am this?'    There is humour in the tale as well, albeit most often wry, sardonic, or simply playful.  And there is a happy ending overall, if somewhat ambivalent for the individuals themselves.    Ultimately, however, UNICORN evades the foreshadowed cynicism and achieves poignance.  For me, what makes it work most is the unique 'poetry' of its prose.  Beagle's metaphors and similes are particularly compelling, fashioned on unexpected images that really do work.  'One owl-less autumn evening, they ... saw the castle ... thin and twisted, bristling with thorny turrets, dark and jagged as a giant's grin.'  A vast monster 'was the color of blood, not the springing blood of the heart but the blood that stirs under an old wound that never really healed.'  A young girl's 'skin was the color of snow by moonlight.'  Later she 'fell as irrevocably as a flower breaks ....'  'Things happened both swiftly and slowly as they do in dreams, where it is really the same thing.'  The genius of such descriptions is that they often evoke a sense, rather than an image.  We may not actually KNOW what colour is blood under an old wound, but we FEEL its darkness and grim persistence.    THE LAST UNICORN is a story of the bittersweet, of melancholy joy, of wonder mingled with resignation, of oppressive gloom and extraordinary beauty, of wit and of wisdom and of poetry.  It does not LOOK like 'great literature', but it teaches throughout that appearances are deceiving -- and goes on to prove the point.
B00005JPTK|4.0|I enjoyed the film when I first saw it on screen because I like the genre and I am impressed by Will Smith's growth as an actor. I even accepted the dystopian ending and the escape of the woman and child while Neville blew himself and the creatures up at the end.  Today I saw the alternate ending which is suppposed to be the original ending where there is a reconciliation (the woman with the butterfly tattoo is the male vampire's companion) as she regains humanity as a result of Neville's work.<br /><br /> This is a happy ending that reminds me of Blade Runner's original ending where Deckard and the perfect replicant, Rachel, escape.(Did I dream that part?) Did anybody notice the peace crane left by Gaff? Not everything has to end on a final note of death.<br /><br />In \\"The Twelve Monkeys\\" and \\"28 Days Later\\" we also have the unleashing of a deadly virus caused by medical science. As in the 1950's with our fears of atomic bombs being unleashed everywhere and altering genetic structure, \\"Them\\" with James Arness, and \\"Godzilla,\\" we seem to have become enamoured (if that word can be used) by our fascination with vampires and biological warfare doing us in. But nothing scares me as much as Vincent Price in \\"The Last Man on Earth\\" did. Now I would like to see a film version of \\"Earth Abides.\\"
0760783748|5.0|Peter Beagle's THE LAST UNICORN is always a discovery for me, however often I encounter it.  Only with reluctance would I name the book one of my favourites, for it employs throughout devices I routinely find annoying in modern fantasy writing.  Chief among these is an awareness on the part of the characters that they ARE in a kind of faerie tale and, as such, have generally defined roles they are expected to play.  I prefer to lose myself in a story rather than be reminded continually that it IS a story.  The 1982 animated film adaptation, though following the plot and dialogue of the book with unusual faithfulness, had problems of its own.  Too often it tended toward the melodramatic, and some of the line-delivery could only be described as 'shrill'.<br /><br />Yet it was the animated version I discovered first and, whatever the imperfections, I have re-watched it many times over the years.  Clearly, something in it touched me as few films ever do.  And I must concede that Beagle's novel is even more affecting.<br /><br />Set in a world of vaguely mediaeval elements laced with what has been called 'intentional anachronism' and populated with towns and kingdoms that never were, this is the story of a solitary unicorn who learns that all others of her kind have disappeared from the world.  She therefore leaves the security of her enchanted forest in order to discover what became of them.  Not unexpectedly, on this quest she encounters various individuals whose destinies will be realized by how they help or hinder her.  Yet there is more melancholy than magic in this, for few are pleased with what they gain.  A bitter old man is what he is precisely because he has spent his life in a relentless and uncompromising search FOR lasting happiness.  A younger man becomes a hero to win the woman he loves, but instead he gains a kingdom for which he had no desire.  And then there is Molly, who chased a dream in her youth, only to wind up in used and disillusioned drudgery.  The most heart-breaking moment of the entire work may be when she first sees the unicorn and cries out, 'Where have you been? ... What good is it to me that you're here now?  Where were you twenty years ago, ten years ago? ... How dare you come to me now, when I am this?'<br /><br />There is humour in the tale as well, albeit most often wry, sardonic, or simply playful.  And there is a happy ending overall, if somewhat ambivalent for the individuals themselves.<br /><br />Ultimately, however, UNICORN evades the foreshadowed cynicism and achieves poignance.  For me, what makes it work most is the unique 'poetry' of its prose.  Beagle's metaphors and similes are particularly compelling, fashioned on unexpected images that really do work.  'One owl-less autumn evening, they ... saw the castle ... thin and twisted, bristling with thorny turrets, dark and jagged as a giant's grin.'  A vast monster 'was the color of blood, not the springing blood of the heart but the blood that stirs under an old wound that never really healed.'  A young girl's 'skin was the color of snow by moonlight.'  Later she 'fell as irrevocably as a flower breaks ....'  'Things happened both swiftly and slowly as they do in dreams, where it is really the same thing.'  The genius of such descriptions is that they often evoke a sense, rather than an image.  We may not actually KNOW what colour is blood under an old wound, but we FEEL its darkness and grim persistence.<br /><br />THE LAST UNICORN is a story of the bittersweet, of melancholy joy, of wonder mingled with resignation, of oppressive gloom and extraordinary beauty, of wit and of wisdom and of poetry.  It does not LOOK like 'great literature', but it teaches throughout that appearances are deceiving -- and goes on to prove the point.reaking moment of the entire work may be when she first sees the unicorn and cries out, 'Where have you been? ... What good is it to me that you're here now?  Where were you twenty years ago, ten years ago? ... How dare you come to me now, when I am this?'    There is humour in the tale as well, albeit most often wry, sardonic, or simply playful.  And there is a happy ending overall, if somewhat ambivalent for the individuals themselves.    Ultimately, however, UNICORN evades the foreshadowed cynicism and achieves poignance.  For me, what makes it work most is the unique 'poetry' of its prose.  Beagle's metaphors and similes are particularly compelling, fashioned on unexpected images that really do work.  'One owl-less autumn evening, they ... saw the castle ... thin and twisted, bristling with thorny turrets, dark and jagged as a giant's grin.'  A vast monster 'was the color of blood, not the springing blood of the heart but the blood that stirs under an old wound that never really healed.'  A young girl's 'skin was the color of snow by moonlight.'  Later she 'fell as irrevocably as a flower breaks ....'  'Things happened both swiftly and slowly as they do in dreams, where it is really the same thing.'  The genius of such descriptions is that they often evoke a sense, rather than an image.  We may not actually KNOW what colour is blood under an old wound, but we FEEL its darkness and grim persistence.    THE LAST UNICORN is a story of the bittersweet, of melancholy joy, of wonder mingled with resignation, of oppressive gloom and extraordinary beauty, of wit and of wisdom and of poetry.  It does not LOOK like 'great literature', but it teaches throughout that appearances are deceiving -- and goes on to prove the point.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|Even Megadeths worst efferts are better than Death Magnetic.  Check out Daves Unted Aboninations for some real metal.
B00102F5WK|5.0|Outstanding presentation of a dark turn in American policy. \\"For every man you torture, you make a thousand enemies.\\"
B00192KCQ0|5.0|As a HUGE Metallica fan, I was very disappointing by St. Anger.  This album puts the band back on track and is one of their best albums ever.  If you've been hesitant to buy this album because you have been turned off by the band's recent efforts, rest assured, this is Metallica at their best!
B000A2IPPK|2.0|i saw the original screen version.  I bought your version for my grandson.  I could swear there were some parts/sequences that were   missing from your version.    Carol Norsworthy
B001EN71DG|1.0|Dear fans,<br /><br />George Lucas here again. I am here to announce that unfortunately, I am incredibly broke. I need more money to add to my bank account, which is why I am releasing a 4th DVD set of the Star Wars movies. This will be the same as my wonderful other DVDs that I have re-re-released, except I have put better cover art. I sure hope my fans go out and buy this DVD, because I think they'll dig the beautiful new cover art, even if it is something they already own. You know, I was gonna get the original negatives, since that is what the fans want. But about halfway into the meeting with Fox, I decided \\"To hell with it, I'm gonna rehash these DVDs I had and just re-re-release my other DVDs that fans hate.\\" Fox thought it was a bad idea but I decided \\"screw them.\\" Anyways, know that I need more money, and yet those who don't have this yet BETTER get it, because if they don't I will sneak into their house and make them like it. I mean, laserdisc transfers are so much easier than an original negative transfer. I don't have any plans to restore them with 5.1 Surround Sound or Anamorphic widescreen from the original source. So if you're gonna send death threats, I have four words for you: Too Bad So Sad. Pissing fans off is my job.<br /><br />Yours Truly,<br />George Lucas.
B00079ZACM|5.0|I first saw this movie with my older brother in 1939, when it was released.<br />I was nine years old then and I can't count the times I'd been able to see it again and again when it would be released in the theaters over the years.<br />Now with modern tech. were able to see it again whenever we want.<br />I think this is a great movie and a beautifully filmed one also.<br />What else can I say?<br />I just love it and you will too when you see it.
B000YPUF9W|3.0|The Resident Evil franchise sparks a lot of debates; some love it and others simply hate it and see it as far inferior to the games they were inspired by. Make no mistake the Resident Evil films will never be mistaken for a George Romero movie and quite honestly the films will remain known only thanks to the video games. The day the games fade away I'm willing to bet so will the movies.<br /><br />But with that said I will admit I have so far enjoyed this franchise for the most part. The movies aren't classics by any means, but they do make for some mindless fun and quite honestly sometimes that is all that is needed. But the Resident Evil films aren't without their flaws and the major flaw with the series is one person in particular. Paul WS Anderson. He's despised by legions of people, but he's really not that bad of a filmmaker. He's not very good, but he can produce and direct an enjoyable even if lackluster movie. But his writing is just simply horrendous.<br /><br />Resident Evil: Extinction was once again written by Paul Anderson who wrote the previous 2 and directed the original. This is a Paul Anderson screenplay you should know what to expect by now. I've never thought he was very good with the character development, but with the Resident Evil films he's at his worst. While neither this one nor the previous 2 were poorly written per se, they did feature very weak characters and if not for the actors brining more to the characters than maybe they deserved they would be a total waste. I can't help, but feel it's more of Anderson being lazy and knowing he has an audience thanks to the games.<br /><br />Resident Evil: Extinction might be the weakest written of the three, but also the best written as well. The characters all lack depth and nothing is really explained. Ali Larter was excellent as Claire Redfield, but my question who is the hell is she? I don't care if it's explained in the game. This is a feature film and not a video game. Her character could be developed in the game, but she also has to be developed in the movie. It almost seems like when Anderson writes his first draft it ends up being the final shooting script.<br /><br />I think plot wise this has a little bit more going for it, but with that said the story itself isn't very good and knocks off other movies, but the dialogue was overall far better than Resident Evil 2, which at times was cringe worthy. If not for Alexander Witt's decent directing, Resident Evil 2 could have been terrible, which is does borderline at times.<br /><br />Oded Fehr returns as Carlos Olivera and Mike Epps returns as L.J. and both of them are very much wasted. Since both survived the previous part and since both were free it seems they were brought back for the hell of it. While their characters weren't very much developed in the 2nd, here even less is done with them. While both actors make a little more of their characters they are simply there just for the hell of it. Carlos is given a little more to do than just to be there, but L.J. serves no real purpose. But at the end of the day neither character was very crucial to the movie.<br /><br />I would love to see this franchise continue without Paul Anderson; I think there is some potential for this series and while I have enjoyed all 3 for what they are just mindless fun, but Paul Anderson's weak writing hurt what would have been a much better series of films. As I stated before as a director he's not bad, he's not very good, but he can craft a movie that is enjoyable, but at the end of the day forgettable. The original Resident Evil really wasn't so bad, the script was very weak, but it did have some fairly good action scenes and was enjoyable, but again we go back to the script you'll be hard pressed to remember anyone's name. Faceless characters and that's what Anderson does best.<br /><br />As a writer Anderson, well let's just say he needs to take a few classes on how to write a screenplay. One of the clear influenceson RE3 was George Romero's Day of the Dead; note to Anderson; pay attention to what Romero did with the screenplay and break it down and maybe one day you'll fully understand how to write a movie. I hate to totally trash someone and I've pretty much bashed Anderson non-stop in this review, but he deserves it. He isn't the worst writer and I'll admit I do enjoy some of his work again he can deliver a decent flick, but very forgettable, but I don't hate Paul Anderson like many people seem to do.<br /><br />Director Russell Mulcahy does a fairly good job at keeping the pace going forward, which isn't an easy task when you're directing a movie based off of a Paul Anderson script. But he mostly keeps things interesting and does deliver some solid action scenes. The poor CGI does hurt a little bit, but they're still good enough scenes so they may not annoy you too much. Of all 3 Resident Evil films this is probably the best directed, but also has possibly the weakest and better script of the 3. So therefore I won't place all the blame on Mulcahy for the flaws.<br /><br />The biggest problem with Resident Evil 3 is almost the whole movie was shot in the daylight. Movies like this barley work when shot during the day. Would all night scenes made this scary? No of course not, but that isn't really the point, but if anything it might have added a little bit of suspense and tension. I don't think night scenes would make this movie much better, but I think it would have helped a little bit.<br /><br />Milla Jovovich returns as Alice and is the brightest spot of the movie; honestly I really like her a lot. She's a fairly decent actress, but does make for a very cool heroine. Milla Jovovich is the franchise and brings a lot to a very poorly developed character. Quite honestly she's the main reason I keep coming back to the series.<br /><br />Overall Resident Evil: Extinction is a very flawed, but fun movie; by no means is this movie a classic at all. It's quite forgettable, but again it's a fun movie and a fun way to kill 90 or so minutes. My review may be a lot more negative than positive, but I do enjoy Resident Evil: Extinction, while this doesn't come highly recommended it does serve its purpose as a good popcorn flick.erson; pay attention to what Romero did with the screenplay and break it down and maybe one day you'll fully understand how to write a movie. I hate to totally trash someone and I've pretty much bashed Anderson non-stop in this review, but he deserves it. He isn't the worst writer and I'll admit I do enjoy some of his work again he can deliver a decent flick, but very forgettable, but I don't hate Paul Anderson like many people seem to do.    Director Russell Mulcahy does a fairly good job at keeping the pace going forward, which isn't an easy task when you're directing a movie based off of a Paul Anderson script. But he mostly keeps things interesting and does deliver some solid action scenes. The poor CGI does hurt a little bit, but they're still good enough scenes so they may not annoy you too much. Of all 3 Resident Evil films this is probably the best directed, but also has possibly the weakest and better script of the 3. So therefore I won't place all the blame on Mulcahy for the flaws.    The biggest problem with Resident Evil 3 is almost the whole movie was shot in the daylight. Movies like this barley work when shot during the day. Would all night scenes made this scary? No of course not, but that isn't really the point, but if anything it might have added a little bit of suspense and tension. I don't think night scenes would make this movie much better, but I think it would have helped a little bit.    Milla Jovovich returns as Alice and is the brightest spot of the movie; honestly I really like her a lot. She's a fairly decent actress, but does make for a very cool heroine. Milla Jovovich is the franchise and brings a lot to a very poorly developed character. Quite honestly she's the main reason I keep coming back to the series.    Overall Resident Evil: Extinction is a very flawed, but fun movie; by no means is this movie a classic at all. It's quite forgettable, but again it's a fun movie and a fun way to kill 90 or so minutes. My review may be a lot more negative than positive, but I do enjoy Resident Evil: Extinction, while this doesn't come highly recommended it does serve its purpose as a good popcorn flick.
B000HCO83Q|4.0|This was an excellent ending to a terrific series, and worthy of all the hype it's generated so far. Hugh Jackman and Ian McKellan put forth strong performances as Wolverine and Magneto, and the rest of the performers, with the exception of the actors playing Cyclops and Rogue, are believable in spite of the roles they are playing. The time passes quickly in the movie, and it is well-worth a second viewing.  There are a lot of intense scenes, and some gruesome deaths.
0743496736|2.0|THe beginning of this book was very powerful. I started it not knowing it was leading to a school shooting but figured it out before the event happened.  The flashbacks were well written and not confusing like some flashbacks are.  For as long as the book was there wasn't any depth to the mother daughter relationship or the way Josie felt about her relationship with Matt. I just felt it skimmed those two areas and the final truth told at the end was too incredible to believe.  Too bad because she had it all in the beginning.
1400064287|5.0|This book tells you how to craft ideas that stick in your head like some alien worm borrowing through your brain laying eggs.<br /><br />EUW!<br /><br />That idea sticks on your head because it follows the book's recipe: a simple, unexpected (alien?), concrete (my brain? ARGH!), credible (ok, you probably WON'T meet any actual brain-borrowing aliens, but you understand the mechanical concept), emotional (ICK and EUW!) story adheres to your head better than any long, scholarly, erudite disquisition on the neurological basis on persistence memetic structures (zzzzzzzz!)<br /><br />Read the book, find out how you can make brain worms too! It's fun and useful!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|without a doubt thier best album since and justice for all. METALLICA IS BACK!! i can't wait to hear these songs live. death magnetic is everything every metallica fan has been waiting for since the black album.
B000067J1H|4.0|brad pitt starts fist fighting club.ed norton is his friend and one of the first members.then norton finds out that pitt has already started fight clubs all over america.then almost every man in the country is in a fight club.pitt,who makes his own soap,has access to explosives and plans to blow up skyscrapers in every major city in america.near the end of the movie there is a twist.is brad pitt really ed norton and norton really pitt?[[ASIN:B000067J1H Fight Club (Widescreen Edition)]]
B000AMPZF8|5.0|Warning: every single one of the songs on this CD are so epically genius you won't be able to tolerate any of that crap on the radio for even a minute after one listen.    Never before have I been stunned by one album. It's not just that the music is good; it's so insightful and connected it's almost scary. It kicks off with Newborn, which starts out great with fast-paced piano and only gets better when the guitar comes in.     Undoubtedly two of my favorite Muse songs ever (which is saying something) follow: Bliss and Space Dementia. Both consist of background arpeggios but hold very other qualities. Bliss's strong suit is its lyrics. In a way, it's a strange love song, describing a brilliant conundrum; being jealous of someone who is in the perfect state of mine (aka \\"bliss\\"). Of course, you can not reach that state if you are busy being jealous of it. \\"Everything about you pains my envying/Your soul can't hate anything/Give me...all the peace and joy in your mind. I want the peace and joy in your mind.\\" The lyrics tear me up more than that of the soapiest, more passionate love ballads of any other band.    Space Dementia is a masterpiece of its own. Starting out with delicate piano which turns hammering  and then into a floaty synth keyboard in the chorus. The first line of this song will forever intrigue me. (\\"H8 is the one for me\\".) Whatever the case, this is a track you will not be soon forgetting    Things move away from the piano and lean heavily along Matt's trusty guitar further into the album. Hyper Music is a fast, loaded song with a loud, powerful chorus with potentially heart wrenching lyrics. (\\"I don't want you; and I never did. I don't want you and I never will.\\") Things really begin to shine with the epic Plug in Baby, my favorite Muse song. With it's legendary riff, undeniably catchy chorus, and Matt's screaming falsetto outro, this is Muse at their peak at the time. You could listen to this song hundreds of time and never get tired of the sheer awesomeness of it.     Citizen Erased is amazing in the sense that it is 7 minutes long, progresses through so many levels and yet never gets boring or drawn-out.  If you listen to the first part then skip to the last part, it sounds like a completely different song. Speaking of the last part, the last two minutes are incredibly moving and wonderful. They also flow right into the next track, Microcuts. Famous for Matt's soaring falsetto, this is definitely a standout.    Screenager consists of Dom (Howard, the drummer) playing a rhythm on animal nails/bones and piano from Matt. It's probably the only track on the whole CD that never really kicks into a fast pace and gives the listener a smooth break. Dark Shines is another song I argue is very underrated. It has catchy guitar riffs and an arguably sexy bass on the verses, and explodes into piano pounding, guitar shreading chorus. Plus, the lyrics rock (\\"So be mine/and you innocence I will consume.\\")    Named one of the best five covers of all time and for good reason, Feeling Good comes next. Matt's keyboard skills are ace and the middle verse with the megaphone is brilliant.    And wrapping up this musical experience is none other than Megalomania. Played on a church organ, the chorus of this song is so climatic and powerful, I get chills every time. The lyrics surpass great and approach  mind bending. (\\"Take off your disguise/I know that underneath it's me/ Who are you?\\") The best part could very well be the second chorus, which is recorded with Matt singing low and with a falsetto. The entire thing ends with one last climaxing note, then drops.     Matt Bellamy outdoes himself on this album; the lyrics he writes are so   expressive and poignant and yet other times vague and brooding that they could capture anyone's attention. And the complexity and volume of each son is staggering. And of course, his piano and guitar skills are divine.   Combined with the talent of Dom and Chris Wolstenholme, the extremely impressive bassist, it's impossible for any Muse album not to be fantastic. Origin of Symmetry is an album that defies good effort and having several catchy tracks; it is a  masterpiece.
B000CC4GEW|3.0|This DVD is a straight VHS transfer that has been made widewcreen by cutting off top and bottom sections of standard format.  The quality is average and in opening sequences the audio is poor.    The acting is average and Steiger not entirely believeable as Boney.    While starting out somewhat slow, the movie itself is very thorough and historically accurate and probably the best there is at covering the history of 18 June 1815.    Military history fans will undoubtedly enjoy this film despite any shortcomings.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|ive heard all the hype , master of puppets , ride the lightning, etc. sorry folks , this album is a welcome throw back to kill em' all. piss n' vinegar ,motorhead influenced shot to the jaw, i cannot tell you how pleasent it has been actually listening to this album. wiplash riffing all over the place, ballsy bouncing bass playing[ actually somewhat audible] i mean i want to seek and destroy, and have no remorse about it either, damn this is great, the last truly killer song metallica made was sad but true, and maybe of wolf and man, on the black album, i always liked kill em' all best, it was the rawest , most visceral sound they ever had. once mustain was gone that sound faded to black, so to speak.i wander what ole dave is thinkin, he has to be impressed,  every once in a while a riff or feeling of the load albums creep in. lets be honest the last 3 albums in total were pretty pedestrian, i always thought if you took the best of all three ,you could have had a classic 80 min. disc. either way, no filler here, not one bad track , im excited. the future of metallica just may be bright. i can guaren damn tee , ill be at the live shows. havent been since 92 i believe. every song is so damn good i cant really pick one. the judas kiss , broken beat and scarred, the end of the line, really resonate, the unforgiven 3 intro surprised me. reminded me of opeth a little i would have said the unforgiven 3 was the weakest track here. [to load like] and made for radio. but the last third with the killer solo saves the song. i know this sounds like a fanboy review ,forgive me, i deserted metallica 12 years ago after load, i feel some of the old fire is back . and i love it. i hope this is a trend, this album has a raw, live. underproduced vibe to it. like a live recording. like kill em' all ive even clinched my fists and grit my teethe a few times.it also has made me reach back to the first 5 albums again and understand how monumental this band was. and master of puppets , is still the masterpiece. but death magnetic is certainly worthy of the first 5, it realy touches all the previous albums , leaning heavily on kill em' all. ill tell you this , i hvent heard anything this good this year, with opeths watershed being somewhat a dissapointment compared to ghost reveries, this has been a shot to the gut , metallica is back,and i am so ready for more.ill the masterpiece. but death magnetic is certainly worthy of the first 5, it realy touches all the previous albums , leaning heavily on kill em' all. ill tell you this , i hvent heard anything this good this year, with opeths watershed being somewhat a dissapointment compared to ghost reveries, this has been a shot to the gut , metallica is back,and i am so ready for more.
B000S5BUXI|5.0|It's literate, soulful, tuneful.  This is music for adults -- in the tradition of Blood on the Tracks and Court and Spark.  The songs get better the more you listen to them.
0784011680|4.0|'Chaplin' is a difficult film to pull off for at least two reasons, first... who could possibly portray Charlie Chaplin and his genius?... and how do you fit this guy's entire story into one film?  Chaplin had one heck of a complicated, long life with many severe ups and downs! Fortunately for us, they got some of these important factors right. The film runs well over two hours, but I never felt truly satisfied with the detail of many scenes. The biggest flaw is that some areas of his life are whisked by so fast it's hard to grasp everything.<br /><br />Robert Downey Jr. should get a lot of credit as without his believable portrayal of this man, the movie could never work at all. It's a very interesting movie with great performances, but it's not a great movie. The DVD has a very good transfer, but lacks in any worthy extras.
B000ULQV0W|5.0|This is the music I've been waiting for from Eddie Vedder. The richness of voice matched with the passsion of his performance and lyrics with substance touch me in ways that Pearl Jam does not. He has produced other music with those elements, but here his warmth and sincerity are not competing with heavy rock sound. A few of the songs really remind me of John Lennon. No Ceiling would fit right in on Revolver. The first few months I owned the album, I considered it quiet and contemplative. After seeing four of his solo shows, I turn it way up and it has a whole different energy. The shortness of the album has an easy fix: hit play again.
B0007R4TAS|1.0|This TV production of 1970 starring Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of how difficult it is to adopt \\"Jane Eyre\\" to the screen, and how much can go wrong in doing so. It is true that the movie suffered in the transfer to DVD - some scenes which were complete in the original were shortened and so badly edited that there are striking continuity gaps and that even one crucial scene between Jane and Rochester starts in the middle of a sentence! But even if the editing were better, the film would not be. The script is bad, the portrayal of the characters is untrue to the novel and nearly all actors are miscast. As a consequence one does not have the feeling of watching an adaptation of Charlotte Bront's novel at all. The problem is not only that a number of scenes are shortened or left out - this is the case with all the short adaptations - but that the remaining scenes do no at all capture the tone, the spirit, the atmosphere and the concept of the novel.     This Jane Eyre for example completely leaves out Gateshead and begins with Jane's arrival at Lowood. While this is perfectly all right, since some scenes must by necessity be left out, it is not understandable that, instead of using the time gained (so to speak) and thoroughly portraying Jane's friendship with Helen, the influence Helen has for Jane's development, the lecture in Christian stoicism that she teaches her, the film nearly exclusively concentrates on the physical ill-treatment of Helen, which is driven to absurd extremes in this adaptation. What Helen has to suffer is bad enough as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison ward, who deliberately wants to drive Helen to a premature death. And this is about all which happens at Lowood. If you compare that to the deep impact the years spent in Lowood have on Jane in the novel, one can only state with regret that the movie does not even touch the surface of that particular episode in Jane'slife. And this is the problem throughout this adaptation: It rushes from scene to scene, very often without transition, and nowhere comes even near the essence of the novel.  The dialogues are an odd mixture of made-up lines and lines from the novel, very clumsily patched together, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so shortened that both share only 5 minutes together on screen before they fall in love, and the little conversation they have contains nothing of the brilliance, the intensity and also the humour of the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the scriptwriter not only did Bront's language injustice but in addition managed to ruin her moral set-up with just one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after the would-be wedding, Rochester says: \\"Yet I once loved her [his wife] as I love you now.\\" The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an amoral scheme and was trapped into marrying a mad woman whom he never loved, and that his effort to seek a true life partner is, if not sanctified by God's and man's law, yet understandable and forgivable! But this one sentence completely undermines Bront's whole carefully constructed moral concept and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because his old one is of no use to him any longer.     From the errors regarding the script to the errors regarding the casting: Now I am by no means one of those who insist on physical resemblance between an actor and the literary figure he portrays, but by no stretch of imagination is it possible to picture lovely, blonde, blue-eyed and full-mouthed Susannah York as the novel's plain heroine. In addition, Ms York was in her thirties when the film was shot and looks it. Played by her, the novel's shy, reserved and inexperienced young Jane becomes a perfectly poised, graceful and mature woman, completely sure of herself and her deserts. I donot say that Susannah York does not play well and convincingly but the woman she portrays is not Bront's Jane Eyre. To cast George C. Scott as Rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a Rochester who looked old enough to make the 18 years difference in age between Jane and Rochester plausible. Scott looks as if he were around 50 but acts in various scenes as if he were 70.     To compliment the \\"maturity\\" of the leading actors all passion, desire and despair seems to have been deliberately wrung out of the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional climax of the novel, has become a calm, rational conversation between two middle-aged persons, at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane returns to him in the last scene, he is just as mildly pleased as a grandfather who has just been paid a visit in his old people's home by his favourite granddaughter. The only character who displays an appropriate amount of emotion is St. John, of all people. Ian Bannen plays him so passionately and his eager plea for Jane's love is so touching that one gets the impression that Bannen was modelling his St. John on the Rochester of the novel. But good though Bannen is, his St. John is just as far from the novel as York's Jane and Scott's Rochester. The only redeeming features of this very disappointing \\"Jane Eyre\\" are the locations and the score, and I would only recommend this production to those who want to watch and compare every single adaptation of \\"Jane Eyre\\".
B0001932ZA|4.0|Picture this.  Ben Richards (Schwarzenegger) is on chopper patrol when an order comes through to fire into an area where inoccent citizens stand.  The order of course is obsured, and Richards declines, aborting the mission when his superior passes on orders to Richards' co-pilots to take control of the craft and resume the mission.  In a struggle to do what is right, Richards attempts to to keep his co-pilots away from the controls, but fails in doing so as he is simply outmaned.  About a year or two later, enter the game show \\"The Running Man.\\"  On the screen in front of a large live audience, we see the events that night of Richards aboard the chopper.  The order comes through to not fire, as there are simply too many innocents in the area.  Richards defies orders and proceeds to shoot down a number of innocents and destroy that particular area of town.  This is just one of the twisted setups for the most famous form of televised entertainment in the year 2017, hosted by David Killian (Richard Dawson).<br /><br />Running Man was released in 1987, taking place in 2017.  It's pretty much an established fact that any 80's film taking place in the future usually looks like an even more 80's future.  No different here, Running Man is filled with cheesy costumes, lots of neon flashly lights, and a dowtown Los Angeles that looks nothing like the city today.  And like many movies set in the future, it's not a happy place.  The economy is bust, and the living conditions we see are pretty downright nasty.  Unless you are Richard Killian, who's gameshow has probably made him the most famous (and a very rich) man in America.  Little does the majority know that \\"He is lying to you\\".  Killian's choice of contestants are whoever he can get his hands on, however, his audience thinks these are scumbag criminals who deserve to die at the hands of the \\"Stalkers\\" - the guys who chase those contestants down and do the killing, in style of course.  Richards catches Killian's eye, and he has no difficulty getting ahold of him.  Along with his two buddies and a girl he meets along the way (Maria Conchita Alonso), Richards is caught in the deadly game show dueling it out with all types of Stalkers.<br /><br />The story is almost non-existent, but the idea behind the film is rather entertaining.  The game show scenes are packed with excitement and screaming fans, and Richard Dawson given his real life experience makes an excellent host (though he's a bit more evil in the movie's role).  The dialouge and acting, as expected, is well below par, but the Arnie one-liners just keep on coming.  \\"Hey Christmas Tree.  Follow me light bulb.\\"  I mean, only Arnold could say something like that.  The action scenes are fun too, with Stalkers dressed up in ridiculous costumes (the guy really does look like a Christmas tree) they also each have their own abilities, such as being armed with a chainsaw, a deadly hockey stick, or even the ability to shoot electricity (huh?)  Yes you heard right, but I'm telling you, it's fun.  Especially when we get to see the battle of the govenors.  Though it's not an actual fight (you'll see what I mean) Arnold takes on Jesse Ventura aka Captain Freedom....\\"No pain, no gain!\\"<br /><br />It's a downright guilty pleasure.  Arnold fans must add to their collection.  It has all the weaknesses of a B-movie, but carries all the positives as well.  As silly as it is, Running Man is a good hour and half of mindless fun.<br /><br />Acting - 2.5<br />Action - 4<br />Characters - 3.5<br />Story - 3<br />Overall - 3.5difficulty getting ahold of him.  Along with his two buddies and a girl he meets along the way (Maria Conchita Alonso), Richards is caught in the deadly game show dueling it out with all types of Stalkers.    The story is almost non-existent, but the idea behind the film is rather entertaining.  The game show scenes are packed with excitement and screaming fans, and Richard Dawson given his real life experience makes an excellent host (though he's a bit more evil in the movie's role).  The dialouge and acting, as expected, is well below par, but the Arnie one-liners just keep on coming.  \\"Hey Christmas Tree.  Follow me light bulb.\\"  I mean, only Arnold could say something like that.  The action scenes are fun too, with Stalkers dressed up in ridiculous costumes (the guy really does look like a Christmas tree) they also each have their own abilities, such as being armed with a chainsaw, a deadly hockey stick, or even the ability to shoot electricity (huh?)  Yes you heard right, but I'm telling you, it's fun.  Especially when we get to see the battle of the govenors.  Though it's not an actual fight (you'll see what I mean) Arnold takes on Jesse Ventura aka Captain Freedom....\\"No pain, no gain!\\"    It's a downright guilty pleasure.  Arnold fans must add to their collection.  It has all the weaknesses of a B-movie, but carries all the positives as well.  As silly as it is, Running Man is a good hour and half of mindless fun.    Acting - 2.5  Action - 4  Characters - 3.5  Story - 3  Overall - 3.5
B000002OX7|5.0|This is one of the most powerful, well written albums in rock music history.  All four members were at their peak creatively and performance-wise.  If I could only own ten albums, this would be one of them.
630514415X|5.0|He Got Game hit home for me, because I don't have a father in my life. As an aspring filmaker I always have dreams that my father will come back at a crucial point in my life as Denzel did to Ray in this movie. This a movie that every father and son should see. The cinematography, script and acting are all top notch. One of Spike's best films since Clockers.
B00005NQLP|5.0|I had this album on vinyl over 20 years ago and lost it in a move - to my great distress. I've looked for it off and on all this time but it's been out of print and I couldn't find it. The price is high for a 10-song CD but even Rhapsody doesn't have it, BUT the price is low for the songs on it and the opportunity to hear Graham Nash again.<br />FAV song on this album is Skychild, but Earth and Sky is full of the emotion I have only found here. There's nothing dramatic about the album; it's light sound for a girl who thrives on punk & so on, but the bottom line is that these songs get into your soul and if you're listening, you can feel them. That's the best recommendation I can give; these are songs that have stayed with me for over 20 years without hearing them because they truly live. Thank God for imports. If you're a CSNY fan or enjoy any of the solo work of these dudes, grab this before it disappears again!
B00008EY9G|3.0|Identity was a pretty good movie runied by a predictable ending. The film reminded of Lifeboat but with a scarier atompshere. The film in my opinion really didn't have any jump out of your seat moments. John Cuscack and Ray Lioltta are in top form as always and Amanda Peet looks yummy as always. My only other compliant with the film was that Jake Busey had such a small part. Still it's James Mangold best film since Copland and worth a look.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|I've been listening to Metallica since \\"Garage Days Re-Revisted.\\" Having said that, each Metallica release is more than just another album. There are expectations that need to be met, as any Metallica fan would tell you.<br /><br />Death Magnetic is a very good album. Kirk's solos are solid and James has written some very inspiring riffs. The bass is a little lost in the mix, but it wouldn't be a Metallica album if you could hear the bass, right? Anyway, the biggest setback is Lars Ulrich's drumming. He is not a bad drummer. His style is just outdated, lacks energy and feels complacent.
B00003CXSP|4.0|Seeing Hannibal makes me think back to the greatness of Manhunter and Silence Of The Lambs. When one just looks into the eyes of Hannibal you see get a sense of true fear. The direction in this film is great and the acting is once again superb. The jump scenes are right on target and the effectiveness is once again good. Anthony Hopkins is great as always as is Juilanne Moore. Ray Liolta and an uncredited Gary Oldman make good villians also.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I'll keep this brief. If you love Metallica up through the black album, then you will love death magnetic. a true return to form, blistering thrash that proves the naysayers wrong.
B000W74EQC|4.0|Even though I had so many good things about Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I had my resverations about it. I bought the DVD when it was first released and never got around to watching it so when it came on a HBO Saturday night I watched it and I enjoyed the film. Chris Columbous has made his best film since the oringial Home Alone, a film that everyone can enjoy. The film is great on the acting and the special effects. The Quigwich match was really exicting and I've looked forward to all the Harry Potter films ever since.
B00005JPY0|3.0|Having been convinced to see this megextravaganza in IMAX, my comments may<br />not be popular.<br /><br />In \\"A Face in the Crowd\\", the main character depends upon a slow-witted accomplice to inform him when a political candidate was boring. In my case, my buttocks provided the same information, squirming in the seat.<br /><br />My senses being captivated by the IMAX Vista, the technology and expectedly decent performances by Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman and Gary Oldman, I was admittedly overwhelmed by Heath Ledger's Joker. Why then, was my anatomy signaling that something was wrong?<br /><br />I found the answer in searching my memory to the most recent Indiana Jones. The same fidgeting occurred, breaking into my bonding with the film and intruding into my experience. In Indiana Jones, quite unlike myself, I found myself mentally screaming during some of the action sequences (paraphrasing Elaine's character in Seinfeld watching \\"The English Patient\\") \\"End already! End already!\\"<br /><br />There is a balance between action and storyline. Where Nolan was sensitive to this in his first Batman outing, he seems to have fallen prey to \\"if five minutes of action is good, it stands to reason that ten would be twice as good.\\" Unfortunately, this line of reasoning is false. If I want action with no or a weak storyline, I'll watch Stallone. My expectations were far higher in this case.<br /><br />Although it was to be expected that this would be a dark and brooding film, even though I viewed it on an enormous screen I could not see the action clearly as it faded into shadowy blurs. IMAX was clearly unnecessary unless you enjoy a few seconds of vertigo in overhead helicopter shots.<br /><br />Where was Christian Bales? The Joker was more the lead in this film. This was yet another imbalance. In his statements, the Joker speaks of his  love of chaos. Oddly, his chaos was so systematic and well planned that its very nature contradicts itself. Setting that faux pas aside, the Joker and Batman represent two poles of human nature: Chaos versus control. The Joker is more consistent with the chaos but Batman, to give him greater depth, should lose some of the compulsive rigidity he shows. The closest to this he demonstrates was when he permitted a criminal (Eric Roberts)to drop to the ground, obviously injuring his legs. At that moment, there was a sense of wanting to clap my hands as Batman finally showed some of his dark side.<br /><br />The film was worth seeing--not in IMAX, but as DVD. I have concerns about the director, who seems to be moving more in the direction of Hollywood glitz and away from the more symmetrical action/storyline shown in his first Batman.<br /><br />One final note: As a viewer I applaud Ledger's performance; as a psychologist I cannot help but wonder what the impact of his role had upon his psyche in such close proximity to the filming. If my suspicions are correct and his performance wins an Oscar, the cost will have been far greater than the limelight or salary he earned.<br /><br />Christian Bales, despite what some others believe, has shown himself to be an actor capable of extraordinary depth. The conflict between Batman and Bruce Wayne is often lost in quick transitions from one to the other or moments of silent reflection when one can only wonder what conflicts/thoughts are being processed at that moment.
B00005LOUP|2.0|The Grinch was a great film if you're eight. But for everyone else it's okay. Granted, the sets were amazing, it has heart and Jim Carrey is brillaint but the film wasn't as funny I thought it could've been. The film is good family entertainment though.
B0017ASV1C|3.0|\\"Righteous Kill\\" draws the audience deep into a mystery that, in reality, isn't all that mysterious. While I can't say I predicted the big revelation at the end, I can say that I didn't find it too surprising, given the overtly misdirecting nature of the plot. Far be it from me to get way ahead of myself, but the truth is that the filmmakers want us to notice the mystery more than the characters, the story, or the even the setting. They took great pains to tease us with hidden messages, subtle clues, and clever camera angles that hide things from view; in the end, we're given an appropriate yet strangely unsatisfying plot twist, one that resolves the story but somehow doesn't do it justice. As for Robert De Niro and Al Pacino, they made the most of what they were given, meaning their performances were decent at best, complacent at worst. It's quite possible both are too good for a film like this.    This isn't to say that \\"Righteous Kill\\" is a gigantic miscalculation. Actually, it held my interest all the way through, despite the plot being very uneven at times. It tells the story of two veteran NYPD detectives--David \\"Turk\\" Fisk (De Niro) and Thomas \\"Rooster\\" Cowan (Pacino)--who aren't ready to retire, despite being partners on the force for over thirty years. They're sent to investigate the murder of a pimp, which, strangely enough, seems connected to a case they \\"solved\\" four years earlier, one involving a man suspected of murdering his girlfriend's young daughter. In this new case, the pimp was murdered even though he was only a suspect. Pretty soon, more people are found dead, each of them suspected of some heinous crime. Clearly, the NYPD has a vigilante on their hands, and what's worse, all signs point to this mysterious person being a cop. But who is it? And why is he or she leaving handwritten poems at every scene?    I don't think I can describe anymore of the plot without being annoyingly vague. Let's just say that what we're led to believe isn't necessarily what we should believe. All good mysteries work this way, and up to a point, \\"Righteous Kill\\" does a good job misleading the audience. Unfortunately, the ending wasn't everything it could have been. Even though the plot twist made sense within the context of the story, it wasn't the bombshell I had been expecting. To be fair, I'm well aware that some plot twists are too shocking for their own good; films like \\"The Village\\" and \\"Hancock\\" and \\"Awake\\" made revelations that, in my opinion, were over the top. It's one of those situations where you need perfect middle ground--not too weak, but not too strong, either.    It doesn't help that the performances were merely fair. Both De Niro and Pacino seem a little too comfortable in their roles, a little too relaxed given the material. Part of that can be blamed on the mindsets of their characters, both so numb after thirty years in the NYPD. But even then something feels incomplete. The tension between them and two suspicious detectives--Simon Perez (John Leguizamo) and Ted Riley (Donnie Wahlberg)--never feels as palpable as it should, and this is bad because they continuously antagonize Turk and Rooster. Their scenes feel restrained and underdeveloped, as if the actors were indifferent about their roles. This indifference is most noticeable in surveillance footage of Turk, which appears intermittently throughout the film; while I can't reveal why this footage is being shown, I can say that it features dialogue so clich, it's as if De Niro wasn't taking it seriously. Example: \\"Most people respect the badge. Everyone respects the gun.\\" Another example, one that pretty much tells us the same thing: \\"You don't become a cop to serve and protect. You do it because they let you carry a gun and a badge. You do it because you get respect.\\"    One of the better performances came from Carla Gugino. She plays Karen Corelli, who sleeps with Turk on a regular basis and demands to be treated roughly every time. There's a moment when she pressures Rooster for details about Turk beating up a suspect. Rooster, deciding to have a little fun, embellishes the story with outlandish descriptions, all of which Carla enjoys hearing. She felt the most genuine of all the characters in \\"Righteous Kill.\\" At times, she's highly assertive, while at other times, she's greatly fearful. She, like most of the characters, tries to make sense of the situation as best she can, which to me seemed authentic. While hardly an extraneous character, it probably would have been a good idea to give her more screen time.    As for everyone else, it would have been a good idea for screenwriter Russell Gewirtz and director Jon Avnet to develop them a bit more. \\"Righteous Kill\\" is hardly a terrible movie, but at the same time, it's hardly a good one. It quickly sucks the audience into a mystery that keeps building, and then it spits it out as soon as the mystery is solved. There's no sense of satisfaction leaving the theater; there's only a sense of apathy. What a shame the twist ending failed to be so surprising. What an even bigger shame that Robert De Niro and Al Pacino seemed so blas about their performances. Both are wonderful actors, so I'm not inclined to blame them for holding back when they shouldn't have. I'm much more inclined to blame the filmmakers, not only for steering them in the wrong direction, but also for crafting a lackluster story with a less than impressive plot twist. Clearly, I'm having trouble getting over it.
B00000K3CM|4.0|Home Alone 2: Lost in New York is more of the same from the first film. Culkin respires his role and does a good job at it and the chemistry between Daniel Stern and Joe Pesci is still great. Rob Schinder and Timmy Curry provide good supporting roles in this fun sequel
B000MTYZ00|5.0|Akira Kurosawa in 1954 issued this 3 hour film in black and white 9 years after the end of World War II which devoted the defeat of Japan.<br /><br />The director has an immense talent.<br /><br />It is the flag of Liberty, the spirit of resistance against injustice of an established disorder humiliating humanity. This man is a great promoter of the code of honor in the service of another, small, poor, weak, ultimately itself.<br /><br />What a superb talent he has!<br /><br />The story takes place in 16th century in Japan ravaged by civil war. A peasant village is regularly ransom. Having overheard a conversation between bandits, a villager reported to the village: the number of bandits in quarantine have decided to come back from looting after the rice harvest, a few weeks later.<br /><br />At the council meeting \\"City\\", the former is the word of a man loving freedom: \\"we will fight\\" against the diktat of the poor complaining \\"to be born (as a farmer) to suffer\\" .<br /><br />Freedom does sulfur point exceptions. The man is worthy. When his dignity was despised, martyred, then it has a duty to rebel.<br /><br />Begins the quest for warlords, samurai, needed to defend the village for the next raid.<br /><br />The excellence of tables outlining the differences in caste (peasant / samurai), age (old / young), love (the love scenes between the young samurai and a young peasant sensuality are a large poetry , Strong, tragic, moving); more, respect for traditions (including expressed in the battle between the samurai and a perfectionist gross) leaves to Life honored to explode barriers.<br /><br />This film is grandiose. John Sturges in 1960, copying the film in its \\"7 mercenaries\\" has not only depleted the \\"7 Samurai\\": he violated his message.<br /><br />Very great masterpiece. Immense talent. Outstanding message. One of the greatest war movies I've ever seen.
B00005JKC3|4.0|A lot of the ealry reviews had been complaining about the CGI work in The Hulk and now that movie has come out more people are complaining about how boring the movie is. I'll admit when I first find out they were making a Hulk movie I had my resverastions as soon as I found out there would no classic Marvel villain other than General Ross in the film, I would have loved to see Charles Dance or Alan Ruck play The Leader. So on opening day I mainly went to see the movie to see what Mr. Ang Lee could do with the direction and I was impressed. Lee's editing and split screen transations and wipes give the film a real comic book affect which is why the film impressed me so much. Eric Bana whose carrer I haven't really followed does well as Bruce Banner as do the always good Jennifer Connely and Sam Eillot. I think in the acting department though the film belongs to Nick Nolte as Bruce's father. I don't really see the film as a comic book movie for the fan boy but more of a thinking person's action movie which is a rarity this summer. I give the film *** stars.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Death Magnetic is pure, wonderful Metallica. It represents all that is great about them--meaning it not only re-captures the brilliance of their thrash days, but also successfully integrates weight of Black, Load and Re-Load. The album also manages to give us the raw emotion of St. Anger. They have solidified their position as the greatest metal band of all time.    Bow Down. Just bow down.
B00009RDG9|4.0|I walked into The Hunted expecting a action movie and that's what I got. William Fredkin has made one of his best action movies since The French Connenction and To Live & Die In LA. Tommy Lee Jones is in his top form as usual but for me Benicno Del Toro made the movie as a ruthless crazed vet. The film is full of intense action sequences and is pretty violent but if you're a action movie buff then you'll like it. Forget the story just sit back and enjoy the ride.
B000UJ48O0|5.0|The OC is a very captivating show because of its capacity to always surprise   its audience with unexpected plot twists. Characters are more developed than on most TV shows. It feels more real than other Teen TV because the teenagers lives are depicted as very much intertwined with the adults'. A great show to watch together with the family.
B0000B1OFL|4.0|The Italian Job was the thrid best movie I saw back in summer 2003. After the below par A Man Apart, F. Gary Gray redeems himself with this slick hesit film. The problem with Gray's last film was the script and given the right material Gray shows his talent as a director , hence his work in his previous films The Negotiator and Set It Off. The Italian Job sharp and witty written by Donna & Wayne Powers is a huge improvement over the previous film Valentine, the Powers duo get great performances out of everyone in the cast from the star Mark Wahlberg to Franky G. Walhberg and his team which consit of Mos Def, Seth Green and Jason Statham decide to reccuit Charlize Theron to bring the evil Ed Norton. The trailer pretty much gives away the plot of the film so I won't ruin it here but the film is a lot of fun and considering the lack of gun battle violence that's really suprising. Seth Green and Mos Def are real scene stealers as always and Wahlberg has great chemistry with everyone in the cast. My advice go see this movie and just have a good time.
031606792X|5.0|I just  love the  twilight saga  they are  the books that  I have read in along time she has you on the edge of your set  the hole time I mean after you  are done reading  you are still thinking about it . That is a great book.  But I did  just find out that she put her book Midnight sun on hold and that she might NEVER put it out I think that is the most terrible news . I have looked up every were to write to her and there is nothing  I hope she changes her mind and let Edward have his side come out. All I keep thinking we heard Bella's side lets hear Edwards let him have a voice of his own. I guess I am writing this on here thinking maybe she will see it and know how much her books means to us all.
B00006IUL7|4.0|Insomnia is already one of the best films of the year. Chris Nolan who brought has the excellent Memento follows up with this brilliant film. Al Pachino is great in the lead role but the scene stealer here is Robin Williams. When you see the film you'll know what I mean. I won't go into the plot all I'm saying is go see it
B000OVLBIU|3.0|Version: U.S.A / Region-A  Aspect ratio: 2.40:1  MPEG-4 AVC BD-50  Running time: 2:03:25  Movie size: 36,21 GB  Disc size: 49,86 GB  Average video bit rate: 26.72 Mbps  LPCM 5.1 4608Kbps (48kHz/16-bit) English  Dolby TrueHD 5.1 2781Kbps (48kHz/20-bit) English  Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround (640kbps) French    Subtitles: English SDH / English / French / Spanish / Chinese / Portuguese / Korean / Thai
076535618X|3.0|I liked the first of the series this book is the third in (Old Man's War) while thinking it a bit light. But the second (The Ghost Brigades) is wonderful - a well paced, plotted and interesting trip into the Universe introduced in Old Mans War.    But this third book doesn't live up to The Ghost Brigades. It's entertaining but not as creative or engaging and ends with a complete deus ex machina solution.
B00005UKKF|3.0|I watched this at a friends house. That Britney the lip synched was no surprise. What I didn't expect is that every song was lip synched! It's a shame really. There is a highlight though: The backup band (did they even play before?) is set free during an interlude, and they really funk it up bad! If they did this for an hour and put it on a DVD, I'd buy that.
B00110K62U|5.0|As a huge fan of Les Miserables since 1988, I was delighted to be able to inspire my wife to enjoy it as well. She enjoyed this dvd so much, she had to share it with her family. Some of the most talented performers of the musical are included in the concert including Colm Wilkinson who I had the privilege of seeing perfom in L.A. My wife really enjoyed seeing the segment that featured the actors who played Jean Valjean from around the world performing in a montage of a song. We both were thrilled to watch Lea Salonga, a personal favorite of both of ours, perform the role of Eponine. I would highly recommend the dvd to any fans of Les Miserables or any fans of Broadway shows.
B000URDEB0|5.0|Got posted as a kids review somehow, my mistake. here's my review again, as it should be<br /><br />I was given this cd as a gift. Orginally, i only liked Amaranth, and then, i decided to give the other songs a try. I'll name a few of my favorites.<br /><br />For an almost 14 miute long song, The Poet And The Pendulum was excellent! I put off listening to this one simply because it was so long. Now i know what I was missing. It's broken up into a few parts, but the parts fit together wonderfully, and the chorus links it all. The instruments and the vcals are just incredible<br /><br />After that, there's Amaranth, which is a interesting song to say the least! Its not a good as my personal favorite, 7 Days to the wolves, but its still a good song<br />Whoever Brings the night- really its the only song on this cd i don't listen to again and again. The songwriter seems to like the word whore in there.<br /><br />Eva, is simply beautiful, and sad. It breaks your heart.<br />For The Heart I Once Had-(may have the title confused) Another good one, something i could listen to over and over.<br /><br />Bye Bye Beautiful-i can dance to this, i love the male vocals on this one.<br /><br />7 Days to the Wolves- the male and female vocals together on this song are pretty cool. its a longer song(7 minutes) but the instrumental interlude is great.<br /><br />A very excellent band, and a wonderful cd. i loved it.
0767903862|4.0|First off I'd like to say that Bill Bryson is a very humorous and talented writer.  In a Sunburned Country is full of Bryson's humorous anectdotes and fluid --entertaining writing style.  The book is certainly worth purchasing just for the laughs it provides and the opportunity to experience Australia thru the eyes of a real travel pro.    The only criticism I have of the book is that sometimes I feel that Bryson is making some of his unique encounters up--or embellishing his anecdotes and stories with a good dose of bullocks.  But whatever his methods--I must admit that I loved the book and it has paved the way for me to make additional purchases of Bryson's travel books.
0312427999|5.0|If this is a place for reviews, can we stick to doing that? I read John's comments from 2007 with some annoyance because his entries weren't really reviews, but cross-talk commentaries that one might find on a political blog like the Huffington Post.  I don't want to know your economic views, John-- just give me a simple opinion on the book itself. BTW, I thought that the book was incredibly well-written, chock-full of information, very well-researched (check out the # of footnotes), and I will always consider it a prized resource in my personal library.
031606792X|5.0|It was exciting to see how the saga would end, but personally I feel that people overreacted to the book.  If anything, in some ways, it is better than the other books.  I guess it's all because you because know what to look for.<br /><br />The only  problem I had was that the happy couple seemed to be a bit too obsessed with sex for a book for young people.  I understand trying to make it realistic for a honeymooning couple, but at the same time you have to remember the audience and just delving into sex every few minutes because you don't have anything else to say can be so annoying.<br /><br />I loved Bella's power.  It was fitting for her.  It finally made her into a heroine, which was nice.  She didn't have to be taken care of anymore and could finally take care of the ones she loved.<br /><br />I know people had their issues about it and wanted her to be miserable, but is that really fair?  Should you really want someone to be completely miserable just because she started out that way?  Shouldn't her feelings get to improve over time?  Shouldn't she get a happy ending?
B00003CXTG|5.0|I can't believe the way all of you treat this WONDERFUL film. WELL TO HELL WITH ALL OF YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!YOU BETTER GET READY CAUSE HERE IT COMES. Pearl Harbor is one of the GREATEST films of all time.The acting is WONDERFUL. The special effects are...INCREDIBLE!!!!!The attack on pearl harbor...TERRIFYING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!And Ben Affleck... PERFECT  ACTOR!!!!!!!!!!!That's right,I ADMIT IT! I LOVE THIS FILM!!!!!!!!!!!AND TORA TORA TORA IS AN OLD OUTDATED PIECE OF JUNK!SO...HOW DOES THAT GRAB YA?
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Good enough album to go on tour and charge outrageous fees. My favorite from this album is the instrumental.  It sounds the cleanest from any of the other tracks.  I would rate the album as follows.    Guitar solos - 9 (Incredible)    Base - 8  (very good but distorted)  Vocals - 7  (He can still sing)  Lyrics - 6  (Some addictive lyrics, hard to tell what he's saying sometimes)  Drums - 10   (Lars, good luck playing those songs on tour)  Mix/Master - 2  (This guy screwed up the whole album)    Don't bother playing this CD on a high quality system, it will sound just as good in your grandma's Olds 88.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|The power of this band is shown again.    Sorry Jason but this guy rocks too!
B0001IN080|5.0|What a great CD!  CD came with a DVD containing his live performances overseas and here in the States.  This CD is almost always in my car, and if the walls of my car could talk, they'd tell you i'm no Michael Buble! LOL Oh well, I'll just have to enjoy this CD and the DVD. If you enjoy crooners like Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Tony Bennett, and Bobby Darin, or enjoy artists like Otis Redding, Perry Como, and Ella Fitzgerald, this CD is definitely for you!
B000KC5350|1.0|It was never adequately explained that this item was already included in the purchase of the Garmin portable GPS.  Within a couple days I returned it, unopened, with the mailing label provided by Amazon.com returns.  I've yet to receive a credit.    Additionally, the Garmin GPS was severely out of date.  My husband used it the first time, (it was a birthday present for him) SURPRISE!  He was out of town and couldn't find a restaurant that moved but had been in business for many years at the new location.      It's been a credit card nightmare.  I had to stop payment after spending 3 hours of my time trying to communicate online.
0061120073|5.0|Of all Brooklyn literature, \\"A Tree Grows in Brooklyn\\", has probably the most charm and magnetism for everyone, who reached for it at least once.<br /><br />The story of the Nolan family from Williamsburg, Brooklyn, comes to life in the book - and the novel is really heartfelt, very much because of simple, but poetic, suggestive and emotionally engaging language. Betty Smith managed to write a timeless piece, not only because of what she wrote about, but largely due to the lack of mannerisms and phrases fashionable in the 1940's, when she wrote \\"A Tree Grows in Brooklyn\\".<br /><br />Francie Nolan, a gifted girl who loves books and decides to be a writer (an alter ego of the author), who is 11 years old at the beginning of the book, is a daughter of Katie, a strong, pragmatic, honest, down-to-earth woman of Austrian descent, who supports her family being a cleaning lady, and Johnny, an Irish, heavy drinking romantic, earning some money now and then as a singing waiter. Francie has a year younger brother, Neely, and although the children are often hungry and cold, and try to earn money, selling scrap metal, they have the love of their parents, their own good nature, and a happy childhood as a result.<br /><br />The plot follows Francie from 11 to 16, when she goes to college, but also goes back in retrospective as far as the childhood and family lives of Katie and Johnny. Francie is at the center of the story, growing from a dreamy, shy child into a bright, imaginative woman. The lives of the Nolan nuclear family and numerous relatives and neighbors are described in a series of anecdotic pieces, which could make very good short stories, like snapshots of everyday life of the poor neighborhood, where people are resourceful and full of character. These stories, however, are masterfully tied together into this brilliant novel, which made me laugh and cry, moving me to the core, and teaching important lessons of the essence of humanity and American spirit.<br /><br />Betty Smith wrote a wonderful novel which will inspire generations to come, and immortalized the atmosphere of Brooklyn at the beginning of twentieth century. Thinking of this book simply as of \\"coming of age\\" novel does not do it justice - it is much more than that.l which will inspire generations to come, and immortalized the atmosphere of Brooklyn at the beginning of twentieth century. Thinking of this book simply as of \\"coming of age\\" novel does not do it justice - it is much more than that.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I just bought my copy yesterday from Best Buy and I am currently listening to the entire CD.  So far, the ol' school 80's of Metallica can be reminisce on this album.  The old school electric guitar metal thrashing, etc. is in here.  This makes it one of their best albums, though not THE best.  A must have for true Metallica fans.  Now my top three Metallica albums just become a top four:  Master of Puppets, Ride the Lightning, And Justice for All and now Death Magnetic.
B00005JMFQ|3.0|The start and end of the film takes place at Heathrow, where a montage of people being greeted by their loved ones is lent poignancy by the opening narration of Hugh Grant stating that all the known messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 airplanes were messages of love and not hate, and the closing song of the Beach Boys' God Only Knows. Also effective is the use of cameos in the film, most notably as dream babes such as Claudia Schiffer, Denise Richards, and Shannon Elizabeth make brief appearances in the airport as love interests for some of the diverse characters, who we see now have known each other in casual ways, each with different takes on love.<br />  Is Love Actually a film that will challenge you the way 2001: A Space Odyssey does? No. But it is a film whose well-written and acted characters and charm will stick in your mind long after their counterparts from lesser, schmaltzier films in its genre have faded.
B000LPS3B2|5.0|I'm always a big fan of original, asian horror movies.  This one did not dissapoint me at all.  It did surpass my expectations as it did come par up with Ju-On and Ringu.  Great job on this one.
B0001ZX0OW|2.0|It is a truism in the world of soap opera (the purest form of modern melodrama) that the characters must always do the dumbest possible thing to propel the story forward. While this is not egregious in melodrama, it is so in drama. Yet, a large portion of film today is pure melodrama. I think of highly lauded films like Michael Mann's Heat as melodrama incarnate.<br />  Another truism in regard to films is that actors turned directors tend to not be very good. Mel Gibson, Ron Howard, and Kevin Costner (Academy Award winners in direction) come to mind, as does Clint Eastwood (another Oscar winner). Perhaps the only actor-cum-director who has proven his chops artistically, though, is Woody Allen, although he was really a stand up comedian, not an actor. Actors tend to direct very ham-handedly, with static camera work, and no real sense of film's visual aspect, and even less skill at understanding what constitutes good story structure. Eastwood is very much in this vein. In his highly lauded Mystic River Eastwood shows that he has everything it takes to direct tv movies of the week, but not serious art. This film is larded with poorly framed scenes, bad lighting, very pedestrian angles, color-strained, as well as bad performances, a horridly unrealistic script, banal music, and too many red herrings.... There are some nice touches- like abused Dave's name drying half-finished in the cement, but they are too little in depth and too few. More often the script, by Brian Helgeland, merely allows wallowing for the actors, and denies them any real chance to show real emotion. Like the poor In The Bedroom, Mystic River had a chance to be an adult meditation on grief, rather than a plot reject from a 1970s cop tv show like Kojack or Starsky And Hutch.<br />  The basic problem is that most moviegoers simply do not understand nor appreciate good writing- everything is homogenized down into a lowest common denominator plot mulch. I've read other critics state that Eastwood is a jazzy director, in that he tends to just riff. Well, maybe so in other films but in this one he's at his Director's 101 worst. The film is dull and predictable, and the acting is forgettable- certainly not indelible. You know this when there is nothing unique about a performance and any other actor could have pulled off the part. So it is with the three main characters.ector, in that he tends to just riff. Well, maybe so in other films but in this one he's at his Director's 101 worst. The film is dull and predictable, and the acting is forgettable- certainly not indelible. You know this when there is nothing unique about a performance and any other actor could have pulled off the part. So it is with the three main characters.
B0007KS7D0|5.0|I had Nikon screw on lenses and lost them, so I decided to get this lens.  Although it is not quite as classy looking as they were and the diameter is less, this lens can take some very sharp pictures, and is strong enough to use at partial zoom and still get great results.  I would recommend this lens to anyone wishing to get an easy to use macro lens for a point and shoot zoom camera.  Note, I do use an adapter and do not attach this to my lens directly.
B00011RPB0|2.0|All men recall a woman from their past that sticks in their mind, not as some drop dead gorgeous goddess nor as some hideous dog that made them want to retch, but simply because they were in some way, however minor, interesting. That interestingness may have been their looks, their quirks, their persona, or some indefinable `otherness'. Well, that's what the film Lost In Translation is- it's not a bad film, nor nearly as good as its reputation proclaims, but it is unlike just about any other Hollywood or indie film to come down the pike in the last few decades.<br />  That it was nominated for and won a screenwriting Oscar for director Sofia Coppola is just plain silly since the film's resonance and character creation comes from its visual images, not its too spare writing. An aging, former American film star named Bob Harris (Bill Murray) comes to Tokyo to film an ad for a brand of scotch. Like many American film stars in real life who refuse such stateside, lest oddly believe they'll dampen their credibility as actors, he accepts the enormous sum the Japanese sponsors offer him- $2 million- for a week or so's work. There he meets the Gen Y wife of a hip young photographer named Charlotte (Scarlett Johansson). They have little in common save their shared loneliness and insomnia when Charlotte's husband John (Giovanni Ribisi) goes off for a few days on a shoot. Charlotte is a typically aimless young soul who peripatetically bounces between wanting to write or photograph, & seeking an outlet for her philosophy degree from Yale, while Bob is a lethargic middle aged man who's not so much in crisis mode as he is in ennui to the cosmos.... Still, as stated, the movie's visuals are its real charm- the scenes of Tokyo's night life, neon, the odd angles that Charlotte looks down upon life from in her hotel room, and especially a beautifully filmed, yet hauntingly lonely shot of Bob playing golf in the foreground of Mount Fuji, add almost enough poetic resonance to the characters that the script lacks to pull off a viewer's belief in their romance. Sofia's brother made a far superior film a few years ago that dealt with many of the same themes of alienation. CQ, for whatever reasons, did not seem to strike a chord the way Lost In Translation did. The reason for that is probably because CQ was not as `serious' an art film as Translation.rs that the script lacks to pull off a viewer's belief in their romance. Sofia's brother made a far superior film a few years ago that dealt with many of the same themes of alienation. CQ, for whatever reasons, did not seem to strike a chord the way Lost In Translation did. The reason for that is probably because CQ was not as `serious' an art film as Translation.
0375704027|4.0|This novel is earthy, romantic, sad and very occasionally dull, for after all the protagonist is often bored and lonely.  He has few friendships, but those he has, with one exception, are very strong.  He has a very strong moral sense, and deep skepticism of the values of the majority of other college students around him.  He is delightfully honest.     The novel is well written.  What struck me is that while written in the autobiographical style, dialogue is very important, and in fact you sometimes learn important things about the protagonist through dialogue first:  (stop if you haven't read book) how much he is in love with Midori, and just how much self discipline it takes to go through the day and remain active.  This is quite realistic, as conversation often gives us insight into ourselves.     As an interesting aside with some relevance, Barack Obama's two years attending Columbia University were spent in relative isolation with few friends (source, Wall Street Journal editorial, Sept 11, which was actually objective).
B00014X8KO|3.0|I had long suspected that the American geeky infatuation with Japanese animation (aka Japanimation or anime) stemmed from the same impulses that veered Western Intellectuals into the Eastern Mystical religions. To me, anime was merely the new name for the poorly animated cartoons that proliferated in this country back in the 1960s wave of cartoons that began with such fare as Gigantor the Space Age Robot, Kimba the White Lion, & Speed Racer. By the 80s & 90s the filmic equivalents had spawned such `classics' like Akira, & Princess Mononoke. I was wrong.... it is heartening to see a film of such daring, even when it fails, getting made & released in Japan, as well frustrating to note that no American animators would dare pick up the gauntlet this film drops- opting instead for numbingly simpleminded Disney fare, which is far more like the watered down Mysticism I expected from this anime film. Instances like this are those times I love being proved wrong. In fact, I only hope my artistic presumptions are more routinely proved wrong. I strongly recommend this DVD to both hardcore anime buffs & mere filmic afficionados. I doubt you will be disappointed.
B000YABIQ6|3.0|In some of the Hype for this show the Sopranos is mentioned, do not rate this show as anything like or as good as Sopranos, it is OK, watchable, and how it won so many awards I am not sure about.    Anyway; The opening title sequence features credits superimposed over a graphic animation of a business man falling from a height, surrounded by skyscrapers with reflections of period advertising posters and billboards, accompanied by a short edit of the instrumental \\"A Beautiful Mine\\" by Aceyalone and RJD2. The titles pay homage to graphic designer Saul Bass's skyscraper filled opening titles for Alfred Hitchcock's North by Northwest (1959) and falling man movie poster for Vertigo (1958) - Weiner has listed Hitchcock as a major influence on the visual style of the series.    I was not impressed with the openining titles even knowing the above, it just for me did not fit in with era, and watching the 1st 2 episodes does not compliment it in anyway, it looks cheap.    Don Draper(Jon Hamm) and Peggy Olson (Elisabeth Moss aka Zoey Bartlet The West Wing) carry the first 2 episodes.  Elisabeth you were so good and sexy in The West Wing, were you hard up to be in this.    Its OK, but its not up there with The Sopranos, The West Wing and all the other great DVD TV packages flying out now.
B0001ADAVK|2.0|The only reason I can honestly say that this film is not as bad as, say, Saving Private Ryan or Titanic or From Hell is simple- the babes are cute as hell- Maggie Gyllenhaal is always sexy in a sly way, Kirsten Dunst does aptly portray the 1950s type whose bodice needs ripping & bosom needs suckling, & Julia Stiles has an eerie porcelain-like perfection, almost preternaturally perfected, that makes her mesmerizing to watch. &, hey, JR is not the best actress on the planet, but her goofy good looks are not punition. I would like to see stars like her wield & flex their power to improve rancid scripts like this. Hopefully the younger babes, if they become stars, will do just that- & ironically learn real lessons from this film that are not contained within. I can only guess JR actually likes clich&eacute;d wannabe tear-jerkers, or she lacks the ability to see 1 when she reads it. Either way, take a pass, & try reading  anything for 2 hours.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|This Pooper-scooper Should Have Been Named Death To Metallica!  I told myself I would not buy it. I did not want to hear my beloved pre-Sandman and now hackneyed and out-of-touch Metallica pull out another pooch. But I caved the second day it was on the store shelves. I wanted to listen to the new album with fresh ears and an open mind. But, ah, predictably, Death Metallic opens with the slow beating of a heart- perchance the waning pulse of Metallica's cold-handed-cash-grab attempt-of-an-album. I mean, man, what can you do but listen and just hang your head in sorrow of what was the definitive metal band of all-time turned from Rottweiler to Droopy (not Snoopy but actually that loser Droopy, Google it!) Have they been listening to any of the metal from Europe, Asia, and even South America? These other bands are light years beyond anything so-called Death Metallic. And what a dumb name for an album! I could have crapped out a better one. I'm only at the beginning of the 4th track and I'm already annoyed that I wasted my dough on this now new frisbee for my girlfriend's retarded dogs. Hetfield's lyrics and voice- double yawn! Guitar riffs and solos sounding left over from the cutting floor of the Puppets, Justice, and Black albums- triple yawns all around. Metallica needed to make THE ALBUM, the one that destroyed all comers- north, south, east, west. But what we really have here people...is a failure to communicate. Some bands just don't grow old gracefully. They just plop plop plop along taking your money gleefully knowing they each have their kids' college funds all ready before they even finish kindergarten. Don't waste a dime on this...let it rust in peace while we all listen to sounds from the other side of the globe. Get the new Jorn album \\"Lonely Are The Brave\\" or any Primal Fear album. These shalt not disappoint!-David J Newman 9/13/08
B00005JKGO|5.0|La Dolce Vita (The Sweet Life), as ironic a title as has ever been used in motion picture history, Federico Fellini's 1960 film commentary on modern hedonism and anomy, and filmed in 1959 in Rome, may just be the best film in his canon, for it combines the Neo-Realism of earlier classics like La Strada and Nights Of Cabiria, while admixing some of the surreal touches of his later classics. Plus, it is the best written and most ambitious of his films. In many ways, its lead star, Marcello Mastroianni, would play a similar version of this film's lead character, gossip journalist Marcello Rubini, in Michelangelo Antonioni's La Notte (The Night), which followed the travails of a marriage over a single night. While this film does not follow a marriage, it does follow Marcello's personal travails over the course of a week full of nights and early mornings- although not necessarily in that order. Otherwise it may have been better titled La Settimana (The Week), or La Vuoto Vita (The Empty Life).<br />  This film is often coupled with its immediate successor film, 8, and usually compared to negatively by most critics. It's the superior film, however, because, despite being even a bit longer, at just about five minutes short of three full hours, there is not any of the fat that could be trimmed from 8. The later film is also a more personalized Fellini romp, and while some scenes may have biographical import to Fellini and film scholars, they do not work in service to the narrative within that film. La Dolce Vita, however, has no such fat, and, indeed, could have gone on a bit longer without feeling the least bit tedious, for Fellini employs the same picaresque narrative techniques he did in earlier films. In essence, instead of one long nearly three hour film the viewer is watching a series of seven or so twenty to thirty minute long short films with just one recurring character.<br />  This also allows for a good reason to justify why Marcello's character does not grow internally. He is the eternal troubadour, a modern emotionless Odysseus, flouncing about from one meaningless encounter to the next. That does not mean there are not moments of true depth and insight, and critics who have accused the film of being void of any deeper psychology are just plain wrong. Because someone is shallow does not mean that there is no reason beneath that faade, it just means there's not much beneath the faade- and that can be explained if one really pays attention to the film. In the film's commentary, critic Richard Schickel notes that film critic Alfred Bazin claimed that all of the characters in the film are simply behaviorist paradigms, without any internal motivations. Yet, we see far too many scenes that contradict this stance- one senses motivated by politics rather than art, and because one simply cannot delink one from the other. Behavior is caused by motivation, and scenes we see of Marcello with other minor characters- Maddalena, Emma, Sylvia, Paparazzo, his father, Steiner, Paola- clearly sketch in much of the man's background before the film starts.... The film's screenplay, written by Fellini with Ennio Flaiano, is impressive, not just for its written brilliance, but for the boundaries it pushed open for film as an art form. Nino Rota, as usual, provides a superb musical score. Perhaps only the Alfred Hitchcock and Bernard Herrmann pairing equals the contributions of Fellini and Rota in creating memorable film scores. The art direction by Piero Gherardi, and cinematography by Otello Martelli, are all top notch, as well. The acting is first rate. Marcello Mastroianni went from a second tier Italian film star to an international sensation on the heels of his performance, and Anita Ekberg became one of the top pinup girls of the 1960s. Granted, her acting is not much, but the other females in the film are top notch, and all the supporting cast do well- especially Alain Cluny as Steiner and Annibale Ninchi as Marcello's father. Thankfully, the film's original producer, Dino de Laurentiis, didn't get his way and force Paul Newman into the lead role, for Mastroianni has a facile quality that the steely glare of Newman could never convey....Some believe that the seven days and nights of the film correspond to the seven hills of Rome or the Seven Deadly Sins. That is not really of import, for great art is never so easily and simply parsed. Whatever the reality is, the fact is that there's never been a better film about the anomy of the human condition- and it's not just modernity under scrutiny, for clearly Fellini shows that the pilgrims at the Madonna sighting, are as lost as any of the modern glitterati, thus implying it is endemic to the human condition, and reflected in the very picaresque structure of the film. La Dolce Vita is one of the great works of art by one of the greatest artists of the last century, and in that statement, there's not a hint of irony., the film's original producer, Dino de Laurentiis, didn't get his way and force Paul Newman into the lead role, for Mastroianni has a facile quality that the steely glare of Newman could never convey....Some believe that the seven days and nights of the film correspond to the seven hills of Rome or the Seven Deadly Sins. That is not really of import, for great art is never so easily and simply parsed. Whatever the reality is, the fact is that there's never been a better film about the anomy of the human condition- and it's not just modernity under scrutiny, for clearly Fellini shows that the pilgrims at the Madonna sighting, are as lost as any of the modern glitterati, thus implying it is endemic to the human condition, and reflected in the very picaresque structure of the film. La Dolce Vita is one of the great works of art by one of the greatest artists of the last century, and in that statement, there's not a hint of irony.
0786939532|4.0|Some of the (relatively few) negative reviews of this series on Amazon feel that the premise--a dark elf who just happens to have human values leaves his bad, bad world behind--is too contrived.  However, I don't think an attentive reading of the first book supports that view.  It's oversimplifying too much and ignores important details.      First, Drizzt was NOT the first one to question the values of the drow; he was the first to LEAVE drow society because of his refusal to compromise with it.  Zaknafein felt nothing but contempt for Menzoberranzan (see his monologue after the battle with House DeVir), and he channeled his contempt for drow society into a love of killing those who reveled in it.  Yet Zak ultimately still contributed to the system he hated, while Drizzt chose to leave a world he couldn't fix behind and face the unknown rather than be part of something he considered evil.  Pretty heroic, I think.  We all could learn something from Drizzt.      Second, while many drow are definitely evil, it isn't true that all of them are or that they are evil innately.  Zak clearly cared for Drizzt's welfare--for one obvious reason, but especially because he sees in Drizzt the same disrespect for drow rules as he has.  Vierna, Drizzt's older sister who first raises him, has moments of sympathy and even admiration for Drizzt.  Of course, her cultural conditioning kicks in and she feels guilty for such tenderness--whipping the boy for inspiring such feelings in her.  Yet clearly some drow other than Drizzt were at odds with or at least ambivalent about dark elf society, and that makes Menzoberranzan a more complex place than some readers have assumed it to be.      Yes, Drizzt's values do happen to coincide with our own.  But think like an author for a second: if Drizzt didn't have \\"human\\" values, would readers be able to relate to him at all?  Could we cheer for Drizzt if he showed any hint of the traitorous and sneaky nature of his kindred?  For Drizzt to be a hero to us humans reading the book, we have to be able to admire his actions.  Sure, there may be some people out there who admire cunning, ruthless people who cut down their enemies with intrigue; but the huge following that Drizzt has seems to suggest that most of us would prefer such conniving people to be cut down with two sharp scimitars.    Here's to 20 years of Drizzt Do'Urden.  Thank you, Bob Salvatore.
0316066524|1.0|Infinite Jest, by David Foster Wallace, is the worst science fiction novel ever written. The truth is it might be the worst novel ever written, or at least published, but given the fact that Wallace has stiff competition from the burgeoning spawn of PC Elitist writers, not to mention his own PoMo kith, such as Rick Moody, Dave Eggers, and that ilk, I think I'll stick with just calling it the worst sci fi has ever produced. Granted, I am not one who has read all the depth of sci fi offerings, but I've read enough to know that this so far undershoots the rest that by mere extrapolation it would be a titanic achievement for another author to do worse. Yes, there are the sword and sorcerer riff-raff, the cyber-punk crapola, and the remanent dross of the Golden and Silver Ages of sci fi still hanging around, and even those who've produced masterpieces, such as Richard Matheson and Ursula LeGuin, have been known to write horrorshow books in terms of quality, but this dystopian novel by Wallace is worse than them all. His book, only a decade old, is more outdated than many Golden and Silver Age sci fi books specifically because of his slang's sounding as relevant as John Dryden's courtly verse....The novel clocks in at 981 pages, with over a hundred pages of notes that serve no purpose, reference nothing in the book, which is footnoted, and are filled with nonsense and faux information, with a small dab of the real tossed in. This is the T.S. Eliot Effect. At least, now I know where Dave Eggers ripped off his garbage that ends his wretched A Heartbreaking Work Of Staggering Genius. By that rationale, one might say Eggers novel-cum-autobiography is worse than Wallace's tome, until one gets to the fact that Wallace's monstrosity is about two and a half times as long, considering it's larger page format and smaller type. Let's see; Eggers' crap is how many pages, to Wallace's? Do the math and times-  Oh, well, I guess that equation was unnecessary- sort of like this book blurbs on the book's cover claim its descent from Finnegans Wake by James Joyce, but while that book is poseur crap, as well, there is, at least a love of wordplay, poesy, alliteration, and plot machinations, despite its ill construction. Infinite Jest lacks even these few meager pluses. In short, if Finnegans Wake was a rancid fart that was proudly left to rip, Infinite Jest is a weak one, lacking sound and odor....It's not that Infinite Jest does not obey traditional norms, it's just that it disobeys them poorly, and offers no alternatives of quality. Apologists will say that `Those who think it's bad writing simply do not get it.' Wrong, it's gotten, very easily, and seen through quite well, as most poseur crap is. It's just that what's there is not worth the getting. Infinite Jest, in that sense, is a very easy read, almost as light and gay as Victor Hugo's Les Miserables, which is even longer. And while that classic is not a great book, it's a damned sight better, as well as more narratively daring than this book. A thousand page shrug of the shoulder simply is not `innovation', but sloth. The fact is that all I have read of the book's provenance suggests its legendry is true, that Wallace turned in over three thousand pages worth of spew, got an editor to whittle it down to two thousand pages for a first draft, and then to just under a thousand it stands at. But, other than cutting, what exactly did Wallace's editor do? Yet, all Wallace worried over, in his final draft, and proofs, supposedly, was not the tale, but the typos. Quoth the dude: `There were about 712,000 typos, and I freaked.' Gee willikers, Davey! I guess his editor couldn't even accomplish a professional proofreading.<br />  Even the book's worst (or best) apologists cannot excuse the book's ending, which simply ends, and not circularly like Finnegans Wake. It just ends, after having devolved from a pointless and vacuous dystopian novel to a collection of disjunct pseudo-intellectual preenings. But,what's worse? Such preenings, or the vapid characterizations that go nowhere? Wallace simply is not a good writer- from the level of image-making, to sentence construction, to overall narrative arcs. His logorrhetic writing is banal and sterile on all levels. In short, he fails fractally. Yet, he remains an ink blot for talentless hipoisie wannabe writers to measure themselves against. They ask, `I know I can write a bunch of crap as badly as this, so why can't I be the next big thing?' And they're right. Wallace represents not even style over substance, but mere hype. The book's language does nothing, except raise solipsism and shaggy dog stories to an art- maybe....unless the whole book is a hoax. But that would mean that there are plenty of hoaxers out there, and even more gullible fools willing to finance the hoaxes upon themselves....He and this book are simply silly, and a waste of pulp. Worse, he utterly disdains readers and their intelligence, and wasted seven hours of my life. Time will bury him and his ilk- the dirt's already flying, but let me add to it. If novels like Leo Tolstoy's War And Peace and Les Miserables can be abridged, so can this piece of crap. Let me suggest a haiku:<br /><br />Infinite Jest shows<br />David Foster Wallace sucks<br />really, really bad.<br /><br />  Is that dirty enough?what's worse? Such preenings, or the vapid characterizations that go nowhere? Wallace simply is not a good writer- from the level of image-making, to sentence construction, to overall narrative arcs. His logorrhetic writing is banal and sterile on all levels. In short, he fails fractally. Yet, he remains an ink blot for talentless hipoisie wannabe writers to measure themselves against. They ask, `I know I can write a bunch of crap as badly as this, so why can't I be the next big thing?' And they're right. Wallace represents not even style over substance, but mere hype. The book's language does nothing, except raise solipsism and shaggy dog stories to an art- maybe....unless the whole book is a hoax. But that would mean that there are plenty of hoaxers out there, and even more gullible fools willing to finance the hoaxes upon themselves....He and this book are simply silly, and a waste of pulp. Worse, he utterly disdains readers and their intelligence, and wasted seven hours of my life. Time will bury him and his ilk- the dirt's already flying, but let me add to it. If novels like Leo Tolstoy's War And Peace and Les Miserables can be abridged, so can this piece of crap. Let me suggest a haiku:      Infinite Jest shows  David Foster Wallace sucks  really, really bad.        Is that dirty enough?
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|It is a great CD. The music keeps ringing in my head with its unusual beats and rhythm. While it certainly has Coldplay trademark, it is such a fresh experience. Highly recommended.
B000008H4E|4.0|overall i'm a huge classic rock fan (beatles, who, zep, floyd, etc...) but i also love moody,sweeping, symphonic new agey music. i know this is not considered a vangelis solo effort, but it is my favorite vangelis work. i'm also a huge yes and jon anderson fan so the combination of the both of them together is a dream team.(at one point in time vangelis was asked to join yes) some may consider the electronics on this album to sound dated, but i love it from top to bottom. like most of vangelis's works this is very dreamy and atmospheric with a little bit of an edge, and add to that the angelic lead vocals of jon anderson then you have a winning combination. my favorite songs from it are \\"curious electric\\" and \\"the road\\". if you're a fan of either artist you will certainly enjoy this album. thanks.
B000002LBH|5.0|If you only feel you need one \\"The Smiths\\" album, it would be this compilation.  Sure, if you absolutely ADORE The Smiths as much as I do, you NEED their four studio albums, but Louder Than Bombs (if you had to have one studio album, it would be The Queen Is Dead) is an excellent achievement with a ton of essential material.  In my opinion, it is way better than Hatful of Hollow, as it has around half of the best from that album here, and the tracks that you can't find anywhere else are eons better than the exclusives on Hatful.  So The Queen Is Dead is definitely the album to get over Hatful.  I agree with others that this album is pretty much a toy store for anyone who loves The Smiths, with around 70 minutes of musical bliss, a true hour's worth of timeless music from The Smiths.<br /><br />One thing that has always astonished me is how so many different moods and styles are able to coexist in the Smiths catalog, and LTBs proves it in its run time.  Given just how inconceivably good this band is, the ability to write so many amazing songs in such a short time, is a testament to the songwriting team of Marr/Morrissey.  This compilation runs the gamut through much of their career and their willingness to expand their sound, and the compilation never sounds it's repeating itself.  From their first album (Hand In Glove) to the orchestrated and full sound of the Strangeways years (Sheila Take A Bow), variety in a Smiths record is always present.  Needless to say, there is a surprise at every turn.<br /><br />Picking highlights is tough, as I love almost every song on here.  Hell I even love Golden Lights, a song I feel that no other Smiths fan besides me loves.  However, there are some songs here that are incredibly memorable, that it's almost boggling as to how they even were able to create such melodic, lively, irresistible music.  In particular, the marvelous Ask is one of their best songs ever, having some of the sweetest, jangliest, melodies with a great rhythm section that will get you dancing in no time.  Speaking of excellent rhythm sections, how about the vastly underrated The Night Has Opened My Eyes, with one of the most memorable bass lines Rourke ever wrote?  Oh, and William, It was Really Nothing is the BEST jangle pop guitar song ever recorded.  Is It Really So Strange is absolutely pop perfection.  London is one of the loudest songs they ever recorded, with Johnny Marr moving away from his usual ringing jangle guitars, instead focusing on this incredibly abrasive and dissonant guitar line that wouldn't sound too out of place on a Sonic Youth Record.<br /><br />Elsewhere, Half A Person is the subdue Smiths at their best, with gorgeous vocals and equally gorgeous guitars.  You Just Haven't Earned It Baby will have you striking your own Morrissey poses in front of the mirror (mine aren't pretty).  But the best song on the record has to be Sheila Take A Bow, an absolute classic that has to be one of my favorite Smiths songs ever.  It makes you want to waltz, sing, dance, and grab a sharp stick and dance `round the boulevard.  The chorus is one of the best things the Smiths ever recorded, a deliriously infectious refrain of \\"La la La's\\" with a twinkling piano punctuating everything.<br /><br />Yeah, there is a song I'm not too particularly fond of, that being the bland Oscillate Wildly.  The painfully ordinary These Things Take Time is a good song, and that's all it is.  Everything else is essential A-list material, right from the infectious beginning to Asleep, which is either devastating or awakening in its ability to portray the end.<br /><br />No Smiths fans should be without this one.  The Smiths are one of those bands that, once you discover, you can't put them down.  They really are that addicting.  I swear I've lost so much sleep this past semester staying up WAY too late listening to my favorite Smiths songs five times in a row for each one.  Needless to say, I'm writing this right now listening to my favorite Smiths songs.  As a matter of fact, I'm off to listen to more Smiths, even though it's around 3 AM.  IF you haven't got it yet, you NEED!listen to more Smiths, even though it's around 3 AM.  IF you haven't got it yet, you NEED!
B0000E6XH3|5.0|This is a great movie. This movie is so amazing that it has no need for words. And there are no words. The music is from the Daft Punk Discovery album. It is all animated and is a good investment for any music lover of Daft Punk.
0316776963|4.0|This was a great book, but I've been looking for something that stacks up to Burrough's Dry.  I loved this collection of essays that took on a biography like feel.  He left me hanging on to my seat wanting more, but kept me interested all-the-while.  I would recommend this book, but the library may be the best place to get this one because you will be done with it in a couple of hours.  Having been my first Sedaris book, I look forward to a couple more.
B0015OKWL2|3.0|This was a pretty good cop film. Turk and Rooster have been partners for 30 years, then some killings happen in the same way a killer had done a few years back and Turk and Rooster stopped him. Now, they must figure out if it's a serial killer, or a cop turned dirty. If you like cop dramas, Al Pacino, and Robert De Niro, you'll like RIGHTEOUS KILL!!!
031606792X|4.0|SPOILER ALERT    I will admit to being on the \\"older\\" end of Meyer's intended audience, and I jumped on the Twilight bandwagon just a few short weeks ago.  I did not have to wait with anticipation for the release of Breaking Dawn, so maybe reviewers who did have to wait were disappointed.  However, I found the book much darker and suspenseful than the earlier three, and I completely enjoyed it!    The character of Bella does not have to be an example of feminism--why can't there be a young woman who decides to get married?  She admits in these books that she's not thrilled with the idea of getting married, anyway, but she's concerned about being older compared to Edward.  It's a perfectly valid concern:  she didn't want to look like a \\"cougar\\"!  :)    The neat and tidy ending was a little disappointing, but what would you expect?  If anyone had died it would have been so tragic (we already saw how painful it was when they were separated before) it would have left me empty.  But I felt...I don't know...hopeful.  Edward and Bella are IN LOVE.  It's a fantastic, unrealistic, unbelievable kind of love, but the whole story is unbelievable.  We're talking about vampires here!      I say, unclench, and enjoy the book for what it is:  a romantic love story with a few conflicts thrown in for good measure.  Buy the book and don't be too cynical.    And Stephenie, if you're reading this:  PLEASE finish Midnight Sun!  It's not fair to take it away like this.  :)
B000HGA5PM|2.0|This is certainly a great video, but this is NOT an official one. This can be easily obtained through sharing groups and sites through the interet.
031606792X|1.0|This book was just painfully awful. I only finished it to find out how the story ended (though it wasn't a surprise).  Take my advice, if you HAVE to read it-don't spend your money-check it out of the library or borrow it from someone.
0670020745|5.0|Dr. Taylor amazing story has been adequately covered in over 90 reviews.  I would like to suggest an educational aspect of her story, that is, that we can control our thoughts (including our anger) to our great advantage.    From the editorial questions for Jill Taylor:    \\"It took only 90 seconds for me to have an emotional circuit triggered, flush a physiological response through my body and then flush completely out of me.  We can all learn that we can take full responsibility for what thoughts we are thinking and what emotional circuitry we are feeling.  Knowing this and acting on this can lead us into feeling a wonderful sense of well-being and peacefulness.\\"    In her book she refers to \\"brain chatter.\\"  The brain is constantly evaluating the current situation and recommending some course of action.  We generally act on these suggestions without making a decision relative to selection or disregarding of the thought.    For example, I have found this knowledge of thought selection so valuable particularly with respect to anger.  Now, when I become angry and want to retaliate I realize that I can decide whether I want to \\"go there.\\"  I let the 90 seconds past and let it flush out of my system.  A sense of well-being and peacefulness indeed.    I recommend that any reader go to Dr. Taylor's website and review her amazing 18 minute video of her of presentation to the TED conference.
B000N2HCM4|5.0|I am a 63 year old mother of four.  I started reading this book because my youngest daughter urged me t.o.  Also I voted for Hillary in the primary and wanted to know more about the man who beat her.  I was by turns touched frightened fascinated and healed.  Even though I am a white woman his story reminded me of my own experience with disenfranchisement guilt and purposelessness.  In critiquing his writing I must say he managed the right mix of storytelling and reflection like my favorite books of meditations.  In fact I may use the book in that way once I figure out some of th Kindle highlighting and footnote features.  Many of his stories struck a chord.  His mothers words are words Ive heard from my own parents and used on my own children.  His reckless escapades recall my own childhood and my childrens.  His feelings about white power structures remind me of arguments with black friends in the sixties.  I thought I got it then but now thanks to this book I know I did not.  I thank the author for sharing his painful journey from cynicism and near despair to understanding and hope. I am next going to read how he plans to turn his hopes for our ailing society and economy into reality.  I recommend this book to anyone of any race or culture who seeks to understand a difficult or absent parent.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|I can watch this film over & over - simply a joy to watch.<br /><br />The acting is great all around, but especially the \\"operative\\" Chiwetel Ejiofor (a world-class actor, best known for [[ASIN:B0011HOEY4 American Gangster]] and another terrific yet underrated sci-fi movie, [[ASIN:B000N6TX1I Children of Men]]).<br /><br />The script is great - a well-rounded story, very fun. It's witty, and the special effects are great. And, it's got a progressive theme, reminiscent of some of the US government experiments performed on our own citizens (if you're not aware, by the way, about DU/depleted uranium weapons, their use in Iraq, and the Gulf War Syndrome, I'd encourage you to google it ... very similar to the plot in this film). Another friend pointed out the similarity between this plot and the Fluoride added to our water supply - a known poisonous toxin and carcinogen, but contains properties which make us fat, lazy, and docile.<br /><br />Anyway, it's hard for me to believe this came from the same guy who brought us Buffy. The Firefly series was great, too, but actually the movie had a bit more depth, and develops River's character a bit better.<br /><br />It is a bit formulaic in parts, but it departs enough from the mainstream to make it a breath of fresh air. Wish there were more movies like it, and I'm hoping for sequel. 5 full stars.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|I have been a fan of Donna Summer since 1978.  I have enjoyed her period of super stardom, and I have endured her descent from the charts due to radio not continuing to play her music due to her disco stigma.  I have always looked forward to a new Donna Summer album, and I have never been let down.  From her years at Geffen records in the 80's to floundering between labels in the 90's she has continued to put out music that was relevant and current.  She never felt he need to redo Bad Girls, or make a carbon copy of Last Dance.  I cannot understand the confusion around her latest release, Crayons. The notion that she is trying to sound like a teeny bopper are insane.  She is doing nothing different than she always does...make a current dance album that is true to herself.  The only difference is its been 17 years since the last one.  If you purchase this CD, you will not be let down.  From start to finish it is a true classic, and very enjoyable.  If you pine for the 70's, pick up one of her various greatest hits collections....If you want to hear some great contemporary dance music and ballads...buy this.  You wont be dissapointed.
B000QQH4YS|4.0|In the near-future Detroit becomes so plagued by crime that the police resort to Robocop (Peter Weller), a cyborg police officer, in order to clean up the streets. However, Robocop, who has the mind of a human police officer who was killed in the line of duty, is plagued by nightmares of his death and is compelled to seek out the men who \\"killed\\" him and avenge his own death.<br /><br />After watching \\"Robocop\\", I mentioned it to a friend of mine, who told me that he had never really wanted to see this film because he always thought it looked kind of ridiculous. To be honest, up until a week ago, that's exactly how I felt about it too. However, after recently watching \\"Starship Troopers\\" and falling madly in love with it, I found myself seeking out other films directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Ed Neumeier, no matter how bad they might seem, which inevitably led me to their earlier collaboration \\"Robocop\\".<br /><br />Yes, \\"Robocop\\" is a ridiculous film, but that's the whole point of it. \\"Robocop\\" is a far-fetched and ultra-violent satire of law-enforcement and I thoroughly enjoyed watching it. Between \\"Robocop\\" and \\"Starship Troopers\\", Paul Verhoeven is rapidly ascending the list of my favourite directors. He is an A-list director who takes B-grade material and turns it into grade-A final product. What is not to admire about this man? (OK, I have haven't seen \\"Showgirls\\", but I suspect that would answer my question).<br /><br />\\"Robocop\\" is an incredibly violent film (even more so if you watch the director's cut), which may upset some viewers, but to me the violence just added to the fun. It's not disturbing or disgusting, it's just over-the-top and adds to the satire. If you're the sort of person who considers over-the-top violence to be an acceptable form of entertainment, then you'll love \\"Robocop\\".
B0016CQCMQ|2.0|First of all I want to say that I love most of what Jack White has released, and also Broken Boy Soldiers is one of my favorite albums in my collection.    I've listened to this album in it's entirety about 10-15 times, and I'm done trying to like it, it's just plain boring.  It starts out strong and gets worse and worse with every song.  It does have some interesting parts, some things musically I have never heard before, and it is all right compared to other music out there right now, but to me it's a failure.  The upbeat songs sound like they're trying to rock out, but aren't hard enough to be powerful, they comes off weak and monotonous.  The slow songs just drag by.    It seems to me Raconteurs (and Jack White's other work as well) sound the worst when they try to do country western, mediocre on the mariachi influenced songs, and best when they do experimental rock/blues.    The title track is killer, though.. It also happens to be the only track that sounds like it could have been on Broken Boy Soldiers.  B.B.S. blows my away every time I listen to it, I even have to cut myself off from it so I don't get sick of it.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Metallica makes their long awaited return with Death Magnetic. It is definitely the Metallica album that longtime fans like myself has been waiting to hear for the last few years. Without question Metallica has returned to their roots on Death Magnetic with the long songs and plenty of great guitar solos from Kirk. They sound very rejuvenated throughout the album. At the same time their music has an element of newness, thanks to Robert and the great Rick Rubin, that helps update their sound and showcases the band`s rejuvenation. The only fault i can find with Death Magnetic is that Suicide & Redemption, while a great instrumental, doesn`t have the great extended guitar solos of classic Metallica instrumentals like Orion and Call of Ktulu. Other than that, Death Magnetic is the best Metallica album in years. As for whether it ranks with their classic albums like Ride The Lightning and Master of Puppets, only time will tell. Regardless Death Magnetic is a great album that showcases the revival of one of the greatest bands of all time. I highly recommend it to everyone, especially hardcore Metallica fans.
B000XA5K4I|5.0|\\"Shoot 'Em Up\\" is a straight-faced over-the-top parody of the action movie genre.  Profoundly silly one-liners after shooting a guy?  Check.  No backstory about our cookie-cutter characters?  Got it.  An overly convoluted plot that makes no sense at all?  Yep.  The ability of the hero to run away from 10 guys shooting at him a close range?  Check.  And stunts that would kill a regular human being 10 times over, from which the hero walks away?  About every 5 minutes.<br /><br />Where most action movies present these elements and expect us to swallow them, \\"Shoot 'Em Up\\" goes so far over the top that it flings those elements, and others, right in the audience's face as part of its bone-dry parody.  I think that's why this movie is so polarizing - whether you like this kind of thing is a matter of taste.  For example, whether you find a pro-gun-control gunfighting hero to be head-scratching or funny as heck will depend completely on your sense of humor.<br /><br />For this film to work, Owen and Giamatti had to own their characters completely, as ridiculous as they were, and they definitely did so.  The pace has to keep moving so you don't stop and think about the details too much, and it certainly did.  At 90 minutes, this film is just long enough.<br /><br />The irony is that \\"Shoot 'Em Up,\\" even as a parody of the genre, is a superior example of the genre.  It's at least worth a rent, particularly if you have Blu-Ray - the Blu-Ray transfer is fantastic.
B00005JLYW|4.0|In a summer of films stacked up with sequels to long dormant franchises (e.g,,Terminator,Freddy) it's great to finally get a sequel to a film that was damn fine to begin with.Teaming up with the original film's director McG (who,to date,has yet to helm any film aside from these two),the original cast return also for a sequel which manages to be just as loud,colourful,sexy,fun and exciting as it's predecessor.  Aside from a seemingly endless array of celebrity cameos,there are some exciting new additions to the credited cast list as well.To begin with,we have the growingly popular Bernie Mac replacing Bill Murray as Bosley.It's a pretty huge plot contrievance to explain how a black man has taken over a role originally played by a white man,but I'm sure Bill had his reasons for pulling out and Mac is well worth the replacement,as he provides the film with some sassing black attitude in the Shaft vein,matched by some hilariously funny moments on his behalf.Speaking of humour,comedy legend John Cleese turns up as Alex's (Lucy Liu) father (her mother must have been black).His appearance in a film is no guarantee of quality,as the James Bond film The World is Not Enough proved,but here he adds a pleasant air of fun by providing the already good time flick with some more amusing comic relief.And finally,we have a screen comeback (she'd disagree with me on that count,but it's my review,hahaha) from Demi Moore as the villainess of the piece,who,it has to be said,looks absolutely fabulous at 40,displaying a body and curves for a woman of her advancing years to be very proud of.How much of this is down to surgery or just ageing well is unclear,but it sure rubbed off on this viewer.  Of the remaining central cast,Liu and Drew Barrymore are appealing enough,but the star (or,at least,the babe) of the show remains the gorgeous Cameron Diaz,the ultimate chick of the piece,sassy,seductive and just fine to look at.  There's some fine dialogue and one liners on offer here as well,complimented by a brilliant soundtrack and a lot of explosive,exciting action sequences.Sure,the vast majority of them are totally implausible,but it's not as if this pretended to be anything other than a no brainer piece of eye candy.  And of course,although in fairness it's equally as good,it can't match up to the original on the grounds that the original is the original.And the story is somewhat incoherent,wavey and off course.But given the success of the original,it was inevitable that this was going to be made anyway,and if it stands a chance of being any more of a ride than the first two films,a third instalment is greatly anticipated.You go girl.
B00127RAJY|5.0|True to Jillian Michaels form, this is a serious workout! It helps that there are lower-impact alternatives to use as a guide, because some of them are tough! I really enjoy this one, though, because the intervals (weights, cardio and abs) really do work your whole body thoroughly. In fact, some nights (not often) if I'm up for a real challenge, I'll try to do the whole darn workout (as in all 3 circuits!) and wow, is that invogorating (and exhausting!!), but so worth it! I feel proud and totally shredded, and so will you! Give it a try!
078401213X|1.0|Very poor movie. Not recommended. Certainly does not rate anything over one star. I selected it on its subject matter and having four stars from other viewers. It clearly shows the low budget available. It was a waste of DVR space and $2.99.
1574535811|5.0|The audio book is great, everyone needs to know about the truth.  Our food and drug industry are keeping us sick.  Another good book to read is the RAVE Diet.
0553805460|3.0|I enjoyed the book thanks to the funny language and mad expressions and stories. But it is not really a \\"business book\\". It is more about crazy people and their additions to women, drugs, fast cars and the likes. I found it entertaining though!
B00006CXSS|2.0|I was disapointted that the cd's did not come in the original metal container, they were just slapped together in little plastic containers.  The additional cd telling how they made the movie and personal interviews was also not included.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|Trust me -- just buy it if you ever liked one thing she did.  It's her with same style updated and fresh.
B0010V4TZU|4.0|TI love this cd! It takes me back to the glory days of The O.C. I really love track 2 and track 8
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I'm not the worlds biggets Metallica fan, but I have my choice picks from the band. I'm a Ride The Lightning sort of guy, rather than a Puppets, Justice, or black album guy. ...I like most of the bands stuff on a given day or time, even the Loads, if the timing is right- but I had lost a lot of faith after St. Anger. In fact (not to be too much of a snob) I think St. Anger had over all made it harder for me to digest later era Metallica on a whole. The album itself makes my stomach sick- and by the way, Hetfeild is a pretty awful vocalist, sounds like a headache.  BUT!!!  luckily the Death Magnetic has realigned what is right in Metallica, and I have a new healthy feeling towards my later era Metallica... and Hetfeild isn't that bad as a vocalist, as long as his vocals are well treated, and pretty much an after thought to the jamming guitar rock, that remind listeners that Metallica do a few amazing things as a band, that no others can do...  it even works when the guys pull out a new Unforgiven track... complete with Billy The Kid style intro!  The band pulls it together, and make just about the whole album worthy by finally sticking the old school MetallicA lightning bolts, on their matured version of playing rock. Dig on quite a fw of these extended metal breakdowns. Some cosmic metal stars finally seem to have connected with the universe of hard rock. Loud, but not abrasive. Very nice in fact. Kick some Ace,  maybe now some of these Metallica fans can start living beyond the year 1988! Rock!
B00192KCQ0|2.0|Im not going to be talking about this albun a lot, all i have to say is that is a great album, great lyrics but i miss the heavy sound of the guitar. James if you read this call the guys from chimaira they can give you free lessons.
1591396190|4.0|This book helps focus the reader on looking at their business, competition and offerings in different and exciting ways. If you are considering a new business venture or product offering, you really should read this book.
B001BKXUOQ|3.0|Im cofuse with this album. Is to soft for slipknot and to heavy for stone sour i somewhere in the midle but its a great album, but i was waiting for something more agressive.
B000000NN4|5.0|First class album -forerunner of the techno/electronic stuff but good (not ripped off or sampled ) Last  track very interesting as well as good musically
B000ASDFJU|5.0|It arrived early and in very good condition. I was very happy with the person I worked with.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I like it more each time I listen to it.  The Day That never Comes, My Apocalypse, and All Nightmare Long are standouts, but there is not a bad song on the Album.  It is much more Metal than the Black or Load albums, and it is very much not St. Anger.
0060899190|4.0|I have read each of the post secret books and just love them.  Highly entertaining!
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|This is an excelent documentary ! Here in Brazil it is the same. It is the real truth !! Congratulations.
B001CD6FKI|5.0|Speed Racer is one of the most unique and visually stunning movies I've ever seen. But what made me fall in love with this movie was it's beautiful portrayal of family, loyalty and fighting for what you believe in at all costs.     In this coming of age film, Emile Hirsch does a fantastic job of playing Speed Racer, a teen misfit whose first love is racing and is beginning his career as a professional driver. When off the track, I found the character sort of flat. He seemed to lack a lot of confidence, and be sort of stuck in his own awkward teen phase - not able to relate to people his own age because of his lack of interests outside of racing and the tragedy of dealing with his brother's death. However, it was on the track that we see Speed come to life. He is brilliant, aggressive and confident and as Mom Racer says, he just takes your breath away.     The rest of the cast is just as brilliant. Matthew Fox, John Goodman, Susan Sarandon, Paulie Litt & Christina Ricci all do a fantastic job bringing their characters to life. They are a joy to watch and they add a terrific emotional depth to this movie.     The film borrows heavily from anime visuals, and I think it can be enjoyed best if the viewer remembers that they are watching a cartoon. Not all laws of physics are obeyed and there are large amounts of silliness especially in the kung fu battles, but the over all feel of the film is so uplifting and fun, it's fantastic to watch.     I fell in love with this movie. I saw it several times in the theater and every time came out just as thrilled and emotionally high as I did the first time (maybe even moreso). Overall this is a great family film and definitely in my top five favorite movies of all time.
6304981635|5.0|My Dad is going to love this when he comes back to visit in Dec. 2008.  He took us to the movies to see this film in 1973 or 1974 can't pin point it I was about 7 or 8yrs old.  My kids say whose better Bruce Lee or Jet Lee? My son said Bruce of course, so I said lets have a history lesson.  Classic good digital color and sound.  Must have in your library.
031606792X|3.0|For those trying to pigeon hole every book into an attempt to foist life lessons on the reader under the pretext of entertainment, look elsewhere; Breaking Dawn is solely entertainment.  Try to overlook that characters may make countercultural decisions and even behave irrationally.  Why insult the intelligence of those seeking a quick entertaining read by implying that this book will hypnotize and lead them zombie style straight into marriage and the requisite vampire spawn gnawing out their insides?      When not read with the expectation of receiving total enlightenment, this book is actually rather enjoyable and the best book in the series.
031606792X|4.0|While many have had problems with this book, I found it enjoyable.  I just want to remind people that it is FICTION!  It took a couple of turns I wasn't expecting, but really it ended well enough for me.  I liked that Bella found her niche in the world and that in the end she was the one saving people instead of being saved.
B00000IN5G|5.0|If you like Children of Bodom or are interested in listening to some good tracks, you will appreciate the greatness of this album.
B000IVW25M|5.0|I am converting my VHS Disney tapes to DVD.  I was wanting Snow White & the Seven Dwarfs, but wanted a new copy that had not been opened by someone else.  I got exactly what I wanted.
B0017I1FP8|5.0|I'm typically one that only buys soundtracks for movies I really enjoy. Over the last several years, that has only been 3 movies. Batman Begins, Transformers, and now The Dark Knight.     Hans Zimmer and James Netwon Howard definitely deliver with this soundtrack. It goes above and beyond what Batman Begins started. I've always enjoyed Hans Zimmer's ability create a memorable theme. That's definitely been done with the theme from Batman begins, which carries over to The Dark Knight.     This has been a wonderful purchase, and one I haven't regretted for a second. I plan to continue to enjoy it for sometime...and expect the next Batman's movie soundtrack to be just as satisfying.
0316010669|5.0|We all take decisions \\"in the blink of an eye\\", even if it is only a decision of trusting a person or not. This is just how our brain works. Maybe we should not call them decisions, since the word decision implies some sort of reasoning and a process of weighing pros and cons. I would also not call this process thinking without thinking, maybe we should call it judging or pre-judging (\\"prejudices\\").     A lot of information is stored, retrieved, compared and judged in seconds in our unconscious, a process of which we are completely unaware of. So it makes perfect sense that the more experienced and educated our unconscious is, the better these pre-judgements will be. I do not believe that a lay person would detect a false work of art by pure instinct (by a feeling of \\"something is wrong with this work of art\\"), like experts did in one of the stories. Their unconscious perceived some \\"anomalies\\" quickly, by comparison with the huge amounts of previously recorded information of the period's artistic style. The experts could not explain why they felt that way, since consciously they had not noticed the anomalies yet. On the other hand, I think that a person with deep knowledge of people might have unconsciously detected that the art dealer selling the work of art was uneasy in some way, so he might have got a \\"hunch\\" that something was wrong.    This book tells you that you should trust your gut-feelings, but that you should \\"nurture\\" them with observation and expertise to make them more precise. Since these pre-judgements are influenced by our cultural environment and far quicker than ourselves and our conscious rational minds, they are also the basis of unfair prejudices that can make you act upon them and which are difficult to override (the author even claims that in situations in which time is of the essence, they are impossible to overcome, since we react upon them before thinking). Test your \\"sexism\\" in a brief exercise in a chapter of the book, you might be surprised...    The best we can do is probably let our unconscious pre-judge and then we can still decide via an analytical thinking process. Nature gave us both abilities, let's use them both.    This book is an excellent compilation of captivating studies in very different fields, carefully selected by the author to make his point. How by artificially altering your facial expressions your mood can change (for example if you put up a sad face you get grieved), how a psychologist can tell if a marriage is going to last by studying how the couple reacts in a simulated argument, etc. are some of the most interesting studies presented in the book.
B000TGJ8CQ|4.0|I had completely missed Next when it was in the theaters and even when it hit DVD. I'm not sure how I became aware of it, but I saw it, read about it, and the premise intrigued me.     The movie is essentially about a Vegas magician (Nicholas Cage) that can see 2 minutes into the future. He, of course, uses this to his advantage during his magic shows. This come to the attention of an FBI agent (Julianne Moore) who is trying to discover where a terrorist group is hiding a nuclear bomb. To add to the whole adventure, Nicholas' character can see farther than 2 minutes in the future with regards to one individual (Jessica Biel's character).     The plot was very good, and I enjoyed the movie completely throughout. The ending was a little shocking, and actually left me wanting more... whether that is a good thing or not you can decide. In my case, I felt like it wasn't.    All in all, definitely a movie worth watching, especially for those that enjoy movies along these lines.
031606792X|1.0|So many people have already reviewed, and said what I wanted to say. Stephenie Meyer had everything she needed to deliver an amazing book, and she squandered not only all the momentum from the first three books, but the goodwill of so many of her fans, as well. I will never say these books were great literature, or perfectly written, because they are clearly the efforts of a new-ish writer who wanted to focus on romance rather than plot, but they were at least exciting enough to keep me hooked. This final installment, however, started off strangely enough with the honeymoon scenes and then seemed to veer sharply off course with the godawful pregnancy, the neat package of One Big Happy Cullen Family, and perfect Bella and her anticlimactic confrontation with the Volturi.     I think I'm even more sad that she chose to focus on these divisive elements when a quick look at the FAQ on her site shows that she is capable of coming up with a compelling plot (just look at the BD FAQ for Marcus' backstory, and you'll see what I mean; maybe since MS is a no go, she can write that instead?). I suppose you can count me as one of the readers who felt incredibly let down by the focus on Renesmee, who is an even worse Mary Sue than her mother, at the expense of any actual sort of conflict and plot. The best part of the book, for me, was seeing all the vampires outside of the Cullen clan, and I wish we would have gotten more pages of them, and less pages of Nessie breaking Bella's ribs. Just another wasted opportunity, I guess.    Worst of all, though, the epic fail that is BD has caused me to go back over the first three volumes with a more critical eye, seeing flaws in the writing that I missed or excused because I was enjoying the story. Since Meyer claims that the clues for BD were always there, I wonder if maybe she was writing toward that and not focusing on the plots at hand.
0307394549|5.0|I wish every cook book I owned was like this one!  They ave broken down the index into types of cookies (i.e.  elegant, soft and chewy, crunchy, etc.) adding the picture alongside the title.  I love this book and every cookie has been a hit.  A must have!  Sherry
B000V86OKG|5.0|Hard to believe, but I'd say Season 2 is even better than Season 1. Fantastic, gripping show, with so many twists. Highly recommended series.
0596522347|5.0|Tufte shook the PowerPoint world with his pointed critism of the program. What Tufte failed to address, however, is that the problem is not with the program, but with users who simply create bad presentations. . .    Now, there's no excuse. Slide:ology and Nancy Duarte provide the tools and techniques for visually effective presentations -- no matter what program is used.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I'm one of those Metallica fans that believes the first five Metallica albums (Kill'em All through The Black Album) are just plain sacred and that the last three albums (Load through St. Anger) are just plain garbage. That said, when I heard that Metallica had a new album coming out in 2008 the first thing I thought was \\"Hmm, will it be a rap/metal cross over this time like Limp Bizkit, or will it be a full fledge country album this time out\\".     Thank God Almighty it is neither.    Death Magnetic is a solid work from Metallica that is a brutal metal attack from start to finish. Even Rob Trujillo has regained his balls from his days in Suicidal Tendencies.    The opening track \\"That Was Just Your Life\\" is a perfect opening to this album. It starts off with a thumping heartbeat and then goes off into a Thrash Riot that is just plain killer. From there we go too \\"The End of the Line\\"; now when I first heard the song title I thought \\"Hmm...is this a cover of the Overkill song by the same name\\"? It's not, it's a song with a great main riff that hooks you from the start to the finish and it never lets up.    Next is \\"Broken, Beat and Scarred\\". This song channels the spirit of Slayer (Hetfield even sounds like Tom Araya at times) and is the first \\"classic\\" on the album in my opinion that will be on many Metallica mixes I make for years to come.    Next we go to track four, \\"The Day That Never Comes\\", is nothing special in my opinion. This was not a good choice for the first single and video from the album. Slow start but a great finish.    \\"All Nightmare Long\\" is track five and the second \\"instant classic\\" in my opinion. Any song that chants \\"Hunt you down without mercy\\" is tops in my book. This song is best described as a straight forward metal thrasher that busts heads.    \\"Cyanide\\" is an excellent track with some good bass parts throughout. I believe they played this song on Ozzfest so many of you probably already know it.    Next we have \\"The Unforgiven III\\"...why Metallica why?!? This is not a bad song at all, it just doesn't compare to the sheer beauty of the original or the sheer emotional impact of the original. This to me is the Resident Evil 4 of the Unforgiven Trilogy, great song, just not a good Unforgiven song if you catch my drift.    \\"The Judas Kiss\\" is a good track and holds up well on its own.    Track nine...\\"Suicide and Redemption\\"...the instrumental that took four album listenings to realize it's an instrumental. The main riff is so hypnotic that it literally took me four listenings of this album before I realized that James wasn't singing. Good song though.    Then we end with \\"My Apocalypse\\", what I consider \\"instant classic\\" number three for all future Metallica mix CD's that go in my car. This song hits the \\"Kill'em All\\" vibe right on the head. Heavy, fast, brutal and just plain unforgiving.    As the name of my review says, I've waited 17 years for Metallica to make this album. It channels all the energy and classic power that the first five Metallica albums have and leaves behind the generic garbage that Metallica did with the \\"Load\\" albums and St. Wanker. I can finally allow Metallica to be a part of my life again.    Funny story, I used to tell myself that Metallica died in a plane crash after the Black Album so that I could keep respect for them after hearing and seeing the abominations they crapped out between '95-'03. Now days, I tell myself that Lars, James and Kirk actually survived the crash with the help of an American Indian Shaman (Rob Trujillo) and that after 17 years they were found. However, they had to eat Newstead to survive the first week after the crash before the Shaman (Trujillo) showed them how to live off the land.    Now he's their bass player...go figure.
B00000K3D4|5.0|I was so excited to find this DVD.  I've looked everywhere for it.  I got it in a few, short days in excellent condition!
0553382179|4.0|First off, I'll say that the author's beliefs about her god & her expression of them does not bother me. This is America & we are all entitled to express what we believe, and we all know we're not under obligation to agree with each other. So to those offended by what she references (God Breezes, etc.), I don't really understand why that is. Yeah, FlyLady's style can be a little sappy, but that isn't the point- getting your home in the shape you want it to be is the point. Some people are completely & utterly disorganized when they come across this system, their life in chaos. Some people, like me, just need to tweak their habits. There's something here for everyone, IMO. I'm writing a longer review, I'll advise in advance, because I hope it'll help those who are at their wit's end to see that life can be changed into an organized, clean existence.<br /><br />This is not just a program for stay-at-home wives & mothers- but it is up to YOU to adapt this system to meet your individual needs. Considering the criticisms of the program, I feel obligated to say that I'm child-free by choice & a single careerwoman who has worked full-time outside the home for many years. (I'm now in college full-time, and believe me, I don't think I could manage that if I didn't follow this system!) Far from being a disorganized clutterbug, I know how to clean a house very nicely, I'm an expert at doing laundry, I never have trouble throwing anything out due to sentimentality & I'm a great cook. Even with all of my housekeeping skills, I grew up learning absolutely no sense of how to maintain daily routines or manage my time, which is what the author is really writing about developing in this book. You can be great at cleaning a house once a week & yet still have a house that looks like crap on a day-to-day basis. I didn't grow up making my bed each morning when I woke up or washing the dishes each night after dinner. Yes, \\"born-organized\\" people may think that it's sheer stupidity if you can't figure out that these things must be done daily in order to avoid chaos, but some of us just don't have brains wired to look at a home so logically. Like a lot of kids with single parents, I had very little structure to my life & the chaos was something that followed me into adulthood.<br /><br />What FlyLady helped me to do was slowly set up a control journal where I knew what had to be done each day & when. I'm an intelligent person, but trying to keep a house in the midst of working full-time can be very overwhelming, even with no kids or spouse. It can be confusing just to know where to start! Seeing what I need to do when, written out in black-and-white, just made it much more effortless. Step-by-step my chores are laid out before me already, and simply not having to put much thought into what I need to do next makes a task that much easier to perform. Before I knew it these habits were so routine that they didn't seem like much of an effort to perform. I was able to work on building a habit at a time until my life & home were the way I wanted it- she doesn't pressure you to do everything at once.<br /><br />In my Control Journal, I keep college-ruled lined paper, my list of family & friends' contact info & birthdays, a portable calendar, a list of daily/weekly/monthly/quarterly/yearly chores, an emergency evacuation plan, a copy of my medical/surgical history & a copy of my Advance Directive (also known as a Durable Power of Attorney or living will in other areas). I carry this w/ me virtually everywhere- I have a nice zippered folio w/ a handle to make it easier. I also carry a sheet of postage stamps, three or four address labels, a couple of business envelopes & thank-you cards w/ matching envelopes, so that I can get paperwork done on-the-go. The medical/surgical history sheet is something that EVERYONE should carry with them- believe me, paramedics & hospital staff are grateful to have this, and if you're ill or unable to speak, having the info written down is a must!<br /><br />Paper clutter is now non-existent in my life. My file cabinet is neat, with everything labeled on both the hanging file folders & manila folders. I promise, it's worth taking a day or two out of your busy schedule to set a file cabinet up, so that you'll be organized in this area forever. My bills get paid on time because they are all kept in one place & it's marked on my calendar when they have to be paid. I go through one folder or desk drawer a night to keep clutter at bay. Magazine subscriptions don't exist for me anymore, I never read newspapers & I throw out receipts after 30 days unless there's a valid reason not to (such as having a warranty that's still active on the item). I took a few minutes online & on the phone to remove myself from junk mail, catalog mailings & pre-approved offers. (These removal services are easy to locate & usually free or nominal in charge to utilize.) I go through my new mail every evening, dump the junk in the trash at once, deal with the rest immediately (make any phone calls, write emails, type any needed letters up, pay a bill, file any paper appropriately which has to be kept, whatever's needed), listen to & clear my voicemail daily & read my emails twice a day. I have a big wall calendar next to my desk, situated where I can read & write on it easily. I check the calendar once in the morning & once more at night to make sure that I don't forget anything. I use Google Calendar, which is nicely synced up to Gmail, in order to serve as a digital & more detailed source of reminders of things that I have to get done. The minute that I have something which I recall I need to get done or know something needs to be purchased, it gets put in my calendars.<br /><br />When I wake up, I make my bed first thing, which is easy to do since I just have a comforter with a duvet cover on it & my pillows to straighten up. I always have a good amount of time in the a.m. to set out anything that needs to thaw from the freezer for dinner that night, to enjoy my coffee & breakfast, check my email & balance my checkbook. Then I work out for 30-60 minutes, brush my teeth & use mouthwash, shower, dress to lace-up shoes, apply my makeup & style my hair every morning. I lay tomorrow's clothes out after I get dressed each morning, earrings & shoes included. My goal is to always feel prepared for any emergency or event that could come up- and having my face \\"fixed up\\", my hair styled & being dressed all the way to wearing comfortable shoes MAKES me prepared. I don't wear clothes that I wouldn't feel comfortable going out in public & being seen in, even if I plan to be home all day- one never knows when an emergency can come up & they'll need to be presentable to others. I now go to bed by ten p.m. at night & get up on time easily without terrible exhaustion, since I get enough sleep.<br /><br />To help w/ streamlining my life, I've developed a simple outfit that helps me transition to virtually every situation. I wear a short-sleeved cotton polo shirt in a color that's complimentary to my looks, black pants & black lace-up sneakers, almost every day. A simple pair of earrings is typically my only accessory. I can then add a black jacket, vest, sweater or coat, if I need to layer clothes for extra warmth. While it sounds kind of boring, it is actually enjoyable to always be comfortable, yet pulled-together. I always wear an apron while cooking or doing heavier-duty cleaning, to protect my clothes from stains. I wear socks every day, so that I can apply foot cream each morning- my feet definitely thank me for both this moisturizing habit & wearing comfy shoes all the time! I carry a small cross-body bag which holds my stainless steel water bottle, mini-umbrella & the minimum of what I need to carry w/ me at all times. This is the easiest type of purse on my arms, shoulders & back. There is no such thing as too much simplification or pain relief!<br /><br />The two bathrooms in my home get a daily swish-and-swipe that takes about three minutes per room- each morning I wipe down the mirror (not usually the whole thing- just in the spots where it needs it), then the vanity, the top of the toilet bowl & around the toilet w/ Windex, swish the toilet bowls w/ a toilet brush & a little Pine Sol, spray Lysol Disinfectant on the door handles, faucets & toilet handle, take out any trash & change the towels (if needed). When done daily, I promise that so little dust, hair, lint, etc., builds up, it really does take less than five minutes to complete. After my morning shower I always wipe down the shower tile & bathtub with an inexpensive clean white hand towel. This keeps me from EVER having to do heavy-duty bathroom cleaning. I run a small personal fan in the bathroom for a few hours each day to completely prevent mold & mildew in the first place.<br /><br />I straighten up the living & dining room quickly each day- replacing tea light candles that have burned out, brushing fur off of my kitty's favorite sleeping spots, fluffing throw pillows, folding any throw blankets & then just spritzing some Febreze Room Spray & Fabric Refresher for that extra-nice touch of fragrance. I consider this to be time spent \\"equalizing my space\\", and it takes under five minutes each day to perform. I light a candle or two each evening in my home for ambience, because this system isn't just about cleaning, but about creating a really memorable place to reside in.<br /><br />Every morning before breakfast I unload the dishwasher. (That alone made a gigantic difference in my home's calm look & feel.) I load the dishwasher throughout the day as dishes get dirty & run it every evening. Every night after dinner I wash any dirty pots & pans, wipe down the counters & stovetop with all-purpose cleaner & a white cleaning cloth, shine my sink, change the kitchen towels, fill up a fresh water bottle for the next day to leave in the fridge overnight, feed my cat & give her fresh ice water.<br /><br />I do one load of laundry each morning- it never, ever gets out of hand. No matter how tired or busy I am, I discipline myself to put the laundry away when it's dry, as well.<br /><br />Every night before getting too tired, I clean my eyeglasses & the pair of earrings that I'm going to wear tomorrow; brush & floss my teeth, then use mouthwash; remove my eye makeup; cleanse, tone & moisturize my face. I drink a cup of Yogi Bedtime tea & read for fifteen minutes a night- this routine helps signal to my brain that it's time to wind down & prepare for sleep. Right before bed, I apply hand cream & lip balm. Now, all of these habits weren't built happen overnight- they took a few years time to develop, and with plenty of trial-and-error to see what worked well for me.<br /><br />I follow a simple schedule to get the necessary weekly things done, too. On Mondays I do what FlyLady calls a Weekly Home Blessing Hour. For me this consists of changing the sheets (15 mins. for the two beds in my home), dusting throughout the house with a couple of microfiber dusting mitts (15 mins.), vacuuming all of the flooring (20-25 mins.), and mopping the vinyl flooring w/ a Sh-Mop (5 mins.). Tuesday is for computer maintenance, when I clean the computer screen & keyboard, clear my browsing history, run Disk Defrag & Cleanup, back up my files, run my anti-virus scan & delete unneeded docs/pics/music on the computer. (I do this stuff between other things, since running each program is kind of time-consuming.) Wednesday is also Anti-Procrastination Day, when I do at least one thing (like making a dentist appt., writing a thank-you note, etc.) that I've been putting off. Thursday is for the \\"Kitchen Clean-Up\\", when I cull through herbs & spices (if they're more than 18 months old, out they go- yes, I date mine when I buy them), de-clutter & quickly wipe down my fridge, pantry, washer & dryer and wash the microwave turntable. I refill the sugar bowl & salt shaker, too. Friday is when I clean out & re-stock any needed supplies in my wallet, purse & office in a bag. (I keep a list of the supplies for both my office in a bag & my purse, so I always know what should be in them.) This day is also when I clean out the family vehicle- wipe down the outside of the windshield & windows, dust the dashboard & seats, brush down/shake out the car mats & take out any trash. I typically use Saturdays for calling, entertaining or visiting family members or friends. I take a rest day from both homework for college and heavy housework on Sunday. Sunday is my day for spiritual reflection and personal relaxation (such as reading an enjoyable book). It's also my pampering day- in the morning I trim & file my nails, shave, groom my eyebrows, etc.- things that are a part of weekly body care. Contrary to my old belief system, having this set of routines doesn't imprison me- it actually set me free to do the things I really want to in my life, with no guilt about the state of my home weighing on my conscience. I balance play with work.<br /><br />I also have learned to take care of myself much better. FlyLady's suggestions are simple but powerful. I don't smoke cigarettes or drink alcoholic beverages even socially. The one suggestion that she really pushes consistently is to drink water throughout the day. I carry a 16 oz. stainless steel water bottle with me everywhere I go. I aim to drink at least 64 oz. worth of water a day. Staying hydrated has eliminated the migraine headaches which I used to get & lowered my fatigue levels. I love the 16 oz. stainless steel water bottle that FlyLady sells. They don't leak, sweat or lose coldness at all. I've worked out since I was twelve years old, but my goals were short-sighted when I was younger. Before FlyLady, exercise was all about trying to lose weight or reach a certain dress size. Now, it's about creating long-term health, energy & fitness. Taking a fifteen-minute walk each day is a whole lot better than doing nothing, after all! Dressing the body that I have now beautifully & wisely is what I aim for- I don't look at Hollywood's images of women & think that's what I should strive to be anymore. I cook from scratch nearly every night for supper, always eat a balanced diet & never eat fast food. On the subject of health, my stress level is much lower now (and it's even reflected in my consistently normal blood pressure levels, which used to be on the cusp of being too high). Maybe it's just aging, but I've learned to prioritize in my mind what's important & what's not, and to let the small stuff roll off my back. I believe that utilizing this system is a huge part of that change. I don't panic if the maintenance man or a friend needs to drop by. That in and of itself lowers stress levels for me. I feel put-together, comfortable & relaxed, more often than not. I pretty much knew what needed to be done before, sure- but I needed a SYSTEM of when to do it. That is what Flylady helps you to do. Even if I miss a day of routines due to illness or something else that came up, I know exactly what I need to do to get my home back on track.<br /><br />I've learned to be better prepared for emergencies & daily life, just in general. I bought a well-stocked soft first-aid kit for home (plus one for work), and check it twice a year (January and July 1st) to make sure that nothing has expired, and to replace anything needed. I put together a list of emergency phone #'s/addresses for our local hospital, the vet office my cat goes to, our family doctor (in case there was an emergency, I want to be able to reach them immediately, without having to scour the internet or a yellow pages book), etc. I also went through my old recipes & cookbooks. The good recipes that I use at least once a year were kept, but MANY cookbooks were donated, because I had never used them. I'd kept these things for YEARS thinking \\"I might one day need these cookbooks, if I was to start entertaining on a grand scale\\". Yeah...if it hasn't happened by now, chances are it never will. And with the Internet available, there is simply no need to keep anything but family recipes that TRULY are nowhere on the internet and that I actually cook or bake. There is little that's more frustrating than wanting to make a particular dish & being unable to find the recipe because it's hidden amongst dozens of magazine cut-outs, old cookbooks & an ancient recipe box. The good recipes that I kept, I simply typed up in my Word program, printed out, three-hole-punched, then put in a three-ring binder. I used dividers to separate them by their general category (chicken, dessert, vegetable dishes, etc.) and put the recipes in alphabetical order. It's been a godsend. Much easier than sorting through magazines or a recipe box full of aging notecards, to find what few dishes I can't actually make from memory.<br /><br />I will end by saying that many of us grew up in chaotic homes where we never established the habits, household and otherwise, that made our lives feel safe, stable and secure. On an emotional level, I think that this book is helpful to those of us who never got to make these \\"simple\\" things habit. It has nothing to do with intelligence- it has everything to do with how we are programmed. The cool part is, we can reprogram ourselves, even as adults. If you want to get some order & good habits established in your chaotic life, I don't see how this book could be anything but helpful..<br /><br />I do one load of laundry each morning- it never, ever gets out of hand. No matter how tired or busy I am, I discipline myself to put the laundry away when it's dry, as well.<br /><br />Every night before getting too tired, I clean my eyeglasses & the pair of earrings that I'm going to wear tomorrow; brush & floss my teeth, then use mouthwash; remove my eye makeup; cleanse, tone & moisturize my face. I drink a cup of Yogi Bedtime tea & read for fifteen minutes a night- this routine helps signal to my brain that it's time to wind down & prepare for sleep. Right before bed, I apply hand cream & lip balm. Now, all of these habits weren't built happen overnight- they took a few years time to develop, and with plenty of trial-and-error to see what worked well for me.<br /><br />I follow a simple schedule to get the necessary weekly things done, too. On Mondays I do what FlyLady calls a Weekly Home Blessing Hour. For me this consists of changing the sheets (15 mins. for the two beds in my home), dusting throughout the house with a couple of microfiber dusting mitts (15 mins.), vacuuming all of the flooring (20-25 mins.), and mopping the vinyl flooring w/ a Sh-Mop (5 mins.). Tuesday is for computer maintenance, when I clean the computer screen & keyboard, clear my browsing history, run Disk Defrag & Cleanup, back up my files, run my anti-virus scan & delete unneeded docs/pics/music on the computer. (I do this stuff between other things, since running each program is kind of time-consuming.) Wednesday is also Anti-Procrastination Day, when I do at least one thing (like making a dentist appt., writing a thank-you note, etc.) that I've been putting off. Thursday is for the \\"Kitchen Clean-Up\\", when I cull through herbs & spices (if they're more than 18 months old, out they go- yes, I date mine when I buy them), de-clutter & quickly wipe down my fridge, pantry, washer & dryer and wash the microwave turntable. I refill the sugar bowl & salt shaker, too. Friday is when I clean out & re-stock any needed supplies in my wallet, purse & office in a bag. (I keep a list of the supplies for both my office in a bag & my purse, so I always know what should be in them.) This day is also when I clean out the family vehicle- wipe down the outside of the windshield & windows, dust the dashboard & seats, brush down/shake out the car mats & take out any trash. I typically use Saturdays for calling, entertaining or visiting family members or friends. I take a rest day from both homework for college and heavy housework on Sunday. Sunday is my day for spiritual reflection and personal relaxation (such as reading an enjoyable book). It's also my pampering day- in the morning I trim & file my nails, shave, groom my eyebrows, etc.- things that are a part of weekly body care. Contrary to my old belief system, having this set of routines doesn't imprison me- it actually set me free to do the things I really want to in my life, with no guilt about the state of my home weighing on my conscience. I balance play with work.<br /><br />I also have learned to take care of myself much better. FlyLady's suggestions are simple but powerful. I don't smoke cigarettes or drink alcoholic beverages even socially. The one suggestion that she really pushes consistently is to drink water throughout the day. I carry a 16 oz. stainless steel water bottle with me everywhere I go. I aim to drink at least 64 oz. worth of water a day. Staying hydrated has eliminated the migraine headaches which I used to get & lowered my fatigue levels. I love the 16 oz. stainless steel water bottle that FlyLady sells. They don't leak, sweat or lose coldness at all. I've worked out since I was twelve years old, but my goals were short-sighted when I was younger. Before FlyLady, exercise was all about trying to lose weight or reach a certain dress size. Now, it's about creating long-term health, energy & fitness. Taking a fifteen-minute walk each day is a whole lot better than doing nothing,after all! Dressing the body that I have now beautifully & wisely is what I aim for- I don't look at Hollywood's images of women & think that's what I should strive to be anymore. I cook from scratch nearly every night for supper, always eat a balanced diet & never eat fast food. On the subject of health, my stress level is much lower now (and it's even reflected in my consistently normal blood pressure levels, which used to be on the cusp of being too high). Maybe it's just aging, but I've learned to prioritize in my mind what's important & what's not, and to let the small stuff roll off my back. I believe that utilizing this system is a huge part of that change. I don't panic if the maintenance man or a friend needs to drop by. That in and of itself lowers stress levels for me. I feel put-together, comfortable & relaxed, more often than not. I pretty much knew what needed to be done before, sure- but I needed a SYSTEM of when to do it. That is what Flylady helps you to do. Even if I miss a day of routines due to illness or something else that came up, I know exactly what I need to do to get my home back on track.<br /><br />I've learned to be better prepared for emergencies & daily life, just in general. I bought a well-stocked soft first-aid kit for home (plus one for work), and check it twice a year (January and July 1st) to make sure that nothing has expired, and to replace anything needed. I put together a list of emergency phone #'s/addresses for our local hospital, the vet office my cat goes to, our family doctor (in case there was an emergency, I want to be able to reach them immediately, without having to scour the internet or a yellow pages book), etc. I also went through my old recipes & cookbooks. The good recipes that I use at least once a year were kept, but MANY cookbooks were donated, because I had never used them. I'd kept these things for YEARS thinking \\"I might one day need these cookbooks, if I was to start entertaining on a grand scale\\". Yeah...if it hasn't happened by now, chances are it never will. And with the Internet available, there is simply no need to keep anything but family recipes that TRULY are nowhere on the internet and that I actually cook or bake. There is little that's more frustrating than wanting to make a particular dish & being unable to find the recipe because it's hidden amongst dozens of magazine cut-outs, old cookbooks & an ancient recipe box. The good recipes that I kept, I simply typed up in my Word program, printed out, three-hole-punched, then put in a three-ring binder. I used dividers to separate them by their general category (chicken, dessert, vegetable dishes, etc.) and put the recipes in alphabetical order. It's been a godsend. Much easier than sorting through magazines or a recipe box full of aging notecards, to find what few dishes I can't actually make from memory.<br /><br />I will end by saying that many of us grew up in chaotic homes where we never established the habits, household and otherwise, that made our lives feel safe, stable and secure. On an emotional level, I think that this book is helpful to those of us who never got to make these \\"simple\\" things habit. It has nothing to do with intelligence- it has everything to do with how we are programmed. The cool part is, we can reprogram ourselves, even as adults. If you want to get some order & good habits established in your chaotic life, I don't see how this book could be anything but helpful.
B000H7JCG4|5.0|Grew up watching 90210 and loved it. Bought this dvd as a B-day gift for my sister. She is thrilled!
B00005JPSM|3.0|Despite what I recall of the advertising campaign last year, this soft-hearted 2007 film is far less a Food Network-derived romantic comedy than a Lifetime-oriented drama about grief and work/life balance. Directed by Scott Hicks ([[ASIN:0780619587 Shine]]) and written by first-timer Carol Fuchs, this film offers the most insightful peek into the workings of an upscale Manhattan restaurant since 2000's [[ASIN:B00007G1YP Dinner Rush]] (i.e., if you don't count last year's CGI-generated, French food-fest, [[ASIN:B000VBJEEG Ratatouille]]), but it also seems intent in splintering the story between the romantic sparks between the co-stars and the unexpected relationship that a single aunt forms with her orphaned niece. The result is heartwarming but rather diluted considering the potential inherent in the material presented. Hicks and Fuchs also seem intent on inserting predictable clich&eacute;s along the way to reinforce the formulaic approach taken with the story.<br /><br />Basically a remake of the 2001 German comedy, [[ASIN:B00007ELFA Mostly Martha]], the plot centers on perfectionist chef Kate who runs a tightly efficient kitchen in a chic SoHo bistro. As a resolute overachiever, she is able to get up before dawn to get to the fish market and stay late at the restaurant making her impeccably presented dishes until closing. So tightly wound is Kate that restaurant owner Paula forces her to see a therapist to address her supposedly difficult personality. This is the first of several disconnects I had with the film as Kate strikes me as demanding but not particularly abusive to her staff. Regardless, her life is turned upside down by the sudden death of her sister and the addition of her niece Zoe to her structured life. As if that wasn't enough, Paula has hired Nick, a rowdy opera-loving sous-chef, to partner with Kate as she struggles with her personal transition at home. Taking a number from the Tracy-Hepburn manual for romantic comedy, tempers flare as do sparks. Zoe's recovery from her mother's death becomes a complicating factor, but the rest of the story plays out basically how you would presume.<br /><br />More interesting in edgier, less sympathetic roles, Catherine Zeta-Jones plays the icier aspects of her role well, but she is markedly less arresting when her character turns warm and gooey. The script also doesn't really respect her character much since she is made to look overly foolish and insensitive in her early scenes as a struggling mother figure. Aaron Eckhart seems to be playing more of a plot device as Nick, but he does it well, and the requisite sparks occur with Zeta-Jones. Cornering the market on playing put-upon children, Abigail Breslin is fine as Zoe, even though she has to be glumly depressed for much of the film. The usually more dimensional Patricia Clarkson plays Paula as a surprisingly brittle, opportunistic character, while Bob Balaban isn't given much to do at all as Kate's therapist but act as a bromide. Stuart Dryburgh's autumnal cinematography makes all the food look good, the stars as well, and minimalist composer Philip Glass, of all people, provided the unobtrusive soundtrack dominated by Puccini, Verdi, and Flotow arias. The most significant bonus item on the 2008 DVD is a twenty-minute episode of the Food Network's [[ASIN:B001EDWAGY Unwrapped]] which includes interviews with the film's stars and the real chefs who concocted the dishes in the movie.y from her mother's death becomes a complicating factor, but the rest of the story plays out basically how you would presume.    More interesting in edgier, less sympathetic roles, Catherine Zeta-Jones plays the icier aspects of her role well, but she is markedly less arresting when her character turns warm and gooey. The script also doesn't really respect her character much since she is made to look overly foolish and insensitive in her early scenes as a struggling mother figure. Aaron Eckhart seems to be playing more of a plot device as Nick, but he does it well, and the requisite sparks occur with Zeta-Jones. Cornering the market on playing put-upon children, Abigail Breslin is fine as Zoe, even though she has to be glumly depressed for much of the film. The usually more dimensional Patricia Clarkson plays Paula as a surprisingly brittle, opportunistic character, while Bob Balaban isn't given much to do at all as Kate's therapist but act as a bromide. Stuart Dryburgh's autumnal cinematography makes all the food look good, the stars as well, and minimalist composer Philip Glass, of all people, provided the unobtrusive soundtrack dominated by Puccini, Verdi, and Flotow arias. The most significant bonus item on the 2008 DVD is a twenty-minute episode of the Food Network's [[ASIN:B001EDWAGY Unwrapped]] which includes interviews with the film's stars and the real chefs who concocted the dishes in the movie.
0802136834|5.0|I got through this book much quicker than average.  I could hardly put it down. Very well written and extremely interesting.
0385340990|4.0|At first I had second thoughts about the letter-writing format of this novel, but was soon completely engaged in the story.  Wonderfully written, perceptive, and just generally good story telling.  A good read.
B00005N6KG|3.0|I bought these to use on the cardio equipment at the gym. The cord that plugs into the gym/tv system attached to the machines is too short. It pulls out--or off my head--if I move too fast on the treadmill or elliptical machines.   It's fine for a music player attached to my waist.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is their best album since ...And Justice For All.  Just listen to \\"All Nightmare Long\\"....that right there is enough.  Buy it. Listen to it. Love it.
B000N6U0E2|4.0|I certainly didn't expect such a powerful, moving film.  Everything you've read from the other reviewers is true.<br /><br />If I were to write a \\"what is it about?\\" plot summary, I could read that summary and conclude, \\"nothing I'd want to watch.\\"  I'd be very wrong.  Again, it is impressive, just like my title says.
0385736002|5.0|I really enjoyed this book! It combines many historical facts along with lots of mythology to bring about an incredible story and adventure. The story mainly revolves around two teens, twins, Sophie and Josh. They are kind of in the wrong place at the wrong time and find out all about Nicholas Flamel and the Codex book. Their lives change in an instant as they are whisked away into a world of magic and mythological folklore. A great adventure, and I cannot wait to read the sequel!
B0002EQ7EC|5.0|paul simon is always great to listen to no matter how old you are or his music. lots of catchy rhythms in this one.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|Why does it seem so many fellas hate the show and the movie? I don't know because I am a guy and I loved the series and the movie. In fact I have already pre-ordered the film. It was  a frothy, sweet,  souffle of a film. The film delivered over and over. This film was neither Citizen Kane nor Chinatown  and nor was it suppose to be. Chill and enjoy.
B0002EQ7E2|4.0|i have loved this cd for almost 20 years!! diamonds on the soles of her shoes is my favorite track!! it just sticks with you. listened to it when i drove to work night shift & it kept me awake!!
184195392X|5.0|This is really an amazing story! Completely original in its plot and all the characters on it.... Its really 3 books into 1, the first part being very funny and adorable, the second part being the most amazing experience a human can have at sea... with a TIGER (no more explanation needed)! And then the end, where you are challenged to rethink the whole book, and its up to you in what you believe or want to believe in the end, and maybe that is the 'message' that lingers on after you've finished it.    I remember when I watched the movie 12 monkeys, that in the end you start 'reviewing' the whole movie because you understand that is something completely different, so in a way it was 2 movies in 1. The same happened with The Life of Pi.... I had to re-think everything to make a second interpretation of what I had really read on the first place.
B000ATQYT2|4.0|Happy with the product when it arrived, but it arrived a week after the scheduled time.
B0016OMFPW|5.0|Roy Hargrove has never disappointed me. Ear Food is another example of his fine musicianship. I highly recommend this disc .
006085880X|5.0|\\"The Pact\\" is an amazing book about two young teens and their stuggles in life to meet up to their expectations while telling the tale with a well written perspective.  Two teens who both have been raised together truly love each other, but in what way? How do they deal with all the pressure?  There is so much going on in this book I can't even begin to tell you.  It's just so good..  Just buy it :)
B0011HF6GE|5.0|As many good artists are discovered and shared, I was introduced to Justin Vernon (Bon Iver) through a mixtape containing two of the more popular tracks from the album: Skinny Love and Blindsided.  I picked up a copy of the LP and headed to a show a month or two later.<br /><br />I will admit, the very first time I heard him sing; I was a little thrown off by his style and use of falsetto.  However, that was one of the most magnificent live performances I have ever witnessed and I've seen everyone from Lou Reed to the Locust.  The music is incredibly driven and soulful.  I've heard the claims (and this kind of back and forth riff-raff occurs with every up and coming 'indie' artist) that it's just overrated fake-folk.  Maybe it's fake-folk and maybe it's not, but genre titles just aren't enough to put down some of the great thing s that are going on in the 'indie' world right now, in this case with Bon Iver.<br /><br />I can't make too many, 'If you like...then you will like Bon Iver\\" type statements.  Many albums are as enjoyable as you want them to be.  If you are at all familiar with Jagjaguwar Records or just picked up the new Fleet Foxes album or maybe your girlfriend/boyfriend made you a mixtape and you want to hear more of this sort bare bones acoustic masterpiece, then check out this CD.  If you have the capability, buy the LP (comes with free download).  You may be sorry, and, if so, you can whine like the others, but I'm pretty sure you'll dig it!
B00013F38K|5.0|One of the best TV shows ever made.  I purchased this DVD set for my teenagers to watch.  I wanted to give them a little bit of something that changed the way I thought about myself and everything around me when I was their age.  This show started it all for me!
B000002LFZ|5.0|Fleetwood Mac was one of the most popular bands of all times and this Greatest Hits shows why.  Putting it on bought back all of the memories on first hearing the songs.  \\"You Can Go Your Own Way\\", \\"Rhiannon\\" and others you will start humming or singing with right away.  Though I was not a big fan when I first heard \\"Tusk\\" it is better than I remember and an interesting song.  Very good album.
B001BPJJ9G|4.0|The settings for the fantasy episodes are very beautiful.<br />The little girl is very hard to understand, but Roy, the story telling, stuntman is pretty clear: to have loved and lost is supposed to be better than to have never loved at all. I had no idea Indians ever picked oranges in California. It is a strange tale of redemption by the heart of a little girl.
B000002UAU|5.0|Phase 1 would be the \\"Mop-Top\\" \\"I Wanna Hold your Hand\\" part of their reign.  Phase 2 really begins with RUBBER SOUL, continues thru REVOLVER and hits a zenith with this album.  \\"Within You, Without You\\" has never been a favorite of mine (not crazy about sitars) but this album was supposedly a theme album but the actual interconnection only really last through the first three songs (the title song, \\"With A Little Help from my Friends\\" & \\"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds\\").  Not that I'm complaining this is a solid effort by a band that had, at this point, really honed their skills to a new level.  The same cannot really be said about the albums that follow (THE WHITE ALBUM has moments, LET IT BE was never able to reach the level of the vision that launched it and MAGICAL MYSTERY TOUR is more a complilation of things not included on SGT PEPPER than anything else.) except for ABBY ROAD.
B0017ASV1C|4.0|Many years on the job and seeing things most people<br />wouldn't believe, a cop can turn bad (in a good way?).<br />How do you catch a cop who knows all the methods/<br />Anger and frustration in older people who have<br />spent their lives trying to do their best<br />and still see no real improvement: actually<br />it appears that the whole social situation has gotten worse,<br />not better? Here we have a tough and tougher pair of detectives<br />played by two of the best character actors of our time.<br />Again they make the grit of the police drama come home<br />in a way that hard to watch, but well acted, directed and written.
B0000AUHPG|5.0|Arguably one of the greatest westerns ever made, this is a strange and slow moving tale of crossing paths and revenge.  Charles Bronson as the mysterious \\"Harmonica\\" whom we first see at the train station.  He is met by a trio of killers (Jack Elam, Woody Strode and Al Mulock).<br />Bronson: Did you bring a horse for me?<br />Elam (laughing): Well, I guess we're one horse shy.<br />Bronson (shaking his head): No. You brought two too many.<br />Henry Fonda as Frank, one of THE most vicious killers on film.  Jason Robard's Cheyenne and Claudia Cardinale (who has never looked more beautiful) as Jill McBain. Described by one of the featurettes as an \\"Opera of Violence\\", that is a pretty fair assessment.  Each character is pursuing a particular path that brings them all together: Harmonica is out to kill Frank (Fonda) -- for reasons which become clear toward the end.  Cardinale's character has married a man who is murdered by Frank and his gang to get his land for the railroad.  Cheyenne (Robards) is involved when Frank tries to frame him by having his men commit crimes in the type of rain slickers his men wear.  This is apparent in the bar scene where Bronson, Robards and Cardinale meet.  Cheyenne has just escaped from jail and watches into the desert bar with his men amid a cloud of dust.  Bronson is seated on the bar, playing a wailing cord on his harmonica.  In the course of things he discusses the three men who meet him at the railroad station earlier.<br />Harmonica: I saw three of those dusters a short time ago, they were waiting for a train.  Inside the dusters were three men.  Inside the men were three bullets.\\" In the final confrontation, Frank wants to know Harmonica's reason for coming after him.<br />Harmonica: Only on the point of dying.<br />This is the most complicated of the Leone westerns. A brilliant score by his long time composer Ennio Morricone -- with distinct themes for each of the major characters.  Different in many ways from the Dollars films and the last box office hit he would have. After the Dollars Trilogy he wanted to do his  gangster epic ONCE UPON A TIME IN AMERICA. Paramount convinced Leone that if he did another western they would bankroll his pet project.he would have. After the Dollars Trilogy he wanted to do his  gangster epic ONCE UPON A TIME IN AMERICA. Paramount convinced Leone that if he did another western they would bankroll his pet project.
0679735259|1.0|Fortunately I did not buy this book, it was given to me. Unfortunately I felt obliged to read it, and found it worth less than I had paid for it. I was so amazed by the how bad it was I read the whole thing, to see if it could maintain its low level of literary merit, I think it actually got worse. I would not normally bother to write a review on this book, but out of curiosity I looked at the reviews and thought ????. This is not James Joyce, or William Faulkner, this is Michael Herr, trying to get a little more fame and money out of his 18 months in Viet Nam. The only thing notable about this book is that he has managed in only 260 pages, to include every possible stereotype, caricature, and misconception there was, concerning the war and the solders. And then to read the reviews, Michael is not opening his heart to the reader he is trying very successfully to make some money. That he was in Viet Nam for so long a time and never talks of the people that live there shows how much he really cares. There are a lot of books about the Viet Nam War, many of them good, few of them as bad as this. To believe this is the way things were requires the reader to actively want it to be so.
B000002UB3|5.0|You have the sense, after LET IT BE, that the Beatles knew this would probably be the last time they would record together and really tried to make this one shine.  It shows. From \\"Come Together\\" & Lennon's other powerful tune -- \\"I Want You, She's So Heavy\\" --to Harrison's \\"Something\\" (which Frank Sinatra called one of the most beautiful love songs ever done -- and a tribute by George to his then wife Patti Boyd, as would be Eric Clapton's \\"Layla\\" & \\"Wonderful Tonight\\") this album has no real misfires.  From \\"Sun King\\" to \\"She Came in Through the Bathroom Window\\" and \\"Golden Slumbers\\" to \\"Carry that Weight\\" to \\"The End\\" (where John, Paul & George have guitar solos) it packs a pop punch that is still potent nearly 40 years later.  Other notables Paul ode to old rock \\"Oh Darling!\\" and Ringo's fanciful \\"Octopus' Garden\\".  Come one, come all.  Pleasant time is guaranteed for all!  This final LP would always be the biggest seller of their seven year run.
B000068OCS|5.0|This film was way ahead of it's time. Coppola had amazing insight as to where we are headed on a global scale.
0316143472|1.0|i ordered \\"when you are engulfed in flames\\" and received an entirely different book.  i have contacted/emailed the seller multiple times with no response at all in the past few weeks.  very disappointed with the transaction with this seller.  poor business :(
0789318121|4.0|not alot of art, over half the book is the movie script. this is a little disapointing to me because i wanted more concept art
B000W4KT64|5.0|I just finished watching this movie for like the 25th time. Watching this movie reminds me why John Travolta is one of my most favorite actors. I loved his portrayal of Mrs. Edna Turnblad. No, he didn't look like a Miss America contestant, but not many of us do. John pulled this one off, and to see him dancing and singing again was a pure joy.     Newcomer, Nikki Blonsky, was perfectly cast. It almost seems as if she were born to play Tracy Turnblad. Spunky, perky, energetic. Wow! She made me feel good just watching her. From \\"Good Morning, Baltimore\\" to \\"You Can't Stop the Beat\\", she had me smiling.    And then there's Queen Latifah, Christopher Walken, Michelle Pfeiffer, James Marsden, Zac Efron, Elijah Kelley, Brittany Snow, and Amanda Bynes. How could you NOT love a movie with all that talent?    Hairspray is now and forever gonna be one of my most favorite movies. In fact, I think I'll hit \\"play\\" again and watch it for the 26th time.
0743297334|5.0|A timeless classic -- that still moves me, even now - years after my first reading!
1594489505|5.0|Just when I thought it couldn't get any better than \\"The Kite Runner\\" here comes  \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns.\\" I can't get enough of this genius,  Hosseini.  I wait with bated breath for his next masterpiece.
B0002S947K|5.0|Ray LaMontagne is one of the great new artist to come onto the music scene in recent years - and one that will be recognized as a great musician, vocalist and songwriter years to come.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I loved the movie, I love the CD.  I play it all the time. I drive my boss crazy playing it in work.  It's hard to sit still when Mamma Mia is playing.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|There is perfect chemistry between Renee Zellwegger and Ewan McGregor, and also between the characters and the wonderful backdrop of English countryside.  The story line unfolds beautifully, following the creation of Beatrix Potter's classic children's books and the author's social life.
B000ROALCG|4.0|Marc Anthony is a great singer.  I wish he had more tracks on this CD.  I didn't understand why J-Lo had to be on the CD.  She was not featured in the movie.  She was not necessary. I would have rather heard another track from Marc.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is easily Metallica's best album in 20 years.  The only two Metallica albums that I think are better are Master of Puppets, and Ride the Lightning in that order.  Death Magnetic is better than Justice, and it's better than Kill em all.  Death Magnetic is a old-school sounding Metallica album, with modern day production.  Don't let the haters tell you different, this album not only met the hype, it's better than expected.  While your at it, download the album for Guitar Hero III.  \\"That was just your life\\" and \\"My Apocalypse\\" are a riot to play.  Welcome back Metallica, you were missed!
0385340990|1.0|After reading many positive reviews on this book, I decided to order.  I was disappointed in the fact that it did not hold my attention and I just couldn't get very excited about the book.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|The movie was wonderful and so is the soundtrack.  If you're an Abba fan you'll love this CD.
3836501899|5.0|On my desk at the moment is a cherished copy of \\"The Polaroid Book: Selections from the Polaroid Collections of Photography\\", published by Taschen. This book is a delightful ode to a fantastic art medium that is, unfortunately, fading out.    The immediacy and intimacy of Polaroid photography simply cannot be replicated by digital photography. Sure, you can pick up a digital camera and point and shoot all you like, but you won't have a completed, printed image sliding gracefully out of the camera and developing before your eyes. You will also not get the opportunity to dismember the image during its development and experiment with such delights as transfer printing.    Don't get me wrong, digital photography definitely has its merits and its vast possibilities - I'm a fanatic and practitioner myself. However, there is no other photographic medium that can possibly compare with the inimitable Polaroid - and it is sad to see it slowly diminish and disappear from the shelves.    The Polaroid Book is, in my opinion, a most fitting tribute to the Polaroid technology. Edited by Steve Crist, and with an introductory essay by Barbara Hitchcock (Director of The Polaroid Collections and written in September 2004), the book includes 254 images and a brief overview of some of the more significant cameras sold by the company.    One of the downsides of this book, like all great photographic books, is that you are left feeling somewhat let down by the fact that it is not the original works that you are looking at. The temptation to pick the image up off the page, feel it and hold it is, in my case, quite overwhelming. It is difficult not to have your browsing completely arrested by images like Joyce Tennyson's \\"Suzanne in Chair\\", Danilo Sartoni's \\"Landscape\\", Rien Bazen's almost Rothko-esque \\"(Blue Chair)\\", Bill Burke's \\"Family, Kermit, W. Va.\\" - in fact there are too many to list here, but you get the point.    The book also contains images by Andy Warhol, Robert Mapplethorpe, Ansel Adams, Harry Callahan, Paul Caponigro,David Hockney and Helmut Newton, to name but a few. Of particular interest to the book's Australian audience is \\"Sisters 1\\" by Mark Power, an image made in 1970. Is it because that photo was not taken by Bill Henson that the book has not attracted the ire of that country's wowser's?    All in all, a great reason to turn off the TV, get comfortable, and immerse yourself in the pleasures of a disappearing art medium. Maybe, hopefully, books like The Polaroid Book will trigger our collective consciences into doing what needs to be done to make this medium the giant it once was. After all, compared to the opportunities available to digital photographers, the Polaroid is quite limiting. However, isn't it limitation that is the mother of creativity? This book argues a convincing \\"YES\\". Thankfully, it has been reprinted by Taschen and is currently available at a very reasonable price. Do yourself a favour and add it to your collection today.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|All I have to say about this film is wonderful, wonderful, wonderful! Being such an enthusiastic follower of the series, I was a bit trepidacious to see if the movie would kill the fantastic ending the show left us with. But to my happy surprise, it didn't! I cannot wait to own this ab fab two-disc edition!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I'm excited to report this is the best Metallica album in years. I first heard some of it on-line and was a little dissapointed. As a major fan I got it anyway and really like it. It is probably the best since the black album. It isn't a 5 star like Puppets, Justice or the black album but they are definitely back in their grove on this one.
0385333846|5.0|Slaughterhouse Five is the sad tale of Allied firebombing of Dresden, Germany during the Second World War. The Dresden bombing caused nearly the same number of deaths as the atomic bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima.<br /><br />This novel is based on Kurt Vonnegut's own war experience and took him over two decades to finish it. Vonnegut is actually present as one of the characters; he was the constant cynical narrator who makes all deaths equivalent with his comment:\\" so it goes\\".<br />Interestingly, the novel was published during the Vietnam War, a war where technology was again used against nonmilitary targets in an unjust war.<br />Through the protagonist Billy Pilgrim, we are taken on a sad journey through the scarring traumatic horrors that war inflicts on both sides for generations to follow.<br /><br />Sarcastically, Vonnegut used the Tralfamadorians, who are aliens shaped as toilet plungers, to demonstrate the linear progression of time as opposed to all moments existing simultaneously. Through the Tralfamadorians, free will is also presented as the ultimate illusion; Beginning with Billy's childhood, free will is a repeated theme throughout the novel.<br /><br />Slaughterhouse-five, a remarkable novel that condemns war along with any bureaucratic attitudes that attempt to glorify war and its heroes, while ignoring its destructiveness and horrors.
032147404X|5.0|I was so impressed with Scott Kelby's \\"The Digital Photography Book\\" that I immediately bought his \\"The Digital Photography Book\\" #2. Scott has a wayof telling you how to use your photographic equipment and skills to produce very professional results. He skips over the 'technical jargon' and gets right to the settings and setups. Anybody who has ever tried to figure out Adobe Unsharp Mask will love this book for its straight forward advice.
0757302661|2.0|This book is problematic in one major aspect - it peddles false hope by insisting that the reader place her faith entirely in this method.  During months of preparing, breathing, and learning the hypnobirthing methods, the mother-to-be has no idea of the kind of horrendous, inhuman pain awaiting her. The book makes it sound like it is possible to identify the pain as a sensation and simply let it wash over the body without feeling it as pain. NO. It is not. I spent months doing the exercises religiously and seriously thought I was ready because in the normal state of my body - I was. But hypnobirthing really only got me through early labor before the pain became blindingly horrific. Frankly, any kind of breathing exercises would do the job during early labor.   This book plays on the desires of women to have a beautiful and natural birth experience. But it does not deliver the goods. Feel free to buy it, but take it with a grain.. no, a pound of salt and keep your mind open about other options.
0789318121|5.0|This is an amazing book that contains a ton of great color photos from the movie as well as the entire script. It is very interesting and fun to see what subtle changes occured from the script to the screen, as well as what you may have heard incorrectly at the theater. Any fan of The Dark Knight would be sure to enjoy this book.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is the best product I've ever bought! Jillian is amazing and she WILL give you amazing results all you have to do is give her 20 minutes of your day, only TWENTY MINUTES! Who doesn't have that kind of time? If you can come up with a \\"good excuse\\" then you are not serious about losing weight, gaining health, muscle, and a better you!<br /><br />There are three levels, I'm on my 16th day (level II) and I am definintely seeing great results. I won't lie to you, you probably will get sore the first few days, but don't give up! It's worth it and it goes away! Now, of course if you follow her program but keep up your nutrition with sodas, chips, and burgers, then no, I almost garuntee you nothing will happen. BUT keep up with her program, follow a good diet (no need for extremes here just be sure you're eating healthy while keeping an eye on portions)  and you won't be sorry :)
0671004107|3.0|Carl Sagan's only attempt at fiction has a fantastic premise, but the story is often overwhelmed, not just by the scientific terminology, but also by ham-handed characterization. The basics of the story are preserved for the movie, which eliminates much of Sagan's clutter (some will argue that the meat of the novel was lost, as well). Sagan struggles to find his narrative 'voice' here-perhaps understandable for a first time prose author, who almost certainly relied heavily on his co-author, both for the novel and screenplay.  I saw the movie some years ago, and by comparison, I felt the story works much better onscreen, without the 'near future' setting(which had become contemporary by the time the movie was released), and less emphasis Bradburyesque 'advanced technolgy' that sounded outdated long ago. The de-emphasis of mathematics in the film made the story much easier to follow, if not as intellectually 'weighty'.   The gist of the story is Ellie's voyage of discovery, and I feel this aspect works better in the movie, without the extraneous supporting characters seen here. Sagan tends to go off on tangents on both scientific and socio-political matters, which renders some sections very 'skippable', without really affecting the story. This is a bad sign for what should be a thought-provoking exploration of faith and the 'limits' of humanity and the universe. Instead, we're forced to endure needless verbiage as Sagan tells us the life story of each crew member in excruciatingly dull detail, simply so we'll understand who their loved ones were later on.   Some of Sagan's attempts to have certain characters 'sound' like credible 'spokespeople' for the religious community are rather hollow, given Sagan's personal viewpoint on spiritual matters. He only partially succeeds in preventing his personal feelings from spoiling the story. Scholars of mathematics will no doubt  find this more interesting than the average reader, or even the average science (or science fiction)buff.  Too many segments read like digressions in scientific lectures, rather than plot or character development of a novel.  Sagan gets carried away building and explaining the technology of the world beyond the story, and sometimes only grudgingly advances the plot.  For those who disliked the movie-sorry, but I recommend that more highly than this book. I was a bit generous with the stars-but Jodie Foster and Robert Zemeckis' vision of 'Contact' has more to do with that than the original text does!
B00192KCQ0|1.0|I Love the songs on this CD. It is the best Metallica CD in a very long time. The problem is the sound distorts so bad that I cannot listen to it. Even when it's on the local radio station I have to turn it off because the sound is so bad. Do not waste your money on this CD until they remix and relase again. In It's current form it is not something you can actually listen to. My copy sits in a drawer wasting space. One day I hope to be able to enjoy this CD. This will only happen if Metallica decides it's worth losing some profit in order to make their fans happy. I do no count on that ever happening.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|If you are into the heavier thrash that Metallica put out in the late '80s (i.e. Garage days & Justice) you will feel reunited with Metallica. The riffs are infectious, heavy and fast. Lars seems to have woke up after a 20 year hangover, remembering how to pummel his drums like a madman. Most of all James Hetfield sounds pissed off (not just 'Angry') and the lyrics are meaningful. Most of all Kirk Hammet gets to play his solos and there are some very tasteful harmonies between the songs which are very reminiscent of the 'Justice' album. This might be my favorite Metallica album yet...
6305394776|5.0|I was lucky enough to have seen part of this on television a few years ago. Now I would like to find a copy. Such an honor to watch one of the greatest organist/composers of the 20th century work up close and personal! There are clips of this available on YouTube.
0385340990|5.0|It took me three false starts to \\"get into\\" this book.  Once you have read a few of the \\"letters\\" and grasped the concept of how this book is written however, you will be hooked, as I was.<br />I so loved this book and all of it's characters.  It's wonderful how the story comes together; the reader is given a glimpse of each person through the eyes of so many others.  The net result is that one truly likes, or at least understands, the characters better.<br />I have only just finished the book and I miss it already....I wanted it to go on forever!  In the morning it moves on to my co-worker and I know she will feel regret as she passes it on next week!
1881273156|5.0|This is a great book for anyone wanting to strengthen their relationship with a spouse or family member.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Well, I was so excited to get this album that  I  listened to every song available on youtube several times, I argued that the poor quality sound was because of my laptop speakers.. In Fri 12/09 I was the first one in the record store and bought the Album, wow was I impressed!!, this is what I was expecting to hear from Metallica since ...And Justice.    I listened to the album several times through the weekend and most of the songs are very good, some parts start or sound like the crappy LOAD-RELOAD-STANGER trio but they correct the path pretty fast blowing my mind with great solos. I ripped my copy so I could hear the album at work with my headphones and after the first song I began to feel my ears hurting, the second one worse and then it came to \\"the day the never comes\\" my ears were hurting so bad because of that saturated sound trying to make the album louder, I did what no metal head should do: TURN DOWN THE VOLUME! all of this because of the #1 complaint on this album (Loudness). All these great songs and solos just sound bad because the noise saturates the headphone speakers!, I already signed the petition because this great album (probably the best Metal Album of the decade.. so far) needs to be fixed without making it sound so loud that turns into noise.  I think the ones who rated this album with one star just because of that are wrong since what all of Metallica's fans were waiting was an album with great songs and solos.. Maybe it's a trick so we all go crazy and buy a 100+ dollar ticket to watch them live without this noise!!. I'M THERE!!!.
B0002EXH4A|3.0|Purely on the basis of nostalgia 'So Far' is one of my favorite Megadeth albums. It was obviously not the best technically or artistically, (Mustaine's interpretation of the 'Anarchy In The UK' lyrics never gets any less cringe-worthy!;o) but just because it reminds me of a really great period in time. So if you sanitize, 're-imagine', clean-up the original record you destroy the main plus point for me, the nostalgia aspect. The end result is a lackluster sterile bloat-rock fiasco. Is it a joke? Why? .. \\"If i know i'm going crazy, I must not be insane\\" (ok...) \\"Woo Hoo Hoo!!!\\" (What the? where the hell did that come from?)    Please everyone just leave the past alone and consentrate on creating something new instead of defecating over existing recording/films/tv that are perfectly good as they are!!!!    Deep breaths...
0452286751|5.0|Ayn Rand created a real, modern fairy tale with The Fountainhead.  It is hard to find a more honorable literary figure than Rand's creation of Howard Roark.  The focus of the novel is mainly set on the true natures of people.  You find those who manipulate, those who bully, those who parasite, and one who stands only for purity in how he sees the world.  You will also surely be able to point out appropriate figures in your own life as the are archetyped here.    The relationships among the players are complicated and seem at times to be become completely contradictory.  The result is that those who need to build a common concept of purity ultimately lose out to those who bravely and independently create their own.    You may come away from this book actually believing in the fairy tale that honesty and purity (in purpose) can truly lead to poverty, but happiness.
0307265730|5.0|I absolutely loved every story, specially the last three, linked stories. The ending made me cry. Her words are so beautiful.
0596009208|5.0|I had to get this book for an Intro Java class I'm taking. The \\"teacher\\" is basically reading the book as part of his lessons. I've learned more from this book than I have from the \\"teacher\\". This book has a unique approach to teaching programming, and so far I think it's working. Other programming books I have read, are really dry and boring, this book is the opposite.
B001641ZFS|5.0|The music is tight. Great violin work from Carmignola, Abbado's conducting is always delightful. He gives Mozart's concertos the same intensity he would when performing Vivaldi's concertos. Highly recommended
B0011KQSZ4|4.0|I have always enjoyed British humor, but this is one of the funniest movies I have seen. Exceptional cast and great writing and directing have made this one you do not want to miss. I think most families no matter what nationality will \\"get\\" the jokes and probably be having several laughs. Imagine you are going to your fathers funeral and just about everything that can go wrong does. Sounds horrible doesn't it? Well in this case it is incredibly funny. WARNING! You will see halucinogenic drugs, the backside of naked men, and dead people. However, you will be amazed at how funny that can be. I suggest this for teens and up. Good quality DVD with basic extras and good replayability. If you enjoyed this catch \\"Waking Ned Devine\\" and \\"Hot Fuzz\\".<br /><br />CA Luster
B0001I562I|5.0|This was one of my favorite movies as a kid. When I saw it on Amazon, I had to buy it for my son. He loved it as well. Shipping was fast.
B000K7VHQE|4.0|Most families will enjoy this because most families aren't mental about making their young daughters look like street women for a beauty contest. I found this movie refreshing and I loved the family. Each member was developed exceptionally well. We see the typical family with it's highs and lows. The underbelly if you will of a realistic family and not some reality show which is more made up than the charaterizations in this movie. I recommend this if you enjoy melodramas. After all what is comedy without some drama? Good quality DVD with minimum extras. Decent replayability. If you enjoyed this catch \\"Best in Show\\" and \\"As Good as it Gets\\".<br /><br />CA Luster
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|This is an excellent, exciting show...if you purchase this item, you will not be disappointed.  Your gonna want to get Season 2 as well.
B000AP04L0|4.0|Long before TV shows like \\"The Office\\" and other work comedies \\"Office Space\\" hit a cord with most office workers. This 1999 movie pointed out printers that suck, bosses that suck, and employees that suck. It makes the keen observation that employees with backbone and creativity are capable of becoming managers or embezzlers that fear picking up soap in prison. We see three key employees hatch a plan to get enough to retire on once two find out the companies downsizing includes them. The irony is the employee worried about where his office moves and stapler will end up is the one that truly gets even with the boss and company in one fell swoop. This is a reasonably funny movie that has good replayability. Good quality DVD with a few extras on the special edition with flair. If you enjoyed this catch \\"Employee of the Month\\" and \\"Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy\\".<br /><br />CA Luster
0374531269|4.0|This book is a good read. It is a an eye opener to read about these kids in Africa.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've been trying to lose my \\"mama belly\\" for over a year.  These workouts are amazing.  First, you get 3 for only $10-15 (I paid $10).  Also, the actual workout is 22-23 minutes (plus a few minutes for warm-up and cooldown).  And for that, you'll get totally whipped into shape!  You need to be somewhat fit to begin with, but Jillian can take 27 minutes (total) and give you flat abs, defined arms and legs, and a firm butt, all while burning fat and building cardio fitness.  These are HARD workouts, but if  you want to work out for 22 minutes and see results, you have to work hard (as Jillian says).  I wish she'd included the intro separately so I don't have to watch it EVERY TIME I WORK OUT, but other than that, this was a really cheap and really effective way to access Jillian's program.  I've only been using it for about 3 weeks, and I'm getting lots of compliments and noticing definition in my arms and abs that I've never achieved through other means.
B000P0J09W|5.0|Every generation has certain movies that will always transport them back to childhood. \\"The Goonies\\" does that for alot of people in my generation. The cool thing about this flick is, not only does it take you back, but, once there, it captures so wonderfully what the best moments of being a kid felt like. Yes, the plot is mostly a fantasy-the ultimate wish fulfillment of having a great adventure, and saving the day. However, the soul of the movie-why it's still cherished today-is it's understanding of friendship and family. \\"Stand By Me\\" is the only other film that has so accurate a portrait of adolescent boys interacting with each other. The cast had such an amazing chemistry. Great direction by Richard Donner, and this is Spielberg magic in it's prime. This fantastic DVD presentation does the film justice. Some may think this movie is way too 80's, but to me \\"The Goonies\\" is an essential classic.
0767827791|5.0|It's difficult to believe that \\"Picnic\\" was shot 50 years ago!  Excellent look at small town festival time, rich guy , pretty girl from other side of tracks , ex- college jock passing through town , desperate  to marry aging beauty , all wrapped up with the great theme song joining \\"Picnic \\" & \\" Moonglow\\".   The scene with Kim Novak ,the pretty girl , swaying down a ramp, clapping her hands to the music , then  touching hands and slow dancing with William Holden is one most viewers  who are young at heart will cherish !
0061537934|5.0|I was talked into  reading this by a friend who adored it, and although I was skeptical about reading a book narrated by a dog, I read it so we could talk about it --- and I am so glad that I did.<br /><br />I finished it a couple of days ago in my perfect \\"reading place\\", my screened porch - a good place to hide the \\"good tears\\" that I shed. The book was as good and as moving as my friend said it was.....just a wonderful story.<br /><br />This was a quick read because you are dying to find out what happened.<br /><br />The background to the story was car racing, used as a metaphor. Thus the title. I have no interest in car racing, but this did not interfere with my enjoyment of the story.<br /><br />Enzo (the dog narrator) is so lovable and memorable and so very wise that I will long remember him. I especially loved that Enzo thought he looked like George Clooney, around the eyes! That made me laugh so hard! Enzo's opinions and his views on life were just great! How can one not love a dog who is firmly convinced that he will be reborn as a man and prepares for it every day of his dog-life?<br /><br />This book deserved more press than \\"Edgar Sawtelle\\", for sure!
0930289234|5.0|It started off slow/confusing, but as you read more and learned more, it just became SO difficult to put this down! I picked up this book because my friends that love comics had told me it was a great book, and I wanted to read it in anticipation for the movie. I'm normally not a fan of comic books, but this one really kept me on the edge of my seat!
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I had no idea what a treat was in store for me when I found this gem. I had already watched two series based on Gaskell's books and did not know about this one.<br /><br />The story features two characters from different levels of society, set against the background of the industrial north of England in the 19th century.<br /><br />Margaret hates the north, to which she has been forced to move, and especially the privileged mill owner, John Thornton, whom she sees as exploiting the working class.<br /><br />The story follows them as they both change their minds about many things and as Margaret becomes accustomed to her new locale and its needs. Both rise above their prejudices.<br /><br />The exploration of this time and place was very well done and interesting. The casting was very good, the sets were convincing, and the production was powerful.
0930289234|5.0|I'm not a comic book reader, ie. I don't buy or read comic books with any regualrity but this book is fantastic. Good story line, better than most novels. Well drawn and interesting characters. Someone told me theres a movie on this coming out but they'll probably screw that up. Highly recommended!
B000PFUA9G|5.0|This is one of artist that you should buy the WHOLE album. The extra stuff that will never hit radio is what makes it so special. If you love country music pick up the CD and enjoy. Warning - when you first listen to Bigger Fish To Fry and  When We All Get To Heaven - you will laugh out loud moments - it was hard to explain while I was at work!
0930289234|5.0|Excellent read for a darker look into the minds of man. A cool spin on a world of superheros. i wouldnt recomend this book to those who dislike violence language because there is alot of it
B001AJVR5M|5.0|this album is AMAZING!!!! that might be because im a little obsessed with the jonas brothers but seriously it's fantastic!!!  you have the typical jonas brothers with 'got me going crzy' and the cool dancy 'burnin up' then you have the great 'love bug' which goes from just a guitar and slowish song to a full on rockin'  if you're a jonas fan you'll LOVE it!!!!  if you're not, then become one because you'll love it too :D  x x x
0671646788|5.0|This book has been one of the biggest influences for me in my life.  \\"Thoughts, positive or negative, grow stronger when fertilized with constant repetition.\\"  Readers quickly begin to see the connection between worrying and actual misfortune as something they have control over.  Thinking positively and not letting yourself be limited by negativity and skepticism has amazing effects on your life and who you see youself as, and it affects who you will become.  Read this book if you at all concerned with achieving your goals no matter how BIG they are.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|I'm not going into depth on the songs.  There are 250+ other reviews here for you to get opinions from.  Ultimately, whether or not you like the music is a very subjective, personal opinion.  I personally like it a lot.  Unfortunately, the sound quality on this album is deplorable.  The music is heavily compressed and badly clipped.  The resulting sound is not just 1-dimensional and lifeless, but thanks to the clipping, it's raspy and literally painful if turned up loud, and at minimum, highly fatiguing at comfortable listening volumes.  It's really a travesty, because this is an album that I could listen to over and over if it wasn't so physically unpleasant to do so.  The direction that the entire industry has headed over the past few years with this \\"loudness war\\" is really upsetting.  They're literally ruining great music during the mixing & mastering phase of production, all in the name of making louder, attention-getting \\"radio friendly\\" music.    This would get 4.5 or 5 stars from me if the sound quality was \\"acceptable\\".  The sound quality is so bad on this album that it really ruins the whole experience for me, and because of that, my overall rating is only a 3.    Now I just hope that somebody will remix & remaster this album so that I can actually enjoy it, but I'm not holding my breath.  There's not enough money to be made in that.
B0013FNC38|5.0|I thought this album sounded interesting.  I love Brett Dennen and Jack Johnson, but this guy almost blows them away.  I will be listening to this album for a long time and checking out his other stuff.  You can use it to dance around the room or to relax.  It is a great uplifter for my day!!! LOVE IT!!!!
0767817451|2.0|Godzilla  Godzilla came out during a splurge of \\"epic\\" titles began appearing. The creators of [[ASIN:B00008G8M3 Independence Day]] had so much success with that movie, they decided that Epic was the way to go. So, taking the extremely cheesy Godzilla and turning it into a high-budget epic movie seemed like a good move right? Sadly, no it is not. There are some good things about this film, but there is also a lot that I dislike.    If you have ever heard of Godzilla before, you know the premise of this story. Godzilla is a giant dinosaur-like creature that has been created due to radiation mutation. This is all explained very well in this movie. A French territory in the Pacific has been used for Nuclear weapon testing for a long time. This caused a certain Lizard to evolve into the empire state building-size Godzilla. The creature has been swimming around the ocean terrorizing ships and people along the way. Eventually, Godzilla finds his way to New York City. The United States Military and French Secret Service are trying to stop Godzilla.    Our main characters are Nick, a nuclear radiation specialist, and Audrey, a girl looking to become a reporter. Nick soon discovers that Godzilla could possibly be reproducing asexually. This could create over 40,000 Godzillas in just a year if they do not stop the single Godzilla they have now. Audrey tries to get information from Nick in order to better her career. This is not a bad group of characters.    The problems with this movie come in the script. The actors are constantly making corny jokes about what is going on. It seems like the characters are not fearful of the monstrous Godzilla. In addition, there is a complete lack of screaming in this film. The characters are too busy making corny jokes about there death defying experiences. Therefore, Godzilla comes off as a goofy character that people make fun of; this ruins any mood that the film could possibly set up.    Godzilla himself is animated well at time and poorly at other times. Considering when this movie was made, the animation is good. Sometimes lighting does not work correctly with the background. Other times Godzilla comes off as just too fake looking.    I like the idea that Godzilla can swim and burrow in the ground. It makes him feel more lizard like. Some of the animations of Godzilla swimming or crawling through a subway are the best in the movie. One animation I hate seeing in this movie is Godzilla dodging missiles constantly in this movie. Godzilla seems to dodge every single attack that comes at him. Then when he finally is hit with a missile, he drops down dead. It makes him feel like he was never a threat at all; the pilots just had bad aiming.    No one who is a fan of the cheesy Japanese flicks should expect that type of movie. I have never seen them, but I know they are nothing like this movie. This movie is an epic, high-budget American film. Unless you are a Godzilla freak, this is a waste of time. I would also like to point out that the ending leads into a cartoon series that aired on Fox Kids. There will be no sequel, and that is a good thing.
B000P12LWY|4.0|The Tudors is a highly stylized portrayal of King Henry VIII's reign.  Meaning while it is beautifully portrayed and a lot of fun, it isn't really historically accurate.  That being said, the costumes are beautiful, the casting job really is excellent, and it's a great series to watch if you have some free time! Pity there are only 10 episodes per season!
0143113100|5.0|This is a fantastic and challenging read!  It breaks old ideas and challenges us to consider new thoughts on how versatile the brain might be.  This is a great read for teachers, parents, and anyone who works with really young children.  There is great help given to those of us approaching our 50's-60's!  My book choice of the year!      Kathleen
B001AJVR5M|4.0|this CD was purchased for my daughter.  She is a big fan and absolutely loves the new songs.
034544678X|5.0|I am recommending this book to all my friends and family with a dog.  I started using some tips right away with my 6 yr old dog and have seen immediate results---getting him to stop barking and come to me with a single word is the BEST so far!  Many of the things Dr. McConnell writes of regarding a dog's view of human behavior seem like common sense, I am not sure why I didn't \\"get it\\" before.  I wish I had read this book before I got a dog because it really illuminates all the behaviors I have that simply confuse, confound, and frighten my canine friends.
B0014I4KIK|3.0|This CD is alright. \\"Rockferry\\" and \\"Warwick Avenue\\" are great songs. The rest to me are ehh. I had much higher expectations after hearing many rave reviews. Her voice just doesn't sound effortlessly powerful to me (compared to some other similar female artists) and she sounds like she has a cold....if she could just get rid of some of that nasal sound, could be a lot better...and if she could just get rid of some of the cheesy lyrics.
0670020745|5.0|Thanks to Dr. Taylor for writing this rare gem.  I can't imagine a more knowledgeable, more vivid account of a malady that strikes so many of our loved ones yet is understood by so few \\"civilians.\\" You will learn not only about the Taylor's stroke itself but also the brain functions that were affected by it -- not to mention that slippery state called cognition.<br /><br />If you are in doubt about the compelling nature of this incident as well as Dr. Taylor's storytelling ability, listen to her interview with Terry Gross on Fresh Air. It's in the archives. And then read the book.<br /><br />The archives are at the NPR.org website or (if this link makes it) here:<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />Gina Pera
B0010V4TZU|4.0|This is the most fun CD I've heard in years! It makes me want to dance on a beach. Very reggae-esk---however, I don't like reggae usually, so don't let that description turn you off. They are extremely creative with a lot of different sounds (one song sounds like an Irish jig to me). This is the best driving music and you just want to sing along and smile. I would give this CD a five star if it wasn't so short...I just feel like it's too short (10 songs---but lots of songs are pretty short)....it's just over too soon. The only bad song \\"Blake's Got a New Face\\"---the chorus is just awful....what were they thinking? Every other song is awesome!
B001BR5F4C|5.0|Amazing movies! If you're not into old kung fu and samurai movies, which these movies reference and refine into a work of art, don't watch them and give bad reviews. You all must accept that you just don't get it. But if you are into asian cinema of this sort, well then these movies are for you.
B00013F38K|5.0|One of the best T.V. series of all time! A young orphan boy,of Chinese-American parents is accepted into a Chinese monastery,Where he learns the life of a priest.But because of the brutal murder of one of his teachers,he in return murders the killer & has to flee to America!There he searches for his family.Series includes stars John Saxon,Brandon Cruz & John Carradine.David Carradine stars an exceptional actor!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I say nearly speechless only because I want to rave about this album a bit.  I'm not going to delve into a track by track.  I will say instead that nothing has made me want to headbang so much in a looooong time.  James' downtuning sounds brutal, Kirk is making his guitar shriek unlike anything he's done in a while, Lars is his usual battering self (although there are time sigs on here they have never used before), and the addition of Robert's overall mastery of the bass make this Metallica's best album in what feels like forever.  Riffs came out of nowhere and actually made me pause to stare at the speakers in awe that these guys can still find such cool, gnarly sounds.     I am not one of the \\"old Metallica naysayers\\" who whine about each album they have put out since Puppets or Justice.  I take every album as it's own work and go from there.  There is absolutely no way to take Death Magnetic other than, \\"IT FREAKING ROCKS!!!\\"  End of Rant.
B0014I4KIK|4.0|Duffy has done a great job of her tunes here. I like each one and she adds some sweet nuances that are feminine and sexy while delivering the music in a clear, melody. Enjoyed the album. Wished their were more cuts on it. Found it short. NCB. Okanagan,Canada
B000002ADT|5.0|With a line-up including Cannonball Adderley, Paul Chambers, James Cobb, Bill Evans, Wynton Kelly, and of course, the magnificent John Coltrane (all of this besides the one and only Miles Davis), how could this album be anything but incredible?  With all of that remarkable and diverse talent, it's a wonder this record isn't a bit more ostentatious, or at least a little self indulgent.  However, listening to Kind of Blue, one gets the distinct impression that the musicians involved in this recording felt were less concerned with wild solo work than with creating a pleasant atmosphere for the listener.  They seem to be at ease with one another, and the record flows marvelously well.  The pacing is cool and calm and lures you into a state of relaxation unlike few albums I've ever encountered.  This edition of the classic release adds a bonus alternate version of \\"Flamenco Sketches\\" which to my ears may even better the original.  This is a very logical place for the uninitiated jazz listener to start, as it is a staple of every jazz collection and one of the most accessible jazz works ever recorded.
B000UNYK3A|4.0|There are documented cases of these \\"hostels\\" existing.  so, i guess you could say that the concept is based on true events. This film gives the audience a walk-threw of several young adults, living their lives as carelessly as most usually do...when something happens that (if they live) changes their lives forever. It was an awesome horror movie experience, terrifyingly graphic, and the somewhat passive attitude that suggests \\"it's JUST a severed limb...or its JUST an eyeball on her cheek...or it's JUST another humans life\\" made the film very darkly entertaining and at the same time, all the more difficult to sit threw. After watching this, i had a similar vibe as to the one i got from watching the original Blair Witch Project. Not really scary, just really creepy atmosphere...and above average acting.    The sequel, however, is a different story...
0375424474|4.0|I had to get this book for a class. I wasn't really looking forward to reading it to be honest and it turned out to be quite a surprise. I absolutely enjoyed it and I'd recommend it to anyone interested in this subject.
B00005JM02|4.0|My two year old absolutely LOVES this movie!  Which is surprising because no cartoon without music has caught his attention for more than 5 minutes.  But not Nemo, he sits so calmly and quitely and watches this movie from start to finish.  He'd watch it over and over if I let him.
B001EC9V58|5.0|I did enjoy this movie and really recommend it to every lover of the terror movies. I'm looking forward to have it in my collection.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|May be the best thing that was ever on TV. Never laughed so much. I love it!
0061537934|4.0|I was a little worried I wouldn't be able to get into the book, but honestly I loved it! I read the whole thing in one weekend. It was a nice easy read that made me laugh and cry.
B000VECAC6|5.0|There are certain movies that stand out on the holidays.  This is not one of them.  It probably should be.  You will find that many of the Python crew plays many different characters in the movie.<br /><br />Now the truth can be told.  It all starts with three wise men delivering gifts to young Brian.  Oops they correct their mistake.  Later, Judea, 33 A.D., on a Saturday afternoon, once again Brian (Graham Chapman) is a tad far down the mount when they hear what sounds as \\"blessed are the cheese makers\\" (it's not meant to be taken literally that could mean any manufacturer).  That is where Brian first sees Judith (Sue Jones.)  Later he shall be involved in the People's Front of Judea.  Later still he will be mistaken for the messiah (it is a logical mistake).  Two factions fight over who owns the messiah (the Shoe Followers and Gourd Followers.)<br /><br />You will recognize many of your favorite vices and verses.  One of the highlights of the story is the speech given by Pilate and Biggus Dickus.<br />As with most complex movies you will find the one you are looking for Python comedy, fanatic parody, or if you wish a deeper meaning.<br /><br />If you enjoyed this movie the next on your list should be \\"Wholly Moses\\" (1983) with Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00023GG8K Wholly Moses!]]
B000C65Z1G|4.0|This is one of Rachel Weisz's  best performances. The film although drags here and there, it does tell the story of how pharmaceutical companies ruthlessly do business in Africa. \\"This is how Africa gets f*cked\\", spoken by a character towards the end, sums it all up.<br />With gorgeous colors, and the beautiful landscape of Kenya, the story jumps back and forth and really does a good job of showing the love between Ralph Fiennes and Weisz.<br />Not for action fans, but for anyone who likes to think about the film they're watching and enjoying a decent tale of corporate deeds done ruthlessly.
B000ZN802W|5.0|This movie is so intense and so moving at the same time. Emile is Chris all the way! Every person should watch this movie, it teaches a lot.  It is very sad that Chris learned the hard way. Great book, awesome movie!!
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book!  For me the end of the series was great.  I was very satisfied with the way everything wrapped up.  My only hope is that she does write more in this series or even do a series with Jacob.
B000R7HY0K|4.0|Quentin Tarantino's Grindhouse experience that he was aching to make  and give was released as double feature. His segment was standout  called Death Proof. A delicious homage to the spirit of 70's B-Grade  exploitative violent movie genre with style starring Curl Russell in a  lethal lead role. Constructed in two acts, one in a bar and second on a  highway- movie is blast with Tarantino dialog, lap-dances, pulp  soundtracks, one shocking showdown and a great car chase sequence.  Delivering cinematic pleasure once again, Death Proof is one of the  best movies of the year.
B0010VD7EO|5.0|I first heard of MGMT on a local radio station. \\"Time to Pretend\\" started off strangely, and I fell in love with it. My 4-year old daughter loved their songs. Kids was catchy and addictive. I really love it when an album unexpectedly excites and interests me. I think MGMT has a winning formula, and I can't wait for their next album...
B0013FSL3E|3.0|I'm ashamed of myself for dissing Pixar like this, and I really tried to convince myself after the movie that it wasn't that bad...but I finally admit it...I am really disappointed. Ever since Toy Story I have been a huge Pixar fan and have yet to be let down by them until now with WALL-E.    I will get the good points out of the way now because they're obvious: superb animation, shots, and direction, and I really appreciated the lack of dialog and the focus on non-verbal communication throughout most of this movie; it all helped tell the story of the Earth being left behind by humanity for clean-up by robots. However, what really sinks WALL-E is the introduction of the human characters and the confusingly poor choice by the director to combine live actors with clearly cartoon animated \\"actors\\". This really did not work. Not to mention having Fred Willard as one of the main human characters; his funky humor worked well in Best In Show, but it was totally out-of-place here. As well, the development of the animated characters was sub-par and too cartoonish; they came off as unfinished to me.    The other disappointing and at times annoying part of WALL-E is the overtly political and environmental tone it attempts to take on yet fails miserably. WALL-E tries to make a case for being less greedy and materialistic, and more green and caring for the Earth (how trendy). While I agree whole-heartedly with this sentiment, I felt the argument presented by WALL-E was like that of a rebellious teenager who doesn't quite know what they're fighting against but uses their emotional angst to push their point over on the world around them with little impact other than to make themselves appear naive and in vain. WALL-E came off as pushy and childish in this respect, not to mention unbelievable in its \\"vision\\" of the future should humanity continue on its mass-consumeristic course.    In closing, maybe I was expecting too much from Pixar with WALL-E. I mean, the majority of reviews (critics and readers alike) as evidenced by Metacritic.com, are overwhelmingly great. Not to mention Pixar's track record thus far. I can't help but feel perplexed at how well this movie has been received and just what it was that I missed.
0439023483|5.0|Spoiler-Free Review:<br /><br />I'm 26 years old and I loved this book. It's marketed for ages \\"12 and over\\" but I really do think it's an enjoyable read for anyone. It's a well written character-driven novel. The plot is interesting (think of the Survivor TV show but the contestants are between 12 and 18 and they have to kill each other) and constantly keeps you guessing but it's the emotional attachment to the characters that kept me hooked. Katniss Everdeen lives in a world of horrific government oppression but I liked that this wasn't a \\"good vs evil\\" story, there are shades of moral grey and complex emotions just like in the real world. It's a very violent story set in a violent world and I'm glad that it's not watered down.<br /><br />This is the first in a trilogy, something that isn't advertised until you get to the end and it says \\"End of Book One.\\" I'm definitely going to read the sequels. After you've read this you might want to check out [...] where there are some good video interviews with the author.<br /><br />I highly recommended this book. Based on the title/cover/blurb I wasn't that interested but I'm very glad I read it. I'll be thinking about the characters until the sequels are published!
B00008AJL5|5.0|Five instruments, one molten guitar tone, and one awesome, charismatic front man - this is metal minimalism. It takes talent to pull something like this off, since if you don't know what you're doing it'll just sound boring. And while it is totally repetitive, seven of these eight songs spatter blood, guts, and dangerous levels of wattage everywhere. You know that scene in Back to the Future where Marty plugs into that huge amp, plays a power chord, and is sent flying backwards? That's this album. If you like the style, you'll probably appreciate this album - if you don't, there's a good chance you'll disdain it. But I like it! You got the guitars shooting sparks and lightning bolts everywhere, Bon Scott parodying the cocky machismo of most rock frontmen, and not much else. But you don't need much else! The tone is set for this album by the overwhelming rock power of \\"Go Down,\\" which makes the best of its simple but absolutely catchy riff. It's about the tone, man! And Angus' solos. Bon Scott's funny on it, too, singing about a girl with lips that \\"make a heathen pray\\". And it's not because of the way she talks, either. Or the way she kisses. Actually, it depends on where she plants that wet one. *Drummer does the \\"ba-doom, crash!\\" thing*. And it doesn't let up, either! Check out the chugging, birth-of-rock title track (a classic!), the retro Chuck Berry boogie of \\"Whole Lotta Rosie\\" (another classic!), and the twenty-kajillion ton payload of \\"Problem Child\\" (a third classic! Noticing a pattern?). \\"Hell Ain't a Bad Place to Be\\" is a fine song, too. It also got the group into some trouble with the evangelicals, who took one look at the title and flipped out. But don't they know a metaphor when they see one? It's about freakin' unconditional love, not literally hanging out with Satan! \\"Bad Boy Boogie\\" also kicks out the jams, parodying \\"Hoochie Coochie Man,\\" \\"I'm Ready\\" and any other macho blues anthem you can name yourself. \\"Dog Eat Dog\\" is fun, too, because of Scott's cool \\"barking dogs\\" vocal. The one song that doesn't work, and the album's biggest problem other than redundancy, is \\"Overdose\\" - a single riff, and two or three lines of lyrics, repeated for six minutes. If you can somehow ignore it, you have one of AC/DC's finest albums. Oh, and listen to the guitar solos! It's Angus Young unchained, this is!'s cool \\"barking dogs\\" vocal. The one song that doesn't work, and the album's biggest problem other than redundancy, is \\"Overdose\\" - a single riff, and two or three lines of lyrics, repeated for six minutes. If you can somehow ignore it, you have one of AC/DC's finest albums. Oh, and listen to the guitar solos! It's Angus Young unchained, this is!
B00000F14B|4.0|The Music Man, of course, is a fantastic movie and the movie itself is excellent.  However, I was not happy about the delivery time.  I had ordered it on a Wed., and paid the extra for faster delivery.  I was told the 'estimated' delivery would be Friday, but didn't get arrive at the house until Tuesday.  I have never had this happen with Amazon.  I was disappointed because I had wanted it no later than Saturday because it was a gift.
B0016A2FFG|4.0|First off, forgive the rambling nature of this review. My brain was totally scrambled when I wrote it, and only got unscrambled recently.<br />Anyway, it took me way too long to get around to this one. I feel like such an idiot for letting the entire summer slip by before I listened to it. Oh, hey, Al Green's got a new album out? Great! After I finish with my seventeenth listen to the entire Radiohead catalog, I'll give it a shot! Oh, wait, I've also got that big pile of obscure Coltrane records to listen to... and all of Al Green's older stuff... and new albums by R.E.M., Counting Crows, Elvis Costello, Weezer, Van Morrison, Coldplay, and Beck... I am terrible with new releases. And I haven't even gotten into all of the albums by artists I like that are coming out sometime during this year's second half. Including a new batch of Van Morrison re-releases! And, hopefully, a Stevie Wonder album! (Though I'm not holding out too much hope - it was due out in January, after all. It'll probably brilliant, though, because it's Stevie Wonder). Given how long it took me to get around to this one (and I've got no clue why, as I was listening to a lot of Al Green this summer), I probably won't even have half of those under my belt until 2009 or whenever. So yeah, I've been a little preoccupied lately. And I really wish I had listened to this one earlier. Because it's good. It's even more retro than Everything's OK (another good album!), but I have no problem with that whatsoever, because Green gave us a great set of songs, and his voice is still in top form after decades. Lush ballads like the title track, \\"Take Your Time,\\" \\"You've Got the Love I Need\\" sit next to ace pop gems such as \\"What More Do You Want from Me?\\" (Jazzy guitar licks! You've got me hooked!) and \\"Just for Me\\" and funk such as \\"No One But You,\\" a very welcome return to songs in the style of \\"Love and Happiness.\\" ?uestlove of the Roots produces, but he doesn't even try to make it modern. He also drums, and his drumming is very sturdy, reliable, and good. A few guests crop up here and there, and they add a lot: Anthony Hamilton adds gritty counterpoint vocals to the title track and \\"You've Got the Love I Need,\\" Corrine Rae Bailey shows up to make \\"Take Your Time\\" a sweet duet, and John Legend (the only one of the three guest vocalists I had heard of beforehand) sings on \\"Stay With Me (By the Sea).\\" By the way, John Legend sounds a lot like Al Green, and there is no way that's an accident. The vocal inflections of old come back on the title track and \\"Too Much,\\" and that is cause for celebration in my eyes. Plus the vocals on \\"Wild About You\\" are very, very soulful. And, um... good album! A bit generic, but who cares? Al Green makes generic sound good!umming is very sturdy, reliable, and good. A few guests crop up here and there, and they add a lot: Anthony Hamilton adds gritty counterpoint vocals to the title track and \\"You've Got the Love I Need,\\" Corrine Rae Bailey shows up to make \\"Take Your Time\\" a sweet duet, and John Legend (the only one of the three guest vocalists I had heard of beforehand) sings on \\"Stay With Me (By the Sea).\\" By the way, John Legend sounds a lot like Al Green, and there is no way that's an accident. The vocal inflections of old come back on the title track and \\"Too Much,\\" and that is cause for celebration in my eyes. Plus the vocals on \\"Wild About You\\" are very, very soulful. And, um... good album! A bit generic, but who cares? Al Green makes generic sound good!
0618680004|4.0|Richard Dawkins makes a compelling argument for the non-existance of the traditional concept of God as a physically manifested being. Using logic and empirical science to chip away at magical and mystical beliefs Dawkins exposes organized religion to be an irrational, superstitious and fear-based cudgel used and propagated to control the minds and economics of the masses. Dogmatic beliefs are deconstructed and revealed as ancient mans best guess to explain his own existance without the encumberance of proof or understanding. The idea that God does not exist is a frightening one to most people but Dawkins is not afraid to say it and take responsibility for the destiny of humanity out of the hands of God and put it within our own grasp.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|This is Metallica's best album since The Black Album.  Too bad it is mastered so poorly(loudly).  This album has lost almost all dynamic range due to clipping.
B000EMG6UW|5.0|I adore this CD!  It is more etherial than any of David's other solos, more like, well, Pink Floyd. If you like Floyd, you will love this. Richard Wright's contributions on keyboards are evident and kudos to the mysterious \\"Polly Sampson\\" who wrote a good deal of the lyrics.  She is in fact Mrs. David Gilmour. The CD is thematic for a good portion, like Dark Side of the Moon, or Wish You Were Here, but as the title says, from the perspective of being on an island.  It isn't hard to imagine that either; just dim the lights, turn off the phone and turn it on.
031606792X|5.0|I love all the books and this one took me longer to read because I was so sad that it was the last one and I didn't want it to end!
B000T9OP7G|5.0|Great dvd of this series season one.  Lots of extras, and so nice to watch full episodes, one after another, with no commercials !!!  Totally worth the few dollars to buy it !  A classic, on par with all the 3 previous Terminator films.
0618918248|5.0|It took me three readings of this book and a lot of courage to write this review. The earth has spun around the sun once, and I have moved from one continent to another. It probably doesn't matter what a bread crumb like me thinks about the big cheese, and it probably wouldn't make any difference to Dawkins himself, but I persist. I am sure he did not intend this book for an elite minority.<br /><br />As a writer Dawkins has excelled before and this book is probably not one of his greatest literary gems, it is however one last attempt by the aging sage to slap the world to its senses. He has singlehandedly succeeded in some ways, but as it is hardly surprising, lost the battle even before it was started. He is vastly outnumbered in money and mortals. The sanity of Dawkins might make him think that religious delusion can be cured by logic, and reasoning, by trying to expose the fraud that is in every religion and by exploding the myth that is god, but it is an unlikely cure. What people need is another delusion or just a long passage of time. In Robert Sapolsky's last chapter on religion in 'The trouble with testosterone' the schizotypal personality succumbs to supernatural belief. It is not too nutty to think that most of us are nuts - and it shows in our irrationality. Religion and other superstitions are just one color in the spectrum, there are more. Even the most learned and educated person has some sort of latent bent for the anecdotal, the generalized, the black and white in preference to the shades of gray. We are the work in progress and if evolution could give a damn, then it would, but it doesn't care, and so we are stuck with this massive wiring in our head, which can make believe and want to make believe. We don't always have time to shave let alone do mental statistics. We are stuck with the alpha male who sleeps with the schizophrenic babbler in a wallet. And then we are stuck with these ancient texts that will not amuse us in the years ahead, but we won't have a choice, because democracy believe it or not is not an atheist. Democracy is Hindu or a Christian or a Jew, but Democracy is for the lack of sanity not agnostic or an atheist. Science is fortunately still the greatest power that there is - and if the religious don't want to agree - just ask them to skip all the pain killers in this life. You gotta love the irony sometimes.<br /><br />This should be about this book - but I got a little carried away. I would love to see people read this book, and although it is a difficult read, and you can sometimes hear Dawkin's teeth gnashing through the words and between the lines, it is an important read.<br /><br />If you are religious - you might want not to read this book, as it will make you feel a little deprived of senses and intellect. If we come up with a simulation for a model god, then that god must read this book to warm up to its early demise.<br /><br />Hats off to Dawkins and I hope someone saves his brain so that we can plant it in later generation when the science would allow such a feat. The bull dogs against the gods are becoming extinct. If a brain transplant is too much to ask for, then perhaps hope that someone writes the pages in rocks and metal so it survives the ages, so that if we land ourselves in yet another primeval epoch, there will at least be one ancient book that would sound sane. Long live this book.e a choice, because democracy believe it or not is not an atheist. Democracy is Hindu or a Christian or a Jew, but Democracy is for the lack of sanity not agnostic or an atheist. Science is fortunately still the greatest power that there is - and if the religious don't want to agree - just ask them to skip all the pain killers in this life. You gotta love the irony sometimes.     This should be about this book - but I got a little carried away. I would love to see people read this book, and although it is a difficult read, and you can sometimes hear Dawkin's teeth gnashing through the words and between the lines, it is an important read.    If you are religious - you might want not to read this book, as it will make you feel a little deprived of senses and intellect. If we come up with a simulation for a model god, then that god must read this book to warm up to its early demise.    Hats off to Dawkins and I hope someone saves his brain so that we can plant it in later generation when the science would allow such a feat. The bull dogs against the gods are becoming extinct. If a brain transplant is too much to ask for, then perhaps hope that someone writes the pages in rocks and metal so it survives the ages, so that if we land ourselves in yet another primeval epoch, there will at least be one ancient book that would sound sane. Long live this book.
0307265730|2.0|If you've read Ms. Lahiri's other works, you will have no need to read this collection. After reading the first story in this collection, I thought I was experiencing de ja vu. As I read further into the book, I realized that what I was experiencing was more similar to the movie Groundhog Day, in that the same characters, plots and settings were being reused and recycled. This book is tired.
1932100660|5.0|A friend of mine recommended this book and I can't thank him enough! I have read it cover to cover and so has my husband. We bought 5 copies and have been lending them to friends to read.  My husband and I had already been vegetarians and we knew all the health benefits of this lifestyle. The information confirmed all of our reasons and also convinced us to cut out dairy as well.  The book is well organized and written in a way that can be easily understood. The research is well documented and the graphs and charts are very detailed and informative.  I highly recommend anyone who is interested in their health to read this book!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I would just like to say that I love the new album it is 1000000000 times better than st anger and I really can't hear any sound distortion when I  play it on my stereo but I do when I listen to it on my headphones.That being said I still love the album thank god rick rubin stepped in and helped them get back on track.Thanks metallica I missed you very much.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|One of the best albums I've ever heard in my life!!!! Metallica's previous album was a big disappointment, but it seems that they understood what was wrong with their music. It was worth waiting for 5 years in order to get \\"Death Magnetic\\".
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I began listening to Metallica between the Puppets and Justice albums and that put me at about 12 years old. I'm now 33 and undoubtedly A LOT different than I was then. I've grown up with Metallica. I would say I'm long-term fan of Metallica regardless if I like their current-styled music or not. I don't know many bands at the end of their career, other than maybe the Ramones and Fu Manchu, that sound like they did at the beginning of their careers. Each Metallica album is different than the last. Kill-Ride, Ride-Master, Master-Justice. Each one were more extreme than the last. But that's what made them better than most other bands. One thing is for sure, they were FOREVER changed by Cliff's death. He was a part of that band that gave them that little extra. That extra they never got back with Jason. They went through a period where they went through a more Bluesy-Rock sound and yes, it sucked because it was Metallica playing those not-so Metallica songs. Some were hideous, but some weren't totally bad...if only a different band had come out with those albums. Right? They are trying to get back to why they started a metal band in the first place. It's just more modern. If you haven't noticed, music is different every decade. Are they supposed to go back to an 80's style of music? How about the rest of today's bands? Should they all start wearing makeup and hairspray and start wailing in their songs? They're just a more modern band now. Every band that is still around from that era are different. You're always different after having kids; and all of them have kids. For goodness sakes! Dave Mustaine prays before every show now. Things change!    Overall, Death Magnetic is a good album. Those that say that Metallica is no longer a Metal band need to listen to `Broken, Beat & Scarred' and `All Nighmare Long'. I definitely hear elements of Ride, Puppets and Justice. Yes, James' voice is different now, but the dude's in his mid-late 40s. When he recorded Kill and Lightning he was 18-20. We're all a little different now.    People should stop whining about the albums they put out. If you've gotten to the point where you can't stand the newer albums because you don't like the way they sound, then you don't like Metallica anymore. That's great! There are tons of bands I don't like, but I don't go whining on those pages because I don't like a band. If you are dying for another Master of Puppets and are mad because you don't get it, then maybe you should get your head out of the 80s. A lot of us love those albums because they were good, but also because it reminds us of those times in our lives (when the album came out). You cannot keep reliving that era and expect it to come back.    My favorite band, The Beatles, went through a big psychedelic era in the middle of their career. They changed, but went back to rock towards the end of their careers together. Metallica isn't doing anything differently. They did all say they got into Metal to \\"play really fast music.\\" They got away from it for a while and are slowly getting back into it. St. Anger was faster than the Load albums, even though it was a dull album. This album is far better than St. Anger. Just because a band experiments with new styles and sounds, that does not make them a bad band! Not to mention, Bob Rock did them no justice with their talents. Rick Ruben has, at the very least, pointed them back in the right direction.    Now if only I could play as well as they do when I'm their age...
1401307957|5.0|I was not expecting anything when I started this book...frankly, I'm not sure I remember ordering it.  In any event, the parallels between this graphic memoir and my own life make this book read more like an answered prayer than merely another memoir.<br /><br />I take that last part back.  It's not just that the author's experiences mirror my own life that makes this book notable.  Rather, it's that Gregory manages to capture his own HUMANITY...without resorting to irony or the manufactured self-deprecation that seems to plague the modern memoir that makes this book so notable.  I mean, finally!, someone has managed to write an HONEST memoir, one that does not require an attorney's Release of the Facts as a prologue.<br /><br />\\"Everyday Matters\\" reads like a private journal, without the pretention that comes when the author knows other folks'll be reading it.  Gregory's sketches are likewise uninhibited and imperfect; together, the text and illustrations create a personal, intimate environment for the reader that is inviting and judgment-free; none of the \\"You shouldn't have looked (though I knew you would, so I gave you my best side)\\" business that is the meta-text of so many memoirs, but instead offers a reassuring,  \\"Well, that's me, hair and all...what do you think?\\"<br /><br />A thoughtful, generous gift from Gregory to his readers.
B000066C6Z|4.0|I saw this movie as a teenager in the 80's with my friends.  What a blast!  Val Kilmer is truly hilarious.  He should do more comedy.  If you like movies like Airplane! and Hot Shots! you'll enjoy this one too.  There are a lot sight gags in this movie.    The jokes are older, like from the 40's, so I'm not sure it matters what age watches it.  If you've had any kind of history lessons, the jokes and gags will be funny.
B0009P5YXO|4.0|When you install the batteries it requires the use of a small phillips head screwdriver...  So you need a regular screwdriver to make your Sonic Screwdriver work.  (And while I was doing this, I actually was thinking to myself, \\"Hmmm, this really could be more sonic!\\")<br /><br />I've had this thing for about a year now, I use the regular pen nib quite often and it's currently not showing signs of running out of ink.  The nib with the UV ink, unfortunately was lost.<br /><br />That is the biggest issue I have with the item.  The instruction pamphlet that comes with it says that you can order replacement nibs from customer service.  You can not currently just order replacement nibs from Amazon, nor are they currently listed in the \\"Spare Parts\\" section of the Character-Online customer service website.  (Though there are spare Dalek parts which is kind of awesome.)  You have to call the company's customer service department which is in the UK.  So unless you want to call long distance and pay shipping from the UK for pen nibs?  Do not loose them.  (This may change, I hope it does.)<br /><br />Onto the good stuff!<br /><br />I really love owning this thing.  A few days ago I had a blackout at night and (due to a recent move) I couldn't find my flashlight, but I was using this thing to make some notes.  So I used it to find my keys and my wallet to go out and buy a proper flashlight and some candles.  Doing that was more fun then I should probably admit in a public forum.  Secondly, the UV ink is tangentially educational.  Your child likes Doctor Who, you get them this pen, they write secret messages on the psychic paper and say \\"Cool!  How does that work?\\"  They then become interested in what UV light is, learn all sorts interesting stuff about wavelengths and \\"Yay!  Science is fun!\\"<br /><br />If you're a cosplayer through, that's not really your concern.  From close up and far away it looks good, it has the right moving parts, lights up and makes the noise.  It comes with batteries.  I don't know what more you could ask for.<br /><br />Just don't misplace the pen nibs.with batteries.  I don't know what more you could ask for.<br /><br />Just don't misplace the pen nibs.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|At the age of 15 (1988) my musical taste was heavily influenced by my father. Alot of AC/DC, Styx, Foreigner, Bad Company etc. So when a friend of mine handed me a casette tape (yes, I did say casette tape) from this band named, \\"Metallica\\", I didnt quite know what to expect. I went home and placed the tape in my casette player... and the intro could not possibly prepare me for what I was in for. Throughout listening to the CD, I wasnt really sure if I felt comfortable listening to this type of music. It almost made me feel like I was doing something wrong, but somehow I was hooked and couldnt stop. I listened to the tape several more times and I was hooked, returned my friends tape and bought a copy of my very own. Metallica had changed my view on music, and although I still enjoyed classic rock, they added a whole slew of new bands to listen to within their genre. Throughout the next two years I purchased every one of their backlist albums up to JUSTICE and loved them all (I also upgraded to a CD player).  I can remember all the hype in 1991 when their new self titled album (aka: the black album) was released. I waited in line for hours to purchase this CD and was again pleased.   In 1996 when Load was released, I was a bit disappointed as the band appeared to sell out then Re-Load in 1997 was a bit of the same. Not horrible albums... just not Metallica. They re-packaged some material following those two cd's further emphasizing their sell out (not to mention the whole illegal download fiasco)  Then in 2003 the fans were promised an album that was back to the bands roots and heavier than the past couple of releases. When I purchased the album and hit play... I was sadly disappointed. Who were these imposters that are claiming they are Metallica? St Anger was the most horribly mixed, written... sounding album this band has ever produced. I vowed to never purchase a Metallica album again.  So at this point, you may have noticed that I havent even mentioned the cd Ishould be reviewing, Death Magnetic. I think it is important before reviewing this cd that people know my personal history with the band and even the history that lead to the release of this cd, you see, this was a band who came crashing in on me, changed my view on many things and had a huge musical influence on me. Metallica, in my mind, could do no wrong and was the best band ever until 1996 with their Load release and it all went downhill since, then crashed with ST Anger. I went from having all the respect in the world for them, to absolutely none.  DEATH MAGNETIC: This album is their best album since 1991's self titled album. This should have been the cd that followed it. Every single song is incredible and truely displays their talent. Metallica has made a believer out of me yet again. If you are a current Metallica fain and are hesitant on purchasing.... you will love this album. If you are not a Metallica fan, but are looking for something new, try the older stuff and work your way to it. (but be sure to skip (load, reload, s&m, st-anger).
B0000CDLA7|5.0|The Train of Thought Tour was arguably the strongest of DT's career. These songs really shine and can cave in the roof of a stadium. This is where the crowd can tear up the floor and rave. And James can RAP. Ridiculously powerful. Train of Thought RULES!!!
B0006B2A2E|5.0|I didn't see this movie when it came out in theatres because I thought it would be a cheesy chick-flick movie. I judge the movie based on the poster, now I feel dissapointed that I didn't watch it on the big screen.     This movie will bring back forgotten memories if you were ever in a (serious) relationship. No need to spoil the movie, just watch it.    This 2 disc set shows the deleted scenes which makes the movie a lot more interesting.
031606792X|2.0|i loved the first 3 books, and was extremely excited for this book too. I was rating them with harry potter until i read breaking dawn. It starts off suddenly, and strangely, and gets worss and worss. it was not even the same style of writing as the first 3. I almost wish it had ended with book 3. of course, i read breaking dawn in two days, like the other books, but unlike the other books, i read this fast so it would be over fast. I am disapointed with this book, but at least the series was tied up.
0385340990|4.0|Charming book, well-written through a series of letters from the inhabitants of Guernsey during and after the Nazi occupation. I thoroughly enjoyed reading about this little island's population and their ordeals and their spirit.
B00005JPXY|1.0|If you have half a brain don't bother with this movie.  It's technically well-done, but ultimately, it's trash.  I feel cheated.
0743298039|4.0|I'd give this a 4.5 star rating.  This book was a real treat.  The plot, the characters, and the writing itself were all very enjoyable.  My only criticism is that there was very often drama created when the situation didn't warrant it.  I know this is common in this genre, but it was a little overdone.  All in all though, I would highly recommend the book.
B000002HPT|5.0|It's clear that this album was mixed terribly, but if you are aware of DT LIVE, then you will hopefully understand why this is now my favorite album. The songs have an incredible beauty to them, and honestly, Derek Sherinian is a big part of that. What a talented musician. Far better than Kevin Moore ever was. Anna Lee, Take away my pain, Hells kitchen, Burning my soul, Just let me Breath, Lines in the sand, and the B-sides, Speak to me, Raise the Knife, and maybe my VERY FAVORITE DT SONG, Where are you now. DAMN.
B00003CX9S|3.0|A man and the lifetime conflict of his existence and the self acception... Despite the fact it was based on a true story, something in this film recalls me the classic French novel \\"The Hunchback of Notre Dame\\". Very well filmed, but the plot takes an overemotional approach.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|I bought this for my daughter's 12th birthday (she is like most other girls and has a HUGE crush on the Jonas Brothers).  She loves it, every time I walk past her room, I can hear it playing on her CD player.  I've heard parts of the songs and actually liked what I heard. Of course, I don't reguarly listen to the Jonas Brothers, but for a young girl, I have no problem recommending them.
031606792X|1.0|This book was AWFUL!  I loved the first three books and couldn't believe the way the 4th book story line went.  Are you kidding me?!  This is the first time I have ever taken the time to post a review and if you haven't read Breaking Dawn yet, don't waste your time.  You can come up with a better ending that isn't so beyond bizarre and gross.
B000HWXS2S|5.0|Melodic Death Metal is one of my favorite genres, especially Swedish Melodic Death, you know bands like In Flames, Arch Enemy, Opeth, Soilwork, At The Gates, Dark Tranquillity, Scar Symmetry, and most recently Amon Amarth. I went out and bought &#34;With Oden on Our Side&#34; at Best Buy down in Eau Claire over the summer, and I fell in love with it. This album is an epic, brutal, headbanging, modern melodic death metal masterpiece that will take you on an epic journey and take your breath away. It's also become one of my favorite death metal albums I've been listening to lately. I listen to this album constantly every week as well. I remember hearing both &#34;Cry of the Black Birds&#34; and &#34;Runes to My Memory&#34; (which are of course on this album) on Music Choice Metal, and I was instantly hooked to Amon Amarth. I've also recently watched the music videos for both songs on YouTube as well, and they're both great. Amon Amarth are a death metal band that play a style called &#34;viking metal&#34; because their lyrics and songs are based upon the viking age, Norse Mythology, battles of honor and glory, etc. The production by Jens Bogren is crisp and clean, and the musicianship is top notch. Johan Hegg has great death growls that are brutal, gruff, commanding, and intellegible, and you can also understand what he's saying as well. The guitar work by Olavi Mikkonen and Johan Soderberg is flat out awesome. The riffs are heavy and brutal, yet very melodic at times, and the leads, harmonies, and solos are very melodic and great to hum along to. Ted Lundstrom provides some nice strong basslines throughout, and Fredrik Andersson's drumming is fantastic as well, and he's also does alot of great double bass kicking too. Every song on this album is excellent and downright addicting. One of my favorites on here &#34;Valhal Awaits Me&#34; features monster fast thrashing riffs, straight ahead pummeling, thrashing, double bass drumming, catchy hum along tremolo picking leads, great growling vocals, and an addicting guitar solo as well. Words can't even describe how much I love this song. The next song &#34;Runes to My Memory&#34; is an epic mid tempo-ish headbanger which is highlighted by hefty, powerful, headbanging worthy riffs, marching, stomping drum beats with more great double bass added, soaring guitar harmonies, and a memorable chorus, while track three &#34;Asator&#34; is a straight ahead thrashing speed burner which features more charging skin pounding and rapid double bass kicking, surging riffs as well as a great wild, careening solo. Another heavy favorite of mine, track seven &#34;Cry of the Black Birds&#34; is highlighted by memorable, addicting, melodic guitar riffing and harmonies, along with more straight ahead thrashing double bass drumming, and commanding growling vocals from Johan. &#34;Under the Northern Star&#34; is a slower yet catchy melodic number that features tasty melodic guitar leads as well as a beautiful majestic guitar solo at 2:45, I love it. &#34;Gods of War Arise&#34; and album closer &#34;Prediction of Warfare&#34; are both longer, epic, powerful headbanging classics as well (with the former clocking in at 6:02 and includes another nice soaring melodic solo around 3:56, and the latter track clocking in at 6:38) Please read on for the song ratings.<br /><br />Jeremy's song ratings:<br />1. Valhal Awaits Me (4:43) - 5/5<br />2. Runes to My Memory (4:32) - 5/5<br />3. Asator (3:04) - 5/5<br />4. Hermod's Ride to Hel - Lokes Treachery Part 1 (4:40) - 5/5<br />5. Gods of War Arise (6:02) - 5/5<br />6. With Oden on Our Side (4:34) - 5/5<br />7. Cry of the Black Birds (3:49) - 5/5<br />8. Under the Northern Star (4:17) - 5/5<br />9. Prediction of Warfare (6:38) - 5/5<br /><br />The bottom line is that &#34;With Oden on Our Side&#34; is an absolute must have for any fan of Amom Amarth, viking metal, death metal, melodic death metal, or if you're just a fan of metal period. Even fans of thrash metal and black metal will enjoy this as well. If you never even heard this album before, then you are truly missing out on a brilliant modern melodic death metal masterpiece that is known as Amon Amarth's &#34;With Oden on Our Side&#34;. Buy this album ASAP!!!bum before, then you are truly missing out on a brilliant modern melodic death metal masterpiece that is known as Amon Amarth's &#34;With Oden on Our Side&#34;. Buy this album ASAP!!!
1416550518|5.0|Why can't there be more books like this one?  It was an easy read that totally kept your interest.  I was hooked from page 1.  It reminded me of \\"The Thirteenth Tale,\\" but I actually thought this one was a little better.  Highly recommended!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Possibly better than Lateralus. There isn't a weak track here. Pet and The Package are among my favorites. Where are they now?
0385493622|5.0|I am not a avid reader and I read for an hour 2 or 3 times a week i.e if the book is good and after I started reading this book I just couldn't drop it. In fact I used to look up every evening to the time when I can start reading it from where I left off the previous night.   Its a great book if you are interested in history of math/science, the great minds, their lives, their hardships and frustrations back then and current trends. You don't need know a whole lot of math to understand this. If you understand the Pythagoras theorem you are good to go:)
6304493738|5.0|It contains one surprise after another. I could never guess what's happening next, especially the ending.    If you like a different story with unexpected turns. This is a MUST-SEE.     The ony trouble is after you watch it once, the second time is not as suspenseful any more because you already know what's happening.     No wonder it got 2 Ocars in 1996. One was given to  Christopher McQuarrie for best screenplay. The other was given to Kevin Spacey for best supporing actor.
B000J103WK|5.0|If you are an avid Eagles fan like I am, this is a must buy for your home entertainment needs. Compared with most live concert DVD's, this DVD is masterfully recorded from the audio to the video.  If you are a collector, this is a must buy for the money.  5-stars and well worth it.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|AWESOME movie!! i got it for my friend for her bday.  she loved it, its so cute wen your in the mood for a cartoon.
B000ZN802W|3.0|christopher mc candless was a young man who tried to fit himself into the social system but always felt for something out there that called for him; something outside society and its bounds, deadlines, stress and the quest for buying more plastic made commodities and shiny gadgets.<br />immersed in his world of music and books where he would find solace, he was a highly sensitive boy with a high intelligence.<br />reading a lot of litterature without keeping your feet in the real world, creates a universe of idealism in which, the frustrated mind finds refuge. it's like a drug. the more you hide in that ideal world, the more frustrated and bitter you become when faced with the actual world we all live in: seeing his parents consent to live together despite their enormous differences, chris saw them as hypocrites, especially his mom, who, despite being betrayed by her husband, chooses to stay because of the comfort and security she got used to. after all, the husband is a NASA genius and we dont leave such a man because he slept with another woman.<br />unmaterialistic to the farthest extent, chris was still planning to enter college but his parents deciding to reward him with a brand new car, was the last straw for the kid: he finds out that after all that time, his parents still didnt understand his personality and that he was never attracted by aquiring 'things' and that rewarding him with 'things' showed him how much his bickering parents cling to appearences.<br />what happens next is chris, submerged in a tide of idealism leavs all behind, on a trek bound for alaska, as far as possible from social bonds, hypocrisy and materialism.<br />he works in odd jobs, uses money as much as needed for his sustenance, and on his way, leaves a positive mark on the people he meets; a spirit who wills not to be ensnared by the ephemereal and tricky temptations of the modern world.<br />while discovering the savage beauty of the nature around him, our hero will ultimately discover that happiness only has meaning when it's shared.. and since the whole world has become neck deep into  dependance on modernity, his odds to meet a likeminded soul were equal to finding a winning lottery ticket on the ground. this meant he had to reintegrate society. his stubbornness to stay alone will lead him to his own demise: with little experience in the ways of survival, chris will be found dead by poisoning from inedible berries he ate by mistake.<br />some people will be glad this kid who caused his family much suffering, met his just end, but the story is not about that;<br />it's true that the character is too idealistic and ridden with flaws. he didnt seem to make efforts to help his parents have a better relationship, for example. he was too arrogant in the way that whenever he saw a glimpse of conformity and hypocrisy, he steered away without trying to do anything about it despite his obviously high intellignece and insight. he helped a foreign hippie couple overcome its differences while he could have done the same for his parents, but didnt.<br />for all the flaws in chris' character, i dont see him as an example to follow, hence the rating of 3 over 5.<br />the movie's strong point is reminding us that while we spend our life compromising, stressing out and tense about mortgages, due dates, deadlines and conformity, there's a beautiful world around us that we're failing to see. there's a peace we're missing, and a sense of eternity that's lost to us in our world ruled by intertwined timelines and purchase coupons.<br />finally, eddie vedder and friends do a wonderful job with the soundtrack. the movie sports some truly amazing music.<br />overall, this movie gently wakes us up to look around us and to notice the spirit , without alienating its audience with dumbed down philosophy and haughty lecturing. this is just a frustrated youth with some valid points that are worth exploring.nly has meaning when it's shared.. and since the whole world has become neck deep into  dependance on modernity, his odds to meet a likeminded soul were equal to finding a winning lottery ticket on the ground. this meant he had to reintegrate society. his stubbornness to stay alone will lead him to his own demise: with little experience in the ways of survival, chris will be found dead by poisoning from inedible berries he ate by mistake.  some people will be glad this kid who caused his family much suffering, met his just end, but the story is not about that;  it's true that the character is too idealistic and ridden with flaws. he didnt seem to make efforts to help his parents have a better relationship, for example. he was too arrogant in the way that whenever he saw a glimpse of conformity and hypocrisy, he steered away without trying to do anything about it despite his obviously high intellignece and insight. he helped a foreign hippie couple overcome its differences while he could have done the same for his parents, but didnt.  for all the flaws in chris' character, i dont see him as an example to follow, hence the rating of 3 over 5.  the movie's strong point is reminding us that while we spend our life compromising, stressing out and tense about mortgages, due dates, deadlines and conformity, there's a beautiful world around us that we're failing to see. there's a peace we're missing, and a sense of eternity that's lost to us in our world ruled by intertwined timelines and purchase coupons.  finally, eddie vedder and friends do a wonderful job with the soundtrack. the movie sports some truly amazing music.  overall, this movie gently wakes us up to look around us and to notice the spirit , without alienating its audience with dumbed down philosophy and haughty lecturing. this is just a frustrated youth with some valid points that are worth exploring.
0553801503|5.0|A magnificent chapter of A Song of Ice and Fire. Truly one of the best stories I'd ever met with!
0812550757|5.0|It was an awesome book, Orson Scott Card... definately knows how to keep my attention!!!
0790734850|4.0|This move is dark, suspenseful, twisted with quite a few unexpected turns. It's one of the best suspense movies of all times. The acting and directing are convincing and gripping. This is one of the best films of Kim Basinger. I don't like her acting in most other films
0143038419|5.0|I loved this book.  It made me laugh, it made me cry.  I thought it was wonderfully written and engaging.  I related to the book and Elizabeth Gilbert so well.
B00000K41Y|1.0|I'll have to agree with \\"D.Kushner\\".. This is NOT the issue stated on the Amazon site. For me, the same thing happened, but the replacement, which again was the old issue, came FROM Amazon. So there's that, and the \\"reissue of the jazz/funk drummer's 1976 album\\" in the description.. As anyone who is trying to get the mythical 2008 release would know, Stanley Clarke is not a drummer. Five stars for the album, one star for Amazon.
B0001Z37HM|5.0|This half-forgotten film is in the classic style of Schwarzenegger's Conan films but not titled as such and with a consequent loss of market.  That is a pity because it is almost the equal of the others.  Also, the heroine is a red-head, which helps spice up the red-ragging rage-queen vs muscle boy image.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I have been a fan of Metallica since \\"Kill 'em All\\".  After listening to this album several times I can positively say this may be their best, perhaps second only to \\"Ride the Lightning\\" (which will never be topped by anybody).  After suffering through many years of mediocre albums, Metallica is back and in peak form with \\"Death Magnetic\\".  Congratulations Metallica, you have finally shown again why you are the best band in the world.
0307277887|5.0|I am a huge Dexter fan. If you are discovering Dexter because of the TV show, you will be pleasantly surprised as the books do differ in the plot than the TV show!<br />Dexter is the serial killer you root for, as he tracks down really bad guys and disposes of them in a way the police cannot!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I gave this 4 stars as I think Hetfield's vocals were weak on some songs.  Most times, he wasnt BAD, he just has lost quite a bit on his fastball.  That being said, the rest of the band sounds a lot better than any time since at least the black album.  And thank heavens the guitar solos are back.  Kirk finally sounds like he did back in the 80's.  Best solos since at least Justice.  At least Lars' drumming doesnt sound like its on garbage can lids this time around.      I didnt think they had it in them, but they came through with a solid effort.  Rubin certainly seemed to have gotten them back on the right track.
B0013USZHG|5.0|This interpretation of many jewels of the latinamerican classical music is a must to understand and enjoy the music south of the border.    The Venezuelan Youth Orchestra plays this music masterfully and you can sense their enjoyment while doing so.    I recommend this recording to anybody interested in clasical music.
0805082662|5.0|Excellent book for preschool and kindergarten. This book can be used to reinforce color recognition. It is also beautifully illustrated. The free CD is an extra bonus!
B000FL7CAK|5.0|This show is great. If you're into crime shows, I would definitely recommend buying it.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|Too little, way too late. This should have been the concept after ...And Justice For All. Instead they opted for haircuts and lipstick. Screw this bunch of geeks!<br /><br />I am an O.G Metallica fan from yes, way back when they treated us to the first three singles: Whiplash, Jump In The Fire and Seek & Destroy. Back then, Hetfield raged, Hammett wailed, Burton fuzzed out and well, Lars could never really play but at least he tried goddamnit! This is like the geriatric version of a former Juggernaut, only you feel bad for it cause it's tryin' to get mad at you while shaking it's cane and squinting through bifocals, saliva running down the corners of it's mouth. PATHETIC!<br /><br />I would however like to champion the idea that maybe, there's a spot for the band on the American Idol panel, they can offer advice to up & coming metal bands about the perils of hubris.
067101756X|3.0|I've had this book for a couple months now, and just recently decided to finish it after reading the first two chapters. I have to say, it's a little boring in the way the information is presented. Like in all my other reviews, if it holds my attention up until page 100, i'll finish it. This book does just that. The first 6 chapters are quite amusing in describing Phillip Corso's life and establishing his credibility with the military. Up until this point it's more of just a story that flows quite well. But when I hit chapter 7 (page 99 to be precise) I couldn't pull myself away from it. I probably read 100 pages in a few hours, where the previous 100 pages took a few days. Even if it's not true, it's still fascinating in the ways the author, in his alien descriptions, can absolutely paint a picture in your mind of what's going on. And the fact that it could possibly be true is just mind blowing. This excitement continues for a few chapters until around chapter 13 - 14, and then it just becomes downright monotonous. I don't know if it's the lack of enthusiasm or the subject matter, but yet again i had to force myself to finish this book.. So, some very valuable information from a very credible source. But on the other side, it's written by a lifetime military general,, not a five star author. So, hang in there.<br /><br />Subjects in this book: Roswell (of course), extensive information and details on the Aliens, Technology, and Ideas gained from Roswell, Cold War Conspiracy stuff, the U2 and corona projects, Project Moon Base, the discovery and developement of the Integrated Circuit, the Laser, Fiber Optics, and the Star Wars program.
B0019FOC5E|2.0|This was great until i got to the end. that fabulous finale - Waterloo - was not included. There was a photo for Waterloo on the cover, but no music. I think this just plain dishonest and i'm sorry i bought it.
015603252X|4.0|This review was published in The Australian, August 16, 2008. Greg Sheridan is the Foreign Editor.  [...]  Memoirs are made of this    OPINION: Greg Sheridan   August 16, 2008    A FEW years ago I experienced a severe addiction to travel literature.    With the contemporary serious novel in such a mess, travel writing, like biography, offers many of the traditional pleasures of the novel: story, character, good dialogue, development, resolution. But I can't say I discovered any great literature there, much as I enjoyed Bill Bryson's wit and Paul Theroux's misanthropy.    Now I am immersed in a frenetic bout of memoir reading and here the story is different.    When Tom Wolfe was promoting the new journalism, which has been with us several decades now, his essential insight was to bring the techniques of the novelist to bear on journalism: exploring the subjective elements of a story, the characters' inner lives and interior monologues, with the advantage that the events had actually happened.    A novelist's memoir can achieve this supremely. A Tale of Love and Darkness is the childhood memoir of Amos Oz, Israel's greatest novelist and surely soon a recipient of the Nobel Prize for Literature.    This is an incomparably good book. Perhaps it is the best book I have read. It tells of growing up in Jerusalem in the 1930s and '40s. Oz conceives life as one part comedy, one part tragedy, one part humdrum, quotidian concreteness, and if you are Jewish, the chance always of utter disaster.    His life proceeds against the backdrop of the Holocaust and the birth of Israel. Oz is an only child and his life is also shaped by the suicide of his mother when he is 12. This colossal roadblock dominates and shapes the book and yet does not distort the loving portrait of his father, a frustrated academic, out of his depth and at his wits' end with his wife's melancholy.    Oz's technical accomplishments in this book are dazzling. He writes of his grandfather:    It was not easy for him to go out. Grandma had a highly developed, super-sensitive radar screen on which she kept track of us all: at any given moment she could check the inventory, to know precisely where each of us was, Lonia at his desk in the National Library on the fourth floor of the Terra Sancta Building, Zussya at Cafe Atara, Fania sitting in the B'nai B'rith Library, Amos playing with his best friend Eliyahu next door at Mr Friedmann the engineer's, in the first building on the right. Only at the edge of her screen, behind the extinguished galaxy, in the corner from which her son Zyuzya, Zyuzinka, with Malka and little Daniel, whom she had never seen or washed, were supposed to flicker back at her, all she could see by day or night was a terrifying black hole.    This passage is instructive. First, there is a lovely metaphor for domestic life. How many grandmas have their perfect family radar screens? Then, everyone is mentioned by name. There is the accumulation of small details of location that give the passage life. But suddenly, at the end, the shocking reality of the Holocaust explodes this domestic tableau, as it does intermittently throughout these beautiful memories.    Almost every page of this book contains an observation or metaphor so striking you cannot let it go, or rather it will not let you go. Oz writes: \\"Both my parents had come to Jerusalem straight from the 19th century.\\"    The contrast, indeed conflict, of east European Jews trying to recreate an idealised Europe, one free of anti-Semitism, in the hot, dusty climate of Israel, surrounded by hostile Arabs, is mined by Oz as much for comedy as tragedy. And there is endless comic delight in the crazy clash of expectation with reality. For bookish, intellectual, urban Jews such as Oz and his family, the kibbutz pioneers were a new kind of Jew. Oz mocks his own earnest idealisation of kibbutz pioneers, yet somehow affirms it as well:    Tough, warm-hearted, though of course silent and thoughtful, young men and strapping, straightforward young women ... I pictured these pioneers as strong, serious, self-contained people, capable of sitting around in a circle and singing songs of heart-rending longing, or songs of mockery, or songs of outrageous lust ... (people) who could ride wild horses or wide-tracked tractors, who spoke Arabic, who knew every cave and wadi, who had a way with pistols and hand grenades, yet read poetry and philosophy.    Oz is free of self-pity. Instead there is a generous human solidarity and understanding for everyone. But there are passages of aching melancholy and pain. The night the UN votes to establish Israel is the happiest night imaginable. Though it too is tinged with fear, as the Jews of Jerusalem are always in dread of a second holocaust. But the recognition of the Zionist dream is a fulfilment of generations' desires.    In all his life, Oz never sees his father weep, except that night. The father crawls into bed beside young Amos and tousles his hair:    Then he told me in a whisper what some hooligans did to him and his brother David in Odessa and what some gentile boys did to him at his Polish school in Vilna, and the girls joined in too, and the next day, when his father, Grandpa Alexander, came to the school to register a complaint, the bullies refused to return the torn trousers but attacked his father, Grandpa, in front of his eyes, forced him down on to the paving stones and removed his trousers too in the middle of the playground, and the girls laughed and made dirty jokes, saying that the Jews were all so-and-sos, while the teachers watched and said nothing.    Now, the father tells Amos, people may bully you, but not because you are a Jew: \\"Not that. Never again. From tonight that's finished here. For ever.\\" Most of the book is not political in that sense. It's full of jokes, though its genius is to blend comedy and tragedy. Oz recounts how as a kid he talked all the time, but that was fine because everyone in Jerusalem talkedall the time. A professor tells Oz that the odds of there being an afterlife, as there is no conclusive evidence either way, are 50-50. For a central European Jew in the generation of Hitler, those chances of survival are not at all bad.    When a great novelist writes a memoir with all the technique of the novel at its best, you get a superior art form. If I could recommend just one book to tell you something about the human condition, this would be it.
B000NA2BEU|5.0|I am so glad that I purchased this DVD. It is such a good show. It's funny, sad, and suspensful. I used to watch the show on tv, but not on a regular basis.   I would definitely recommend buying this.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Much better that St. Anger, Reload, Load, S&M, and BA, even if my personal expectations were higher. Musically stronger, lyrically better, great solos, crunchy rhythms and the best of all....no Bob Rock!  My personal favs are tracks 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, &9. It was a pleasant surprise to observe that Kirk Hammett found and dusted off his wah wah pedal.  Newcomer Robert Truillo (probably one of the main reasons I gave Metallica another shot) holds down the bottom like the Bass should [no lead Bass here]; if you doubt his skills, review his work with Suicidal Tendencies and Infectious Grooves. Rob is also a big \\"homeboy\\" and I doubt that Lars and James will mess with this \\"vato\\" like they did with Jason Newstead. All in all a step into the right direction.<br />As far as some negative comments on songwriting I quote a line from the movie Wayne's World, \\"Led Zeppelin didn't write songs that everybody liked, they left that to the Bee Gees\\". Whatever genre of music you listen to, it's meant to be enjoyed and that's the bottom line. So to all you anal retentives who analyze every micro nuance of sound....get a life.<br />And for those who want something heavier, try \\"Motorizer\\" by Motorhead and \\"The Formation of Damnation\\" by Testament.
B0000A02TZ|5.0|I love this movie and so will you.  All though my college life was nothing like this, it makes me long for toga parties, food fights and road trips.  There are so many memorable scenes that  you only have to watch the movie several times before you can qoute all the characters.<br />If you have any sort of sense of humor and enjoy older movies than I insist that you buy Animal House you will not regret it.
0307383415|5.0|Obama is one of the rare people who thinks about his own history and life.  And speaking of \\"experience\\", I think the experiences he had in his young life in Hawaii and in Indonesia and in Africa count for a great deal -- particularly because he thought in detail about the meaning of what he saw.
0143038419|2.0|I can not understand the rave reviews this book get - maybe because it's an Oprah selection and her followers would buy whatever she recommends....what a pity. This book has taught me nothing. The writer is self indulgent and I could not connect with her at all. I read another non-fiction travel story recently titled Crying with Cockroaches and what a joy! Get it and spot the difference.
B000F8O35U|1.0|Fine, I was pretty young when this movie came out. But I watched it again and again and again. Knew all the songs and still do. I'm sure I will know them all my life.  I do have a soft spot for \\"Dumbo\\" and \\"Robin Hood,\\" but in my lifetime this is the best Disney movie ever made. And since Disney isn't making any more animated movies this may well be the last good Disney movie ever. Sorry all you Lion King and Beauty/Beast fans, they just didn't do it for me.  It's sad to witness an end to an era of creative genius but I'm glad they decided to close their animation offices rather than keep putting out things like Hercules and The Hunchback of Notre Dame. I haven't seen any of the video sequels, thank god.  Oh, and by the way, when I talk about the Disney movies made in my lifetime, I'm not counting Pixar, which I think makes great films. Unfortunately, it seems like they've left the cartoon musical behind too. I'm afraid we'll never see another movie like The Little Mermaid again.
B000URWYTS|3.0|I give the author credit for creating an interesting story based on very few remaining sources.  My quibble is with the writing. It is hard to be original, but at times the author resorts to romance novel cliches that detract from the storytelling.
0307237702|5.0|Another eloquent and insightful and sometimes humorous book by one of the stars of our political scene.  I am reminded of another man from Illinois of some 140 years ago.
B000LC51TM|5.0|Came in a timely manner. condition as advertised. Not much else but then again it is what I asked for.
B000FZETIO|5.0|Just a perfect film all around for those of us who were of age on the 80's.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Background:  male, age 39, first song that got my attention from Metallica was For Whom The Bell Tolls, first album purchased was the Black Album, immediately went back to purchase all albums recorded prior to the Black Album -- fell in love with Kill Em All, Master of Puppets and Ride the Lightning, and And Justice for All.  Not as impressed with anything after Black Album, but do own everything (including S&M).    When I first learned of a new release from Metallica, I was first excited, and then nervous for them, and then excited again once I heard snippets of the first couple of songs.  Of course I purchased the CD the day it came out, just as I had done for St. Anger.  Upon listening through 2 times, I had these immediate thoughts:  1)  I let out a big sigh of relief that the guys found their sound again.  This could be the start of something big if they can keep going.  2)  Why does it sometimes sound like this is a band that sounds just like Metallica, but it actually someone else disguised at them?  They are going through the motions, and the motions are good, don't get me wrong, but the fire is missing a bit.  3)  This album is absolutely the revenge of Kirk.  I now am convinced that the entire band funnels through his guitar strings.  I wasn't sure of that until just now.  4)  I'm a little melancholy about this album, because it certainly is very good, and I am glad I own it, but maybe there is no real way to repeat greatness of their nature once you have hit bottom.  Maybe I'm wrong here, but this could be their swan song.  Only time will tell!
B000WZAE1I|5.0|Many excellent books have been turned into disappointing films, and quite a few into good films which equal or come close to matching the book. But I can count on the fingers of one hand the films based on books as good as Neil Gaiman's \\"Stardust\\" which actually surpass the book. This is one of them.     Neil Gaiman himself was joint Producer with Director/screenwriter Matthew Vaughn, and they worked with an all-star cast including Michelle Pfeiffer, Clare Danes, Charlie Cox, Robert De Niro, Sienna Miller, Ian McKellern, Peter O'Toole, and Ricky Gervais to produce a marvellous famly adventure.     After a brief reference to a letter arriving at the Royal Society which places the action in the 19th century, the story begins in the sleepy English village of Wall, a quiet and totally normal place except for the structure from which it takes its name, which is a wall between our world and Faerie. Most of the time the villagers maintain a watch on the one gap in that wall to stop people passing through in either direction, but once a year there is a carnival just inside Faerie which people from our side are allowed to attend.     Ben Barnes plays the young Dunstan Thorn, a villager who visits that fair, and on one of the stalls he meets a beautiful girl (Kate Magowan) who has been enslaved by an evil gypsy magician. They spend some time together and she gives him a glass flower as a gift before he returns to wall: nine months later he gets another present in the form of a basket containing their newborn baby, the infant Tristan Thorn.     About twenty years later, Tristan has grown into a handsome lad, played by Charlie Cox, who is something of a daydreamer and hopelessly in love with a beautiful village girl called Victoria (Sienna Miller).     Tristan is one of two rival suitors for Victoria's hand. After they watch a shooting star fall to earth on the far side of the wall, Tristan tries to demonstrate his devotion by promising to fetch it for her. He tricks his waypast the guard at the wall, and heads after the fallen star.     However, the fallen star was knocked out of the sky for a particular reason. In Faerie a dying king (Peter O'Toole) has summoned his four surviving sons (Jason Flemyng, Mark Heap, Rupert Everett, and Mark Strong) to decide who will succeed him. So he throws the jewel which denotes the rightful ruler of Stormhold into the sky, where it brings down a star, advises his sons that whichever son of the line of Stormhold retrieves the star will be his successor.     When the star falls to earth, she appears as a beautiful woman called Yvaine (Clare Danes) with the royal jewel of Stormhold round her neck, and there are several people searching for her. Dunstan wants to take her to his sweetheart, the surviving sons of the old king want the jewel, and she is also pursued by the evil and very powerful witch, Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer). Lamia is running out of life force/magical energy which she can renew if she cuts out the heart of a living star. So Yvaine is in great danger ...     Where the book is bit dark and adult in places, the film is a delightful story which will suit adults and children alike - there are a few scary bits but nothing which most small children will be unable to handle, and there is a lot of humour, some pitched at adults and some aimed at everyone but all of it in good taste.     In general the film is very true to the book, but a few things have been added. There is a scene where Yvaine and Dunstan find themselves in the sky and are rescued by a flying ship which is collecting lightning bolts. In the book this is a relatively short interlude, but in this film this has been developed into a marvellous sub-story in which the master of the flying ship, Captain Shakespeare, played brilliantly by Robert de Niro, pretends to be a ruthless pirate but has a secret. Ricky Gervase has an amusing cameo just after this as \\"Ferdy the Fence.\\"     The ending has also been completely reworked from NeilGaiman's original novel, with a very dramatic climax which will come as a \\"surprise ending\\" for anyone who has read the book. If you are interested both in reading the book and watching the film, I would advise you to tackle the book first: the ending of the book may seem anticlimatic if you have previously seen the film.     Acting is excellent throughout, particularly Charlie Cox and Clare Danes who were both very successful as the main lead characters, while Michelle Pfieffer and Mark Strong were both superb as two of the most sinister villains in the film. Rupert Everitt was rather wasted as a prince who is murdered almost immediately after being introduced.     Special effects were magnificent. There is a good section on many versions of this DVD about how they were made.     Overall this was a fantastic film enjoyable for adults and children alike and I strongly recommend it.
0743289692|3.0|This was one of the books selected from my book club.  The first 100 pages were a struggle for me to keep reading, just didn't hold my interest.  Then after about 150 I was hooked!  For us in America, just getting past all of the names!  She warns you in the beginning that names are important to her.  Once I realized I would not need all of the names and started just listening to the story it was an amazing story.  I must confess I was among those who are clueless!  Be sure to watch the video on U-tube, and the interviews with her.  She is a truly amazing lady!
B000002N9L|5.0|Just because Prince announces in the liner notes that this album is a collection of songs he merely gave WB to fulfill a contract doesn't mean they're not good.  They may be outtakes, but Prince is/has always been a fantastic musician, so these aren't just some songs lying around after his latest albums.<br /><br />Very much in the style of Emancipation and Gold Experience, this album is rich with various influences and styles.  Not much too experimental, but you can tell when you listen to this album that Prince is making these songs without trying to please an audience.<br /><br />When I learned of this album, I definitely wanted to check it out, as I'm a huge fan of Prince's 90's catalogue (and I'm probably one of few who prefer this period over Purple Rain; this period, to me, is when Prince starts doing just what he wants).<br /><br />Songs like the title track and 'I like it there' surround and play off of heavy guitar work.  We don't get to see this side of Prince often, so I think these few tracks are pinnacle pieces for any Prince fan.<br /><br />Fused with hip hop beats and sparse guitar influence are tracks like 'I Rock...' and 'Dig U Better Dead', the latter one of my favorite Prince tracks.  These songs are extremely catchy and may go further into a more trip hop-esque realm.<br /><br />'Right The Wrong' and 'The Same December' are among the slower guitar-oriented folk tracks.  It's obvious Prince had something to say with these tunes.  I personally don't care for them, as they have somewhat of an annoying country western twang to them.  I would have taken off one star for these few tracks, but their lyrics hold up for themselves.<br /><br />Altogether, if you like 'Crystal Ball', or GE, you'll enjoy this album.  It may not be very cohesive track by track, giving it a more compilation-like feel, but I still feel very strongly toward the whole piece.  Just ignore what negative and positive things people have to say about this CD, and just get, because the only way you'll know if you like/understand it is to hear it all the way through.is to hear it all the way through.
B000ZLFALI|2.0|Across the clich&eacute;s of the 60s Beatles songs are played and it's all pretty cheesy. But those clich&eacute;s of the 1960s....<br /><br />Will it ever end, this never-ending nostalgia trip for the 60s, no matter how old and unoriginal? Only when a lot of people have died.<br /><br />Sir Paul keeps cashing in and hey what's wrong with that(?), but ultimately you might wonder what will be left of his band's mythic status after all the circuses and movies and everything else. But they're making more than ever on Elvis so if it is good enough for the King, it is good enough for the Fab Four, I guess. What a drag it is getting old a guy said, but less so while getting super-rich. And when your 64 even if they don't need you it is nice to still be wanted, even if for only your past.<br /><br />I like the Beatles' music. Or some of it. I don't care for how some songs are done here. I can appreciate fans digging this flick though, so don't pay no mind to my jadded, jilted Gen-X self. I do wonder if John would be down with all these movies and circuses and musicals? You may call me a dreamer, but I doubt it. He always was my favorite. But who knows? He never lived through the clich&eacute;s of the 1980s.
0930289234|4.0|I really enjoyed it. There are a lot of layers here and the art is first rate. Well worth it.
0930289234|5.0|After years of hearing this graphic novel lauded as one of the greatest comics of all time (and admittedly intrigued by the buzz surrounding the upcoming film adaptation), I finally sat down and read Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons' magnum opus.<br /><br />And I was blown away.<br /><br />Absolutely, completely enthralled and blown away by this \\"comic book\\" that transcends the boundaries and stigmas attached to its medium to become a truly compelling piece of literature, as stimulating and thought provoking as the works of Dickens or Faulkner.<br /><br />I should point out that while I have always been a fan of superheroes, I am not an avid comic book reader; in fact, \\"Watchmen\\" is the first graphic novel I've ever purchased.  I state this to illustrate that this is a work that can be enjoyed by anyone, not just comic book enthusiasts.<br /><br />Everything about this book, even 20+ years after its original publication, is thrillingly fresh and compelling.  Set in an alternate 1985 where Richard Nixon is serving his third term as president, one of the novel's many pleasures is seeing just how thoroughly thought out every aspect of this alternate history is.  The story begins with the murder of a former masked hero (the book fittingly avoids the term \\"superhero,\\" as only one of the characters has supernatural abilities), and what starts as a whodunit quickly escalates into a meditation on power, government, politics, technology, and the direction humanity is headed.  Yes, the Cold War-era nuclear-holocaust material slightly dates the tale, but the theme of mankind's ever growing ability to destroy ourselves is still relevant today.<br /><br />Yet for all its philosophizing, \\"Watchmen\\" remains firmly grounded in character study, and the costumed adventurers found withing are given incredibly complex psychologies.  Everyone is a realistically flawed human being doing their best to figure out their place in the world.  By the novel's end, you come to understand all the characters, even the ones who have done the most horrific things (including an attempted rape and some graphic murders).  Moore and Gibbons do not pass judgment on their characters, leaving the reader to ultimately decide how he or she feels about each one.<br /><br />The way the narrative is told is absolutely riveting, filled with flashbacks and concurrent scenes juxtaposed to maximum artistic effect.  And in between each chapter is a wealth of supplemental materials to fill in the gaps of the novel's backstory, each done in the fashion of  publications that exist in the Watchmen world (newspaper clippings, excerpts from fake novels, etc.).  And artist Dave Gibbons expertly supports Moore's text with detailed artwork packed with symbolism and hidden meanings.  You could easily spend hours pouring over the panels to find small symbolic details and hints of future plot twists.  The final panel alone masterfully and succintly brings the work full-circle and is chilling in its implications.<br /><br />In short, anyone who is a fan of literature (not just comic books) needs to read \\"The Watchmen.\\"  While I have high hopes for the film adaptation, it cannot hope to match the complexity, breadth, and depth of the source material.  This is one of the most stimulating books I have read in a long time, and I cannot recommend it highly enough.
B000002N1E|5.0|Although segues between songs is nothing new in the world of CD's, I have never heard such an idea pulled off so well.  The almost futuristic SFX and female voice-overs offer much to the atmosphere of this brilliant album.  I could go on and on about the music, but I think everyone else has already done so.  This is Prince at his artistic best.
0439023483|4.0|It's About:  Katniss Everdeen, an impoverished girl from District 12 who takes her sister's place in the annual reality show-slash-gladiator event, The Hunger Games. Particularly suited to the task because of her secret forays into the woods to hunt game for her family, Katniss is paired with Peeta Mallark, the baker's son from District 12, and their public image carefully crafted to gain sponsors and advantages in these survival games to the death.<br /><br />Collins does a remarkable job of worldbuilding, everything seamless and and real enough that disbelief suspends itself. Her grasp of both war and bloodlust is capable, and speaking as a screenwriter, she has a scary accurate peek into the way television entertainment, especially reality tv, is molded and shaped to please the audience. \\"The Hunger Games\\" was a fast, touching read that I finished in one night. I was in tears at one point, deeply invested in Katniss' struggle, but turning the last page, I was incredibly frustrated.<br /><br />After crafting a canny, insightful, resourceful protagonist in Katniss, Collins allows the character to be oblivious to the nature of one relationship for so long that she seems willfully stupid. Then, she resurrects a character we haven't seen and the protagonist hasn't considered, for more than 300 pages- just to set up a sequel. To me, the ending seemed hastily tacked on, a clumsy epilogue to an otherwise deftly crafted novel.<br /><br />Would I Give This Book To a Teen: Yes, definitely- as annoyed as I was by the blatant sequel grab, that's all of 10 pages out of almost 400; the rest of the pages are amazing.<br /><br />Would I Give This Book To an Adult: Yes- and with its gorgeous, austere cover, and smart text inside, I think this would be a great book to feed to the YA-Naysayers. \\"We secretly replaced their Tom Clancy with this young adult novel, let's see if they notice!\\"<br /><br />My 14 Year Old Son Says: 14 Year Old Son returns after marching band season!
B0002GTWQA|5.0|Joseph Conrad's novel is a classic and Richard Brooks made a first-rate film version, with a great cast headed by Peter O'Toole in the early years of his career.  Filmed in Super Panavasion 70 on locations in South East Asia, the film looks breathtaking in this excellent DVD transfer that has been remastered in high definition.  Jack Hawkins narrates as well as appears (sadly, after he had had operations for throat cancer so his rich voice has lost some of its magic) and just when you think the story is reaching a conclusion, James Mason turns up for another chapter.  Bronislau Kaper's music score is one of the greats (also including lots of Asian gamelan instruments) and decades ago was a collector's item LP.  This anamorphic transfer recreates the visual impact of the film's initial theatrical release and the Dolby Digital sound is knockout.  O'Toole heads a fine cast and the film's uncompromising finale will surprise many.  First-rate sea adventure!
B001DZLAWI|5.0|1. Kill 'em All  2. Ride the Lightning  3. Master of Puppets  4. And Justice For All  5. Metallica  6. Garage, Inc.  7. Death Magnetic
B00005JPY0|5.0|I hope this is all right to place here in the review section. But for any fans interested I read that the release date on this is December 9, 2008. Of course, until we have something official from Warner it's unconfirmed, but you know it WILL be before Xmas.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|People will buy this no matter what; that's just a fact. On the flip side, some people will say any new metallica is crap no matter what. It's a tribalistic thing at this point, sadly.  I honestly do like some later metallica songs, but there isn't a single thing to like about this record. Not a single thing.    People who are discerning music fans will not bother listening to this record more than once.      Metallica hasn't made a consistently good record since Reagan was president, and it doesn't change here. The production is muddy, Hetfield is laughable in both his lyrics and his delivery, and Lars drum timing and performance are off while sounding like he recorded these tracks with a Rockband drum set. The songs are bad, long... and bad. I could cite a band and record like Testament's The Gathering as something that is good in this genre, but jesus.... what in god's name are the guys in metallica thinking?    They're thinking they will sell a few million copies based on name recognition and pack in crowds for the tours. To be fair, it's the production that makes these songs sound so uninspiringly mediocre, so live, they might shine. Crazier things have happened, so i won't cut that possibility out. However, from band that's been around this long, this is really unacceptable.    If you are a huge fan, you're gonna like a new metallica record even if it's lars singing creedence clearwater cover songs with a flute accompaniment. Then there are the people who will just point to Slayer, Testament, Death, Dillinger Escape Plan, High on Fire, or some other more consistent band who has released a great metal record in the last ten years and just laugh at this band and make funny parodies of their name. Then there are people like me, that wants to like Metallica again and wants a good reason to; this record does not make a good case for that goal.    On the plus side, this record means Metallica will be touring, so that's always good. Say what you want, if you like oldmetallica songs, then the best metallica cover band you can see is metallica themselves. The problem is you will most certainly have to listen to some songs from this record live.
B001B1UO6W|5.0|finally!!!! I was waiting forever to buy a widescreen version i have been holding out ever since the release of fullscreen. Movie companies should read amazon reviews so they can hear the demands of their customers. Anyway thank's for finally doing it justice
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I honestly was not expecting much from Metallica on this one. I gave up hope on them shortly after the release of Re-Load. I always tried to remain positive each time a Metallica album was release but was not really impressed when St.Anger came out and I had pretty much resided myself to the memories of my youth. When Death Magnetic came out I was at the point where I had forgotten they were even releasing a new album. So I purchased it out of musical boredom and was blow away. I couldn't believe this was Metallica! I mean the groves, the solo's, the lyrics! I mean wow! It almost brings a tear to my eye to hear such a great album. I am so glad I took another chance on them. I do however hope this is their last album, this would be a perfect way to end it. As James says at the end of Cyanide, \\"It's Just the funeral I've been waiting for\\"
0553582461|5.0|I felt the Tawny Man, at least the first two books, were rather slow and, at parts, very sad.  Hobb paints realistic, 3 dimensional characters who can and do die who you fall in love with, gives limits to fantastical elements, a plot that is full of intrigue, but not predictable (yet she leaves clues).  Great series. If you liked George R.R. Martin's SOIF, you'll love these series.
0316113506|2.0|Executive Summary -- Exercise will help improve mental function. Ratey uses nine chapters to describe the physical and chemical processes that happen in the brain for various mental conditions. He explaines that exercise will stimulate the growth of stem cells that can, in turn, become brain cells. In one of these chapters, he mentions that exercise involving skills such as tennis will work better than just physical activity (running). Also mentioned once is that ten minutes of a complex physical activity before a learning session (I take this to be something like yoga, or Tai Chi.) will enhance the learning process.<br />  In chapter 10, the money chapter on physical activity, he suggestes getting into shape perhaps by walking first, and then jogging, and possibly then running as someone gets stronger, and to continue to challenge yourself physically. He says that reistance training is an unknown in terms of activaiting the brain to learn as no research has been done in this area. He does not appear to mention anything about using the combination of exercise and skills activity.<br />  I'll get around to increasing my physical activity, but I'm still not sure what to do.<br /><br />P.S. Unless you're interested in neurochemistry and neurophysilogy, this is the book.
0385340567|1.0|Never thought one of my favorite ex-military characters would condone deserters/desertion.  I understand being burnt out, but this is way off track.
0452289963|1.0|I suppose the very title of this book intrigued me when it said 'A New Earth,'particularly when our Father says He will be bringing in A New Earth more beautiful than humans can imagine.Isaiah 66:22; 2Peter 3:13;  Rev.21:1..1 Cor.2:9; I was raised to believe that the Bible is the word of God. And to believe that He Sent His Son Jesus to show us THE WAY back to He, Himself, Jehovah Yahweh.  (John 3:16; 14:6; John 10:1-9)  Jesus said at John 14:6 to Thomas \\"I am The Way, the Truth, and the Life.  No one comes to My Father except through Me.\\" Acts 9:2-5 when Saul was on his way to Damascus to locate believers, men and women who were called The Way, to arrest them and take them to prison he was blinded by a brilliant bright light from heaven and he fell to the ground and he heard a voice from heaven say to him 'Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me?\\" and he asked him 'Who are you Lord?'  He answered: 'I am Jesus whom you are persecuting' in other words he was saying: 'I am 'THE WAY' whom you are persecuting.'        I have always believed that there is a God who sent His Son to save us, and to show us The Way back to him. (John 17:8; 15:21) And when I heard  celebrities, and others espousing this book, The New Earth I was concerned because they haven't found the Truth that is within Jesus' words that were given to him by His Father.(Deut.18:18; John 5:46; Acts 3:22,23)  Now here is how I know Jesus' words are true today.  He told the Apostle John over 2000 years ago about a day in the future where in order to buy or sell a single thing the people would be compelled by Satan  to take a mark either in the right hand or on the forehead. ( Rev.13:16-18; 1st Chronicles 21:1-7;Luke 4:5)         On April 7, 2004 I became aware that that day was really here when I heard on the radio about a chipmobile (verichip, digital angel, infowars.com, and the book: Spychips by Katherine Albrecht and Liz McIntyre) that would be going down neighborhood streets with balloons and candy,to encourage parents to let them implant a microchip with their child's unique personal number of a man (woman and child) linked to 666, into their hand.  Well, I was deeply saddened because I knew that was the mark of the beast.  But if I ever had any doubts that the Bible is the word of GOD I didn't have them anymore. I hadn't really gave a lot of thought to the fact that they had been implanting microchips in millions of dogs and cats for years,(Ecclesiastes 3:17-21) but  microchips for humans with their radio-frequency-identifying-devices(rfid)inside of them that send their signal to the nearest cell phone tower to be picked up by the Big Spy in the Sky (GPS) was obviously the Mark of the Beast.  Since then I have found out that the microchip comes with two built in sixes, and then they add one more six, your social security number, and your area code, and the three digit code that identifies your country.       In some states if a child is born to a drug mother she loses her parental rights to the child, and baby becomes a ward of the state until they find a proper home for it.  When baby is taken in for its first shots it is microchipped, and this is going on behind the scenes at adoption agencies, foster home agencies, juvenile halls, some prisons,  etc.  Sixty hospitals in the U.S. are asking people to voluntarily take the microchip, and many have, as it will not only have their medical info in it, but with a wave of a wand like device they can download their financial and personal history into it.        I cannot believe a book like 'a new earth,' because Jesus says there is a Test (Rev.2:10) that will be administered first to all mankind: That Test being whether or not we will willingly take the Mark or not.  Jesus said that all who willingly take the mark will be 'tormented with fire and sulphur  in the sight of the holy angels and in the sight of the lamb. And forever and ever the smoke of their torment ascends day and night.\\"(Rev. 14:9-11)  They will never live on God's New Earth. Rev. 21:1-5 and he says to John that His Father will bring to ruin THOSE who are ruining His earth. (Rev. 11:18.)       Things that could hasten the microchipping of humans might be the collapse of the financial market, which might trigger a panic resulting in Marshal Law, or catastrophic natural disasters, or deadly diseases that could result in millions of people being sent to the fema camps, the concentration camps, the Japanese relocation camps that have been restored. Once the people are there, they will be told that because of terrorism or disease, everyone must take the Mark of the Beast or they cannot leave the camp.      The Preachers that the camps employ, some 26,000 of them, in the U.S. alone will encourage the people to take the Mark of the Beast citing Romans 13:1-7 as a way to convince the masses to go along with the governments evil plan, to ensure that NO ONE gets to live in God's New Earth. It is because I know the prophecies are coming true now, that I cannot put my faith in any book but the BIBLE, and it's owner ALMIGHTY GOD JEHOVAH YAHWEH, and His SON, JESUS CHRIST. (All Kingdoms are Satans.  He told Jesus that they could all be his if he would bow down and do an act of worship before him.  Jesus told him \\"It is written, 'It is Jehovah Yahweh your God you must worship and only Him'  If the kingdoms would not have been Satans to give, Jesus would have told him as much. Luke 4:5)      Here are the verses you need to read to be enlightened to Truth.  Rev. 2:10; 3:10; 13:16-18; 14:9-11; 15:2;  16:2; 19:19,20;  20:4; John 17:3, 6, 24; Matthew 3:17; 17:5; 16:16,17; John 12:28; 14:22-28; Acts 3:22,23; Deut.18:18; John 5:46; 1st John 2:15-17; 5:19; James 4:4; Rev. 17 and 18. Exodus 20:4; Psalms 115:4-8; Acts 17:29; Jer.10:1-5; 25:31       In my reading of the Bible Jesus is returning right after the Test, (Rev.2:10;  3:10; 13: 16-18; 14: 9-11; 15:2; 16:2; 19:19,20; 20:4)   so read Matthew, Mark, Luke and John for insight onwhat they want you to do.  Then read Acts and all the books.      Remember that Saul changed his name to Paul,(Acts 13:9) and after he was made aware that he was a chosen vessel to slave for Jesus instead of the Pharisees, (Acts 9:15) he gladly embraced The Way and became a member of the The Way.  He tells Governor Felix at Acts 24:14 that he is a member of the sect (cult) that is called The Way.  He said that if anyone, even an angel from heaven preached to his congregation a different good news or gospel, different from The Way, let that person or angel be accursed! Galatians 1:8      In 64 A.D. Emperor Nero sat fire to Rome and blamed in on The Way. The soldiers went door to door and dragged  those of The Way from their homes and took them to the Roman Colosseum to become spectatorsport for the Roman citizens, who were invited to watch the lions feast on them.  Paul was saved from the lions mouth by an angel. 2 Tim. 4:17 Those who didn't get caught fled to the hills and lived in caves.  After Paul died false religion grew in Rome and spread around the world. It is called Mystery, Babylon the Great, the Mother of the Harlots, because they fornicate with Satan's governmental leaders and a lot of money changes hands.(2Thess.2:1-12;Rev Ch.17&18; Luke 4:5; 1John 5:19; Matthew 10:8)Those who claim to represent Jesus live in a way that does not mirror his life in any way.  He never passed the plate or had regular meetings. He said \\"foxes have dens and birds have trees but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay his head.\\" (Matthew 8:20) Jesus gave the most important commandment in the Law at Matthew 22:37 \\"You must love Jehovah Yahweh your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind.\\" (38) \\"The second one like it, is this, 'You must love your neighbor as yourself.' All the commandments hang on these two laws.  But The Way still lives in heaven with His Father and soon they will be rescuing those who are seriously looking for His return alongside His Father, Power and Glory and their Army. (Matthew 24:31; Mark 14:61,62; John 14:22-24; Matthew 7:13,14; 21-24. Matthew 12:28; Acts 19:23; 22:4; Ex.20:4,5; Psalms 115:4-8; Acts 17:29) Jesus said all who want to save their life will lose it, but whoever loses their life for my sake, will save it. Matthew 16:25         John 17:3  \\"This means Life Everlasting, their taking in knowledge of You, the Only True God, and of Me whom You sent.\\"  Jesus' Father put His words in Jesus' mouth, and so read those words. (Matthew 4:4; Deut.18:18; John 5:46; Acts 3:22,23; Hebrews 9:28) Keep in mind as you read the four gospels that, the demons Jesus cast out, called Him the Son of God.(Luke 8:28)         Millions of demons are obeying their Master, Satan,to possess susceptible men and women, to cause them to kidnap and hurt your children so you will gladly let Satan's rulers put the microchip implant into your child. Another tool Satan is using to convince you to take the Mark is identity theft.  If you are not feeding on the word of God you are in danger of taking the Mark. Keep your children close to you and do not let them take the microchip with it's 666 inside of it, or even the new invisible electronic ink with the numbers in it.      Before I close this ask yourself these questions:(1)Why out of 6,828 times where God's name appeared in the King James Bible of 1611, it was only translated to Jehovah or Yahweh four times and replaced with a title 'LORD' everywhere else? (Psalms 83:18; Exodus 6:3; Isaiah 12:2; 26:4) (2) Why in 1979 did the New King James Bible remove God's name Jehovah even from the four places? (3) Why did the Vatican recently on June 29, 2008 issue an order forbidding the use of God's Name, Jehovah or Yahweh?  In case you didn't know the removal of God's Name was prophesied about at Jeremiah 23:27. \\"That think to cause My people to forget My Name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbor, as their fathers forgot My Name for Baal.\\"  You canfind a excellent reason for restoring God's Name, Jehovah, in all 6,828 places in the American Standard Version Bible of 1901 and 1929 in the preface. This version restored it. Ask yourself if there is only Jesus, and he doesn't have a real Father, then what is he the way to? Why did Jesus say take in knowledge of only two?  Why did he tell His Father in a prayer that he had made his Father's name known to the men He gave him? (John 17:3,6,24; Matt.4:4) If you don't know Jesus' Father will you enter heaven? Matthew 7:21 also Joel 2:32 says \\"And it must occur that 'everyone' who calls on the name of Jehovah Yahweh will get away safe\\" Many will believe Romans 10:13 \\"For everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved\\" and they will call simply on Jesus because they 'Don't Know Him Who Sent Me' and forbidding the use of the true God's name, and forbidding its being written down and said aloud is a means of keeping them from knowing Him who Sent him! John 15:21  God Bless You through His Son Jesus Christ and by all means take in knowledge of two. John 17:3  It means Everlasting Life.
0740748475|5.0|[[ASIN:0740748475 The Complete Calvin and Hobbes (Calvin & Hobbes)]]    Enjoyed so much I ordered a second set as a gift.  Great for Calvin &  Hobbes fans.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Let's start off by saying i think that St. Anger was one of the worst CD's i had ever listened to and after that one i had little hope left for Metallica.  However after listing to Death Magnetic, i realized that they can still make great music.<br /><br />Before St. Anger i loved all of Metallica's CDs.  From the old school Kill 'Em All to the Black Album to Re-Load and S&M and the rest of them, i loved them all.  Now to St. Anger.  This was so much of a disappointment that i was worried Metallica's run as one of the best bands ever was over.<br /><br />Then Death Magnetic is released.  This album is a breath of fresh Metallica air.  The music contains everything that made Metallica what they are today, but with a modern twist.  The music contains solos again from Kirk, which St. Anger did not have.  There are some great guitar parts on this CD which I love.  The music once again has rhythm and all of the songs flow well.  There are very heavy parts like old Metallica mixed in with the rhythm of the early 90's Metallica, it's wonderful.<br /><br />I'd have to say that this CD will spring Metallica back into the mainstream that they deserve.  They either listened to the fans or realized for themselves how bad St. Anger was.  Either way, they realized and now came out with an awesome album.
0694003611|4.0|I can't imagine missing this book in my daughter's library. It's hard to believe that it was written 60 years ago, but that's what classic children stories should look like. My toddler loves it, and so do we. It's interesting that we didn't read a book for a couple of months, then returned to it and realized that she actually remembers it very well and is able to supply the next word in the story. It's not as entertaining as her other bedtime selections, but it's very calming and I think that this book will have a long lasting life in our library.
0060920084|4.0|This book: part humor, part travelogue, narrates Bryson's road trip across the United States and back again. Bryson travels without strict itinerary, and with frequent stops in small towns across the country. The narrative is written in classic Bryson style, with frequent diversions to explain the origin of many of life's oddities, and with constant sideline commentary. As is usually the case with Bryson, the narrative is illuminating, amusing, and shows Bryson's sense of adventure. It was a pleasure to read. Yes, Bryson is frequently critical, but it's important to note that he's an equal-opportunity offender. Wherever he goes he brings his decidedly sarcastic wit, but he also balances criticism with admiration. This is not a book with a weighty message about humanity or morality, but it is a fun read to pick up and put down at leisure. And the ability to dive in and out is one of the beautiful things about this book; one can enjoy it and put it aside at will, and it takes little time to become reengaged in Bryson's prose.
B0002NRRAG|5.0|I first heard Peyroux' \\"Don't Wait Too Long\\" on NPR and immediately bought the Careless Love CD.  What a treasure! At first she did remind me of Holiday, but the more I listened, the more I heard her own sound and style. This is one I can play over and over and never tire of (especially Between the Bars - incredible!).  I have probably given this CD to a dozen friends, who in turn have become big fans.  While I have also enjoyed her other CDs, this one remains my favorite and, I think, her best.
B000GCG59W|5.0|I went to see Buika in Spain August 2008 - the best ever.. such passion.. the crowd loved her.. I am so delighted I saw her.. my No. 1..
B00192KCQ0|3.0|After hearing the first single \\"The Day That Never Comes\\". I wasn't expecting much out of this album.  Boy, was I wrong.  Its not one of their best, but it beats \\"St. Anger\\" any day of the week as well.  Its worth a listen, if nothing else.  Metallica will never sound as good as they did in the 80s but this'll do.
B0018O4YSQ|5.0|This was a blind buy for me. I read a lot about this movie and it seemed like the type of movie I would enjoy (I love Blade Runner and The Matrix). I was not disappointed. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and am glad I purchased it.    PQ and AQ are great. You will need to see this movie in a dark room so you can see all the details of the great set.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|The last time I bought a Metallica cd I was 14 years old and still a freshman in high school. First off , I'd like to state that the \\"REAL\\" Metallica died after ..And Justice. I tolerated the black album because it was catchy and heavy..but still a letdown. Time and maturity has changed this band. They tarnished their thrash metal legacy with a slew of embarassing , sell-out albums. So..it was with disbelief that I found myself entering a music store to purchase their latest opus; reading reviews and hype persuaded me. Metallica have sullied their legacy so much in the past decade and a half, that any self-respecting metal head has made a muse of trashing their recent outputs ( and rightfully so). Metallica turned their back on what they created..changed their image ..and made radio-friendly crap.I've learned to put my anger in the past. Their first four albums are classic..they'll never be what they used to. So..Death Magentic? One word..refreshing. If you brush past the disappointments ( James' less than stellar vocals and pathetic lyrics), you'll be hit with nostalgia. Craftily, the band has peppered this album with hints of all their past albums..seemingly to please all fans from every chapter of their career..and it works. I've always respected Lars and Kirk..and they absolutely tear it up here. The album is LOUD and much faster than anything post And Justice ( which isn't saying much). There seems to be a parallel here with Slayer's recent offerings . Here's the problem: with all the vicious thrash and death metal around nowadays..Metallica just don't seem all that magnificant anymore. Gone is the vitriolic metal message they used to spread. Instead, what we get is four millionaires pedalling their old tricks. Heavy? check. Fast? check.At this point in their career..does it really matter anymore? They are in their mid-40's with wives and kids. Why try acting tough now? They SHOULD have released this instead of the black album..but ...they didn't. So what you get is a sentimental trip down memory lane..pounding drums..cutting riffs..but essentially a hollow affair ( all guts..no glory). Ever go back to an old neighborhood after being gone for a decade or more? You can still feel the charm and revisit the ghosts of old haunts..but the new neighborhood has changed ALOT.Time has altered something once special beyond recognition. Metallica is no different.I'll always be a metal/hard rock fan, though, and this is a rocking album ...finally. The best in 17 years.
B00127RAJY|4.0|Great workout, especially for 20 minutes. The varied workout intensities allow for exercise flexabity, so you don't get bored.
B00005RHGL|5.0|Becoming if not already a classic tale of Wyatt Earp and his family and friends.  Excellent cast and outstanding performances.  A truly moving and sometimes shocking view into the \\"wild\\" west and beyond.
B000050XEI|3.0|The album has some very good tracks, the music is relaxing and soft. Enya has proved to make some of the best relaxing music and this album confirms this.  I gave it 3 stars because of the recording. Enya`s vocal is so bright, it sounds like her throat is dry like a desert or somebody is trying to choke her. The background music is recorded badly, the instruments are not defined very well.
0930289234|5.0|When I was a kid ('60s) I read comics, but those were just comics (in tone, style, and depth). As an adult, I do not read graphic novels, but I do read novels and non-fiction. So, it took a lot for me to buy this. However, I am very glad I did. Although not Tolstoy, it has an amazing level of depth for the form, and a really nice mixed media style. It uses a combination of graphic novel techniques (narration, dialogue, pure image, slow motion image, allusion by image, etc), written form, book within a book, and comic within a comic. Sometimes the techniques feel forced, but for the most part, they are very effective and drive the story arc and message. The comic within the comic model such that it has two stories intersecting is very effective and unlike anything I have seen before in a book (it is a movie technique). It gets the message across very powerfully.<br />I found this very readable and enjoyable once I got past the graphic novel aspect. That is, a book normally uses scene descriptions to help you understand the context, but these use drawings. So, far less text than a book and of course dialogue in balloons and all, but you get used to it.<br />I felt the ending was somewhat artificial, like the author was told to finish it up, but other than that, it is really worth reading if you enjoy literature.
B000ANVQ0K|5.0|This three disc special edition is a great set for all collectors to have. The special features on this edition are amazing and to see how James Cameron was able to make the movie look like you were on the Titanic itself back in 1912 is outstanding. Even the fine details that they put into the set is excellent. Along with that, the acting was done well by all the actors which showed this dramatic event which occured 96 years ago. This movie allows people to see the true events which occurred on that cold night on April 15, 1912 and helps to remind everyone of the tragedy of the amazing ship Titanic.
0316042994|5.0|Brideshead Revisited was published in 1944 and has won its place as the most famous and beloved work of its prolific author Evelyn Waugh (1903-1966). Waugh was a British aristocrat, alcoholic and a devout Roman Catholic. He was a conservative and a snob. The man could, however, write with power, passion and keen skills of observation.<br />  The 300 page novel is narrated by Charles Ryder. Ryder is a middle class chap who aspires to be a painter. His father is distant and dull; his mother was killed during World War I. Charles enters Oxford quickly becoming acquainted with a bohemian set. Homoeroticism is normative in this group led by the outre Anthony Patch. Charles becomes acquainted with Sebastian Flyte wealthy and spoiled son of Lord and Lady Marchmain<br />During a summer recess Ryder and Sebastian visit the latter's ancestral home Brideshead. The Marchmains are Roman Catholics who have had the faith instilled deeply into their psyches by the formidable Lady Marchmain.<br />  Charles is drawn closer to the Marchmains as time passes. In addition to Sebastian he meets and eventually has an adulterous relationship with Juia. Brideshead the oldest son is a snob and ninnyhead who collects matchbox boxes and weds a fat, fortyish and fatuous widow. The youngest child is Celia who enters a convent later emerging to do nursing work.<br />  The glorious springtime of hope for the family comes a cropper. Sebastian drops out of school, becomes an alcoholic and lives out his life in a monastery in Tunisia. Julia weds the obtuse and greedy Rex Mottram but ditches him for Charles. After her mother dies her Catholic teaching keeps her from marrying Charles. Ryder is an agnostic who cannot persuade Julia to leave God for him. Ryder is a sad sack of a man despite his fame in the art world. He and all of the characters are lonely seekers for love which they find elusive.<br />  Charles becomes a captain in the British army in World War II. It is in this capacity that he and his squad camp out at the deserted Brideshead estate. Memories flood his nostalgic soul for a lost dawn when life was just beginning and the drab life of wartime England was not even imaginable. At age 39 the divorced Charles pines for the love of Julia dreaming of a happiness which will never be fulfilled.<br />  Waugh is adept at using symbolism. Sebastian was an early Christian martyr slain with arrows. Sebastian the Marchmain son is also slain by the slings and arrows in flight which destoy his fragile pesona. Sebastian clutching his teddybear Aloysius is also a fragile toy who cannot escape the Roman Catholicism faith. Sebastian is alwas in flight but never finds a perch in this world.  Charles Ryder rides with the Roman Catholic aristocracy but never feels he is really a part of that close knitted group. Ryder becomes a famous artist but is unfaithful to his dull and amorous wife. Lady Marchmain marches forth carrying high the banner of Catholic orthodoxy. The death scene of the old roue Lord Marchmain finds him returning to the faith in a touching death scene. Waugh is a Christian writer in our secular age.<br />  None of the characters are lovable and all are deeply flawed. They do live and breathe and become human for us as we are enveloped by the rich prose of Mr. Waugh.<br />  Brideshead Revisited has had a big revival due to the new movie and the reissue of the series on DVD which was broadcast by the BBC years ago. The book is very British, slow moving and more character centered than plot driven. It is a novel which will make you think on everything from snobbery to social class to faith. No wonder it is a modern classic.squad camp out at the deserted Brideshead estate. Memories flood his nostalgic soul for a lost dawn when life was just beginning and the drab life of wartime England was not even imaginable. At age 39 the divorced Charles pines for the love of Julia dreaming of a happiness which will never be fulfilled.<br />  Waugh is adept at using symbolism. Sebastian was an early Christian martyr slain with arrows. Sebastian the Marchmain son is also slain by the slings and arrows in flight which destoy his fragile pesona. Sebastian clutching his teddybear Aloysius is also a fragile toy who cannot escape the Roman Catholicism faith. Sebastian is alwas in flight but never finds a perch in this world.  Charles Ryder rides with the Roman Catholic aristocracy but never feels he is really a part of that close knitted group. Ryder becomes a famous artist but is unfaithful to his dull and amorous wife. Lady Marchmain marches forth carrying high the banner of Catholic orthodoxy. The death scene of the old roue Lord Marchmain finds him returning to the faith in a touching death scene. Waugh is a Christian writer in our secular age.<br />  None of the characters are lovable and all are deeply flawed. They do live and breathe and become human for us as we are enveloped by the rich prose of Mr. Waugh.<br />  Brideshead Revisited has had a big revival due to the new movie and the reissue of the series on DVD which was broadcast by the BBC years ago. The book is very British, slow moving and more character centered than plot driven. It is a novel which will make you think on everything from snobbery to social class to faith. No wonder it is a modern classic.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Although it is not Master Of Puppets or Ride the Lightning, Death Magnetic is much better than the last few albums Metallica did with producer Bob Rock. Nobody wants to own up to the fact that Bob Rock almost completely ruined Metallica's music style. Although I do give Rock credit for influencing Metallica's Black Album, and Motley Crue's Dr. Feelgood album. The years that followed these two triumphant albums has shown Rock destroying more bands careers than enhancing them. Case in point--the new Offspring Album, the self titled Motley Crue album, Metallica's load, reload, St. Anger (Need I say more).       Death Magnetic shows a return to what made Metallica so great in their early years. 7 minute songs with assaulting Guitars and Drums. Robert Trujillo is a perfect bass player for Metallica. Do not know why people are griping about him. He may not be Cliff Burton, but he does play bass much much better than Jason Newstead.     Much of this is evident in \\"All Nightmare Long\\" which some are calling \\"Enter Sandman II\\". I cannot see this as being true, it reminds me more of \\"Disposable Heroes\\" from the Master Of Puppets album. About the only song that almost kept me from buying this album was \\"Cyanide\\" which sounds much like the junk from \\"Load & Reload\\" albums.     Also a much needed return for Metallica is a full-on instrumental \\"Suicide & Redemption\\". Featuring a style not heard since the days of the \\"Justice\\" album. But before everybody thinks the entire album is glamorous, think again.     One of my gripes against the new album is the track \\"Unforgiven 3\\". Wasn't \\"Unforgiven 2 enough of this title and style. THere are also a couple of other songs that show the signs of Bob Rock's influence over the years, but the majority is straight edge old school Metallica which is why this non-perfect album received a 5 star rating from me.     At least this is one Metallica Album, I am glad I bought, unlike Load & Reload.
B000V86OKG|5.0|Dexter season 2 is an excellent addition to this fine series. If you enjoyed season 1 then you will enjoy season 2 even more. I have friends that liked the first season saying that there is no way to top it, but the writers and actors did. Don't get me wrong season 1 was excellent, but season 2 dives a little deeper into Dexter's past and eventually his future. I actually watched the second season on Showtime and still bought the dvd's and watched it again. This won't be the last time either.
B0010YSD7M|5.0|Have loved this series since the original movie. Wish the series was still around. Hope they make more of these.
B00004W221|5.0|I never grow tired of this movie. My son attends Notre Dame, so it has a special meaning for me. There is an excitement surrouding this University. From the Stadium to the Dome to the Grotto, there is a certain magic and \\"RUDY\\" brings it out.
B0017MO10U|5.0|I was very upset when they took this series off the air. I'm glad to have these movies but still wish the series was still around, Love this movie.
B0014I4KIK|4.0|I have enjoyed this CD. I especially love Rockferry, Serious, Stepping Stone and Mercy. She has a great voice. Now hopefully she'll stay off the Winehouse/Allen path, if you know what I mean!
0316066524|4.0|If you're coming here after hearing the sad news about Wallace, I urge you to just stop reading this and buy the book.  Looks like there's still some used ones left.  If you have any interest in modern fiction, this book is worth the time it demands.  I spent an entire summer reading this book during breaks when I was an usher at a movie theater.  This is maybe the only novel that could have taken my mind off that job.  It's entertaining, deep and so funny there's practically a laugh on every page - and look at the page count!  Lucky you!  In short, and from what I remember when I read the book eight years ago, the story takes place in the very near-future and concerns a young tennis player at a prep school (I think exclusively for tennis players); his deceased father, creator of the compulsively watchable film, Infinite Jest; citizens in a halfway house near the academy; and a couple militia organizations vying for control of the lost film mentioned above.  These all serve as spring boards to showcase Wallace's impressive (though never boring) breadth of knowledge.  It would be so nice for a book this long to be equally entertaining.  And surprise, it is!  It became very easy for me to live with this book and very hard to let it go after its abrupt ending.  I would get lost flipping between the main body of the work and the sizable bank of footnotes in the back; more than once I was rudely interrupted by my boss for staying out on break too long.    If nothing else (though there's plenty else) this book will serve as a grand testament to American literature at a time when most people thought a kid my age wouldn't dare pick up a book, let alone one that required two hands.
B000YABIQ6|3.0|This is a technical comment about the production of the DVD.  I've watched 7 episodes so far and discovered that Episode 7 was mastered in the NTSC composite video format rather than a cleaner component digital format.  I rechecked an earlier episode and also looked at episode 8 and they were both okay, so, so far it's only episode 7.
B0000VCZK2|1.0|One of the CDs was damaged in the first shipment so it had to be sent back.  The second one was damaged in the same way.   Must be a factory defect.   Since it was a gift, I'm assuming the receiver got a gift card instead.   So for the first time, I'm not happy with the service.
031606792X|4.0|I liked Bella better in Breaking Dawn...she wasn't so wimpey.  I wanted to see her use more of her new vampire powers but we only got a hint of what she was capable of.  It would have been awesome for her to go to battle for Edward or Jacob, and/or especially her daughter.  I also wanted to see the vampires and werewolves fight each other and then ultimately fight together to save both their species.  Yea, I'm the type of person that walks into a house and starts rearranging furniture, changing the paint and fixtures.  Nothings really perfect in my imaginery world or reality.
B00154GEFU|4.0|This is an excellent CD for those that love Asia, as I do, there are a couple of really excellent songs, such as Extraordinary life and Shadow of a doubt, there isn't a bad song on the CD, is very well engineered and produced, but there is nothing that is a standout song.  For anyone that has been an Asia fan from the 80's, when they really changed a lot of the music world with what they did, this will be a good, but not a great cd. If you are someone who has listened to Asia before, you will enjoy this, but if you haven't, this CD probably isn't for you.  Even with the original members all together again, there is nothing groundbreaking here, and you will either like the original sound or not.
0684833395|5.0|Heller uses the most brilliant satire as he pens the story of Yossarian and his comrades, and their fight for survival in the midst of war and death. Sarcasm drips off every page, which makes the book a bit slow at times, but thoroughly humorous and enjoyable. And....what an ending!     If you love M*A*S*H, you will love this book! And if you love this book, you should seriously watch M*A*S*H!
031606792X|5.0|stephanie meyer is a new and great author. I find all of her books totally compelling. Once you pick any of them up, you are hooked. I am looking forward to many more books by this young author. If you liked the rest of the twilight saga, you couldn't ask for more with breaking dawn.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|This is the bottom line.... If you are a fan of \\"...And Justice For All\\", then this release is sure to please.  There is little instant gratification with DM as opposed to a \\"Black Album\\" or a \\"Load\\", but then again, Metallica was at their best when they weren't putting out the overly-polished/poppy material.  Still, songs like \\"Unforgiven III\\" and even the instrumental \\"Suicide and Redemption\\" are sure to catch your ear.    This is not Metallica heading in a new direction.  This is \\"We'd better please the fans after having the nerve to release the garbage that is St. Anger\\".  This is a true return to form. Songs in the key of Em, Kirk Hammett effectless and speedy guitar solos, double bass drum fury, and of course, minimal bass guitar (unfortunately).    Keep in mind, \\"Death Magnetic\\" is old, pre-grammy Metallica.  80s metalheads who are still sportin their 1988 Monsters of Rock tour shirt are in their glory right now.
B000QEIORG|5.0|This is a great album and I really look forward to listening to it on my way home from work int he evenings  :)
B00004XQ83|5.0|We love the music on this Cd and also loved the DVD which we had purchased earlier. I would recommend the CD to anyone who enjoys the music on the DVD.
0452289963|4.0|That said, I find the author disingenuous and rather pompous.  If anyone can believe that Tolle is fully conscious and egoless, I'd be shocked.  Whether he is or isn't is irrelevant to the messages he conveys.<br />Yes, were I to think of myself as spiritually evolved, spending a week with my parents would promptly eliminate that self delusion.<br />Read Ekhart's irrefutable proof of reincarnation.  It's laughable.<br />Yet there is wisdom in his constant rehashing of how we get lost in the dramas of our lives.  Guilty!<br />I wish Tolle had a better editor.  You might take note that there were no acknowledgments in his book, so I was wondering if he even had an editor.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I must admit, i read alot of the reviews on this just to see who bashed it.    First im not an espert on mixing. so i wll tel you unless you mix and cut tracks this album sounds as good as any \\"read the one stars for reference to comment\\"    This album is fast and hard like lightning,puppets and justice. they do have some black album sounds like \\"day that never comes\\" but its few!  lars drums like he did on the justice album and the drums sound normal, unlike st. amger.    i have all of metallicas albums, and listen and like them all. i liked st. anger but feel it was the worst they made. if you like load and reload this is not your album. if your a fan of the black going back to ride the lightning give it a try.    lyricly this is not the strongest record they have made. in my opinion that is where its lacking...they do say dark things without a reason  other then to sound dark...like danzig dose, like danzig you will know it when you hear it. they do not do this alot, it dose not ruin the album.   the biggist change on the album is your can hear BASS!!! and its good!  unforgiven 3 should have a different name, its not a unforgiven song and is probly the best song on the album in my opinion. they do not say \\"unforgiven 3\\" in the song i was worried also that they would    the tallica bashers are out in force, dont let them ruin a good album for you. make your own opinion on this....tallica has the whole album on their site atm to hear if you want to check it out first.
B000W4HJ44|4.0|I ordered the 2-disc Shake & Shimmy Edition of Hairspray for my daughter's birthday. The contents were everything we expected (Fabulous!) but we were very disappointed that Amazon didn't include the fancy cardboard cover that we had seen in the stores.[[ASIN:B000W4HJ44 Hairspray (Two-Disc Shake & Shimmy Edition)]]
B00104QSOM|5.0|This movie will be known as one of the greats, one for the ages.  Like other great films; Citizen Kane, 2001: A Space Odyssey etc, it is not for everyone.  The pacing is deliberate, the characters complicated, the music bizarre, the moral of the story cloudy.  But what a story.      We follow the career of Daniel Plainview- misanthrope, miser, oil-man- as he gains a fortune and loses everything that makes it worth having.  Daniel Day-Lewis' performance is astounding, one of the most complete transformations in modern cinema.  He perfectly captures the few moments of peace and humanity that Plainview has before rejecting human-kind as imperfect.  And Paul Dano as Plainveiw's nemesis, the self-made (or self-deluded) preacher Eli, holds his own against the veteran actor.  On one level, There Will Be Blood can be seen as the struggle between religion and capitalism, a clash of the titans with Plainview and Eli locked in a battle from which neither can back down.  Very few films create such perfectly crafted characters with such real, moving and dramatic conflict between them.  Their battle is at once epic and relatable as they continue to one-up the other in a series of betrayals and humiliations.      With such over-the-top performances, the whole movie could easily have degenerated into a camp-fest, but the restraint and calm of the cinematography and the deliberate pacing balances everything.  Under the painstaking direction of Paul Thomas Anderson the film becomes a series of peaks and valleys, with periods of peace and violence as perfect as a Beethoven symphony.    But again, Beethoven isn't for everyone.  And if none of the above appeals to you, by all means, please skip it.  At nearly three hours it would be a painful experience to anyone who wasn't in the mood for it.  I was awed by There Will Be Blood, I think its one of the greatest American films ever made.  But its not the movie for a night of relaxing in front of the tv.  There's a time for mindless entertainment, and a time for something more.  When you want something more- then give There Will Be Blood a try.
B0000062GE|5.0|When this CD hits... It hits hard. I was very impressed with this CD. This by far is the best of the now discontinued band. I was very impressed. Too many great songs to toss this one in the bargain bin. Great sound and very dynamic audio quality.
B000FTWB7G|5.0|This is the best album I have ever listened to. I absolutely love how dramatic, even subtly so, the music can be. Amy Lee has the most beautiful voice, and her harmonies are incredible!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Best work since ... And Justice for All. So many great riffs, it's hard to keep up. I look forward to listening to this CD over and over again!!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Someone asked me to rank the songs 1-10. The only song I can rank is Cyanide at #10 (its a bit too load-reload sounding).  Metallica really did a good job on this one. Its as good as St Anger was bad, and for all you Metallica fans out there, thats saying something.  Ive heard issues with the mastering, which I heard on the early mp3s, but the actual hard copy CD doesnt seem to have any issues to me. The CD sounds lively, with that classic Metallica bite to the songs. Definitely pick up the CD of this one so you get the best quality out there.
0375842209|5.0|Thanks to many critics' lists of best contemporary books, I took notice of this masterpiece of a novel.  This is not only my favorite book of the past year, this is one of my top five favorite books ever.   This brilliant story of loss and the pursuit of love and belonging could have been set in any time or location.  Nevertheless, the setting also serves as one of the best accounts of life on WWII Germany's home front I've ever read.  The story is told with beautifully simple and often poetic language and the characters are treated with a restraint that is masterful.  The setting and the characters were so vivid and alive that I felt as if I too had lived with the Hubermann's on Himmel Street.  While I highly encourage teenagers to read this novel, I do hope that they will read it again as a young adult and yet again as an older adult.  This book has so much to teach us all regardless of our stage of life.  Within hours of reading the last chapter, I found myself hurrying to pass the book along to a loved one.  However, I'll soon buy another copy for I will definitely find myself reading this many times over in the coming years.
B000008L90|5.0|Dont be fooled, no, no, no, this is not the Geffen release of CAT WITHOUT CLAWS, but the very bad and cheap reissue of it put out by mercury records, the cover is fuzzy, there is no booklet inside, the back cover is this ugly pink and white mess with black lines, words on the back about donna and how this cd chated in the U.S and the U.kand a nice plug on how mercury records has made this part of there archive collection.....WHO CARES? The cd sounds ok, but they have made a big mees of the orignal art work...what a shame, donna deserves much better for her hard work and great music, i hated the reissue so much, i returned it, and bought the real geffen release for twice the price, call me crazy, but i am glad i did. this cd and THE WANDERER, and ALL SYSTEMS GO also have been reissued like this, if your looking for the cheap badly done reissue..its what you want, if your a big fan, you will want the real Geffen release.....all of these are out of print, the geffen ones are getting very hard to get.........get them while there still around.
B0018M6J90|3.0|Synopsis: Miss Pettigrew (Frances McDormand) has just been fired from her governess position and has been put out on the streets without her last weeks wages.  With a history of lost jobs on record she is denied help from her employment agency and finds herself facing a life of poverty and soup kitchens. In desperation she steals a business card from the agency with the address of a possible employer. As luck would have it she becomes the social secretary of an aspiring young actress (Amy Adams) living a life \\"fraught with moral complexity\\" which Miss Pettigrew appears destined to sort out. Will she stand \\"strong, confident, firm\\" against the shallow, libertine world which she has entered or will she carve out a new life on her own terms?<br /><br />Critique: First things first, yes this is most definitely a `chic flick' so gentlemen be warned. Set in '39 in London we find ourselves involved in the trivial pursuits of the artistic and social elite; elegant fashion shows, upscale clothing salons and extravagant parties are the canvas upon which the story unfolds. As you might expect this new environment is fraught with all the vices and evils that come with too much money and shallow, self-absorbed lifestyles. It's one of those confrontations between the shallowness of the upper crust and the street wisdom of the working class. There's really nothing original here but it's done well, the dialogue is lively and the storyline is well paced.<br /><br />Bottom Line: If you enjoy hobnobbing with the rich and famous, 30's clothing and art deco furnishings this is the film for you. My rating: -3 1/2 Stars-.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|My cousin and I watched this mini series over a period of 2 days and we thought it was wonderful, full of history, love, politics.  I can't wait to see it again to see what I missed.
B000YEUUCK|1.0|Celine Dion remains, as always, one of the worst things to happen to music since major record labels.
B0000AMRJD|3.0|I think the movie is only truly enjoyable as a demented version of I Love Lucy... but that's me.
B000N3SSVM|5.0|This is great stuff. While the music is electronic, the sound is unique, haunting, and in many cases beautiful (even when the voices are distorted). The videos are really creative - definitely a cut above the usual stuff, even when done on a smaller scale. The video of the live performance is worth the price of the CD set alone. You will want to see these folks live! The Knife is my musical discovery for 2008.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|What a great family movie, history lesson and faith builder all in one.  Highly recommend this movie to all.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|I purchased this for my 11 year old daughter who states this is the BEST Jonas Brothers CD ever.    I liked that the case is simple and environmental friendly.  They added a special feature where you place the CD in your computer to download pictures of the band, the words to the songs, screen savers, etc.  It is HUGE bonus that comes with the CD.  We really liked that surprise feature.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|The cd I ordered came in great condition and at the time it was promised. I'd definitely shop with this seller again.
B000LW7OWE|5.0|Highly entertaining film about the Doors rise to fame.  The music is great.  Not to be missed.
006135323X|4.0|I borrowed my Mom's copy of Nudge but couldn't get into it.  It was a little more academic than my payrate, so to speak.  I got this book instead and I am glad I did.  Arely takes a breezy fun approach to Behavior Econmoics  that made it easy for me to digest.  He offers no advice, just information about some of the hidden aspects of human behavior.  Gread Read, Bottoms Up!!
B001E780W8|4.0|Ok not their best album but difinitley not the worst. Certainly did not lose the groove. Come on you can't do the same thing over and over again. Some can pull it off, some can't, and they did. Rock solid metal album worth the money. Catchy riffs like Dead Memories and Sulfur. Of course how could you not love Psychosocial, one of their best songs ever makes me wanna kick some a$$.
B0018M6J90|4.0|Miss. Pettigrew lives for a day, is the adorable tale of Guinevere Pettigrew(Frances McDormand) a down on her luck nanny, just fired from a not-so-satisfied client; who finds a friend and patron in Delysia(Amy Adams) an aspiring singer with her hands full of both drama and men.<br /><br />After a well timed makeover(because she couldn't go around looking like Oliver Twists' mother), Delysia hires Miss. Pettigrew as a social secretary in order to help her decide what man, and what life path perhaps, may be the most suitable for a woman in her situation.<br /><br />Both Amy Adams and Frances McDormand are simply delightful, not to mention Lee Pace is adorable as Michael; one of Delysia's three suitors.<br /><br />Not the most creative idea, but a well written and in hand, well acted film.<br /><br />If you enjoy a wonderful romance, beautiful 1930s accoutrements and a charming, happy ending you will love Miss Pettigrew lives for a day.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Metallica, as the name states it,  were  never a trash band. They are  a heavy metal band. They have recorded some trash metal which confuses their most narrow-minded fans-the trash metal fans. They want them to record the same records after 25 years like some other bands. And they want their albums to sound like scratched. A great band won't do that in 2008! Death Magnetic is an excellent album and sounds like Metallica at their best. Great songwriting, nice solos, good job from Hetfield. Yes, he is not Rob Halford or Bruce Dickinson, but has a distinct voice unlike many of the newer bands sounding all the same. Greatest songs-My Apocalypse, Judas Kiss, All Nightmare Long, Suicide and Redemption, That was Just Your Life, Broken, Beat&Scarred. Weakest song-The Unforgiven III-not bad, but doesn't fit with the Rest of the album.
B00139W3NE|2.0|I read [[ASIN:0440238609 His Dark Materials Trilogy (The Golden Compass; The Subtle Knife; The Amber Spyglass)]] (suffered through it to be more accurate). Then I watched the Golden Compass.  I was grateful that it left out a lot of the banalities of the book, but then the movie ended with about a third to a quarter of book left to go.      I saw the credits start to roll and I thought \\"Huh!  Where's the rest of the story? WTF?\\"    Other than that, I felt the movie represented the book very well.  If only they had finished it.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|Metallica... is sharpening their edge. I'm impressed by the musical effort. HOWEVER, the album was completely destroyed during production. I have never heard such a poor recording. Remember when you were a kid and put two tape recorders side by side to record between them? That would produce better efforts than this staticy, distorted, mess. I urge you to not buy this album, and to demand better quality. Imagine going to a restaurant, and being served a steak that was run over by a car, and water from the sewer? You would be furious! Don't let the recording companies serve you roadkill.
0761536434|4.0|great reading  I  would have given this 5 stars but there were hardly any pics of any of the retro game machines ,and I think more could have been written about atari I mean it was the company that started it all.  It kind of seemed geared more to nintendo in my opinion with chapter after chapter devoted to them .but all in all a good read .
0930289234|5.0|this is one of the best stories I have ever read. I love the plot development and the ending was a huge suprize. If you like conspiracy & mystery stuff read this!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Okay, so some people have some issues with the sound.  I heard it about Rush's album Vapor Trails; I heard it about Springsteen's Magic...    I'm not saying the complaints aren't justified; this album is very loud...    But let's not over react.  This is a great album, and some people just seem to need something to gripe about.      There isn't a bad song on here, and although the songs are long, they hardly ever SEEM long.  James sounds better than he has in years.  His voice is more mature than the screaming kid who recorded the vocals for Kill'em All, and he's more agressive than he was on Load and ReLoad.  Indeed, there isn't much about this album to complain about.    So, with that in mind, if the only issue here is that this album is another example of the ongoing loudness war... well, so be it.  I've listened to it in my car, on my small stereo, through my television speakers, and on my laptop, and I have yet found a system through which it sounds unlistenable.    Get this immediately.  If you haven't liked Metallica since 1990, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
B0016A2FFG|5.0|I purchased this CD a couple of months ago and I play it on a regular basis. If you love Al Green's music like I do you will not be disappointed!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Metallica is back, finally..  If you liked everything up to And Justice For All and disliked everything after... buy this CD as it carries on as a perfect album to follow Justice.... nuff said.
B001FEA9QU|4.0|Having been a Metallica fan since 1984,I have been seriously disappointed for a LONG time by these guys,really they havent done a quality album since the Black Album,and the mixing on Justice Album is a joke,but yes..they are back! Great sound quality..downloaded thei album song by song(had no issues with the quality by the way)These songs are very \\"Iron Maiden-esque\\" with a lot of tempo changes throughout,but the quality of the writing is very good and I do honestly believe that this is CLEARLY Kirk Hammett's best performance since \\"Ride The Lightning\\"..ALOT of LOUD SCREAMING guitar playing on this one puts this album over the top for me.I would find it hard to come up with someone who could be disappointed with this album.
0307120007|5.0|This little book which I bought on impulse turned out to be the best of the activity books for my son, now 13 months old. He is easily distracted and this book (coupled with his father's additional stories about the bunny) helps him stay focused and stimulates imagination. It is also very helpful at the evening meals, when he is so fascinated that even the tiredness does not make him fuss over his cereal. He literally screams in delight whenever we take the book out.<br />The simple drawings, mild colors and especially soft fur of the bunny make this book an essential for every baby. I cannot recommend it strong enough. A classic, it  will sure be a great gift for many generations of babies.
1577314808|1.0|I did not like this book at All ------thought it a waste of time ------it was recomended by a friend and I will not listen to her next time !!!!     The book was like reading Zen in the 50's -----kept thinking you would find the meaning on the next page -----only to find there is no there there
B0000AUHPG|5.0|I had never seen the uncut version of Sergio Leone's famed Once Upon A Time In The West, before stumbling across the DVD at a bargain price. I had seen major portions of it, chopped up by censors, studio heads, and the nitwits who need to run commercials for local television stations. While intriguing I did not think it could hold up to his justly praised Once Upon A Time In America. I was wrong. It does, and in its own way is just as good, or great. Whereas America is amazingly complex, and follows the lives of several gangsters, West is sparse, amazingly straightforward, yet surreal- having been released fifteen years before America, in 1969. Instead of having affinities more in tune with Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather and Apocalypse Now it resonates with the tv series The Prisoner and Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey.<br />  The film is quite surreal, depending far more on what is shown (imagine that- a film where the visuals are the most important element!) than what is said. In two hours and forty five minutes there's a reputed only fifteen pages of dialogue; most of that cryptic and seeming torn from a Beckett play, rather than being at home in a Western, a genre I generally detest for all the American triumphalism and John Waynean braggadocio, celebrating the worst aspects of the Ugly American. Yet, this film is loaded with symbolism, and a very simple plot. A land speculator named McBain is killed, along with his family, as he awaits his new wife's arrival from New Orleans. She is Jill (Claudia Cardinale), a gorgeous ex-prostitute. The murder is ordered by a man named Morton (Gabriele Ferzettii), a robber baron railroad man whose physical handicap leaves him a prisoner on his train (much in the mode of a 19th Century James Bond supervillain), and who employs a killer named Frank (Henry Fonda), who actually does the deed. On his tale is an unnamed man named Harmonica (Charles Bronson), for the instrument he plays, and also a bandit gang leader named Cheyenne (Jason Robards), whom Frank has framed for the crime.<br />  The film follows the interactions of the four main characters, as described by others.... As for the film, it is surreal, yet also hyper-realistic in its use of the scenery of Monument Valley, and the great faces of many of its character actors- from Jack Elam and Woody Strode in small, early roles, to Lionel Stander and Keenan Wynn in later roles. There are scenes that ring true, even as they are also pure symbolism, such as Cardinale's close association with water and self-image, Bronson's almost magical sliding in and out of frame, and the way Frank radiates more real menace in a lip curl than Hannibal Lecter can in a whole film. The film damns Romanticism, even as its title celebrates it. It dazzlingly inverts clich&eacute;s and, most importantly, realizes that film can and should make use of time, and long shots and scenes. MTV has destroyed much of appreciation of the brilliance that long scenes can hold. This is never truer than the film's start, where three gunman waiting at a train station for someone or something that is coming on the next train. No explanation, no conversation; not a word is said, yet they deal with water drips, flies, and knuckle cracking. Fifteen minutes pass before what they are waiting for arrives, yet it's a visual and aural feast for pure cinemaphiles, on par with 2001's opening scenes of prehistoric humans.<br />  Throughout the film, glares, scowls, and small facial twinges convey emotion far more effectively than most pallid dialogue. And the grandiose scenes of natural beauty are something even David Lean would admire. The four musical themes attached to the main characters are highly effective. There are also many great lines in the film. Two of the best are when Harmonica is told by one of Frank's henchmen, after asking if a horse was brought for him, that it `looks like we're shy one horse.' Harmonica replies, `You brought two too many.' The other is when Frank, after being queried on his methodology, says, `People scare better when they're dyin'.' Touches like this, and even the title, lend credence to the idea that, like his later Once Upon A Time In America, this film is nothing but someone's dream of the West, not the real thing. Yet, both within and without, people must wake up to modern America. Damn!eing queried on his methodology, says, `People scare better when they're dyin'.' Touches like this, and even the title, lend credence to the idea that, like his later Once Upon A Time In America, this film is nothing but someone's dream of the West, not the real thing. Yet, both within and without, people must wake up to modern America. Damn!
0767836324|4.0|I saw Hook for the first time, years after it's release. With its premise, and musical score, it certainly was an emotional atmosphere for a story that still resonates with busy families,and those where one parent or both are absorbed in work. It's a relevant metaphor even though it is a fairy tale. Great, playful and endearing accomplishment by Spielberg and a complimentary cast that clearly had chemistry. The movie was a bit long, and some of the sets/effects clearly were not as sophisticated as those that we may see today. However, this is a great family film, but at 32 years old, and not having kids, did not prevent me from enjoying a bit of \\"enchantment\\" before returning to the \\"real world\\". Well done!
6305307261|5.0|Werner Herzog is an artist out of his time....and that's a very good thing for lovers of great films. His own great 1979 film Nosferatu, Phantom Of The Night (Nosferatu, Phantom Der Nacht), which was released in America as Nosferatu, The Vampire, is less a classic vampire film and more a Post-Apocalyptic tale, having more in common (especially image-wise) with films like On The Beach, The Quiet Earth, the Vincent Price classic The Last Man On Earth (based on Richard Matheson's I Am Legend), and even the first Night Of The Living Dead, than with the Hollywood Dracula mythos, and even its silent filmic predecessor, Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau's 1922 classic Nosferatu, A Symphony of Horrors (Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens), because Herzog is a filmmaker not afraid to turn his camera eye on ugliness, and use that as a way to limn reality better and more clearly in his search for his own `ecstatic truth.' Herzog has always specialized in eye level realism, wherein he generally eschews those glossy gorgeous postcard-like shots that many filmmakers often substitute for depth, and this results in his ability to push his stories forward without relying on obvious techniques, substituting elements that hit at a viewer's instinctual reactions rather than merely the intellectual. This comes from his great screenplays, such as this one, which are usually his own creations; albeit with a little help from the novel he adapted it from, Bram Stoker's Dracula.<br />  This 107 minute film melds the best parts of Murnau's classic film with the Dracula legendry we all know, yet is unlike either, nor any other vampire film ever made. The film is not a remake nor an homage, which it is usually lazily called, but an artistic vampire of a vampire of a vampire film, because, unlike the silent film, the Count is called Dracula, not Orlock, for by the time Herzog made his film Dracula had fallen into public domain. The original film weathered legal litigation for copyright infringement from the Stoker estate, but this film, part of the 1970s wave of New German Cinema (Das Neue Kino)- which were really the troika of Herzog, Wim Wenders, and Rainer Werner Fassbinder, is possibly that loose movement's height; although one might argue Herzog's own earlier masterpiece Aguirre: The Wrath Of God was its pinnacle. It was filmed in the Dutch town of Delft, in English, to satisfy American investors' demands for marketability in the United States, and then dubbed into German, with subtitles for other countries. Several of Herzog's films were done this way, including Aguirre and Fitzcarraldo.... The camera work by Jorg Schmidt-Reitwein is among the best in not only the Herzog canon, but in all of film. It is subdued, subtly shifts color palettes depending upon the mood of the lead characters, makes use of shadows the way the black and white classics of Carl Theodor Dreyer do, and has a colorful monochrome which dissonates the expectations of the viewer, much as the slow motion images of bats in flight- borrowed from a science documentary, do. The fact that the bat sequences are also drenched in a great film score only adds to the moments. Yet, this is Herzog at his best, whether stealing from himself- note the raft load of black coffins going down yet another river, or pioneering hand held shots in an age when they were eschewed, all to further the sense of the real, the vaunted eye level realism that shows the past as it was- dirty, grimy, and filled with generally pathetic souls, just as his earlier The Enigma Of Kaspar Hauser did.<br />  Yet Herzog never is heavyhanded in his use of artistic techniques. Look at the subversive symbolism in a shot of Dracula in the town square, when a ring of streetlamps in the background blur to form a diadem or halo about his pate. This can be interpreted several ways, but the interpretation is not as important as the very boldness such a shot entails. Or note how emotional scenes are never displayed closeup, as in Hollywoodtearjerkers, but from a distance, and usually shot from behind the actors- a technique Herzog manifestly borrowed from Ingmar Bergman. He also allows the viewer to fill in narrative interstices with what is known from the Dracula mythos, thereby focusing on character- not horror, which is immanent in all vampire tales. This allows him to throw in narrative dissonances and unexpected moments, such as Dracula's clock chiming at midnight, or the appearance of a strangely deformed dwarf man to arrest Van Helsing, yet having no legal authority nor knowledge nor power to do so. Both of these moments are absurd, but horrible in the most existential sense. Their absurdity and displacement from conventions foster a feeling of illogic that gnaws at a viewer who cannot grasp why, thus making its unknown provenance another bit of horror.<br />  Also, consider the film's end, where Lucy sacrifices herself in vain, becoming a vampire of the vampire by passively, then actively, soliciting his feeding upon her neck. Only Herzog could make a death-obsessed seductress out of a victim. In all of the films of his, I have never witnessed a single clich&eacute;d nor trite scene, image, nor even moment. This fact lifts Herzog not only into the top rank of filmmakers, but of artists of all time, alongside Shakespeare, Beethoven, Mozart, and Picasso. His great film is one of the finest character studies of a wholly fictive character ever filmed, for it first deconstructs, then reconstructs, then recontextualizes the whole mythos from the fairy tale horror many critics see Dracula as embodying, to a symbol of the worst of humanity- not its evil, but its cowardice and inaction. Only Lucy takes action, but because of her being alone in doing so she is doomed, as might be the whole world that Jonathan Harker rides away to infect. Sadly, I know what Lucy feels. Thanks, Werner.kers, but from a distance, and usually shot from behind the actors- a technique Herzog manifestly borrowed from Ingmar Bergman. He also allows the viewer to fill in narrative interstices with what is known from the Dracula mythos, thereby focusing on character- not horror, which is immanent in all vampire tales. This allows him to throw in narrative dissonances and unexpected moments, such as Dracula's clock chiming at midnight, or the appearance of a strangely deformed dwarf man to arrest Van Helsing, yet having no legal authority nor knowledge nor power to do so. Both of these moments are absurd, but horrible in the most existential sense. Their absurdity and displacement from conventions foster a feeling of illogic that gnaws at a viewer who cannot grasp why, thus making its unknown provenance another bit of horror.    Also, consider the film's end, where Lucy sacrifices herself in vain, becoming a vampire of the vampire by passively, then actively, soliciting his feeding upon her neck. Only Herzog could make a death-obsessed seductress out of a victim. In all of the films of his, I have never witnessed a single clichd nor trite scene, image, nor even moment. This fact lifts Herzog not only into the top rank of filmmakers, but of artists of all time, alongside Shakespeare, Beethoven, Mozart, and Picasso. His great film is one of the finest character studies of a wholly fictive character ever filmed, for it first deconstructs, then reconstructs, then recontextualizes the whole mythos from the fairy tale horror many critics see Dracula as embodying, to a symbol of the worst of humanity- not its evil, but its cowardice and inaction. Only Lucy takes action, but because of her being alone in doing so she is doomed, as might be the whole world that Jonathan Harker rides away to infect. Sadly, I know what Lucy feels. Thanks, Werner.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|My experience with Metallica began in 1991 with the release of the Black Album.  As a lover of all kinds of music, this album appealed to me because it was well-crafted, compelling and had some really strong songwriting.  The fact that it is considered \\"soft\\" compared to their previous work was a non-issue for me since I had never heard \\"Kill 'Em All\\", \\"Ride the Lightning\\", \\"Master of Puppets\\" or \\"...And Justice For All\\" (and still haven't).      I had all but forgotten about Metallica by the time they resurfaced in 1996 with \\"Load\\", but I thought it was a bold, exciting, and worthy follow-up to the Black album.  \\"Reload\\" was still good, but clearly leftovers.  Not being a die-hard Metallica \\"fan\\", I didn't over-analyze these albums; I simply enjoyed them for what they were: strong, solid, heavy, well-produced rock music with enough diversity to keep my attention and interest until the end of both albums.  I appreciated the sheer bulk of music that Metallica had offered to its fans with these two releases and again, didn't over-analyze it.      Then came St. Anger, along with it's companion piece, \\"Some Kind of Monster\\", the Metallica documentary.  Whether I wanted to or not, I began to over-analyze Metallica at this point; it was just too gosh-darn fun NOT to.  Based on my experience with Metallica's music, St. Anger was a step backward.  Granted, for fans of their earlier work, it may have been a GOOD step backward, but for me, I couldn't relate to the long songs, lack of guitar solos, and \\"messy\\" production.  I ended up liking St. Anger, but it's at the bottom of the list as far as my favorite Metallica albums.      \\"Death Magnetic\\" was the first Metallica album that I really looked forward to with any sense of anticipation and excitement.  Again, I'm not a \\"fan\\"; I just like a good chunk of their catalog.  After several listens, I felt compelled to write a review of this album from the perspective (which I know is shared by SOMEONE out there) of someone who couldn't care less about anything Metallica did before the Black Album.      This album is amazing.  The greatest testimony I could give would be to say that I am NOW interested in Metallica's back catalog (everything BEFORE the Black album) for the first time.  I think that this album has managed to capture everything that I loved about Metallica and also everything that I didn't KNOW I loved about Metallica.  The melody; the solos; the fierce, aggressive rhythm guitar of James Hetfield; the sheer capability of Lars Ulrich; the driving bass of Rob Trujillo and the always-complementary guitar work of Kirk Hamett.  I honestly STILL don't notice that the songs are all 7+ minutes long; every single moment of these songs is fun to listen to.      It feels like each song is a journey that, after listening several times, you still can't WAIT to go on again.  I'll be honest, I miss the precision/sound quality of the Bob Rock production (Black, Load, Reload), but I can't argue with the fact that St. Anger proved that Rock couldn't (or wouldn't) take them where they were headed.    A song-by-song review would be fun, but I don't want to rob you of the pleasure of discovering the nuances of this music on your own.  My favorites right now are \\"All Nightmare Long\\", \\"The Day That Never Comes\\", \\"The Unforgiven III\\", and \\"Suicide & Redemption\\".  If you liked/loved the Black album, Load, Reload & saw potential in St. Anger for Metallica's \\"new\\" direction, you will LOVE this album.  Again, I think I'm going to the store today to pick up all of their older stuff SOLELY based on this record.  St. Anger did NOT make me want to do that.
B00005JNBQ|3.0|Jared Hess's cult classic from 2004, Napoleon Dynamite, immediately drew me back to such films as Rushmore, Election, and Welcome To The Dollhouse- films that deal with high school life in comic ways. Yet, of those films, Napoleon Dynamite is probably the most off the wall. The film is set in director Hess's hometown of Preston, Idaho, in the southeastern corner of the state, not far from the Great Salt Lake. It is not a parody, but an absurdist tale, as none of the characters are in the least bit realistic. Napoleon Dynamite is the lead character's name (and yes, it sounds like the name of a loser from a bad punk rock band), and he is played by newcomer Jon Heder- a tall, red afro'd, four-eyed geek who is a not too good liar. He lives with his grandmother (Sandy Martin) and websurfing, geeky older brother Kipling (Aaron Ruell), until grandma wipes out in an ATV accident on sand dunes. Then, their uncle Rico (Jon Gries) comes to live with the boys. Rico is a bad Tupperware salesman who lives out of his aging van, and still wishes it was 1982, when he was a backup high school quarterback. He feels his coach's decision not to put him into the game denied him a shot at the NFL. Napoleon's school life is not much better. He's bullied by kids his age and younger, and makes only two friends- a Mexican kid named Pedro Sanchez (Efren Ramirez), who's as passionless as his name is generic, but who has a sweet bicycle, can work up the courage to talk to girls, and has an real mustache, and a cute, but weird brunet girl named Deb (Tina Majorino), who attempts to run her own door-to-door Glamour Shots business.... The film is well written by Hess and his wife Jerusha, and there is a making of featurette not for the film, but the addendum wedding after the credits. This seems wholly in keeping with the film. There is also a commentary with Hess and Heder, but little of note is said, save for the fact that we learn Heder is married in real life, and Majorino (Deb) is a hip hop dance instructor. The film, however, tells much more than other films with seemingly similar subjects because it does not try. What it shows, though, is really, really funny.ce instructor. The film, however, tells much more than other films with seemingly similar subjects because it does not try. What it shows, though, is really, really funny.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|With these guys getting older and the last horrible album my expectations were low but went right out the door with the first track and it's a pretty damn good album all the way through. I understand the production issues but christ it's not a big enough deal to ruin the whole GOOD metal album. That aside it's a solid 4 out of 5 star album with the only bad track being Unforgiven 3 which doesn't fit in well with the rest of the album.
B000CNESU8|4.0|Film director Sidney Lumet is, with the possible exception of Robert Wise, the most underrated director in Hollywood history. When one looks at the list of great films in Lumet's career: 12 Angry Men, Long Day's Journey Into Night, Fail-Safe, Serpico, Murder On The Orient Express, Dog Day Afternoon, and a handful of others, one marvels, not only at what he accomplished, but that he's spent a quarter-century having churned out nothing but mediocrity since 1982's The Verdict. Yet, of all the films in his canon, perhaps the best, and certainly the most complex, was 1976's Network- the greatest black comedy this side of Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove, Or: How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love the Bomb. It was to corporate America what Strangelove was to the military industrial complex.<br />  Written by the nonpareil Paddy Chayefsky, Network is not only a prescient film, but still a cogent one, as remarkable as that claim seems. Whereas many films from the years in between its release and now have dated badly, the same cannot be said of Network. Like other visionary films, from Metropolis to The Trial, Network not only crafted a world unto itself, but a world that, in large part, has seen its day realize. Yes, there are no PC's on the desks of the network stooges, but other than that, the depiction of corporate America's deadly vapidity, its whoring of life and death and war and suffering into mere commodities, has all come true. Reality tv has shown that the only thing that Chayefsky's and Lumet's film has not yet seen come true is the assassination on live television that closes the film. This oddly vatic quality raises the question of whether the film can even rightly be called a satire. Perhaps a prophecy is closer to the mark, especially in how the fictive fourth network, UBS (Union Broadcasting Systems), so closely resembles the real current fourth network, then a decade from its creation, FOX.<br />  The tale is one that seems not so outlandish any longer- Howard Beale (Peter Finch), widowed, depressed, and alcoholic network news anchorman for the UBS Evening News, has learnt that he will be fired due to low ratings. Beale's producer and friend, Max Schumacher (William Holden) informs him of this, and this seems to be the final straw for Beale, who glibly announces his impending retirement, and that he will also suicide on next week's show. Few techs in the studio are even paying attention until one of them who was freaks out. Network bigwigs freak out, yet there is never a sense of real overacting- save, perhaps for Finch's role. This is why the film is so devastating, for Chayefsky and Lumet were intimately involved with network politics from the earliest days of television, and drew from their decades of experience to couch craziness in acceptability.... If Network is not a great film it is certainly, as Lumet mantras in his commentary, a prescient one. It is also proof that, despite what naysayers and masturbatory French cineastes might think, film is a writer's medium, first and foremost, not a visual one, for Network shows that greatness is possible sans special effects and virtually no music- the film is void of a formal score. This lack, however, only heightens the realistic acidity of Chayefsky's brilliant and funny words, which transcend satire and enter reportage, at times. Just watch the scene where Schumacher finally leaves Christensen, and ask yourself how much more powerful is that scene without a swelling musical crescendo, not to mention Chayefsky's having Holden narrate his own exit, stage right? Go ahead, try to name me a film that reaches greatness in the other direction- with just special effects and music, and no screenplay of merit. Lo!<br />  I recommend especially anyone under the age of thirty-five to watch this film, and they will see just how predictable the current lowest common denominator state of affairs, domestically and abroad, in the media and in day to day affairs, was, even decadesin coming. This is because the core of a society's problems never lie with its leaders nor its media, but with its citizens. This has played out not only internationally, with the rise of terrorism, but domestically, with the mute acceptance of corruption and civil rights infringements by the scared masses, as well as a refusal by the general electorate to refuse to vote for crooks and bums for elective office. Thus, the fictive raving idiots that shouted their madness, along with Howard Beale, back then are now railing in reality, on cable tv and in the blogosphere, now. And still no one is worried, and there's no Chayefsky around to skewer the idiocy. Network exemplified what made the 1970s the last great era in American film- great writing, acting, and a deeper sense of what the art could do. Let's hope that last era is not the final one, as well.his is because the core of a society's problems never lie with its leaders nor its media, but with its citizens. This has played out not only internationally, with the rise of terrorism, but domestically, with the mute acceptance of corruption and civil rights infringements by the scared masses, as well as a refusal by the general electorate to refuse to vote for crooks and bums for elective office. Thus, the fictive raving idiots that shouted their madness, along with Howard Beale, back then are now railing in reality, on cable tv and in the blogosphere, now. And still no one is worried, and there's no Chayefsky around to skewer the idiocy. Network exemplified what made the 1970s the last great era in American film- great writing, acting, and a deeper sense of what the art could do. Let's hope that last era is not the final one, as well.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I just love this workout dvd . If you want an intense  quality workout that works everywhere and in just 20 minutes .This is it !  I have lost 8 pounds using this plus a 30 minute walk/jog and  watching what I eat . I have not made it to  level 3 yet so I have not lost as much as it says you can , but this workout will make a difference in how you feel  and get you in shape after about a week . Definatley worth it.
B0000YEEHG|4.0|Persona, Ingmar Bergman's 1966 black and white film, reminds me of Herman Hesse's novella Siddhartha. Not in the subject matter, but in that both works of art perfectly marry their messages with their forms, and both say so much with so little a narrative spine. In that sense, both are great works of art that transcend any of the discomfit their often dubious artistic and social claims make. Persona has only four main actors, two of which dominate the film, and only one of which speaks. That would be a 25 year old nurse, sister Alma (Bibi Andersson), who is hired to take care of a famous stage actress who has had a nervous breakdown and refuses to speak. This is Elisabet Vogler (Liv Ullman). The other two actors who appear and speak are Mr. Vogler (Gunnar Bj&ouml;rnstrand), who makes a brief hallucinatory appearance late in the film, and the doctor of the asylum where Elisabet is housed and where Alma works (Margaretha Krook).... The title, also, given that Elisabet is an actress, has been endlessly argued over, even though it's perhaps the most manifest part of the film. In his defense, I think Bergman realized that he could not make too long a film out of this material, lest be charged with filmic narcissism, so wisely it only clocks in at about an hour and twenty minutes, for there are loads of people willing to overpraise this film for Bergman, without relying on himself to do so. That said, Bergman does give a little bit of narration, to most manifestly inject himself into the proceedings, as he does in shots where Elisabet is his surrogate, physically guiding Alma in her scenes with Mr. Vogler.<br />  Bergman takes the usual smug swipes at artists- that they are selfish, lazy, narcissistic, etc., but these are rather hollow moments, as true as they may often be. So are those moments involving pain, ecstasy, truth, ego and superego, and their critique. The real core of the film comes from the most artificial of the artifices. That Bergman acknowledges that art is all artifice (they come from the same Latin root, as I've long championed) it can never be reality nor truth, therefore, what the film really declaims is that all human pretensions to the nobility of art and truth and suffering are just that, pretensions. That so few people and critics have not realized that Bergman is not attacking the `deep' questions of existence, in this film, but affirming the immediacy of the shallow, is part of the film's brilliance. And this is true, whether or not Bergman claims it so, because the intent of the artist is meaningless. Once the art is completed, he or she has no more claim over it than any other interested percipient of it.<br /> That all said, the film is a technical tour de force due to the stellar camera work of cinematographer Sven Nykvist. The composition and lighting of every scene is breathtaking, heightened by the black and white (mixed with multiple grays), which is the true coin of the dream state, which this film fully exploits. Also, other than Alma's speaking, much of the rest of the film works as a de facto silent film, recalling to me the great Carl Theodor Dreyer film Vampyr, or Roman Polanski's Repulsion, which came out a year earlier. Both films are superior to Persona, for both have better tales, and are less self-conscious. Repulsion was set in a real world setting, and took off from there, while Persona is all artifice, with experimentation at its core. But that fact does not deny Persona its own form of greatness. There are numerous scenes which blatantly and slyly reference vampires, and Persona seems to have lifted much of its imagery and symbolism from Polanski's film, and Bergman's own earlier The Silence. Persona is indeed a horror film, in the sense that all horror is based internally, not in monsters manifested externally.<br />  Many critics refer to this film as deconstructive or Postmodern, but they are again missing the point. Those terms are merely inward terms, gawking at the art. That isonly the veneer of this film, the toolkit used, as it gazes outward at the viewer. The film, however, is a small film, in every sense of the term, which holds up a mirror to the viewer, not the art it is. In that sense, it is anti-deconstructive, for the art is what it is, and the viewer is the subject matter under examination. The acting by Andersson and Ullman is consummately fine, especially with Ullman's realistic and hyper-realistic acting without words. Only four decades into the talky era, she has utterly shed all of the artifices silent films' acting required, and the acting and visual virtuosity of the film are more than enough to cancel out the hollow psychology, and dated artsy clich&eacute;s.<br />  Persona is self-conscious, narcissistic, and not too psychologically deep, for there is no real reason offered for Alma's identification with Elisabet, nor her breakdown, but it is the ultimate style over substance film, and as such attains its true greatness, despite the visual sleight of hand that leads many to be sucked into its hollow posturing as some source of great depth. But, more so, it's a grandly entertaining film, more than it is a deep one, giving the psychologically nave much to talk about as Bergman deceives the viewer into deep thought over the shallow. As such, it was most deserving of its Oscar for Best Foreign Film in the year of its release, but I urge every viewer to ignore any reviews of the film beforehand, even this one, for a naked approach to it is the only way to fully plumb its essence. Good luck.of this film, the toolkit used, as it gazes outward at the viewer. The film, however, is a small film, in every sense of the term, which holds up a mirror to the viewer, not the art it is. In that sense, it is anti-deconstructive, for the art is what it is, and the viewer is the subject matter under examination. The acting by Andersson and Ullman is consummately fine, especially with Ullman's realistic and hyper-realistic acting without words. Only four decades into the talky era, she has utterly shed all of the artifices silent films' acting required, and the acting and visual virtuosity of the film are more than enough to cancel out the hollow psychology, and dated artsy clichs.    Persona is self-conscious, narcissistic, and not too psychologically deep, for there is no real reason offered for Alma's identification with Elisabet, nor her breakdown, but it is the ultimate style over substance film, and as such attains its true greatness, despite the visual sleight of hand that leads many to be sucked into its hollow posturing as some source of great depth. But, more so, it's a grandly entertaining film, more than it is a deep one, giving the psychologically nave much to talk about as Bergman deceives the viewer into deep thought over the shallow. As such, it was most deserving of its Oscar for Best Foreign Film in the year of its release, but I urge every viewer to ignore any reviews of the film beforehand, even this one, for a naked approach to it is the only way to fully plumb its essence. Good luck.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|BBC always produce high quality period drama. In my opinion, the North & South is one of the best i have ever seem. I loved 1995's Pride and Prejudice, unfortunately, it has to yield to a second place now. The expressions of those actors and actress, especially Mr. Thornton's character, were very detailed and convincing.
B0002IQEHI|3.0|The addition of pretense can be a killer in a film. It is precisely the lack of such a quality that makes Alfred Hitchcock's two and a quarter hour long 1959 color thriller North By Northwest a better and more enjoyable film than his preceding film, Vertigo, even if the film comes nowhere near the excellence of his following film, Psycho. Whereas the two films that end in -o attempt to impose a deeper psychology into their screenplays, North By Northwest is a popcorn eaters gala pre-James Bondian Cold War thriller. It's no wonder the film was a popular smash while Vertigo was a financial flop.<br />  On a strictly logical level, little of the film makes much sense, but it's Hitchcock, after all. As example, what is contained on the microfilm that is the film's MacGuffin- inside the statuette, is meaningless and beside the point- which is action and thrills. That there is no logical reason for Cary Grant's character, Roger Thornhill- another Hitchcockian wrongly accused man, a Madison Avenue advertising executive, to be mistaken for the non-existent spy George Kaplan, is another problem. Yet, even though it is done in a rather unconvincing fashion- Thornhill summons a hotel attendant who is paging Kaplan, and the chase is on- few people will debate cause and effect in a film like this. The dopey bad guys see this brief moment and assume everything- a perfect example of the dumbest possible action propelling the plot, which is usually an artistic killer. However, on the plus side, this is one of Cary Grant's best and Cary Grantiest roles. He is charming, delightful, suave, and the fact that he never seems to get a hair out of place in assorted acts of derring-do, even when chased and dusted by that crop duster, in one of the film's most famed scenes, is not a problem, unless one just cannot let the formula silliness wash over them.<br />  On the negative side is the performance of Eva Marie Saint, as Eve Kendall- the lover/counterspy of James Mason's Soviet mole character, Phillip Vandamm. Saint is stiff and wooden, and even less convincing as a romantic lead than many of the other icy blonds that inhabit the Hitchcock universe. Yes, she's beautiful; second perhaps only to Grace Kelly in the Hitchcockian blond goddess pantheon, but she has absolutely no chemistry with Grant.... Technically, the film holds up much better than many of Hitchcock's other efforts, for the process screens are not always readily detectable, as they are in other of his films- save for the scene where Thornhill does not drive his car off a cliff that the bad guys want him to, and the sets constructed for some of the big chase scenes- especially the Mount Rushmore set, are fabulous, even by modern standards. While the cinematography by Robert Burks is solid, there are no eyepopping moments, and the score by Bernard Herrmann is one of his least memorable, especially considering what was just around the corner in Psycho.<br />  North By Northwest, whose title is both manifest- given the film's final setting, and obscure and of unknown provenance- although oddly linked to a supposed quote from William Shakespeare's Hamlet, is not a great film, but it is a terrific movie, and because it is such utter and unrepentant fluff it holds up much better than many other 1950s vintage films, including many of Hitchcock's own overrated `masterpieces', such as Rear Window and Vertigo. Yes, if you are the type who must go over everything with even a coarse toothcomb, the film simply will not work, but if you trust that the fun will leave your mind as unmussed as Cary Grant's coiffure, then watch it. After all, the perfect hair of Cary Grant is never something to be diminished.hillip Vandamm. Saint is stiff and wooden, and even less convincing as a romantic lead than many of the other icy blonds that inhabit the Hitchcock universe. Yes, she's beautiful; second perhaps only to Grace Kelly in the Hitchcockian blond goddess pantheon, but she has absolutely no chemistry with Grant.... Technically, the film holds up much better than many of Hitchcock's other efforts, for the process screens are not always readily detectable, as they are in other of his films- save for the scene where Thornhill does not drive his car off a cliff that the bad guys want him to, and the sets constructed for some of the big chase scenes- especially the Mount Rushmore set, are fabulous, even by modern standards. While the cinematography by Robert Burks is solid, there are no eyepopping moments, and the score by Bernard Herrmann is one of his least memorable, especially considering what was just around the corner in Psycho.    North By Northwest, whose title is both manifest- given the film's final setting, and obscure and of unknown provenance- although oddly linked to a supposed quote from William Shakespeare's Hamlet, is not a great film, but it is a terrific movie, and because it is such utter and unrepentant fluff it holds up much better than many other 1950s vintage films, including many of Hitchcock's own overrated `masterpieces', such as Rear Window and Vertigo. Yes, if you are the type who must go over everything with even a coarse toothcomb, the film simply will not work, but if you trust that the fun will leave your mind as unmussed as Cary Grant's coiffure, then watch it. After all, the perfect hair of Cary Grant is never something to be diminished.
B001DRF84W|1.0|I have watched this movie several times, each in an attempt to understand the story. But each attempt at deciphering the story has been foiled by Ang Lee and his amazing ability to create the most confusing superhero movie ever.   If you want to see Hulk smash up some stuff, buy this movie.    If you want to see Hulk really smash up some stuff and actually have a good time watching the movie, buy The Incredible Hulk starring Edward Norton. Do not waste your time and money on this movie.
031606792X|5.0|I was very satisfied by this book's ending--so much happened in this one book & all the threads were neatly tied up.  (spoiler) I wasn't at all sure there would be a happy ending, so I was pleased there was.  I consider myself a feminist & even so, I didn't have problems with the books as a lot of feminists seemed to.  I had some issues--seemed unrealistic that Carlisle left so close to Bella's due date--why would Alice not forsee that?  Things are tied up perhaps too neatly--I would have respected Jacob more if he had the strength to get over Bella without the prop of imprinting & if he defended her because he felt duty-bound rather than the force of imprinting.  And I would have preferred Bella to be more blood-thirsty as a newborn to make it more believable...  But all in all, it was a satisfying ending & the only thread I see that isn't completely resolved is the Volturi--they are corrupt and still a threat to peaceful vampires...    Have read quite a few series where the final book is a disappointment, but can happily say that here it was not the case for me.
0061537934|5.0|I PICKED UP THIS BOOK AT A LOCAL STARBUCKS. I SIMPLY WAS JUST INTERESTED IN READING A BOOK FROM A DOGS POINT OF VIEW. ALL I CAN SAY IS WOW! I CRIED AT THE BIGINING, MIDDLE AND END.  I HAVE SINCE PASSED ON THE BOOK TO ANOTHER DOG LOVER WHO HAS A HARD TIME PUTTING IT DOWN HERSELF.
B000001GQP|4.0|This is not about the recording but more about Amazon.  I just recently bought this item and I have to say that the sample recordings featured on this page is NOT the same recording on the CD.  I can't find a way to contact Amazon, but I thought I'd let everyone know.
0446607274|4.0|Howard Elias is part of the Los Angeles upper crust. As a very high profile African-American attorney and racial activist, his lucrative practice consists in large part of suing the LAPD for real, perceived or imagined civil rights infractions against the black community in LA. When he is murdered in a particularly vindictive fashion on the very eve of an important trial against four white officers, the administration of the LAPD recognizes that it has no choice but to investigate its own members and let the chips fall where they may. The case is assigned to Harry Bosch and his Hollywood homicide squad, rookie black female officer, Kiz Rider and a senior detective, Jerry Edgar, also a black officer in good standing. The political considerations behind the choice of this team to investigate the case are obvious. Bosch, Rider and Edgar, probably more through good luck than good management, have never been sued by Elias. That the squad has two black members obviously makes the choice even more politically palatable.<br /><br />Michael Connelly has stepped up to the plate once again and treated us to an exciting police procedural that will thrill Harry Bosch fans to their very toes. Los Angeles is graphically portrayed as a tinder box ready to explode into a reprise of the Watts riots that took place in the aftermath of the Rodney King trial. As we've come to expect, Bosch continues to be a come-what-may investigator whose only pursuit is the truth. As Bosch's former partner, Frank Sheehan, comes under suspicion for the murder, Bosch's friendship, his loyalty and the steadfastness of his principles are tested to their limits.<br /><br />This might not be the best novel that Connelly ever wrote. But I still haven't encountered the entry in the growing Harry Bosch canon that doesn't keep me flipping pages at a torrid pace. Internal departmental politics and race take centre stage in \\"Angel's Flight\\" as Bosch butts heads with the senior levels of the department, the FBI, Internal Affairs and even his own partners. Readers who have followed Bosch from the very start will also be interested in the side plot about his new wife, former FBI agent, Eleanor Wish.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />Paul Weissand even his own partners. Readers who have followed Bosch from the very start will also be interested in the side plot about his new wife, former FBI agent, Eleanor Wish.    Highly recommended.    Paul Weiss
B000UD08HW|5.0|As an old Floyd fan (saw the Meddle tour in '71 at Carnagie Hall)I got this on a whim to demo my BluRay player and was bowled over. It is the most breathtaking video of a concert I've ever seen. Not only are the Pink Floyd classics worth the price of the disk by themselves, but some of the solo performances by David truly demonstrate his genius.    Put the kids to bed, turn out the lights, crank up the 5.1 sound and be transported to another place and time - no chemical enhancement required.
B000T9OP7G|5.0|The series is excellent.  The dvd set is even better.  Some very nice extras and the ability to watch all episodes back to back without any interruptions.  A true must have for any fan, especially at the price.
B0002TJGQS|1.0|Shipping charge is horrible.  I wanted 20 batteries (4 5-packs). You don't find out until check out.  Buy elsewhere.
B0007TKNII|5.0|I have never been to the play version of Phantom of the Opera, so I am not too sure how this compares. I truly love this version. Gerard Butler and Emmy Rossum are amazing. It is a very seductive film, and definitely worth the purchase.
B0006SSOHM|4.0|This is where the games began, and started an entire franchise of Saw films. Before there was Hoffman, Strahm, Jill, and Erickson, it was just Jigsaw testing Adam and Dr. Lawrence Gordon in an old dirty and filthy bathroom with a dead body in the middle. They hear a tape by Jigsaw that tells Dr. Gordon to kill Adam by 6:00 a.m., or his wife and daughter will die. Zep has his family hostage and Detecive David Tapp still thinks that Dr. Gordon is linked to the Jigsaw murders. Throughout the time in the room, we see flashbacks of Jigsaw's other games, and why Adam and Gordon are in the room. If you love horror, and twists, you'll love SAW!!!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|DVD's came in perfect condition within the normal shipping time. I'd definitely recommend this product and seller!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|to all those people that keep saying and comparing this to master of puppets,etc...,STOP!!!i have been a huge fan of metallica since day one,and let me tell you,this by far is one of their best releases yet!!!old metallica is back!!!if you call yourself a fan,then stop comparing,and take it for what it is,and that is ONE OF THEIR BEST!!!
B00004RFFS|5.0|\\"Interview With A Vampire\\" makes \\"Bram Stoker's Dracula\\" look like a joke.  This is how a vampire movie should be done.  This film puts you into the mystical world of vampires, you feel like your living in it.  The acting is fantastic all across the board.  The sets and the costumes are beautiful as well.  Even \\"Queen of the Damned\\" couldn't repeat the same type of magic of \\"Interview With A Vampire\\".  This is a special film and has stood the test of time.
B000FIMG68|5.0|I just love this show.  I already had season one and I received seasons 2 and three for my birthday and boy what a birthday present!!!!!!!!!  When you watch the shows over again you see what you missed when the show aired for the first time and it helps you understand more about the show.
0800177177|2.0|This movie won 3 academy awards? wow.  This film was a campy take on the serious subject of vampires. Winona Ryder and Keeanu Reeves and those accents!  It made me uncomfortable, because I was so focused on every other word sounding british, then english, then a little country twang, it was maddening.  I like Winona Ryder, but why didn't they just hire a real british actress?  Keanu Reeves turned parts of this movie into a borderline b-movie.  There was a line about \\"smoke!\\" and hearing Keanu try to say \\"smoke\\" with a british accent was hilarious, my jaw dropped.  The writing was discombobulated and confusing, one scene jumped to another, there was no lineage or flow to the story.  I was surprised that so many good actors were invovled with this film, but I don't think they had anything good to work with.  I was also shocked Francis Ford Coppola directed this.  Really?  Before I knew it was him directing, I was saying to myself at the begining of the film, wow this seems like an amatuer director.  Some of the shots looked bizarre, I questioned some of the angles used.  The sets looks fake.  You could just tell they were on a sound stage and that cancels out the whole smoke and mirrors magic of moviemaking. There were some cool visuals here and there but not enough to impact me in any way. After seeing movies like \\"Van Helsing\\" and \\"Interview With A Vampire\\", \\"Dracula\\" fails to even come close.  It's only excuse, it was released in the 90's and it shows.  This movie broke the 3 strikes rule for me, bad acting, bad writing, bad directing.
B00070Q7VO|5.0|I had the CD and loved it. Found it here and sent it on to my old love.
1559211407|3.0|Given the amazing reputation this book has had for over thirty years I wanted to like it so much more than I did. Helene Hanff, a television screenwriter living in Manhattan after World War II, collected a series of letters she wrote to the workers at Marks & Co., a bookstore along London's famous Charing Cross Road, over the course of two decades, from her initial requests for certain books she had trouble acquiring in the United States through her later lasting friendship with the Marks & Co. staff. The book has often been advertised as being all about a common love of books, yet that's really not what comes through in the letters: the bond Hanff forged with the booksellers had much more to do with her over-the-top personality, which fortunately they found quite charming. While their letters to her are very restrained and respectful, hers are pretty zany, filled with all kinds of strange punctuations and with forceful declarations: of enthusiasm when her book orders live up to her expectations, and of mock outrage when they are not. As the letters make clear, she is also extraordinarily generous to the booksellers especially during the lean years in Britain between the War and the Coronation, and sends them all kinds of commodities and foodstuffs which were very hard to acquire during that time (like eggs, bacon, and nylons).     If this were an epistolary novel it might be a bit hard to take the incredible zestiness of Hanff's wild enthusiasms, and even the poignancy added by knowing it is all true only curbs your exhaustion a bit at her gigantic personality. (You even wonder at times whether the Marks & Co. are as delighted by her so much as they're just cowed by her.) It's a sweet little book, but you do feel as if Hanff were trying to clobber you -- and the booksellers -- over the head with her forceful charm.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|I read the reviews, bought the movie and the soundtrack, and was so pleased that it was all true! There is no one I know who doesn't love this music. GET IT!!!
B000002LAC|5.0|The voices of these three singing stars blend together in unbelievable harmony. Each is a superstar in her own genre, but together they are unbeatable. I not only recommend this album highly, I buy it for my friends.
6300184080|5.0|Mask is a wonderful movie. It really makes you think about things and gives you a real soft spot in your heart.
0385338600|1.0|I never recieved the product, and when I wrote to complain they said that basically, it cost them more to ship it than they actually made, so they aren't going to do anything about it.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I'm a longtime Metallica fan who thought the band peaked with Master of Puppets and ...And Justice For All, back-to-back brilliance few bands can match. The Black Album was fine despite being accessible, but it was all downhill from there. Load, Reload, St. Anger? No thanks. My interest in the band had all but disappeared in recent years.    So when it came to talk that the band was rolling back to thrash, I was dubious.    I was wrong.    From the first few minutes of Death Magnetic one thing is pretty clear: This is METALLICA they way they used to be Metallica. Blistering riffs, crunching chords, slamming drums, barked vocals. Right off the bat, just damaging Metallica thrash metal. Wow. Color me surprised!    And amazingly enough, they manage to sustain it for pretty much the whole album. There are missteps, sure (I'm not a fan of The Unforgiven 3), but with tracks like That Was Just Your Life and The End of the Line and All Nightmare Long it's pretty easy to forgive slightly weaker tracks. This album comes out of the gate hard and pretty much stays that way.    Death Magnetic sounds like a lost album recorded between ...And Justice For All and The Black Album. No kidding.    If you're a longtime Metallica fan, go into this with an open mind. If you can set aside the knee-jerk hate and backlash that has developed around them in recent years, you'll find a lot to like about Death Magnetic.    Metallica is back.
031606792X|1.0|I'm sorry to put it bluntly but I hated Breaking Dawn in fact, I didn't like any of the Twilight books. Good, there, it's out there. You can hate me all you want. I honestly don't understand what teen age girls love so much about these books! They're boring, long, rapacious, shallow, two dimensional, soul sucking, unpractical, stupid (alright, now I'm running out of good adjectives) and barely readable. I think the last was probably the worst. 700 pages of almost nothing and when we finally reach the supposed ending (scream \\"YES! IT'S FINALLY OVER! I CAN BE DONE AND MOVE ON!\\" all the way) we reach a hundred pages of talking before, in the last twenty pages, the bad guys decide \\"oh, I guess we won't kill you. Sorry for the trouble,\\" and leave. I wasted four days of my life so (I don't care how much you think you love the Twilight series) please don't read the last book or at least don't buy it, save yourself the money.
0142000671|4.0|John Steinbeck's powerful Depression-era novel weaves together timeless themes of work, kindness, cruelty, loneliness and longing. George Milton and Lennie Small are poor migrant workers in California during the Great Depression. George is intelligent and looks after Lennie, a mentally-challenged man of brute size and strength, but whose lack of sense causes trouble.  Sharing a bare cabin with other migrant workers, George and Lennie have little more than their dreams of owning a rabbit farm - an unlikely goal for migrants. Their companions include an aging ranch hand (Candy) minus a hand from a work accident, and a black man (Crooks) with a bad back forced to sleep alone and seek solace in books. All try to avoid trouble, particularly from the boss's hot-headed son Curly and his flirtatious young wife.  Steinbeck uses foreshadowing to lead to the inevitable (if slightly contrived) ending, when Lennie becomes violent and George administers final justice.  The result is a powerful Greek-style tragedy.       John Steinbeck (1902-1968) wrote from his hobo experiences, and claimed that Lennie was based on a real-life migrant he once worked with. Published in 1937, OF MICE AND MEN was quickly performed on stage and in the movies.  Not suprisingly, this story has faced censorship for its raw language, treatment of mental retardation, sex and violence, etc.
B000093BDX|5.0|\\"The thirty splendid tracks on 'Sounds of Summer - The Very Best of the Beach Boys' vividly dramatize that legendary band's ability to evoke a vision of California as shimmering, rich and all-encompassing as the state itself...The Beach Boys had not simply defined their own sound, but they themselves had become one of the most significant musical forces on the scene.\\" ~ Anthony DeCurtis ~<br /><br />How could this collection be the very best of the Beach Boys without my all-time favorite \\"The Warmth of the Sun?\\" I was going to give it a four-star-rating due to the exclusion of that beautiful song, but on second thought -- with a set of thirty of their hit songs that are included in this collection, I believe it is arguably a five-star-material.<br /><br />In my teen-aged years, I have loved the delightful and fun music of the Beach Boys. I was very impressed how their voices blended flawlessly into choir-like harmonies. With their combined talents and creativity, they composed and arranged their own songs. I never fail to listen to this compilation CD every once in a while whenever I want to turn back the hands of time and reminisce cherished memories of summers gone by. And this is also one of the CDs I listen to when I'm running on the treadmill as it is the perfect music that is so full of high spirit and energy.<br /><br />I have seen one of the live concerts of the Beach Boys back in the Nineties. To me, it was one of the most exciting moments in my entire musical journey to have watched this outstanding group perform live before the eyes and ears of admiring and enthusiastic concert-goers.<br /><br />This CD is not only meant to be listened to during summertime, but for all seasons through all the years. All the thirty tracks are fun to listen to, but my top twelve choices include the following.<br /><br />1. Surfin' USA<br />2. California Girls<br />3. God Only Knows<br />4. Don't Worry Baby<br />5. Wouldn't It Be Nice<br />6. Do You Wanna Dance<br />7. Little Deuce Coupe<br />8. I Can Hear Music<br />9. Fun, Fun, Fun<br />10. In My Room<br />11. Surfer Girl<br />12. Kokomo<br /><br />We're on the last leg of summer and in a few days, we'd all be saying...Goodbye Summer of 2008. \\"Wouldn't It Be Nice\\" to turn back the hands of time and listen once again to Brian Wilson, Carl Wilson, Dennis Wilson, Mike Love, Al Jardine, Bruce Johnson and David Marks collectively known as the famous Beach Boys? Relive the luscious sounds of the Sixties and enjoy the splendid sounds of summer with this highly recommended CD. A delightful listen.<br /><br />\\"That beautiful season, the Summer!<br />Filled was the air with a dreamy and magical light<br />and the landscape lay as if new created<br />In all the freshness of childhood.\\" ~ Henry Wadsworth Longfellow ~0. In My Room  11. Surfer Girl  12. Kokomo    We're on the last leg of summer and in a few days, we'd all be saying...Goodbye Summer of 2008. \\"Wouldn't It Be Nice\\" to turn back the hands of time and listen once again to Brian Wilson, Carl Wilson, Dennis Wilson, Mike Love, Al Jardine, Bruce Johnson and David Marks collectively known as the famous Beach Boys? Relive the luscious sounds of the Sixties and enjoy the splendid sounds of summer with this highly recommended CD. A delightful listen.    \\"That beautiful season, the Summer!   Filled was the air with a dreamy and magical light   and the landscape lay as if new created   In all the freshness of childhood.\\" ~ Henry Wadsworth Longfellow ~
B0009VRHLK|1.0|There is definitely difference between art and high art.  This is an attempt to present art, although not a very good one.  The notion of telling a story about how remorse, guilt and grief shapes us in what we are is surely noble.  But inserting graphic oral sex scenes to get to the point is totally unnecessary.  This film would have been much better if it was presents in series of flashbacks or a third party narrator such as a close friend or a family member.  But watching uncomprehensible actions of one guy during his cross-country drive thru the US to get to the final disclosure of what this story is all about during the final scenes, makes this movie boring.  If you really want to see what the emptiness of a human sould is all about after a great loss, then you should skip this movie and see \\"Paris, Texas\\" or \\"Irreversible\\" instead.
0321544080|4.0|Now just how did Joe McNally get to the top?    Take a look and see :)    For not being a how-to book, I've been getting a lot of info about lighting. I like that.    Great stories also.    Grab it if you are interested in various light conditions and solutions.    Worth the price for me.
1433210428|5.0|Dr. Frankl was already a psychiatrist at the time that he was a prisoner in Auschwitz, and some other camps, during WWII. It's the most interesting description of concentration life I've heard that I found bearable to listen to. He's very good at describing how being in a concentration camp affected the minds of the prisoners and also the guards and others who were in charge. The prisoners were all different psychologically. Some of them were destroyed mentally by the prison life. I common trait was becoming absorbed in the past to escape the unbearable present. Of course, I've seen this happen in everyday life with people who were not in concentration camps, which I think the main value of this book.  His discription of psychology under these horrible conditions, one can recognize in the psychology of men one meets and knows in everyday life. He describes, too, how people acted when they were released, which was for many as difficult or even more so than adjusting to life in the camp. People often seemed indifferent to what the prisoner had just gone through, which affected different released prisoners in different ways. The strong men, like Dr. Frankl, used the concentration camp experience to grow spiritually and psychologically, but those kinds of men are few and far between.<br /><br />After the War, Dr. Frankl became a practicing psychiatrist, and developed something he calls logotherapy. It's based on his idea that he developed while in the camps that man is searching for meaning in life above everything else. The men who could find some meaning in their concentration camp experience survived the best.<br /><br />This book is especially wonderful if you are really interested in psychology and how people react under the most sever of circumstances, which, according to Dr. Frankil, is ever which way.
0307276902|4.0|This is a good book. Interesting, compelling, had me hooked. Definitely one to read if you are interested in drug addiction, rehab, and the mind set of people like this. Rough language and swearing so not for teenagers.
B000B8QG22|4.0|When `Good Morning Vietnam' allows itself to be nothing more than entertainment it passes with flying colors.  It's the type of movie that really doesn't need too much of a plot.  When the film tries to add some substance to its running time is when it starts to fray at the edges.<br /><br />`Good Morning Vietnam' tells the somewhat true story (as in the film is not entirely faithful to actual events) of Adrian Cronauer, a radio DJ who spiced things up during the Vietnam War.  During his stationing in Vietnam he raised the morale of the troupes but also managed to press the buttons of some of the higher officials who saw his approach to broadcast as a slap in the face so-to-speak.  Their resistance didn't stop Cronauer from expressing his viewpoints and bucking the system, reading news he felt the troupes needed to hear, telling jokes he felt would raise their spirits and playing music he knew they would enjoy.<br /><br />When the film is focused on that aspect of Cronauer's stay it soars.  Robin Williams is hilarious, we all know this, and the film really allows him to just perform his standup routine to us all to enjoy; and enjoy we do.  Williams also manages to delve into the moments that startle and unravel Adrian, piecing together a complete man and not just a walking punch-line.<br /><br />But then, sadly, the film tries to add weight, and that weight comes in the form of Tuan, a young Vietnamese boy who befriends Adrian.  For the majority of the film he seems harmless enough; just an acquaintance to add some humanity to Williams' character, but in the third act new revelations are revealed and his character changes, and this spurs the film in an entirely different direction that, in my humble opinion, takes away from the films enjoyment.<br /><br />It feels forced and unnecessary.<br /><br />Until that moment though, the film is wonderful.  It is funny and moving and meaningful.  The performances for the most part are also splendid.  Williams received a much deserved Oscar nomination for his performance, and of the nominated five I have a feeling I would have leaned towards Williams for the win as well.  Tung Thanh Tran is also effective as Tuan, even if his characters development is ridiculous in my opinion.  Forest Whitaker is somewhat annoying here, but it was early in his career so I'll give him some slack (is it just me or does he sound like David Chappelle's imitation of a white man?).  The real standout here is Bruno Kirby who just nails Lt. Steven Hauk's wit and humor (or un-wit and un-humor) brilliantly and provides some of the films biggest laughs.<br /><br />In the end I must say that I enjoyed `Good Morning Vietnam' and would love to say that it was one of the best films of 1987.  If the ending had been ditched for one more appropriate then I would say that, but that pesky final act just throws the whole thing for me.  I recommend this film, because it has a lot going for it; it just pains me to say that it could have been even better.ormance, and of the nominated five I have a feeling I would have leaned towards Williams for the win as well.  Tung Thanh Tran is also effective as Tuan, even if his characters development is ridiculous in my opinion.  Forest Whitaker is somewhat annoying here, but it was early in his career so I'll give him some slack (is it just me or does he sound like David Chappelle's imitation of a white man?).  The real standout here is Bruno Kirby who just nails Lt. Steven Hauk's wit and humor (or un-wit and un-humor) brilliantly and provides some of the films biggest laughs.    In the end I must say that I enjoyed `Good Morning Vietnam' and would love to say that it was one of the best films of 1987.  If the ending had been ditched for one more appropriate then I would say that, but that pesky final act just throws the whole thing for me.  I recommend this film, because it has a lot going for it; it just pains me to say that it could have been even better.
B001FEA9QU|5.0|Not often is every song on a cd good.  I have to say that Death Magnetic falls into that rare category.  The first listen absolutely blew my mind, and it only gets better with each listen.  I'm sure you'll hear this over and over but it does sound like the Metallica of the 80's, and that is a good thing.  I find myself wanting to listen to their first four albums again just to see if this one's really as good as it seems to be.  In short, it is.  I honestly was begining to think the boys might not have another good album left in them.  Thank you Metallica for proving me wrong.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Easily the best album from metallica since the black album.<br />Im a big fan of metallica since im 12 and its my favorite band, load, reload and st anger those albums had to grow on me but i think are good albums, but Death Magnetic since the first play it blew my mind what an album every song in it is 5 stars it reminds me a lot of ride the lighting and master of puppets era, Great album and easily one of the best metallica albums ever buy it now you wont regret it.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|This album was a great one for coldplay.  Although I would have liked more songs, these songs are definitely going to be liked by many.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I truly like this album compared to any of the albums apart from Garage days after the Black album.    I would consider Death Magnetic to be a culmination of all of metallica's past glory in the metal scene.    If they end their career's now I think this is a 'Just' end. Who knows perhaps they can make another good album...... Slayer seem to just bring the best ones out again.    Fantastic Re-birth of Metallica again.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|So basically I have been listening to this album non-stop since the leak came out on September 5.  This is basically the album that should have either followed ...And Justice for All or the Black Album    The album starts off with a heartbeat and a slow creepy intro which then transforms into one hell of a thrash meteal song.  Its easily Metallica's best opening track since Blackened.  Very refreshing to hear James sounding so angry and powerful again, though we all know his voice will never be what it was before the black album.  But this is nothing to sneer at, its awesome. 10/10    Track 2 called 'End of the Line' is what the intro to their 'New Song' which was played live became, and it has changed for the better.  Lyrics kind of have a creeping death flow in the verses.  Take one listen and you'll hear what I mean. 9/10    Track 3 Broken Beat , & Scarred.  Let me say for the record I REALLY like this song, though the vocals are not the best Hetfield has written.  I know its for lyrical rhythym flow but he could have flowed lyrics which where grammatically correct.  All Nitpicking aside, the song rocks with a VERY catchy hook.  9/10    Track 4 is the single and following the tradition of the 4th track being the ballad.  With all the reviews about this song I am going to just leave it as it rocks like all the preceding songs. 9/10    Track 5 All Nightmare Long is another fast paced thrasher with a very catchy chrous.  The break down is yet again from The New Song that was played in 06 but its much better now.  10/10    Track 6 Cyanide Definitely one of the weaker tracks but still better than anything they have written since the black album.  Lars attempts an interesting off-beat midsection which kind of works...but sounds confused. 6/10    Track 7 The Unforgiven III Not really a disappointment, but its not as good as the first.  There is no backward horn which defines the Unforgiven and The Unforgiven II so that's a let-down.  I really think this song is called The Unforgiven III mainly because they used the formula from The original and the lyrics have a lotto do with Forgiveness.  Again one of the weaker tracks and probably would relate most to the Load-era metallica 7/10    Track 8 The Judas Kiss this one takes away any tinge of Load and Reload from the last 2 tracks and is powerful as hell and James sounds AWESOME  Very nice solo by Kirk too 10/10    Track 9 Suicide and Redemption The INSTRUMENTAL!  :D  I for one love it, people complain saying it doesn't really go anywhere.  I find that accusation untrue, and I really enjoy the midsection of the song where Kirk and James duel solo.  Not the best instrumental.  Its not Ktulu or Orion but its an awesome modern day metallica instrumental 8/10    Track 10 My Apocalypse Is it Thrash?  Hell yeah it is I love it when James spits out the lyrics     \\"Crushing metal, Ripping Skin  Tossing body mannequin  Spilling Blood, Bleeding Gas    Mangle flesh, Snapping spine  Dripping bloody valentine  Shattered face, spitting glass\\"      the lyrics are defintely better than St. Angers lyrics and the chorus definitely remind me of Pantera's Rise.  Pretty close to a whiplash solo aswell. 10/10    All in all Death Magnetic is not Justice, its not Master of Puppets or Ride the Lightning its basically Metallica doing what they do best.  Being thrash.   They do however look to their past albums and there are some parts to the song where there is a pause I just wanna scream out Whiplash, especially in My Apocalypse.   Metallica have definitely made an album worthy to be in their catalogue.
1401907725|5.0|I've been using the \\"Daily Guidance from Your Angels\\" oracle cards for about a month now, and it's amazing at how accurate the responses to my questions have been!<br /><br />Doreen Virtue has done a wonderful job with this deck!  The cards are clear and concise & they're beautiful too!  And, if you ever pick a card that you're not sure about, she has included a small booklet with alternative explanations.<br /><br />I've been using this deck in 2 ways - each morning I shuffle the cards while thinking of a question, when I feel it's time to stop shuffling I choose the top card and write down what it says in my day planner.  I also do 3 card spreads, where I choose the top 3 cards to represent the immediate past, current & immediate future re: the question I'm asking.<br /><br />As I said, I am amazed every day at just how accurate the guidance is - as of yet I've never had a situation where the cards I chose didn't make sense for the question at hand.<br /><br />If you would like to communicate with your angels but just aren't sure how, or if you already speak with your angels but would like another avenue to do this, than this deck is for you!
1603420398|5.0|I bought this book because the cover was pretty, really - and that's not a bad reason at all, because the excellent color pictures continue inside. But there are many other reasons to like the book.<br /><br />I crochet a lot of baby afghans and wedding afghans and shawls, and yeah, I got tired of the plain old granny square oh, about 30 years ago - but I keep on doing it because it's easy to do and because it's a great way to use up scraps of color. Well, this book gives me lots more ways to use up small quantities of leftover yarn, and many of the motifs are as easy as granny squares, so I'll be able to do a couple to learn them, then do them on autopilot, where I don't need to look at the pattern any more, or even at the yarn - so I can do them in the dark, at symphony concerts and movies and on long car rides. Motifs are also handy for those kinds of times, because you don't have a single huge crocheted something that you have to haul around with you and that starts taking up the seat next to you once you're more than half done.<br /><br />Some of the circular motifs will become coasters without any sewing together needed, and they can also become the bottom of bottle cozies or can cozies (\\"koozies\\"), or, in a larger gauge and larger hook and cotton yarn, become trivets for your table. But the hexagons are my favorites - not only do they make good coasters, but they make lovely bedspreads with edges full of little points, like prairie points - make one just slightly larger than the top of the bed, so that the points just hang over the edge. Motif #54 is every bit as easy to do as a granny square - think of it as a granny hexagon - and think of producing a crocheted throw or spread that resembles a \\"grandmother's flower garden\\" quilt pattern! If you want fewer color changes so you can make these while watching TV or otherwise doing two things at once, motifs 31, 32, and 33 have only two colors.<br /><br />The triangle motifs require a bit more fudging and stretching to make them have exactly straight edges and fit together the way quilt pieces would; I plan to use these triangles more in a freeform manner, with circles and odd shapes combined to make a large regular shape out of many small irregular ones.<br /><br />And - surprise! - there are squares as well, and things that have four corners although not straight sides, such as motif #94, which would fit in a square but is sort of a four-petalled flower.<br /><br />And the irregular shapes - well, my favorite is the oval #125, which looks just like a miniature braided rug, and so will make lots of cute little \\"mug rugs\\" as coasters.<br /><br />In short, a wealth of ideas, motifs from easy to advanced, sure to provide lots of satisfaction even though there are not any complete patterns for afghans or garments.xactly straight edges and fit together the way quilt pieces would; I plan to use these triangles more in a freeform manner, with circles and odd shapes combined to make a large regular shape out of many small irregular ones.    And - surprise! - there are squares as well, and things that have four corners although not straight sides, such as motif #94, which would fit in a square but is sort of a four-petalled flower.    And the irregular shapes - well, my favorite is the oval #125, which looks just like a miniature braided rug, and so will make lots of cute little \\"mug rugs\\" as coasters.    In short, a wealth of ideas, motifs from easy to advanced, sure to provide lots of satisfaction even though there are not any complete patterns for afghans or garments.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|James wants to give us something new, and he did, but people isn't exactly waiting for new Metallica Style, me neither, and what we really want is something like the old Metallica stuff, and if we want a new style we can take another new metal bands stuff, but like I said, James want to force us excepting this new style for the last 2 albums, and this new release is not that much different than the annoying St. Anger except for that annoying drum, but Ok, we like Metallica, and we are happy that such a band still coming out with new stuff, over.
B000LB7G00|5.0|Anyone doing 3D modeling, particularly in architecture, really has to have one of these devices if their software supports it.<br /><br />The SpaceNavigator supports several products that I use on a daily basis:  Graphisoft ArchiCAD, Abvent Artlantis Studio, Google SketchUp and Google Earth.  [Right-handed user assumed here...] It is placed to the left of the keyboard, so that you have you right hand still on your mouse. It is not a selection device, but a navigation device.<br /><br />Navigating in 3D in many 3D applications is a jerky process - smooth pan, rotate, etc followed by moving your mouse to a new position (causing a pause in the action) and start moving again.<br /><br />With the SpaceNavigator, movement is fluid and (if you change the preferences to high speed) - fast (and fun)!<br /><br />The SpaceNavigator can be set up to work in your model in either a fly-through mode or in 'object' mode.  I prefer 'object' mode.  If I am looking at a building, the movement of my hand on the SpaceNavigator is identical to if I was holding a physical model of that building in my hand.  If I rotate away from me, the building rotates away.  Push to the left, the building pans to the left.  Lift on the knob, the building rises on the screen.  Etc.  Extremely intuitive and slightly immersive.<br /><br />In ArchiCAD or Artlantis, I can work much faster than with mouse alone... and in perspective mode,  so the views are more realistic.  I can instantly get to the back side of the building, looking up at the fascia to deal with a rafter issue there, for example.<br /><br />I'm a heavy user of keyboard shortcuts, and do not find that it interferes at all with that, as suggested by another reviewer.  The device is immediately to the left of my Cap Lock key, so it is milliseconds to get my hand back over the keyboard.<br /><br />With clients, there is almost no need to generate animations (movies) since you can move accurately and fluidly in OpenGL to walk through a building in real time.  But, even for animations, the SpaceNavigator lets you quickly set up camera positions.<br /><br />Google Earth is pretty fun with it, too - again, completely fluid navigation, vs the move, pause, jerk kind of navigation achieved with a mouse.<br /><br />Note that this review is on the SE page, but applies to the PE model as well. The license is the only thing I hate about this thing.  The SE and PE models are identical, differing only in their license details.  The SE is for non-commercial work, the PE for commercial (for profit).  You can 'upgrade' an SE to a PE on the manufacturer web site - although it is cheaper to buy a PE here at Amazon in the first place.tor lets you quickly set up camera positions.    Google Earth is pretty fun with it, too - again, completely fluid navigation, vs the move, pause, jerk kind of navigation achieved with a mouse.    Note that this review is on the SE page, but applies to the PE model as well. The license is the only thing I hate about this thing.  The SE and PE models are identical, differing only in their license details.  The SE is for non-commercial work, the PE for commercial (for profit).  You can 'upgrade' an SE to a PE on the manufacturer web site - although it is cheaper to buy a PE here at Amazon in the first place.
B0007MWZEK|1.0|Worst product of its type I have ever used.  It's impossible to clean, has a short battery life, and cleans poorly.  On bare floors the rotating brushes kick away as much debris as the weak vacuum picks up.  Don't even bother with carpets.  The thing that irks me the most, though--it makes me a moron for getting sucked in by another outrageous infomercial with its absurd claims.
B000VNMMR0|1.0|It was very action packed, which can be okay.  It did not have enough dialogue, though, which bugged me.  It was like the writers wanted to make a movie, but didn't want to spend much time on an actual script.<br /><br />Though seeing Bruce Willis taking on bad guys is interesting, it just isn't as much fun as it used to be.  He can still take on the action hero role.  He just didn't have much to work with this time.<br /><br />The acting was okay.  I've seen better, not from these actors, but that's okay.  I didn't expect to see spectacular acting, but I thought it would be more fun.  This was not as fun as previous installments.<br /><br />I normally cannot stand the bad guys in things, but the best scenes throughout most of the movie were the ones with them.  Their acting was less dry.  The best non-villain acting was Justin Long.<br /><br />I kind of wondered when this movie would end.  It felt like it would prolong my suffering if it kept going the way it was going...and that was just 45 minutes into it.  Normally, I can suspend reality for a movie and not pull my hair out trying to figure out why so much blatant stupidity is going on.  Alas, this was different.  I was about to scream or die from the utter pain of watching a crappy movie.<br /><br />Of course, I was very happy to see Kevin Smith.  He can always be counted on for a good time.  He may not be the best actor in the world, but at least he's cool.<br /><br />Apparently, if you're a guy or \\"middle-aged\\", this movie is awesome, but if you're a young woman like me, then it's probably not going to be your cup of tea.  My advice is to stay away unless you're 100% sure that you're going to love it after all is said and done.  Even if you're sure that you're going to love it, you'll probably just barely like it.
076790382X|4.0|In 1995, Bill Bryson returned to live in the United States after living in England for 20 years.  A British newspaper asked him to write a weekly column about America and I'm a Stranger Here Myself: Notes on Returning to America After Twenty Years Away is a compilation of those columns.  His observations of America and family life are laugh out loud funny.  I read many of them to my husband.  He wrote these lines about his oldest child going off to college and they hit close to home for us:        \\"Once they leave for college they never really come back,\\" a neighbor who has lost two of her own in this way told us wistfully the other day.        \\"This isn't what I wanted to hear.  I wanted to hear that they come back a lot, only this time they hang up their clothes, admire you for your intelligence and wit, and no longer have a hankering to sink diamond studs into various odd holes in their heads.  But the neighbor was right.  He is gone.  There is an emptiness in the house that proves it.\\"    The columns are short and each one is an individual read making this book easy to read when you have a lot going on.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Rick Rubin told the members of Metallica to think of \\"Master of Puppets\\" while writing and recording their newest CD, Death Magnetic. Unfortuntely, Death Magnetic does not sound like \\"Master of Puppets\\". It does however sound like a go-between of And Justice for All and the Black Album which means the retroactive thinking worked for Metallica even though it didn't take them all the way back to 1985.<br /><br />The loss of Bob Rock was imperative for Metallica to stop the destructive course of lame, uninspired, bluesy prog metal that started with Rock's ill-fated reign as producer. Sometimes a band has to hit \\"Rock\\" bottom in order to accept that it has to change. \\"Rock\\" bottom for Metallica came with St. Anger and that whiney, wretched documentary, \\"Some Kind of Monster\\". After hitting rock bottom there is no where to go but upwards and that is where death Magnetic takes us.<br /><br />Death Magnetic is heavy. Sometimes it sounds like Rubin had Metallica listen to Slayer to get their crunch back. The songs are melodic and skillful but are heavier than anything they have done since \\"And Justice for All\\". Kirk Hammet is all over the place and his guitar duals with Hetfield are skillful and full of hooks and mememorable riffs. The songs are long but interesting enough to listen to over and over again. I gave this two listens and I was hooked. Metallica Hit \\"Rock\\" bottom and came out a winner. In their own words:\\"What does not kill you makes you more strong\\"...<br /><br />Best tracks: Broken Beat Scarred, Day that Never Comes, End of the Line
B00009ZYBY|4.0|This movie was excellent. I went to the theater expecting a movie more in the line of \\"The Patriot\\". In other words, a good popcorn action/war flick, nothing special but still not a bad movie. What I found was a masterpiece. This movie blew me off my feet. The actors were perfectly casted. The storyline was excellent. The acting was some of the most memorable in many years. The special effects were amazing. The Cinematography was perfect. The battles were incredibly realistic and beleivable. Russell Crowe(Maximus) was perfect at playing his role; a Sad Hero. Throughout the movie you are made to believe that all he is trying to do is win his freedom. He has no \\"save Rome\\" attitude as I thought he would before I saw the movie. I thought he was going to be a \\"Rebel\\" trying to save the people. But what he is, is a man trying to win freedom and revenge against the man(who is the King's Son i.e. the Prince) who slaughtered his family and the king(who happened to be his best friend and the father he never had). By the end he finally wins his freedom.I wont ruin the surprise ending for you. I will say that it is deliciously ironic though.
1577314808|5.0|Tolle takes you on the path to finding what's real in a simple, straight forward and yet challenging way. Excellent read.
0307269752|4.0|This mysterious tale which starts off as a simple locked room mystery quickly unravel into something more complex and scandalous. The characters are fresh and given some quite modern quirks and perspectives. The Swedish setting is appropriately desolate and often as fascinating as the characters that inhabit the place. After a slow beginning, I found myself completely engrossed and fascinated by this journey to uncover past truths. I will say that I was a bit thrown off by the ending. This is a terrific book - well developed, richly populated, and takes you somewhere new. Fortunately this is the first in a trilogy so I look forward to the next 2 installments.
B001EOQWEO|5.0|Finally, Pixar and Disney get it together to include a digital copy with the DVD.  This is exactly what the other distribution channels need to do to prevent illegal downloads.  When you get a great, legal, digital version of the movie with the DVD, there is no good reason to download a lousy pirated copy.  Thanks for the great movie, and nice job on pushing the industry to a useful alternative to [..] and the like.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|My original review:<br />My title pretty much sums it up, MetallicA's latest effort, &#34;Death Magnetic&#34; is a most excellent album of heavy metal greatness.  This is the MetallicA album that I know many true fans, such as myself, have been waiting for, for a very long time.  Some so-called fans of MetallicA are dissapointed with this release, and to them, I say they are highly ungrateful!  They should feel lucky just to get another release from MetallicA, the band they say they supposively like!<br /><br />That aside, this is a kick @$$ metal album, period, whether it was made by Flotsam & Jetsam, Testament, Megadeth or MetallicA, in other words people need to stop comparing this album to MetallicA's past albums and just review this album for what it is, and what it is, is sheer bad @$$, in your face, heavy metal album.  If people want &#34;old school&#34; thrash in the modern era, I think you'll get your fix here, if not, buy &#34;Death Magnetic&#34; AND Testament's newest album!<br /><br />I have every MetallicA CD and most all of their DVD's, live stuff, etc...and I'd have to say that &#34;Death Magnetic&#34; rates in my top three MetallicA albums.  With time, who knows, this album could become my favorite.  I love &#34;Kill Em All&#34;, and all of their &#34;Old School&#34; stuff, but I also love &#34;Load&#34; and &#34;Re-load&#34;, and somewhat like &#34;St. Anger&#34;, although it was a dissapointment for me, mainly because of the lame lyrical content, and James sounded horrible on that album, and there wasn't any guitar solos.<br /><br />On &#34;Death Magnetic&#34; everyone sounds great, no more &#34;tin drums&#34;, James sounds 200% better than he did on &#34;St. Anger&#34;, and there are solos a plenty from Hammett.<br /><br />To address those who are complaining about distortion in certain songs, ARE YOU SERIOUS???  Here you have a new MetallicA album, which is very very good by metal standards, and we have people complaining about a few seconds of distortion in a few songs???  You people should be ashamed and are not by any means true fans of MetallicA from hence you claim!!!  ok...so I got a little carried away, I'm just agitated that there are reviews on here complaining of distortion!?!?  This is music known as Heavy Metal, get over it!  The album sounds great to me!  If you don't like the distortion or the yelling or the guitar solos then this simply just isn't your music, so there is no need to review it...Go review a Britney Spears album or some crappy emo album...<br /><br />In conclusion, this is the best metal CD I've heard in about the last 15 years, and I think its one of MetallicA's best and this is coming from a MetallicA fan of 13 years.  To me its like the best of both worlds of MetallicA, to me this album sounds like &#34;Load, Re-load&#34; fused with most of MetallicA's older stuff, like &#34;Kill Em All&#34;, &#34;Master of Puppets&#34;, &#34;...And Justice for All&#34;, &#34;Ride The Lightning&#34;...you get the point.  If you like MetallicA, go and do yourself a favor...Buy this album now!<br /><br />-Now 2 years later I never listen to Death Magnetic...wore out very fast, just nothing memorable from that cd.  Metallica is truly dead.  Changed my rating from 5 stars to 3.d be ashamed and are not by any means true fans of MetallicA from hence you claim!!!  ok...so I got a little carried away, I'm just agitated that there are reviews on here complaining of distortion!?!?  This is music known as Heavy Metal, get over it!  The album sounds great to me!  If you don't like the distortion or the yelling or the guitar solos then this simply just isn't your music, so there is no need to review it...Go review a Britney Spears album or some crappy emo album...  In conclusion, this is the best metal CD I've heard in about the last 15 years, and I think its one of MetallicA's best and this is coming from a MetallicA fan of 13 years.  To me its like the best of both worlds of MetallicA, to me this album sounds like &#34;Load, Re-load&#34; fused with most of MetallicA's older stuff, like &#34;Kill Em All&#34;, &#34;Master of Puppets&#34;, &#34;...And Justice for All&#34;, &#34;Ride The Lightning&#34;...you get the point.  If you like MetallicA, go and do yourself a favor...Buy this album now!  -Now 2 years later I never listen to Death Magnetic...wore out very fast, just nothing memorable from that cd.  Metallica is truly dead.  Changed my rating from 5 stars to 3.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Read the reviews, ignored them, vaguely knew he was a President of the USA, but bought the DVD based on 1970s when I watched those great mini series on TV, US historical dramas, the costumes the era, and of course more recently the culmination of North and South, I know without knowing that if anyone who knows the history of that time will tear apart the authencity of the story, but so what us Brits we have seen many a historical film based on Queen Victoria and we know its just made up but who really cares, so I accept this in good faith as great fiction, it is dark, it is epic, it is great acting, and why - there are no Hollywood babes well not yet in the parts that I have watched and not even a Arrison Foord!!  Mr Smith is ugly but is beautiful, he is a great actor probably embarrased by some of his previous and future parts, but even if those part were dire the acting was like magic, his voice lacks any magic but it spellbinds you, he is the modern day Merlin....enjoy an epic collection DVDeed for your pleasure or repugnance, I care not
B001DDBCUU|4.0|I own the collector's set (which is so beautifully boxed) and have watched every episode of Sex and The City, and wanted more.  This movie brings the girls back, making it appear to be three additional sequels.  I felt the emotional twists and turns of Carrie and Miranda, the new softness of Samantha, and who couldn't admire Charlotte (the Melanie Hamilton of Gone With The Wind)--minus Charlotte's squeals! ...although her experience in Mexico brought her to \\"real life\\" and the humor was needed.     There was less of the men, and very little of the children, but this is about a follow-up on the girls.  I liked Jennifer Hudson's inclusion, as she was just what Carrie needed with her gentle voice and manner (and a great voice on the track).    The fashions were beautiful and unique as they always were (although I didn't go for the blue bird!!).  The movie (as the series) shows what true friendship is-- those you can really count on one hand.  Carrie's New Year's Eve visit was evidence of how intuitive they are with each other.    You'll probably watch this more than once and if you were a fan of the Sex and the City series, you won't want to go without watching this movie.     I'd simplify it by girl:    CARRIE;         Forgot she was thinking only of what Carrie wanted.  MIRANDA;      Still overburdened  with work and family and learned the consequences.  CHARLOTTE;    Ever the optimistic/ ever the \\"mothering\\" type with her hopes for her dreams to come true.  SAMANTHA   Mellowed and still sexy at 50 - Still the authority the girls reach out to.    Now wouldn't it be great to those devoted fans to see these women as SENIORS??????
B00000K0DQ|5.0|I was moved by the way the movie developed the character of the intended exacution victim and the character of the Nun who visited him and helped him to deal with the realities of his pending death.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|The fact that this show was cancled and we will only ever have these 14 episodes and Serenity is a crying shame.  Fox should be ashamed of themselves for failing to recognize what a beautiful funny rich series this was.  It should have been 300 episodes.
B000R4SMCW|4.0|Crime scene investigation takes a black eye in this thriller. Although the movie is excellent and is a study of personality flaws in overly successful yuppies it is nonetheless a bit of a scam when it comes to evidence linking a criminal with a potential murder.  Physical evidence is good but is not absolutely the only requirement to convict in our system of justice. Indeed, I have witnessed murderers go to jail without any physical evidence presented. So we are somewhat mislead here in this picture. Also, although not generally known, all guns have identification numbers and in situations that are present here in the movie the officers would certainly know if their guns had been tampered in any way.  The relations of officers are also known, especially in their off duty amorous affairs by their co-workers and the chance that an investigator would show up at the scene and not reveal his relationship in a situation to a superior is highly unlikely.   Yet, this film is still tense and interesting despite all the police procedural flaws. Anthony Hopkins is at his Hannibal best and sinks his teeth into a young strapping successful professional prosecutor who believes he is God's gift to women and the best brain to ever come into the DA's office. We love to see Hopkins manipulate the smart aleck prosecutor, playing on his vanity and then skillfully destroy the young mans reputation before all of Los Angeles. Wonderful!  The movie is definitely worth a view and may require you to view it more than once to understand all that is going on. It is up there with the Illusionist, A Beautiful Mind and The Sixth Sense and Croupier in the plotting and it is certainly quite an entertaining movie.
158234082X|5.0|Being in the restaurant business for 23 years I thought I had stories. I couldn't put the book down. I feel like I worked with him. This is a must read!!
B000W7JWUA|5.0|As with previous printings, this version of Catan is a very nice looking high quality product.        All in all, the Settlers of Cantan is a wonderful game.  You can find more images and reviews at [...]  As a long-time gamer, I would say Settlers of Catan provides a good balance between simple rules and complex game play.  Both gamers and non-gamers can enjoy this game.  Heck, even my wife is willing to play this game!
6301562941|4.0|The vhs was in very good repair, and I usually do not do SiFi, but this had an auroa of kindness, (almost Christian) which would be an improvement in our sad world. There was much action and suspense as well  to keep all ages interested. I rate this 4 stars!
B000PHX4VA|1.0|Police fans should be dismissed as lunatics or at the very least avoided. Back in the 80's, The Police were given such a loving pat on the head by critics. I could only come to one conclusion. As with new wave, the mainstream were hoping the Police's brand of inoffensive music would put a more acceptable image on punk rock. The reality was their gutless music was generally just a cut above soft rock and lyrically they were irrelevant compared to many REAL punk bands.   Lo and behold the masses ate it up and went a step further putting a phony like Sting on a pedestal, as a spokesperson for indigenous populations of South America.  If commercially intended wimpy soft rock is your thing, then any Police CD will go well with your boring middle class friends, cheap beer and colored sweaters. Get a life!  p.s Their is now a cure for insomnia.......any of Sting's solo CD's.
B000001OAA|5.0|Garbage's self-titled debut is a must have for anyone who likes anything from alternative rock to goth or emo. It's really a raw album that is shocking and scarily understandable. This record I fell in love with Garbage 13 years ago and I remain a faithful fan (I even have a tattoo resembling the cover of this very album!). To truly appreciate the band you must look behind the scenes and learn about them; I suggest through their 'Absolute Garbage' dvd and get to know the band. Thanks, Aaron.
0345494997|4.0|I found Horan's read to be a fascinating look at another world and culture.  The events occur one hundred years ago, yet remain relevant in today's celebrity obsessed world.      Mamah Borthwick's story is a compelling one. It's somewhat astounding that her tale is so often relegated to a mere footnote or aside in the Frank Lloyd Wright story.  But here, that slight is corrected as she stands front and center in this fictionalized account of her life.  Horan does a good job of presenting Mamah's search for herself in the context of the times.  Mamah's decisions all have huge repurcussions for herself, her husband, her children and her lover, but she's willing to risk all for the combined passions of finding herself and loving Frank.    It's interesting how in our modern world, taking time to find one's self is deemed meritorious and reasonable.  Contrast it with the rigid societal expectations of the turn of the century.  Add in an affair that warranted front page treatment, and perhaps the time is now.    Although the book can be a bit pedantic, and the passion that flamed this relationship merely treated circumspectly, it's definitely worth reading.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|EDIT: I originally wrote this review after the album initially came out. I admit I was quick to praise it because it was MUCH better than the dismal St Anger. After a few months I took the CD out of the deck and never looked at it again. The more I listened to it the more it sounded like St Anger garbage. You know you have a good album when it grows on you and the more you listen to it the more you like it... this album is totally opposite of that. Reading this review you could tell I really wanted to love this album but in the long run it failed miserably. If I were to rate it now I'd give it 2 out of 5 stars maximum. I have finally realized Metallica is done for good. I got 1 word to prove that \\"LuLu\\"... FADE TO BLACK Metallica, do us all a favor and throw it in before you turn into the next KISS and release years of garbage albums when the band is far far past it's prime just as Metallica is now.<br /><br />ORIGINAL REVIEW:<br /><br />I've been a Metallica fan since the early 80's and I've followed them through thick and thin.  I even stayed faithful throughout their experimental stages they went through with Load and Reload whereas many other long time fans were turned off completely. I was content with Metallica all the way up to the disaster that was St. Anger.  After hearing that album it turned me off from Metallica for quite some time.  I honestly thought there was no coming back for them.  Then came Death Magnetic and they have managed to redeem themselves to some degree and they have won back my adoration.  The album certainly is the closest they have come to their old school stylings in the past decade.  While it's not as good as their pinnacle \\"Justice for All\\" it is quite acceptable as a very decent Metal album.  I see many fans coming back to Metallica after they give this album a try and I hope it is just the start and many more albums of this quality or BETTER come from them in future years.  They might be getting old but they still have a lot of energy left to put to good use!  So don't hesitate if Metal is your thing pick up Death Magnetic you shouldn't be disappointed.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|I have seriously mixed feelings about this album.    First off, it is Loads better than the last three albums. It is definitely metal, and some of it is even thrash (more on that later).    The CD is recorded wonderfully - drums sound great, guitars sound great, bass was almost there, even James gets his old sneer back once in a while.    But it just doesn't sound like Metallica to me. The first and last tracks are definitely the best, and reminded me of the old Metallica, especially the last track. Songs #2 and #8 were also very good (I wasn't paying attention to the songtitles while in the car). So the album starts and ends well, and it goes a bit off in the middle.    I tried to imagine this being the follow-up to the \\"Black Album\\" instead of Load. I think people would have been disappointed, but not betrayed as with Load. I think it would have given the impression of a tired band, which ironically may have eased the way for Load, in the spirit of trying something new. But as it is, it is definitely a step in the right direction - after I heard the last song, I thought they should have scrapped the first nine songs, and wrote nine new ones in the spirit of #10 (pretending, of course, that the songs were written and recorded in the running order).    It's actually very similar to the recent \\"return to form\\" albums by Megadeth (The World Needs a Hero) and Slayer (Christ Illusion), neither of which were great, but assured metal fans that the bands were back, and would (hopefully) get better. Megadeth did with The System Has Failed and United Abominations, and Slayer has yet to record a follow-up. But both of these albums were more consistently close to the respective bands' classic styles, while Death Magnetic is up and down in that respect.
B000V86OKG|5.0|After the first season, I wasn't sure the producers of Dexter were going to be able to create another riveting season. My only question now is whether I liked the first or second season better. In my opinion, this is some of the best written film on TV right now. The story line is not predictable and I found myself in constant suspense. I'm not going to give anything away, but Dexter faces some steep challenges in this season, definitely recommend.
159102594X|5.0|This entire series is a good read, it's a grimmer, grittier, dirtier version of the standard fantasy fare.  I wholly recommend it, it  s very entertaining, complex without being obtuse, and plot driven.
B0015XHQTY|5.0|A great buy for DVD format.  Loaded with plenty of background on filming, story, and cast/crew.  A top-notch production for a great movie series.
B000002VMH|4.0|Annie certainly has a wonderful voice, her genre is not my usual venue, but there is no denying her singing \\"Why\\" is one of those songs that becomes timeless, it just flows and wraps itself around you as you listen. All it took was one listen while fiddling around on the radio one day and I had to seek  that tune out. Beautiful. Kudos Annie. Thanks.
B0007OY2MG|5.0|I would highly recommend Season 3 of Gilmore Girls! It has a slight lull of excitement in the beginning, but as it goes on it gets quite exceptional! In fact the second half of the season in better than both the first and second seasons in my opinions. I would recommend this to all Gilmore Gilrs fans and anyone just getting into it as long as they have seen the first and and second seasons first!
B00192KCQ0|3.0|I remember the buzz surrounding \\"St Anger\\" was that Metallica would be returning to their \\"original\\" sound. I, like countless Metallica fans couldn't wait. When I finally got my copy of \\"Anger\\" I thought there must have been some kind of mistake? \\"St Anger\\" didn't sound like old-school Metallica, it didn't sound like Metallica from any era, after just a couple listens, I shelved \\"St Anger\\" and wondered if that might have been Metallica's swan song.<br />So when \\"Death Magnetic\\" was announced, and Metallica began claiming that \\"Death\\" was going to sound like old-school Metallica, I just kind of rolled my eyes, and waited for \\"St Anger 2\\" to drop. But, as a long time fan of the band, I picked up \\"Death Magnetic\\" as soon as it became available. As soon as the opening chords of \\"This Was Just Your Life\\" began playing my ears perked up, and when Lars' drumwork kicked in, I knew that somehow Metallica had tapped into something similar to their \\"...And Justice For All\\" sound. Maybe it was producer Rick Rubin? Maybe by adding fresh blood to the band in bassist Robert Trujillo they were able to recapture the magic? Who knows? I'm just glad to see Metallica back in form.<br />1. - \\"The Was Just Your Life\\" - Excellent opener, features everything fans love about the band, the driving guitar, the ear-pulsing drum and bass work, and Hetfield's gutteral vocals.<br />2. - \\"The End of the Line\\" - Another great sample of modern thrash, and Trujillo gets to shine on bass throughout the song. This song reminds me of elements on the \\"Black\\" album, and I think this should have been the first single.<br />3. - \\"Broken, Beat & Scarred\\" - Great guitar work, this is another solid tune, that showcases the bands 1980's thrash roots.<br />4. - \\"The Day The Never Comes\\" - For some reason this sounds like a left over tune from the \\"Load\\"/\\"ReLoad\\" days. Slowly building to a solid finish, but lasts about 2 minutes too long.<br />5. - \\"All Nightmare Long\\" - One of the best tracks on the disk. More solid drumwork by Lars, and smokin' guitar riff. The clever lyrics are also fairly catchy, and would have made this song a much better choice for the first single.<br />6. - \\"Cyanide\\" - A solid tune, but it kind of gets lost in the shuffle.<br />7. - \\"The Unforgiven III\\" - I'm not sure why this tune was lumped in what I guess is now the \\"Unforgiven\\" trilogy? Maybe they were just giving us fair warning that James would be singing in his \\"ballad\\" voice? No matter, it's a solid tune, and stands out simply because of it's slower pace and piano intro.<br />8. - \\"The Judas Kiss\\" - Another excellent tune. The bass work by Trujillo is phenomenal!<br />9. - \\"Suicide & Redemption\\" - A great instrumental taking me back to the days of \\"Orion\\" on \\"Master of Puppets\\".<br />10. - \\"My Apocalypse\\" - The shortest song on the disk, but chock full of excellent guitar work, and pounding bass. Another solid tune that ends the disk on a high note.<br /><br />For longtime fans of the band this was a nice return to form. I'm just not sure how newer fans, and radio programmers will take to this album? For about 20 years Metallica has been providing safe 5-minute and under tunes that were radio ready, and you won't find much of that on this disk.nd smokin' guitar riff. The clever lyrics are also fairly catchy, and would have made this song a much better choice for the first single.  6. - \\"Cyanide\\" - A solid tune, but it kind of gets lost in the shuffle.  7. - \\"The Unforgiven III\\" - I'm not sure why this tune was lumped in what I guess is now the \\"Unforgiven\\" trilogy? Maybe they were just giving us fair warning that James would be singing in his \\"ballad\\" voice? No matter, it's a solid tune, and stands out simply because of it's slower pace and piano intro.  8. - \\"The Judas Kiss\\" - Another excellent tune. The bass work by Trujillo is phenomenal!   9. - \\"Suicide & Redemption\\" - A great instrumental taking me back to the days of \\"Orion\\" on \\"Master of Puppets\\".   10. - \\"My Apocalypse\\" - The shortest song on the disk, but chock full of excellent guitar work, and pounding bass. Another solid tune that ends the disk on a high note.    For longtime fans of the band this was a nice return to form. I'm just not sure how newer fans, and radio programmers will take to this album? For about 20 years Metallica has been providing safe 5-minute and under tunes that were radio ready, and you won't find much of that on this disk.
1591795230|1.0|Recently heard Bruce Lipton on the Coast to Coast Show and was intrigued by his presentation of Biology of Belief. I downloaded the three plus hours of CD's with the expectation of learning of his material and how he and others benefited from it.    Overall very intersting, but I found it to be more of an academic discussion with little practical application. In the last 18 minutes he mentions you can change your subconscious programing and mentions he has a 10 minute technique for doing so but makes no mention of any specifics.     For entertainment would give him 3-4 stars, for 'news I can use' 1/2 - 1 star. To recommend to a friend - 0 stars.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|I gave the guys the benefit of the doubt, but after listening to the entire album, I feel nothing but disappointment.    The simple truth is that I could not pinpoint a single track on this CD that I could say -- HERE! This one will become a CLASSIC! \\"CLASSIC\\" in the same category as Creeping Death, Master of Puppets, Fade To Black, One and countless others from their better days.    I can see how this album will appeal to some \\"older\\" fans, because Metallica are indeed trying to re-capture their old spirit. But it seems they hit the wall somewhere along the way.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Finally they have put out an album that doesn't suck. If you like albums like Master of Puppets or And Justice For All then I highly recommend this. Track 4 especially, the last 3 minutes is what made them rock so much back in the day, a fantastic guitar solo on par with To Live Is To Die. Unforgiven III is a nice twist on an old trick, a slower rock ballad. Which is refreshing after having your face melted off by pure Metallica awesome. True story.  -er-
031606792X|3.0|As so many have already stated, I was in the majority who absolutely adored the first three books.  This one, I struggled with for a number of reasons, particularly the first time I read it through.      My greatest objection to this book lies in the fact that it was a vast departure from what I consider the \\"essence\\" of the characters.  I loved the first three books.  I loved them deeply because Stephenie Meyer created characters that she knows - and not just in a passing , superficial way.  I would argue that these novels are motivated by - to be a bit ironic - the essential humanity of our characters.  Twilight moves forward not because it needed a plot; not because we as readers needed a villain in James.  The conflict in Twilight ensues because of the inherently dangerous path Bella and Edward must embark upon.  Whether it was James or someone else years down the line, Bella could never have been anywhere else but in the path of some sadistic vampire.  It was simply an eventuality.  Likewise, Edward's very nature demands that he take the path he chooses in New Moon.  Being Edward, he could never have done anything else.  That is the beauty of Stephenie's stories, in my opinion: she does not write them in an effort to take her characters down a preconceived path that creates drama and conflict (i.e., a plot).  The stories are motivated by, and the ensuing plots evolve from, her deep understanding of the complex nature of her characters.  This is a rare phenomenon in my experience - encountering an author who is so vividly aware,  not so much of the story she is telling, but the reasons, the underlying motivations, behind why she is telling it and why it must unfold in a certain way.      Breaking Dawn, sadly, is a departure from this.  I felt that there was a definite agenda throughout this book; namely, that it needed to accomplish a grand and dramatic finale to an epic trilogy.  As such, each character must arrive at that elusive \\"happily ever after\\" at all costs.  In an attempt to achieve that happily ever after, it seemed that the rules Stephenie had given us from the first three books had to be thrown out the window.  The \\"essence\\" of the characters needed to be altered.     The most obvious example of this is the issue of Bella as a mother.  I suspect that the reason Meyer felt Bella should be pregnant is to give us as readers some closure.  Rosalie laments, particularly in Eclipse, that she regrets that she and Emmett cannot have children.  Bella even begins to envision herself having that life - becoming a wife and a mother, first as a result of her conversation with Rosalie, and then again with Jacob.  This raises the question in OUR minds about whether or not Bella should go forward and become an immortal.  Is she really ready to sacrafice a human future when she is, as Rose asserts, \\"too young to know what  [she'll] want  in ten years, fifteen years, and too young to give it up without thinking it through?\\"  This is a question that we as readers must grapple with.  I would argue that, time and time again, Bella herself - Bella the character, whose essence is selfless, brave, and deeply determined to spend her life with Edward - considers this a non-issue.  Or, at the very least, one she is already decided on.  For three long, wonderful books, we see Bella respond this way each time this complicated issue rears its head.  Bella is ready and willing to make the sacrifices she knows must be made in order to achieve what she wants: immortality; to be Edward's equal partner.  THAT is her essence.  We who are older know that sometimes we regret the rash choices of youth; youth itself rarely notices.  And this is where, in my opinion, the line between Bella's character and Stephenie Meyer's desires  for her character become blurred.    To my dismay, it was like this for almost all of her characters.  Jacob, so bound by and committed to loving Bella is suddenly freed of that compulsion!  He too can find happiness beingsomething other than what he has been for three lengthy novels and literally thousands of pages.  Even Edward, constant, wonderful Edward, suddenly decides that Jacob - up until now, his rival and the object of much loathing - is his friend!  He even calls him son!  Very, very strange.      Such discrepencies can only exist in a world where the rules are suspended; the game is changed.  The plot is what drives Breaking Dawn, not the people (or the vampires, or the werewolves, for that matter).  It is a wonderful story, and I would have loved to have read it with different characters; characters whose essence could only have lead them to that particular end.  However, I don't believe that our beloved residents of the Twilight universe were destined to make their end with a resounding, \\"and they lived happily ever after.\\"
B0017I1FO4|5.0|I would recommend this CD for fans of Staind, Three Doors Down and Seether. It's definitely my favorite Shinedown release. You can tell they have progressed from \\"Leave a Whisper\\". I would say that this album is more radio friendly then their past releases and not quite as hard. Still, songs like \\"Devour\\" and \\"Cyanide Sweet Tooth Suicide\\" are going to be fan favorites for the harder rockers.
B000AV2G3I|5.0|I HAVE BEEN COLLECTING MUSIC FROM JOHN LENNON MORE THAN HALF MY LIFE. HE IS NEVER DISAPPOINTING. HIS COLLECTION OF MUSIC STILL REMAINS ON TOP AND RELEVENT EVEN TODAY. IN MY OPINION LENNON HAS THE BEST ROCK AND ROLL VOICE. HIS RANGE IS AMAZING. EVEN IF YOU HAVE MOST OF HIS LIBRARY OF MUSIC, HEARING ONE GREAT TUNE AFTER ANOTHER IS STILL MIND BOGGLING. GET THIS CD, GET THIS CD FOR YOUR FRIENDS, OR SOMEONE WHO IS STARTING TO GET INTO THE MUSIC OF THIS GENIUS.  ONE COULD ONLY IMAGINE, WHERE HE STANDS ON THE POLITICS OF TODAY.
B0013FNC38|5.0|I've had the pleasure of seeing Jason Mraz quite a few times and he was amazing. I'm a huge fan and anticipated this release so much. It's definitely a good summer album and kind of reminds me of something you'd listen to while you're getting ready to go surfing or lay on the beach. The song \\"Lucky\\" with Colbie Caillat has a definite folk sound to it and it's such a pretty song! The single \\"I'm Yours\\" is classic Jason Mraz style and a good pick for the first release.
B0017P7MOO|5.0|What an astounding album!    Overall, the lush orchestration and highly unique compositions really set this album apart from anything I've heard as of late. I'm surprised these guys aren't massive over here, as nearly every track blew me away.    Key Tracks: The Bones of You, The Loneliness of a Tower Crane Driver, Some Riot, Friend of Ours .. tons of emphasis on those last two, for sure.    The album itself is dedicated to Bryan Glancy, one of Guy Garvey's (the lead singer of Elbow) best friends who died suddenly in 2006. (Courtesy of Wikipedia..)    (Knowing this, the last two tracks mentioned seem even more heartbreaking, but absolutely breathtaking at the same time..)    I'll definitely be checking out the rest of Elbow's catalog!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST ALBUM SINCE JUSTICE. HAS THE FEEL OF THE FIRST 2 ALBUMS. FAST AND INTENSE. ROB IS AN EXCELLENT ADDITION. SORRY NEWSTED BUT THIS IS THE BEST LINE UP SINCE THE DEATH OF CLIFF. IF YOU ARE EXPECTING THE BLACK ALBUM OR LOAD DON'T BOTHER BUYING IT. THIS IS RAW METALLICA AT IT'S BEST IN YEARS. MY ONLY PROBLEM IS UNFORGIVEN III. THE SONG IS GREAT BUT THE NAME DOSEN'T FIT. IT HAS THE SAME SUBJECT MATTER BUT A HOLE NEW SOUND. CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THEM AGAIN THIS OCTOBER.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Some of you are not true Metallica fans or don't realize that this album is the best they have put out since LOAD, but it is better than that.  This is a throwback to Master of Puppets.  This is proof that they know how to kick it up a notch.  I have missed this sound.  With St. Anger and Re-load I would skip songs to get to the ones I like, but I can't with Death Magnetic.  Tracks 4 - 6 are the meat of the CD, and they are total ear candy.  Great job Metallica....fan for life.
0747586640|5.0|This book was recommeded to me.....it is a must read.  I could identify with Liz...and feel inspired to search for my inner peace after reading this book.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|One of the best Metallica albums. Long songs, heavy tracks, overall great album. Fans of old and new style Metallica will probably like this. Can't wait to hear some of this stuff live on their upcoming tour. 8.99 from Amazon is a great deal, although I opted to just buy the 8 or so tracks I wanted individually.
B001FEA9QU|4.0|I have listened to this album 20+ times now and the riffs and hooks keep getting better. The production is finally heavy sounding again. The guitars are brutal. The snare sounds normal (no annoying St. Anger overtones). Kirk's solos are amazing. Robert Trujillo gets songwriting credits (sorry Jason)! There is obviously new blood flowing through the veins of Metallica.    Thank you Rick Rubin.     But I can't give it 5 stars. For me, it is almost TOO much like vintage Metallica. I hear different parts of so many of their old songs coming through on these new ones so obviously that it feels sort of sad. I mean, ALL these reviews are talking about how cool it is that Metallica sounds like Metallica again. Everyone is drawing the comparisons to Lightning, Puppets, and Justice... because Metallica copies themselves so well! Even the complaints are about how certain tracks sound too much like Black or Load... Unforgiven III, etc...     Don't get me wrong. The songs are definitely new. And I love them! But there just isn't anything on the album that surprises or challenges me. To their credit, the songs are accessible. The drums and guitars do exactly what you expect them to. Metallica practically created the whole thrash metal musical vocabulary themselves. They know how to speak it well. And I love to listen to it. But I was hoping to hear something new. To get blown away by something so heavy, so metal... but there just isn't anything new here.    But I think this is the album they had to make at this time. They had to get back to what they are best at. Rick Rubin is a genius. And he knows how to get the best out of any artist he works with (Beastie Boys, Slayer, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Johnny Cash, etc...). And I think Robert Trujillo will continue making an impact in the songwriting (if James and Lars have learned anything from losing Jason, it should be that). I think this album lays the groundwork for the next album. Stick with Rick Rubin. Stick with Robert Trujillo.The next one's gonna be five stars.
0439023483|5.0|Set in a futuristic anti-America known as Panem, a repressive regime in which the ruling Capitol elite control twelve districts of commoners, The Hunger Games recounts the savage ordeal experienced by sixteen-year old narrator Katniss Everdeen.  As an annual showing of control, the Capitol forces twenty-four randomly-selected teenage representatives of the districts to fight to the death in an amped-up Survivor environment, their struggles broadcast live to a rabid Panem-wide audience.  Katniss, who has honed her bow hunting and survival skills in fending for her fatherless family, becomes an unlikely favorite in the contest.  But when her male counterpart in district twelve professes his love for her (either as a ploy or from the heart), Katniss is torn between her individual survival instincts, her unexpected tenderness toward some of her competitors, and the need to put on a romantic show that will please the Capitol and viewing audience.<br /><br />Although the future world of Panem is rather thinly sketched and the Capitol's motive for the Hunger Games is rather hard to take at face value, Katniss narrates with a compelling voice that hooked me from page one.  The prose is so crisp, clean and utterly addictive that the words seemed to drip right into my veins, with just enough plot twists to keep me a little off balance. In this way, Suzanne Collins had me turning pages late into the night, unable to wait to see how the rebellious Katniss would fare in this brutal contest.  Besides generating first-rate suspense, building to a wicked climax, Suzanne Collins uses a classic prisoners-dilemma structure to probe a variety of morality-based themes.  Billed as young-adult fiction, this first book launches an exciting trilogy that is sure to satisfy us older readers as well.
B000B8QG0O|5.0|My kids (ages 4 and 6) and I love this movie.  There is a little more adult humor in it (that goes over the kids heads, of course) and I'd have to say that I enjoy it as much as Toy Story.  Can't go wrong with this one.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|The Matrix revolutionized the action genre with its amazing storytelling and incredible action sequences. The Matrix: Reloaded continues the legacy of incredible action sequences; however, the storytelling has suffered over these years. In the previous film, action complimented the ideas the plot needed explained; the notion of matrix reality vs. actual reality was enforced greatly thanks to fights that culminated in short lines (\\"You think that's air your breathing?\\"). Reloaded faces the challenge of developing new ideas about the matrix as well as the reality outside it. Unfortunately, explanations come and come and come...Long conversations and speeches seem independent of the action in the film, and, as a result, the film has an odd pacing which contrasts greatly from the constant adrenaline rush of the first. I felt I needed a flowchart to fully grasp the characters and their places in this story. The confusing and tedious storytelling aside, the plot continues to be intriguing and I anticipate the third installment. The following of the first will guarantee this saga success, despite some problems.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|My God, this is the best Metallica album since And Justice and every single person who's writing reviews knows it.  Granted, Unforgiven III and one other track could have been omitted, but everything else rocks.  I won't review each song and I won't compare it to other Metallica albums, but I'd rank it up there with And Justice for sure.  My copy sounds just fine turned down low or cranked up loud, so I don't know what's wrong with some of these reviewers copies.  If you like old school Metallica and don't like this one, just go listen to the old ones over and over again because you ain't gonna get any closer than this forever!!!
B000YABIQ6|5.0|This is television at its most thoughtful. It is also exciting to see and hear such thoughtful commentary on *all* the episodes rather than just one or two [*Entourage*, any one?].
0757302661|5.0|This is a great tool for relaxing during pregnancy and labor.  I highly recommend it.
B00005MCX2|5.0|I've been working my way backwards through the Hawkwind collection after stumbling across the Greasy Truckers re-issue and being blown away by that muscular performance from 1972. I bought the 1999 disc after belatedly realising that it wasn't recorded ten years ago, but found it 'lite' with one or two exceptions [such as The Watcher]. I had avoided this [Space Ritual] because of the drippy cover but eventually it was time [or on sale]. It is very good. I'm particularly impressed by Lemmy's highly inventive bass playing and his interplay with Dave Brock's guitar playing. All in all, this has to be the standard against which all the other legit albums are measured. Where next....?
B000YIGNKE|5.0|This was a wonderful surprise!  I loved it.  it turned out to be, in my opinion, Jane Austen's most romantic novel to date.  Truly well acted, well directed and  pure Austen!!!! WONDERFUL!  You'll watch it over and over again.  BRAVO!
B00156ZWV0|4.0|Having enjoyed the companion Elgar set, I bought this immediately when it came out. It is certainly extraordinary value for money, at less than $3 per disc. I am less taken with the content however. Many of the recordings are choral works which are less compelling to this listener than V-W's orchestral works. Moreover, the latter are just not that exciting when compared to other recordings that I already possess. The organization is also rather parsimonious, and short works--often interesting ones--are tucked away amongst very different tracks, making listening more active than I prefer. So, not actually a disappointment but its not dominating the CD player or replacing other versions in my collection. Kudos for the presentation however; the Elgar box is garish, while this is rather pleasing, although it does of course fall for the 'Shropshire lad' conceit that dogged the composer throughout his life.
B00005MP58|5.0|There has never been, and never will be, a better production of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice.  Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle were perfection!  I have watched this dvd over and over again and was inspired to reread the novel with each viewing.  Mr. Darcy and Lizzy could not have been better portrayed and Firth now will forever be Mr. Darcy in my mind each time I think of his character.  Every now and then we are given a true gift in life, and this beautiful version of my favorite novel is it.  It has brought Jane Austen back into the limelight to be viewed and loved by the world once again. A masterpiece for sure.  Timeless! Wonderful!  Brilliant!
B000K7UBTI|2.0|I'm only familiar with Iron Man through older cartoons & the recent movie. I don't care (I never care) about a script \\"being true\\" to its origins. I judge a script on its own merit, regardless of how many literary liberties it takes.<br /><br />That being said, this was disappointing. The Invincible Iron Man purports to tell the story of the origins of Tony Stark and Iron Man and his first adventure, much like the movie. It doesn't - it almost completely skips over any setup, any character development, any comic relief, and jumps straight into the his first \\"adventure\\".<br /><br />This adventure, also, was problematic. Dragons, warriors, non-corporeal beings...not very compelling, and a complete mismatch stylistically with the rest of the film.<br /><br />Additionally, there was way too much romance, too much drama, and not nearly enough action. I thought the major advantage of making an animation movie was that the action sequences are more affordable. Why, on earth, would so much of the film be devoted to boring dialog?<br /><br />It did have some good qualities. The few action sequence were fun. The animation was good, decent production value. But overall, unless you're a huge fan who must see every Iron Man installment, I'd say skip this one.
B000GCFY0I|5.0|However, this was a fabulous book.  It really makes you want to keep reading.  It is full of action and suspense and has a very significant message!  I tell everyone I see to read it whether they love sci-fi or not!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|After a two-and-a-half-year tour in support of their self-titled 1991 effort and a yearlong hiatus, Metallica lacked direction over the course of the next decade. 1995's \\"Load\\" and 1997's \\"Re-Load\\" were, according to guitarist Kirk Hammett after the fact, \\"experiments in hard rock.\\" 1998's cover collection, \\"Garage Inc.\\" took a week to record, and the band only wrote three new songs during the following four-year period (although 1999's \\"No Leaf Clover\\" ranks among their best). Metallica then spearheaded a well-publicized but ill-conceived assault on Napster, bassist Jason Newsted bolted the band in 2001, and when creative leader James Hetfield checked himself into rehab shortly thereafter, the band hadn't written an album of all-new material in half a decade.     Metallica appeared on the brink of collapse. Naysayers were given more fodder when, in 2003, Metallica released the awful \\"St. Anger.\\" Twelve years on from the Black Album and 17 from \\"Master of Puppets,\\" it was legitimate to wonder whether Metallica had become a dinosaur act.     No more. \\"Death Magnetic\\" is fast, tight, extraordinarily long and full of complex arrangements. Gone is the muddled production and uber-simple song structures of \\"St. Anger.\\" Gone is Hetfield attempting to purge his demons through juvenile lyrics. And interestingly, gone is longtime producer Bob Rock, the architect of Metallica's commercial success and controversial career trajectory post-\\"Justice.\\"    While many reviews have been mixed, it's without dispute that \\"Death Magnetic\\" features several excellent offerings.     The album-opening \\"That Was Just Your Life\\" is a \\"Blackened\\"-esque slice of speed that will be a perfect show-opener. The lead single, \\"The Day That Never Comes,\\" displays the long-overdue return of the classic soft-to-shred arrangement found in \\"Fade to Black,\\" \\"Sanitarium\\" and \\"One.\\" \\"Suicide and Redemption,\\" while a bit long at 9:56, is a very good instrumental offering chock full of riffs, and the phenomenal\\"All Nightmare Long\\" is perhaps their best song in 20 years. Even slightly lesser tracks -- particularly \\"Cyanide\\" and \\"Broken, Beat and Scarred\\" -- far outpace anything on \\"St. Anger\\" and most everything else from the \\"Load\\" era. And yes, the already much-maligned \\"Unforgiven III\\" is in fact very good, providing balance to what is otherwise a brutal assault on the ears on the second half of the record.    Perhaps most notably, \\"Death Magnetic\\" sees Hammett finally unleashed. He's one of rock's best and most recognizable soloists, and much of his work on this album hearkens back to his playing on \\"Ride the Lightning.\\"    It's been said that this album picks up where 1988's \\"Justice\\" left off, but I'm not sure that's entirely accurate. Metallica has been at the top of the rock world for most of the last two decades, yet during that time has been mostly directionless, lurching in various directions that seemed to depart from the formula of what made them great. With \\"Death Magnetic,\\" Metallica returns to the speed, riffage and ultra-complex song structures that brought them to the brink of superstardom in the late-80s. At times, the band admittedly overindulges, as if they're going out of their way to prove a point to their critics. But overall, \\"Death Magnetic\\" is a very good offering, and exactly the record Metallica needed to make at this point in their careers.
B00003CXAT|4.0|Steven Spielberg's filmmaking career could almost be divided into two categories: adventure and drama. In 1993 he managed to release films in both genres. First came Jurassic Park, a science fiction adventure based on [[ASIN:0345370775 Michael Crichton's brilliant novel]] and then came [[ASIN:B00012QM8G Schindler's List]], a Holocaust drama based on the haunting book by Thomas Keneally. Spielberg's filmed versions of these two stories were groundbreaking. Jurassic Park set a new standard for special effects in moviemaking, while Schindler's List proved that Spielberg could tell a serious, emotional story.  With Jurassic Park Spielberg had to overcome the gargantuan challenge of creating realistic, believable, lifelike dinosaurs that would share the screen with actors. There were a number of approaches that he considered for bringing the prehistoric titans to life. His first idea was to use full-size animatronic robots for all of the dinosaurs, but this was too costly and too dangerous to do (not to mention highly unrealistic as it would have required years of technicians developing new mechanical elements). His second idea was to use \\"go-motion\\" animation (a variation of stop-motion animation, in which a model is photographed one frame at a time in order to create the illusion of movement) to create the dinosaurs, but this proved to be too time consuming and lacked the photo-realism that he was striving for. Spielberg then gathered together some of the greatest minds in the special effects field. He and Dennis Muren, Phil Tippett, Stan Winston, and Michael Lantieri discussed the possibilities. Dennis Muren, who had just worked on the revolutionary computer-generated T-1000 character in [[ASIN:B00008PC2O Terminator 2]], suggested that CG (Computer-Generated) dinosaurs might be their best bet. Spielberg was desperate for a quick solution so he told Muren to show him what could be done with CGI (Computer-Generated Imagery) and Muren shocked Spielberg with a film clip showing skeletal dinosaurs running through a field. A later test, which was even more impressive, showed a tyrannosaurus rex stalking for its prey in the harsh sunlight (one of the most difficult illusions to create because of  the precision needed for believable lighting, reflectivity and shadows). Spielberg gave Muren the go-ahead and film history was made. Utilizing Dennis Muren's computer effects, Stan Winston's animatronics, and Phil Tippett's understanding of realistic movement they set out to create naturalistic dinosaurs. They even consulted Jack Horner, an esteemed paleontologist, to assist them in their efforts.  In June of 1993 the highly anticipated film was released to eager audiences. Both audiences and critics were blown away by the most realistic depictions of dinosaurs ever caught on film, but not everyone was wowed by the film itself. Some critics felt that the story was oversimplified, that the philosophical subtext of the novel was lost, and that the characters were shallow and uninteresting. Even so, the film was a worldwide success and spawned two sequels ([[ASIN:B00004U8JV The Lost World: Jurassic Park]] and [[ASIN:B00003CXXS Jurassic Park III]]) and a boom in movie merchandising.    The story focuses on an eccentric capitalist, John Hammond, who uses modern science to genetically engineer living dinosaurs from cloned DNA. He plans to open an amusement park on a remote island near Costa Rica, where people can observe and study these ancient leviathans for a price. However, Hammond is suffering from legal setbacks. His investors have doubts about the park's safety, so Hammond invites Alan Grant, a paleontologist and Ellie Sattler, a paleobotanist to visit and endorse the park. Also along for the ride are Ian Malcolm, a charismatic mathematician and an expert on Chaos Theory and Donald Gennaro, an irritatingly skeptical and greedy lawyer. Hammond even invites his two young grandchildren, Lex and Tim, saying that they are the target audience and therefore perfect to prove the potential allure of the park. But it's not long before Malcolm is proven right and chaos engulfs that island. One of Hammond's employees, Dennis Nedry, betrays him and steals dinosaur embryos, which he plans to sell to a rival research company. In order to obtain the embryos, Nedry turns off the park's automated security system. Naturally the dinosaurs escape and Jurassic Park ceases to be wonder to its visitors and begins to terrify them. During a tropical storm Alan and the two children are separated from the rest of the tour group and their weekend excursion becomes a frightening struggle for survival. Can they survive monstrous predators from the prehistoric past?    Though the film doesn't match Spielberg's [[ASIN:B0008KLVG4 Jaws]] in its portrayal of complex characters facing a primal force, it does succeed as an intense sci-fi thriller that will stun its viewers. The talented cast includes Sam Neill as Alan Grant, Laura Dern as Ellie Sattler, Jeff Goldblum as Ian Malcolm, Richard Attenborough as John Hammond, Ariana Richards as Lex, and Joseph Mazzello as Tim. Other cast members include Samuel L. Jackson, Bob Peck, Martin Ferrero, B.D. Wong, and Wayne Knight.    The DVD includes the following bonus materials: The making of Jurassic Park documentary, early pre-production meetings, animatics sequence, storyboards, dinosaur encyclopedia, production notes, cast and filmmakers' bios, and theatrical trailers for all three Jurassic Park films.    I also recommend the beautifully evocative [[ASIN:B000002OOY soundtrack by John Williams]].
0375842209|5.0|The Book Thief is a must read!  It is written in a unique, rather brilliant style, having an almost magical feel to it.  The story is powerful...as the bare truth often is.  one of the best books I have ever read!
B0009ML238|5.0|I was introduced to Circus Maximus at their showcase at ProgPower USA 7 two years ago and became an instant fan... What they do on their CDs - 1st Chapter and Isolate is accomplished live and that is HUGE with me...     Both discs are MUST OWNS    and side note - some are comparing them to Dream Theater - I personally do not care for DT, they bore me... they try to cram too much into each song... so for me, Circus Maximus is for me what DT is to others... absolute and complete perfection
B000LPS3B2|5.0|This version is a little Darker than the American remake.<br />Also be ready to read Sub-titles, in the tradition of J-Horror flicks<br />this one lives up JU-ON & Ringu!!<br />I rate this DVD a 5 of 5 stars!!
B0013FNC38|5.0|We Sing, We Dance, We Steal further showcases Jason Mraz's amazing ability to write catchy and undeniably smooth tracks. His third disc follows up two smash hits, Waiting for My Rocket to Come & Mr. A-Z. What Mraz does on this follow-up is extend and expand upon his already incredible and fluid musical stylings. \\"I'm Yours\\" is the first single, a fun song that I'm always going to associate with summer of 2008! Mraz has the ability to create iconic songs that people attach with their own memories, and he is at his finest on this disc. Buy it, don't STEAL it. :)
B000077VR3|5.0|If you are looking for a movie filled with fun, romance and music, this is the movie for you! Although set in 1899 France, the story takes on a very modern feel with songs that everyone knows and loves.  It will have you laughing, crying, singing and falling in love over and over again.
B000000W3G|5.0|Smashing Pumpkins came during the grundge period but to label them in that genre is foolish.  Corgan has love for many styles and this opal gives you a glimpse into his schizo persona... A MUST HAVE FOR PUMPKINHEADS!!!  Each cd of a released track from mellon collie contains b-sides that follow (most of the time) the released single's theme.  What he lacks in vocals- he makes up in melodies and fantastic guitar licks.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|First of all, I just want to say this. If you want to hear something that sounds like Master of Puppets, go listen to Master of Puppets. If you want your favorite band to release the same album again and again for 25 years, go take a look at the AC/DC back catalog. None of us are the same people we were 10, 15, 20 years ago and the same holds true for these guys.  I like this very much. It's sonically dense, loud, hooky and sometimes even snarly. The songs get in your head and stay there, and the more you listen, the more you hear in the mix. (Unforgiven III is a clunker, but so was Escape, right?) Aside from that,the tracks brought a smile and a nod of recognition from me, especially the doomy intro to \\"This Was Just Your Life\\". The energy Metallica brings on this release is real, not rehashed, and that comes through loud and clear. Thank god they let Kirk do his thing here.   And come on, some of this is gonna sound great live! Show your scars!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|This is hands down the best since the well known Black Album but cuts short of being better then anything before that.
B000002UAR|5.0|After shifting gears with RUBBER SOUL, The Beatles turned out another classic album in REVOLVER.  Split into two albums when first issued in the US (YESTERDAY AND TODAY -- initally with the \\"Butcher shop\\" cover and then switched to the Steamer trunk cover of the lads -- and REVOLVER with less songs.  YESTERDAY AND TODAY used some tracks off REVOLVER'S UK release such as \\"Dr. Robert\\" and some 45 singles that had not been collected elsewhere such as \\"Paperback Writer\\", \\"We Can Work it Out\\").  There are a number of really stand out songs on this one: Harrison's \\"Taxman\\", Paul's \\"Got to Get You into My Life\\", John's \\"She Said, She Said\\" (reputedly inspired by an acid party where Lennon heard Peter Fonda utter the line \\"I know what it's like to be dead.\\").  Also are the eeriely sad \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" and the jaunty \\"Yellow Submarine\\" and \\"Good Day Sunshine\\".  Topped off with the grand finale, \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\" (a psychedelic song if ever there was one.)  A Good time is guaranteed for all.
1577316517|5.0|\\"The only thing that ultimately matters is this: Can I sense my essential Beingness, the I Am, in the background of my life at all times?\\" - Eckhart Tolle<br /><br />When Oprah Winfrey chose Eckhart Tolle's A New Earth as one of her book club selections, thousands chose to read his book in order to quench their spiritual thirst, answer questions about suffering, end conflict and discover their True Essence--awakening to their life's purpose.<br /><br />Now, as a reminder of the timeless truths found in Tolle's teachings, A New Earth Inspiration Cards provides brief, carefully chosen passages for contemplation, encouragement, and illumination.<br /><br />A New Earth Inspiration Cards includes four different card backing designs--all featuring our blue planet--as well as four different border colors framing sage insights from Tolle's book of the same name. This 52-card deck is packaged attractively in New World Library's unique magnetic box, with the lid doubling as a pop-up frame--which means you can insert and display your favorite card for meditation or affirmation for ongoing edification.<br /><br />Here are a few powerful quotations from A New Earth Inspiration Cards:<br /><br />* \\"Listen to people's stories, and you'll find that they could all be entitled `Why I Cannot Be at Peace Now'. The ego doesn't know that your only opportunity for being at peace *is* now.\\"<br /><br />* \\"Thinking isolates a situation or event and calls it good or bad, as if it had a separate existence. Through excessive reliance on thinking, reality becomes fragmented. This fragmentation is an illusion, but seems very real while you are trapped in it.\\"<br /><br />* \\"The quicker you are in attaching verbal or mental labels to things, people, or situations, the more shallow and lifeless your reality becomes, and the more deadened you become to reality, the miracle of life that continuously unfolds within and around you.\\"<br /><br />* \\"Accepting means you allow yourself to feel whatever it is you are feeling at that moment. It is a part of the is-ness of the Now. You can't argue with *what is*. Well, you can, but if you do, you suffer.\\"<br /><br />* \\"The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it. Be aware of the thoughts you are thinking. Separate them from the situation, which is always neutral, which always is as it is.\\"<br /><br />If you're not familiar with the teachings of Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth Inspiration Cards is a fine introduction to his profound wisdom. Those on a conscious path will be reminded to embrace stillness, remain present and allow what is to unfold. Those who have read A New Earth will welcome a distillation of its wisdom for continued enjoyment in the form of this lovely deck.<br /><br />(To see 8 images from this deck, visit the Reviews--Decks section at [...])<br /><br />-- Janet Boyer, author of The Back in Time Tarot Bookthe Now. You can't argue with *what is*. Well, you can, but if you do, you suffer.\\"    * \\"The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it. Be aware of the thoughts you are thinking. Separate them from the situation, which is always neutral, which always is as it is.\\"    If you're not familiar with the teachings of Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth Inspiration Cards is a fine introduction to his profound wisdom. Those on a conscious path will be reminded to embrace stillness, remain present and allow what is to unfold. Those who have read A New Earth will welcome a distillation of its wisdom for continued enjoyment in the form of this lovely deck.    (To see 8 images from this deck, visit the Reviews--Decks section at [...])    -- Janet Boyer, author of The Back in Time Tarot Book
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Dare I say this but this might be their best album yet.  I know a lot of \\"old school\\" fans will say that's blasphemy, but I'm an \\"old school\\" fan so hear me out.  This is the most musically balanced album they have ever produced.  That's part of the reason so few people liked St. Anger.  It sounded like all the parts were fighting one another.  You don't hear that on Death Magnetic.  Every song is TIGHT like it was 1 player not 4.  Kirk's guitar solo's are off the chart, James has regained the lyrical ability that was absent on St. Anger, Lars is right on every beat, and Rob is just an animal.  This album is a fast as ...and Justice for all, it's as heavy as Master of Puppets and it's far deeper and complex then any other album.  Its as if they went back to their roots and on the trip back they found their way forward.  No matter which Metallica album is your favorite there is something here for you.  If you like the \\"old school\\" stuff from Kill 'em All to ...and Justice For All, listen to \\"All Nightmare Long\\", or \\"Broken, Beat & Scarred\\"  If you like the music from the 90's (Black Album through Re-Load, listen to The \\"Day that Never Comes\\", and if you do happen to like St. Anger listen to \\"Cyanide\\", it's what St. Anger should have sounded like.  5 Stars.  No question.  This is the best Rock/Metal album of the year.
B001EW5FIK|5.0|&#34;While the physical deck has taken over three years to complete, from an inspirational standpoint, Deviant Moon Tarot has been at least thirty years in the making. It is not only a testament to my art, but a record of my life.&#34; - Patrick Valenza, from the LWB (Little White Book)<br /><br />I've seen hundreds of Tarot decks over the years, and I can honestly say there is nothing on the market that rivals the sumptuous textures, masterful artistry and utter originality of the Deviant Moon Tarot.<br /><br />For months now, several images of the Deviant Moon Tarot were posted to the web, capturing the imagination of Tarot enthusiasts worldwide. Many were clamoring for news, more card images and a definitive release date with an almost desperate excitement.<br /><br />Tarot fans, rejoice! U.S. Games has now unleashed the highly anticipated Deviant Moon Tarot upon the world! And let me tell you, if the exquisite, highly-detailed online images whetted your appetite, the actual deck goes above and beyond expectation! (After my deck arrived in the mail, I was almost shaking trying to unwrap the cellophane.)<br /><br />As Patrick revealed in my interview with him a few months ago, he created each image made by manipulating digital photographs taken of 18th century tombstones. He noted:<br /><br />&#34;I would explore cemeteries and abandoned buildings, taking many photos of textures or objects of interest to blend into my drawings. Rotted doors and windows became buildings and structures, while tombstones parts were fabricated into clothes, accessories, or even the citizens themselves. I like to think the photos contain some of the `spirit' found in the places I have visited, and that perhaps some of their energy will reflect in the cards I have made.&#34;<br /><br />As you can tell, the Deviant Moon Tarot blows me away. One of the reasons is Patrick's ornate and captivating rendering of the Aces. In most Tarot decks, the Aces are relegated to a singular suit symbol with minimal artistry; however, in the Deviant Moon Tarot, the Aces are lavishly illustrated.<br /><br />Replete with arresting beings with unusual bodies, moonlike faces combine with anatomy reptilian, humanoid, mechanic and alien. The King of Pentacles wears a crown of smoking black industrial chimneys while the King of Wands shepherds playful children with tree-like heads.<br /><br />In the amusing Five of Cups, a nagging wife reams out her husband for presumably spilling three of the cups while her hen-pecked husband holds his ears against her shrillness. In the Five of Pentacles card, a milky three-fingered and toed creature with pendulous, pointed silver-tipped breasts creeps around a building housing a giant peering eye. (According to the LWB, she is a woman of ill repute).<br /><br />The Deviant Moon expands on Rider-Waite imagery with a gloriously twisted perspective, reflecting common associations in dazzling patterns, striking colors, and surprising juxtapositions (e.g. a tree that bleeds red, a Page that has created himself out of spare parts and a sharp-dressed masked armless woman with a wheel for a left &#34;foot&#34;). The 9 of Cups, usually deemed the &#34;Wish Card&#34;, aptly depicts a genie who's just emerged from a child's magic lamp.<br /><br />Surprisingly illuminating, the 41-page LWB provides upright and reversed meanings as well as a brief commentary on each card (which is especially helpful for some of the puzzling depictions). Some of the meanings I hadn't heard before, such as the 5 of Wands indicating &#34;conflict with neighbors&#34;, the 8 of Swords can pointing towards censorship and the 5 of Cups revealing marital strife.<br /><br />The slick, glossy cards measure approximately 5  x 2  inches with a rather muted moon motif in earth tones comprising the reversible backings. This Premier Edition of the Deviant Moon Tarot also comes with a custom 17 x 20 inch spread sheet with Patrick's comprehensive 10-card Lunatic Spread.<br /><br/>I knew I'd love the deck when I got it, but I had reservations if such a bizarre yet stunning offering would &#34;read&#34; well. I'm pleased to report that not only is the Deviant Moon Tarot a solid reading deck, but also unexpectedly insightful. Even when I first began looking at the cards, phrases would pop into my head describing possible meanings for what I saw.<br /><br />So despite the unusual characters populating the world of the Deviant Moon, they still speak messages relevant and purposeful to discerning individuals. This would make a great journaling deck, too, as well as one for comparative Tarot studies.<br /><br />Art deck aficionados will want to have the Deviant Moon Tarot for their collection as well as those in the market for a decidedly offbeat deck. As reluctant as I am to say it, I don't think this deck will appeal to *everyone* nor would it necessarily be a good first deck for those wanting to devote themselves to studying the Tarot. However, the Deviant Moon Tarot contains amazing gifts for the beholder and the LWB is better than most for explaining card meanings.<br /><br />Patrick Valenza's illustrations are so magnificently dramatic and unique that I hope U.S. Games comes out with a coffee book version of this deck, as well as an array of related giftware and art prints. I know that I'd definitely be in line for all things Deviant Moon!<br /><br />(To see 16 images from this deck, visit the Reviews--Decks section at JanetBoyer.com)<br /><br />Janet Boyer, author of The Back in Time Tarot Bookd&#34; well. I'm pleased to report that not only is the Deviant Moon Tarot a solid reading deck, but also unexpectedly insightful. Even when I first began looking at the cards, phrases would pop into my head describing possible meanings for what I saw.  So despite the unusual characters populating the world of the Deviant Moon, they still speak messages relevant and purposeful to discerning individuals. This would make a great journaling deck, too, as well as one for comparative Tarot studies.  Art deck aficionados will want to have the Deviant Moon Tarot for their collection as well as those in the market for a decidedly offbeat deck. As reluctant as I am to say it, I don't think this deck will appeal to *everyone* nor would it necessarily be a good first deck for those wanting to devote themselves to studying the Tarot. However, the Deviant Moon Tarot contains amazing gifts for the beholder and the LWB is better than most for explaining card meanings.  Patrick Valenza's illustrations are so magnificently dramatic and unique that I hope U.S. Games comes out with a coffee book version of this deck, as well as an array of related giftware and art prints. I know that I'd definitely be in line for all things Deviant Moon!  (To see 16 images from this deck, visit the Reviews--Decks section at JanetBoyer.com)  Janet Boyer, author of The Back in Time Tarot Book
1600610234|5.0|After reading the author note at the beginning of the book the rest of the lessons fell in place.  Chiang goes into concept design so clearly that I started to wonder,\\"Why didn't I think of that!\\" (Chiang's 20 years of experience will make you FEEL like that.)  There is great insight into his process of science fiction design to the point where it made me eager to start some projects of my own.  There is also a couple of great Photoshop tips you can use for digital painting which was made to be very simple.  All I can say is that this is an excellent book/manual for anyone interested in creating their own science fiction art work.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|As a lifelong Metallica fan, hearing \\"Death Magnetic\\" in it's entirety put a smile on my face to say the least.  A far cry from what was heard on 2003's much maligned \\"St. Anger\\", \\"Death Magnetic\\" isn't quite the Metallica of old back in the saddle, but it is a step in the right direction regardless.  Witness opening track \\"This Was Just Your Life\\", which finds the boys pumping out some pure headbanging music that puts nearly anything heard on \\"Load\\" and \\"ReLoad\\" to shame.  \\"The End of the Line\\", \\"Cyanide\\", \\"The Judas Kiss\\", and \\"My Apocalypse\\" are smashing, hard, and heavy cuts that feature a good amount of the great guitar work from Kirk and James (something that was absent from \\"St. Anger\\", which is one reason why that album was such a disappointment in my eyes) that one would come to expect, and this time around Lars doesn't sound like he's pounding on trash cans.  Bassist Robert Trujillio, in his first studio album since joining the band, provides solid work as well, and the band as a whole sounds the best and heaviest that they have in quite some time.  Needless to say, having legendary producer Rick Rubin (who has gotten career defining albums from Slayer, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and the Beastie Boys among others) at the helm is certainly a reason for this.  The only real flaws of \\"Death Magnetic\\" are the disappointing lead single \\"The Day That Never Comes\\" (which sounds like a poor man's \\"Fade to Black\\") and \\"The Unforgiven III\\", which can't hold a candle to it's predecessors.  Also, \\"Death Magnetic\\" is a lengthy endeavor, which may not be such a bad thing for many, but there are times over the course of the album that it feels as if Metallica is meandering around.  Flaws aside though, \\"Death Magnetic\\" isn't bad at all, and soars high and above \\"St. Anger\\" in every respect.  And, while \\"Death Magnetic\\" isn't quite a return to form to Metallica's glory days, it is surely a step in the right direction.
B00000JRTX|5.0|I love this movie, Hugh Grant is fabulous!  Highly recommend this movies. A Must See.
B000VSBX34|4.0|It's a silly movie,really, but The Beatles are such legends. It's worth a look just for all the great music. Great for collector's of Beatles memorabilia.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was awesome.  I stayed up all night reading it!  It made me feel like a teenager again...
B00006GA48|5.0|Great memories here with all the songs I listened to growing up. For die-hard fans of this group. Great listening.
0765356139|4.0|i really loved this book.  good second installment to the trilogy.  the characters are expanded on, and as always, there are plenty of really great twists and brutal moments.   the ending was a serious cliff hanger.   i need the third volume now. i cant wait.  i really wish they didnt change the cover when they switched to paperback. the hardcover's painting was so much better.
159102594X|5.0|This is a wonderful tale with a number of interesting characters and a great story. Logen doesn't say much and we're told he is a major force in the battlefield, but he is obviously intelligent and currently well meaning (The second part of the trilogy will give you more). Joe Abercrombie's writing is graphic when it needs to be and insightful when complexities present themselves.<br />\\"But a sword has a voice\\".<br />\\"Sheathed it has little to say, to be sure, but you need only to put your hand on the hilt and it begins to whisper in your enemy's ear\\".<br /><br />Humor is never far away and Logen is watching Bayaz the Magi bent over the pot of boiling water stirring some strange conconction . \\"What is that? asked Logen.<br />\\"Tea. Leaves of a certain plant boiled up in water\\". Bayaz tells Logen that he's missing out on one of nature's greatest gifts to man.<br />\\"Calming to the wind, invigorating to the body. There are few ills a good cup of tea won't help\\"<br />*Logen put his pipe down and says, \\"How about an axe to the head?\\"<br />\\"That's one of them\\", admitted Bayaz with a grin.<br />After a fight Logen threw his sword down, point first. He had it mind that it would bite into the soil and stand there, swaying back and forth, but it toppled over and clattered against the dirt.<br />*It was that sort of day.*<br />The Bloody Nine (Logen) is watching Union men pratice in the distance, \\"....all that shining metal moving steadily in bristling squares,spears points glittering, like some great square hedgehog with two hundred legs\\". *Deadly enough, no doubt, but how would it work on those broken rocks, in the tipping rain, in a tangled wood....Logen was less sure.*<br />When Captain Jezal first spots Logen we get in great detail our Northern warrior's looks, but you get the feeling it's a distortion thru egotistical eyes.<br />Inquisitor Glokta once the pride of the Union is now a broken man in apperance, but pure evil in resolve.<br />Major West has a lot of baggage, but is honorable and is in for a life changing task.<br />The current situation , Bethod making war , back story and magic , Juvens, Kanedias and Khalul makes for a quick read. Nothing deep here, but a large amount of fun.he current situation , Bethod making war , back story and magic , Juvens, Kanedias and Khalul makes for a quick read. Nothing deep here, but a large amount of fun.
B0012BTBQU|5.0|the mood and tone of the work as a whole is very potent, and the world and setting sanderson created in this book is really awesome.   the characters are for the most part round and well-made. kelsier is incredible, and the Lord Ruler is portrayed in perfect mystery.     the magic system is also really incredible.   though a little corny at times, like the excessive use of the word \\"insane\\", this book was really enjoyable.   i wish they hadnt changed the cover art when they switched to paperback.   but yeah, 5 stars. i loved this book.
B00177Y9ZM|3.0|Like so many others I went into this not expecting to like it. I actually never intended to see it but for reasons I won't go into I found it at RedBox and gave it a chance. And I liked it. it wasn't perfect - not remotely - but it has a certain charm probably because of it's unrealized potential. It could have been great but fell just short. I see a few reasons for this but the main being 1) it was only about 90 minutes long. They should have given it that extra 30 minutes, turned it into a 2 hour movie and tied up a few loose ends and take us into reason number 2) character development. You want the relationship between David and Millie but you don't buy it as much as you should because it wasn't developed properly. Also, they attempted to make David not a bad guy - and I guess over all he wasn't - but they could have done better. The notes he left at the bank (which I missed upon first viewing due to the disk skipping) hinted that he was a guy with a conscience, and he never actually killed anyone like Griffin so that earns him brownie points as well, but they could have done better and showing just how \\"different\\" he was in regards to Roland's expectations of him. Now an extra 30 minutes to develop the story wouldn't have have perfected it. There were other scenes throughout that could have helped develop it as well but the extra time would have helped in some way. I know they mentioned possible sequels if it did well enough. The thing about leaving room for sequels is that while you may want to leave some questions unanswered to be answered in the sequel you can't leave EVERYTHING unanswered and I think this first attempt left a lot of things hanging, more than they should have. Still, despite these failings, I did enjoy and buy it. It's a fun movie and being a sci-fi/action/romance person, this fit my bill despite the weak presentation of plot. However I was grateful to the warning about the 2 disk edition since I've already got an iTunes copy. I'd hate to spend even more money just to double or triple what I've already got but not really come out ahead.
7119005901|5.0|This is the unabridged version and truly a masterpiece.  I was familiar with a very small portion of the history during this time period before I read it, so that encouraged me to try it out.  If you love epic stories, this is a great one.  Guanzhong based his novel on solid historical facts while adding some fictional elements in order to bring out the characters and events for the reader.  I've heard it said, and I agree with it, that it is 70% history and 30% fiction.  Addtionally, this is a must read for any fans of the Dynasty Warriors gaming series.  My recommendation is that if you have any interest in this period of Chinese history or stories of heroics and loyalty-to-the-death, buy it, and I guarantee that you wont regret it.
B000OVLBF8|4.0|Great movie, the person I bought it from was wonderful! I love Nic Cage and Peter Fonda was a treat. Please be careful with young kids, lots of cursing!
B000002U9Y|5.0|I read today that Richard Wright has passed away. Fare thee well, musician soul.    I always thought that his \\"Remember a Day\\" was one of Pink Floyd's most haunting songs:    Remember a day before today   A day when you were young.   Free to play alone with time   Evening never comes.     Sing a song that can't be sung   Without the morning's kiss   Queen you shall be it if you wish   Look for your king .    Why can't we play today...  Why can't we stay that way...    Climb your favorite apple tree   Try to catch the sun   Hide from your little brother's gun   Dream yourself away.     Why can't we reach the sun...   Why can't we blow the years away...     With deeply evocative singing, amongst a waxenly-flowing jazz-tinged deep-space sound, these lyrics reach toward musical transcendence.    Thank you for this special song, Mr. Wright. It is, to my ears, enduring Art.
031606792X|1.0|I picked up my daughter's copy of Twilight to see what all the hoopla was about. I was hooked right away!! Book 1 was wonderful, book 2 was a bit slow, and book 3 had me hooked all over again. So what happen with #4? I struggled to get just half way thru the book. Finally had to put it down and try again after a few days. Still no luck. The story line seemed to drag and lost my attention. I ended up skipping to the final chapter to see how it all ended....and even that was lagging. Predictable, but lagging. This whole story line should have finished in book 3. I cant help but feel #4 was a waste of time.
B0013V33DG|5.0|This is the first opera I have ever bought on DVD, and because it has been such a joyful experience, it won't be the last. I watched twice with my 3 daughters (10, 12 and 14 years old) and we were glued to the screen the whole time.<br /><br />It is set during WWI. A baby girl has been raised from infancy by a French regiment. She falls in love with Tonio, a civilian, but she has promised to marry a member of the regiment. And, of course, her long-lost mother reappears to bring her home. So - will the 2 lovers ever be allowed to unite ?<br /><br />The plot is light as fluff. It is a Comic Opera, so anyone expecting a serious spectacle is watching the wrong thing. One of the background sets is ugly, but utilitarian - and are we watching this to admire sets or the singing of Dessay and Florez ?<br /><br />Dessay and Florez sing their hearts out in this - notably the 9 high Cs in \\"Ah! mes amis\\". It is an absolute joy to listen to, and it's funny, to boot ! Dawn French has only a speaking role but is unforgettable as the irascible Duchess. Pop this in the DVD, sit back, and enjoy - even your kids will like it (and might even break out in song once in a while later).
141694737X|5.0|My 20 month old twins LOVE this book!  It has a cute story and they enjoy lifting the flaps.
1423101464|5.0|Book 4. All I can say is this book has to be the best one in the series so far. Rick Riordan really stepped it up with this book. As Percy grows older and more familiar with his powers, the monsters become stronger. This book is adventure-packed and hilarious. Though all the serious events happening in Percy's life are occurring, there are the funny moments. And, yet, Rick Riordan has put a new troublesome path in Percy's way with the hints of Annabeth and Percy possibly dating..... I can't wait for the next installment.
031606792X|2.0|I really loved the first three books. To begin with, twilight had this mystery and certain quality about it that just hooked you into it. Even it was a longer book, this was one of those times when you wanted it to be long. The length ended up being perfect with the first three actually. They unveiled certain things that were pertinent to the next book without tying everything together too soon. With Breaking Dawn I felt that Meyer might have been pressured to make all of her characters happy and to tie up any loose ends. I definitely wasn't expecting the length and how far she had gone to make sure everyone got their wish. I think that's what has made a lot of the classics so- classical. For example, Farhenheit 451 leaves you wondering where the main character is going to go and do now that his house and wife are gone and everyone is after him. Or The Great Gatsby and how a main protagonist is shot in the last fifty pages. It isn't pleasant but its more realistic and because the rest of the series had been about Bella and Edward getting everything they wanted I felt as though Meyer needed to put in something more, I don't know, real. Like in New Moon, it might have made readers angry at first but it would contribute to the overall tone and feel of the book.     If I had one wish about this book, I think it would be that it was MAYBE 300-400 pages (no more) and that it was just about Bella and Edwards marriage, Bella's life of getting adjusted to being a vampire, and maybe Jacobs coming to terms with it. To me, a main character becomes more likeable when they are faced with loss and fear and sadness. When everyone gets what they want, you don't learn anything more about them. The two problems with this book? Length, for one, clutter, and not being able to let the characters have real problems like loss, death, fear, pain, sadness.     I think I will just pretend that Eclipse is the final installment and maybe bury or hide Breaking Dawn.
0439813786|5.0|Pretend that you are an orphan living in an abandoned apartment. You keep fixing the clocks in the railroad station to keep up your \\"duty\\", trying to stay out of jail and stealing food and metal toys. Also, you have a mechanical man that your deceased father was working so hard to fix so you thought it your job to finish it in his honor. Crazy, right? Not for Hugo Cabret as this was the everyday life for him in Paris. Hugo had gotten used to this daily ritual until the shopkeeper of the toy booth had caught him stealing a toy mouse. Hugo learns that the old man and his godchild, Isabelle, the mechanical man, and a picture all are pieces of a puzzle. Brian Selznick is the brilliant author of this book The Invention of Hugo Cabret an enchanting, intricate, tender, spellbinding mystery graphic-novel.    An unexplained picture drawn by a mechanical man makes the life of Hugo Cabret a complete jumble. He just wants to know what his father left him, and instead, gets into more and more unexpected adventures. But with the writing and drawing from Brian Selznick, everything comes to a good conclusion.  Like Isabelle said, \\"You can make up your own story when you look at a photo.\\" With half of the book being pictures about what was to happen next, we must take Isabelle's comment into consideration. This is a unique way of storytelling using illustration as much as writing to explain what happens. Brian Selznick has drawn for other authors. For example, Andrew Clements's Frindle and School Story were both illustrated by Selznick. Along with a great author and illustrator, the book was a National Book Award Finalist in November 2007.  I recommend this book to whoever loves mysterious and moving stories, and great pictures.         Nellie C.  Grade 6  Ms. Kawatachi
B0017MO10U|4.0|I truly miss Stargate and feel Stargage Atlantis just has a poor cast and does not hold my attention (could they stop using the whining scientist all the time- yuck). So it was with great eagerness I bought Continuum and saved the viewing until a friend came over for a visit who also loves Stargate too.    We turned out the lights and watched it on my 55\\" flat screen like we were at the movies. It has all the big picture feel to it, so one wonders why it didn't go to theatres? The fan base is huge and I would have paid for it.    Anyhow, it starts off well, moves into the plot line and just kind of loses its interest. we are supposed to believe that three SG 1 characters just give up and go along with the powers that be. totally unbelievable. then they need them and call them back...lame. Claudia Black had a good time (doesn't she always?).     And they solve the problem of course, and end on a note of humor. It was good to see them all (dont expect to see a lot of Jack on this one)and its a high quality production but the story line could have been better and more in character.
B00005K3O4|5.0|Warning: Spoilers Ahead!*<br /><br />After 70+ reviews you may come to realize we go through many phases during the course of a year. Sometimes we have an appetite for action that can only be quenched by the likes of Seagal or priemer Norris which can last months at a clip. Other times we seek b comedy and sci-fi features. However for the last month we have been all over the world of b horror. We grew up on it so it holds a certain level of sentimental value in addition to many laughs with a few scares sprinkled in. Horror is what really built the strong foundation our b enterprise sits upon. While viewing week after week b horror one title came to mind that is absolute classic: Killer Klowns from Outerspace. We decided it must be done with immediate urgency and were very happy with our decision.<br /><br />The film starts out at the local make out spot in an anytown USA type area. We have our two main actors Debbie and Mike getting ready for some sweet action until they're interrupted by what appears to be a huge comet. As the bright orange ball flies through the sky Debbie decides they should go check it out much to Mikes protest. This guys trying to unload here and she wants to go see where the comet landed. As Mike thinks he must figure if he goes with her to check it out he has just bumped his potential of getting laid up into the 90% barrier, so he goes along with it. Now we cut to some old farmer who is a dead ringer for chuck as he see's the same comet. He gets all happy times because he figures he can charge people to see the comet thus earning him enough money to buy a set of teeth. He tells his old lady he'll be back, grabs the bloodhound, and treks through the forest. As he walks he comes upon a huge circus tent. So he's poking around while his dog lags behind. As the dog sits there barking at the tent one of the Klowns scoops him up in a net forcing the old man to have a huge freakout. While in full panic mode another Klown comes from behind and shoots him with his ray gun turning him into a cotton candy corpse. Moments later our Mike and Debbie stumble upon the tent and wonder what is going on. She's freaked saying something is wrong but idiot Mike thinks the circus has come to town but decided to set up shop in the middle of the woods. He talks her into going inside where they realize they're in a UFO. They stumble upon all the cotton candy and see that there are bodies inside. Like complete wackbags they start yelling which get them attention from the Klowns who chase them out of the ship shooting popcorn at them.<br /><br />Now Mike and Debbie run to the police station where they ask for help from officer Dave Hansen, who looks like a mix of Chris Hansen and William Zabka, and happens to be debbie's old flame. They tell them about their encounter with the klowns which forces Hansen out to the scene of the crime. Once they get out into the woods the tent is gone forcing Hansen to believe Mike and Debbie may have been doing a few batties. He decides to cuff Mike and bring Debbie home. Now throughout the film we have a lot of homo erotic tension between both Mike and Hansen. They have constant one liners to throw back and forth causing many laughs throughout the film. As Mike being brought down to the station they stuble upon a group of people watching one of the Klowns but on a shadow puppet show. Among this group are the Terenzi brothers in their ice cream truck. As they watch to show the Klown makes a shadow puppet of a dinosaur which eats the crowd in one of the worst special effects ever. Pure genius! The Terenzi brothers freakout and Mike runs out of the car to pair up with them while Hansen gets up to the station to rasle up some back up. Once at the station he see's one of the Klowns and opens fire. The shots have no effect on the klown as he steps close until he's shot in the nose. He starts spinning around in a very trippy special effects disaster ultimately killing him. Hansen now knows how to stop theKlowns and gets the gang together to find the tent and take them out. Once the whole crew gets there they make a plan of attack by sending the Terenzi brothers their own way to look for the klowns. As the rest of the crew searches they are met by roughly 20 klowns and hop up on some blocks to escape. They are being surrounded until the Terenzi brothers comes busting through the wall in their ice cream truck. They are then forced to fight a giant called \\"Klownzilla\\" which officer Hansen kills buy smashing its nose with his police badge. They have a big gay group hug and the credits roll.<br /><br />Once the ending came we looked at each other and said, this films got it. It is essentially the definition of campy b horror that anyone can enjoy. Well almost anyone. We saw a couple bad reviews that panned the movie really hard. What were you expecting from a film titled \\"Killer Klowns from Outerspace?\\" Did you think this would be an oscar worthy film? For you who panned this film you need to get over yourselves. Films like this are what keeps the movie business interesting. Who needs a serious movie with big name actors all the time? Not us, not Sid. It had just the right amount of terrible acting, laughable special effects, and great looking clowns. If you love b horror then this one has it all.g together to find the tent and take them out. Once the whole crew gets there they make a plan of attack by sending the Terenzi brothers their own way to look for the klowns. As the rest of the crew searches they are met by roughly 20 klowns and hop up on some blocks to escape. They are being surrounded until the Terenzi brothers comes busting through the wall in their ice cream truck. They are then forced to fight a giant called \\"Klownzilla\\" which officer Hansen kills buy smashing its nose with his police badge. They have a big gay group hug and the credits roll.    Once the ending came we looked at each other and said, this films got it. It is essentially the definition of campy b horror that anyone can enjoy. Well almost anyone. We saw a couple bad reviews that panned the movie really hard. What were you expecting from a film titled \\"Killer Klowns from Outerspace?\\" Did you think this would be an oscar worthy film? For you who panned this film you need to get over yourselves. Films like this are what keeps the movie business interesting. Who needs a serious movie with big name actors all the time? Not us, not Sid. It had just the right amount of terrible acting, laughable special effects, and great looking clowns. If you love b horror then this one has it all.
141694740X|5.0|This is a book that every single woman should read. It will amaze you at what kind of things women will believe when it comes to men. Very enlightening.
B001BKXUOQ|5.0|you people are nuts the only \\"soft\\" song on this album is snuff and that song is awesome. Just because slipknot has 1 soft song on the album doesn't mean they are \\"stone sour part 2\\". listen to the album a few times, this is a great release and definitely stands up to vol. 3.    5 stars [...]
B000ETQRCM|5.0|The best band in the world released their best album to date. Every album gets progressively better, as well as different than the last one. This should be the opinion of every die hard Pearl Jam fan. There is no best or worst album, they are all equally great for their own reasons.
B001DMJ9R4|4.0|This is more a review for the Diamonds in the Rough cd that accompanies the DVD(which is amazing). The boys for A7X clearly had a few songs that might have beeen quite the improvement on a few of the ones selected for their self titled, like say you could replace almost easy with girl i know or cross roads. The few covers on the album are good listen and this cd/dvd collection is a must for any true avenged sevenfold fan.    Now the flaw I found with the cd...the one I found is i love Avenged, Ive been listening for almost 10 years now and I love everything they do but the first song on the cd \\"Demons\\" is really hard to enjoy, it just sounds unfinished but that is probably why it didnt make the final cut for the album. It effected me enough to lose a star.
031606792X|3.0|I was such a huge fan of the twilight series but this last book is a total letdown, especially the ending. I feel the author did not develop some of the storylines very well. It seemed very half baked to me.  the story was good up until Bella became a vampire. After that everything went downhill. The author could have totally dealt with the problems that any newborn vampire has to deal with such as drinking human blood and just the transformation of becoming a vampire, but the author just skirted these issues making Bella the perfect vampire. In the book, Bella did not scream when she was transforming because she was afraid to disappoint or hurt Edward?? Come on!! And she only had one real encounter of endangering a human and that was not even good. She met with so many humans but she did not have any urges to kill them?? Huh!!      The whole thing with Charlie being ok with a complete transformation of Bella was just bizzare. I dont think any parent would want to see thier child like that. I was very disappointed. After that I actually put the book down and did not touch it again for another week because i was fuming at the story. It just did not make sense.      When i did finish reading the book I was like huh? the author filled in so many pages about the Volturi and the other covens but she did not actually have them fight. The book would have been so much better if they did have a fight. She literally wasted an extra 300 pages and our time with the whole Volturi thing but she did not actually have anything solid in there. If there was an actual fighting scene in there it would have been so much cooler; the reader could have experienced how the vampires would have used their special skills in a fight. I would have loved to read how Edward would kill Jane and all the other vampires choosing their respective opponents and defeating them. I think the author did not have the stamina or determination to make this into a terrific book. I mean just look at JK Rowling she tottally put everything into the last book. her last book was phenomenal. She ended her series the right way. Stephanie Meyers on the other hand ended the series really wimpy. she could have made this an excellent book but instead left it to be a puny ending to the series.
B000FFJ85I|3.0|I'm a huge AFI fan. I've got all their full length albums and almost all of them see heavy rotation in my stereo/CD player. All of them except this one, which might be their worst. It's not so much that it's a bad CD (it's actually kind of okay), it's just that it can't hold a candle to some of their other work.<br /><br />The biggest problem with this album is how detached it sounds. Maybe they're doing it intentionally (december...cold, you know) but I really don't like this sound as much as I like their older albums. Even StS was more warm and inviting. Their even older albums are even more so, with this gritty sort of \\"this is what we'd sound like in our garage, if only you could be there\\" kind of sound. But decemberunderground doesn't have that. It's too clean, too well-produced and the music is like a bland and neutered version of what was found on StS.<br /><br />One of my favorite things about AFI has always been the lyrics. They're the kind of things kids get tattoed on themselves, either because it was inspirational or beautiful. Their early lyrics were less serious and extremely relatable, while their later lyrics are poetic and gorgeous. Here, we're somewhere in between, and that really kills me. Davey's words (and occasionally, vocals) sound dispassionate and blunt, like a combination of both lyrical eras worst points. He claims this is his most personal album, lyrically, but I don't buy it.<br /><br />Speaking of buying, I wouldn't suggest buying this album unless you're some kind of diehard completionist. Stick with either The Art of Drowning or Black Sails in the Sunset if you want to hear AFI at their best.
B000PC6A3E|4.0|This movie is great!  I can't wait for Batman The Dark Night to come out on Blu-ray disc.
B000X97Z60|5.0|This album is amazing.  March of Mephisto is already one of my favorite songs.
B00065JTBA|4.0|I'm about half way through disk 3 right now and can not believe the songs on this set. with the exception of 3 songs so far I like all rest I've heard. I do like bon jovi, but I'm not a huge fan. that being said half of these songs are as good or better than the songs that did make thier albums. I got a really good deal on this I got it from an amazon merchant for $16.50 including shipping it was used, but it is just like new. definately well spent money. there probably is $60 worth of good music here though.
B001CD6FKI|5.0|Speed Racer (Emile Hirsch) is obsessed with racing.  Even as a boy (Nicholas Elia in these flashbacks), he couldn't concentrate on school but spent the day dreaming about cars.  Of course, he comes by it naturally.  Pops (John Goodman) designs race cars and older brother Rex (Scott Porter) is an up and coming champion.  Things hit a bump when Rex and Pops fight and Rex leaves home only to die amidst allegations of wrong doing.<br /><br />But racing is in the Racer family blood (no surprise with that name), and Speed seemed destined to take the crown.  After making a splash at a local race, he catches the eye of Royalton (Roger Allam) who is a big sponsor of other racers.  He promises Speed the moon, but when Speed turns him down, he turns nasty, threatening Speed and his family.  Now he'll have to team up with the mysterious Racer X (Matthew Fox).  But can they work together well enough to bring the truth to light?<br /><br />I hadn't intended to see this movie, but after I read a rave review, I went to see it.  And I'm glad I did because I loved it.<br /><br />This movie looks amazing.  The racing involves cars in bright lights zooming by.  That makes it hard to follow at times.  But I loved how it looked.  Even the stuff off the track was filled with vibrant color.  It was just made for Blu-Ray.<br /><br />Now I will admit the story starts slowly and is predictable.  But I got so caught up in things, I really didn't care.  In fact, I was sorry to see it end.  But when we reached that ending, I felt like standing up and cheering.<br /><br />The characters never get too much beyond one dimensional.  But I loved them anyway, rooting for the heroes and booing the villain.<br /><br />Even though this movie was done by the Wachowski Brothers, it isn't one of their adult oriented epics.  Yes, there is a moral to the story, but it isn't hit you in the face.  And everything is in keeping with the PG rating.  In fact, Speed has a younger brother who has a pet chimp, and those two steal every scene they are in.  I loved them.<br /><br />This is a movie designed for a foremost to entertain.  And it did that for me.  I can't wait to see it again, and I'm really hoping we get a sequel.hem.    This is a movie designed for a foremost to entertain.  And it did that for me.  I can't wait to see it again, and I'm really hoping we get a sequel.
B000OCXFCO|4.0|this is definately thier best album since so far so good so what. the vocals are much better than on some of thier alblums. and of course the awsome guitar playing they are known for.
B000002UA5|4.0|Am adding my 2cents on word of Wright's death...his keyboards and effects are a highlight of the \\"live\\" sides and these are the versions of these 4 pieces that blow away the studio versions: louder, more intense and spookier by far, they epitomize late '60s psychedelic rock.  For me, these are timeless and I'll be listening to them (usually on 'phones) 'til I can't hear anymore.  R.I.P., Rick  (BTW, skip the \\"studio\\" sides; they're self-indulgent, boring and a bad harbinger of excess to come).  One of the great album covers of all time too (loses a lot on a small CD case, tho).
B000LAZDQA|4.0|If Robert Altman had ever taken on the subject of sex in America in one of his big, sprawling, multi-character epics, the result would probably have looked a lot like John Cameron Mitchell's outrageous yet moving \\"Shortbus\\".  You get all the things Altman gave us in films like \\"Nashville\\" and \\"Short Cuts\\": lots of characters, lots of situations, a lot of sadness, but a lot of hope, too.  Of course, here you also get lots of sex, in a very graphic manner and in all its various permutations.  If you can take that, and if you don't mind a film that doesn't offer easy answers to its many characters' many predicaments, I think you'll enjoy this movie, or at least find it fascinating.<br /><br />By the way, if some of the sex scenes overwhelm you, be sure to watch the special features.  You'll be reassured to see that the challenge of those scenes overwhelmed, at least temporarily, many of the actors called on to perform them.  For some reason, it was good to see that hip young people up for being in an edgy, sexy movie could nevertheless feel a little shy when it came to actually doing certain things in front of the camera.  Maybe because seeing such trepidation on the part of the actors made the sexual problems of their characters, many of which involved shyness and discomfort, feel all the more believeable.
B001CD6FKS|4.0|This film was practically made for Blu-Ray.  Eye popping visuals -- the likes you've never seen before!  On the down side -- yes, it does run a bit long. And of course, the story is throw-away. Considering the source material, were you expecting Tolkien?    Just a couple important notes:  The \\"Digital Copy\\" disc is NOT compatible with iPods. It's only runs on Windows and is only compatible with Window Media devices -- which is a real disappointment. Also while this is a \\"three-disc set\\", only the main feature is Blu-Ray. The other two discs are DVDs (one for a DVD \\"game\\", the other for the digital copy).  Lastly, the features are pretty light.  I hope WB considers a extra-packed re-release. I'd gladly pay for a double dip on this flick!
B000002I6X|5.0|with more songs written than.... this guy can play, sing and write... this album is old but Sugar Babe is the must here for me even though I have to listen to the whole thing everytime it comes out of the jacket.  Charlie
B000GQWLBO|5.0|This is a great book for everyone!! Especially those who have had a hard life. I found great truths that have helped me overcome an abusive childhood.
B00004Y6NX|5.0|tunnel of love, skateaway, romeo and juliet, expresso love, hand in hand, solid love and les boys. This album and these songs are a must for truely haunting rocknroll melodies that are timeless...Crank it up, I just got the remasters edition and it is remarkable how much I miss these guys...Thanks, Charlie
B0015DYIH2|5.0|i absolutely adored this book. i thought it was absolutely ingenious...an amazing conclusion to an amazing series. though there were some things that could have connected to the story better, like the boy bella saw in her nightmares, this is probably one of the best written books in a VERY long time. this might even outsell harry potter...absolutely amazing book. five stars, hands down.
B000002LKU|5.0|A short lived project with a country and rockabilly flair a must for all musicians listening for MUSIC APPRECIATION..lots of great songs please listen don't let this pass you by..Again Brendan Croker is on board as well as Guy Fletcher.. Charlie
0736063684|4.0|Excellent book for the beginner or someone who has been training for a while.  The book has great illustrations and helpful hints with variations of exercises, as well as, warnings on certain injuries and how to avoid them.
B000002J6H|5.0|love the one your with... stills hits it on the head with his music and writing and singing... he is the man... a must listen to this album over and over please...Charlie
B000KRN07S|5.0|I first fell in love with \\"Sinkin' Soon\\", but have now fallen in love with many other tracks on this CD.  \\"My Dear Country\\" has become a new favorite, especially considering all of the political debates filling every TV station and Pub lately... can't get away from it!  There is a good variety of sounds and influence... some blues, some jazz, a bit of folk, and some hauntingly burlesque beats.  And of course, Norah's beautiful voice carries you through each song as if reading tales from a storybook.  I highly recommend this CD!
B000UA2SF0|3.0|Caught this show recently on HD Net and thought it was just okay.  It was obvious Meat was not at the top of his game.  Having seen it in HD quality was rather disgusting toward the end of the show... it looked like Meat had puke in his mouth or something chewed up and not yet swallowed.  What the heck was that?
B001BMKOZW|5.0|This CD has been in my player in the car non-stop since I received it.  It is FANTASTIC.  My husband and I both agree that there really isn't a bad song on the whole CD!  How much new music can you really say that about these days?  Every song is unique and gets into your mind and body, seriously.  Some will have you doing 80 on the freeway with your windows down and your head thrashing around.  Others will have you internalizing more, bringing thoughts and daydreams ranging from disturbing to inspiring.  The music, the lyrics... it is all perfect, and will have you craving it's sound from morning till night.  Get it!!!
B001DJ7PR8|4.0|VICKY CRISTINA BARCELONA is a film about youth, about self-discovery, and about the anything goes freedom and spontaneity that Americans feel (or try to feel) when far from their own homeland and therefore liberated from their own cultures notions about love and life. Abroad one escapes the tyranny of ingrained convention and habits of mind and one gives oneself permission to experience another version of self and life in another land, or such is the promise of travel.<br /><br />The problem with Vicky and Cristina (and perhaps with this film) is that Barcelona does not really liberate either of them from anything. Both seem too self-conscious and/or too self-occupied to step outside themselves and what they know. Both have a comfort level with themselves and each other that is never breeched. And so although Barcelona promises and delivers a certain amount of adventure, it does not really deliver either girl from themselves. During their stay, they are exposed to a passionate Spanish culture and introduced to a fiery tempered Spaniard but ultimately they both make the same kinds of choices that they made back home. Cristina (Scarlett Johansson) has always been an impulsive free spirit who starts things, loses interest, and does not finish them. It does not matter what country she is in, she is the same, and so the Spanish trip ultimately changes nothing for her. Vicky (Rebecca Hall) has always been conservative in matters of life and love. Although she is attracted to others that feel things and act on those feelings (like her friend Cristina) Vicky does not altogether trust emotions and is afraid to have them and, therefore, is never certain what she feels or if she feels anything at all. Vicky is very much like a classic Henry James male and she is driven by the same fear that drives James' male characters which is a fear that they are missing out on life. Although engaged before she embarks on her Spanish holiday, and apparently immune from the advances of strangers, she, nonetheless, remains fearful that she is missing out on something. Its really only when her friend enjoys a spontaneous summer with the painter Juan Antonio (Javier Bardem) and his former lover Maria Elena (Penelope Cruz) that she wishes that she too could live so passionately, so recklessly. The fact that she holds everything in is what makes her so alluring to the passion-drunk Juan Antonio. But she is who she is, neither Spain nor Juan Antonio have the power to changer her.<br /><br />And so there is something sad about this trip (and this film). Woody Allen is one of the few directors who gives us genuinely interesting characters and stories and that should be applauded. In this film the two main characters, Vicky and Cristina, are ultimately incapable of being anything but who they are and who they are is Vicky and Cristina. Whether Woody thinks that their inability to live or think outside of their own comfort zone is an affliction that is peculiarly American is not exactly clear, but likely. Marie Elena's view of the Americans is that they are too self-involved to really live. Of course Maria Elena who does allow herself to live also opens herself up to suffering. I'm guessing that with Vicky Cristina Barcelona Woody is perhaps analyzing the American psyche (which is what he does best) and that what he finds is a psyche that is firmly rooted in and addicted to self and that resists any kind of self-surrender. This seems to be the sober reflection of an artist who has seen and contemplated America and Americans for many years.<br /><br />Despite the location this is a very sober film and, despite a few well-placed laughs, also a very somber one.he, nonetheless, remains fearful that she is missing out on something. Its really only when her friend enjoys a spontaneous summer with the painter Juan Antonio (Javier Bardem) and his former lover Maria Elena (Penelope Cruz) that she wishes that she too could live so passionately, so recklessly. The fact that she holds everything in is what makes her so alluring to the passion-drunk Juan Antonio. But she is who she is, neither Spain nor Juan Antonio have the power to changer her.     And so there is something sad about this trip (and this film). Woody Allen is one of the few directors who gives us genuinely interesting characters and stories and that should be applauded. In this film the two main characters, Vicky and Cristina, are ultimately incapable of being anything but who they are and who they are is Vicky and Cristina. Whether Woody thinks that their inability to live or think outside of their own comfort zone is an affliction that is peculiarly American is not exactly clear, but likely. Marie Elena's view of the Americans is that they are too self-involved to really live. Of course Maria Elena who does allow herself to live also opens herself up to suffering. I'm guessing that with Vicky Cristina Barcelona Woody is perhaps analyzing the American psyche (which is what he does best) and that what he finds is a psyche that is firmly rooted in and addicted to self and that resists any kind of self-surrender. This seems to be the sober reflection of an artist who has seen and contemplated America and Americans for many years.     Despite the location this is a very sober film and, despite a few well-placed laughs, also a very somber one.
0375707972|3.0|This book delves deep into human psychology, lust, love and truth.  The character development is often weak but its message packs a strong punch.
B0015519VS|4.0|you should definitely buy Usher next one because I think he's getting better and better! :)
006112429X|4.0|Although it is quite clear that the author detests her characters; each one faulted with few redeeming qualities. Yet, this book is gripping & unforgettable.  The discussions that arise from the storyline will keep you talking for days.  The author is a bit long-winded and self-indulgent but she does write brilliantly and eloquently.  The characters are sometimes quite contradictory to themselves and often unbelievable but it still made for a chilling read.
1591841992|4.0|This book was an interesting read for me not only because of the presentation concepts discussed, but also because The back of the napkin aims to provide a complete framework to solve business problems.<br /><br />I think the book did really well on the presentation front, the goal of a generic strategic problem solving kit is not really reached.<br /><br />Dan does a great job convincing us that we should use our drawing/visual thinking skills that most of us have been neglecting since we started formal education. On top of that he provides practical guidelines to get going<br /><br />Have the courage to use a more informal drawing style (away from the computer) to get to the essence of problems, focus not on form but on content<br /><br />Help us think about what type of drawings are best to be used in which situations (who, what, when, why, etc.) and to what audiences (the visionary CEO, the detailed operations manager)<br /><br />As a problem solving tool kit, he provides useful tools but falls short of providing a generic solution framework for all business problems (which impossible anyway I think).<br /><br />Dan takes the \\"S-type\\"/\\"sensing\\" approach to problem solving, spread out all data, put in on the walls, digest it all to see the bigger picture. A way of data processing very similar to the human brain sizing up a new environment. This is actually a useful and fresh approach compared to for example strategy firms such as McKinsey, that apply a very targeted data gathering approach focussed on key questions/issues that have been identified earlier.<br /><br />Another take away for me were diagrams that try to summarize all relationships in a problem. Plot a variable on the x axis, one on the y axis, start adding bubbles in different sizes and different colors to analyze 5-6 dimensions in one diagram. Useful for solving problems, less for communicating results to a \\"cold\\" audience that is confronted with the material for the first time.<br /><br />I do think however that the book does not provide a simple step-by-step guide to solve problems, you need guidance for this. Running problem solving brainstormings around a white board requires a strong moderator, and picking the right diagrams requires experience. Hiring Dan's firm would probably do the trick, but the novice will find it difficult to apply the techniques after having read the just the book.<br /><br />As a presentation tool, Dan's ideas are highly valuable in a smaller group setting, where everyone can gather around a white board while the presentor draws the story \\"live\\" in front of the audience without any help of PowerPoint. For the big audience however, this approach is high risk.guide to solve problems, you need guidance for this. Running problem solving brainstormings around a white board requires a strong moderator, and picking the right diagrams requires experience. Hiring Dan's firm would probably do the trick, but the novice will find it difficult to apply the techniques after having read the just the book.    As a presentation tool, Dan's ideas are highly valuable in a smaller group setting, where everyone can gather around a white board while the presentor draws the story \\"live\\" in front of the audience without any help of PowerPoint. For the big audience however, this approach is high risk.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|I think this was the best purchase I've ever made because my 12 year old daughter has been in her room jamming to The Jonas Brothers since I purchased this CD three weeks ago!
0307276902|2.0|James Frey caused quite the scandal when he had to \\"come clean\\" about coming clean.  He wrote this memoir and received widespread praise for the writing and the amazing accomplishment in beating a serious drug and alcohol addiction.  But after being featured on Oprah, many that were involved in Frey's true story came forward to say that his portrayal of his experience was largely exaggerated and untrue.  He finally admitted that his book, A Million Little Pieces, was based on his life story, but was embellished and not entirely true.  With that in mind, I sat down to read what was still touted as an amazing book.    Frey chronicles his experience waking up after a serious trauma to find himself on a plane on the way to rehab.  His family, after many years of not knowing what to do with him, has found him on the streets of Chicago badly beaten and in terrible shape.  They are taking him to a reputable inpatient treatment center in Minnesota.  James goes through a painful detoxification process and cannot come to terms with his plight in life, how he got there, and if he really wants to be clean and continue to live.  The rest of the book is his next six weeks in rebab.    The story is, in some ways, engrossing.  The obstacles for an addict to overcome in order to stay sober are staggering.  Especially when overcoming the extent of drugs and alcohol that Frey claims he had taken.  He underwent oral surgury without the aid of painkillers because to give him painkillers would undo the detox he already went through.  He suffered violent bouts of nausea each day while his body adjusted to the clean lifestyle.  And he made friends with a cast of characters as he relayed the horrible life on the streets that he lived prior to being carted off to rehab.    There are two major problems with this book however.  The first is the prose.  His writing style is difficult to follow and frustrating.  It makes it difficult to stick with the story and annoying to read.  Secondly, knowing that the story was not completely accurate made it ring hollow.  It would have been fine if the reader was to believe it was completely true, or it would have been fine if it had been presented as a work of fiction.  But to read along and wonder what parts were true and what parts were invented leaves the reader with a frustrating feeling of being swindled.  This book had such potential, and maybe some can overlook his lies, but for me it tainted the entire story and left it feeling empty.
B0002VEPRQ|5.0|Fabulous. If you like singing, dancing, life lessons, and have an imagination this is for you
B0010V4TZU|4.0|I've really had enough of people criticizing this band because of how simple and \\"poppy\\" their sound is.  Creating quality, ridiculously catchy pop songs is an art in itself.  These guys write infectious pop songs, and they keep things interesting musically too by adding beautiful string arrangements, synths, and quirky, creative drumming.  This is a solid album that, as with any truly good album, does not necessitate the use of a \\"skip\\" button.  I've listened to this record dozens of times and it still holds my interest with every listen.  This band is not the most innovative indie band on the scene, but that's obviously not what they are going for.  If you want music that is more unique sounding, or less accessible, or whatever, then that's fine, it is out there.  This, however,  is just solid, fun, catchy music that really holds up over repeated listens. This band is light years away from the run of the mill pop-rock bands out there, and they have truly established their own voice in a flooded market.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|I must first apologize to the three people who said they were helped by my first raving review of this album, hopefully you aren't too mad at me. I have since deleted that review and have returned to make amends by, hopefully, warning others before it's too late. Although in my own defense I must say that the first few spins of Death Magnetic were quite enjoyable. I remember sitting on the passenger side of my wife's car, giddy with excitement and a little nervous too. I had seen the video for The Day that Never Comes just the night before, so I knew that the rumors were at least somewhat true; this wasn't re-reloaded, but what would the other 9 songs sound like? Well, they sounded a whole lot better than anything they had released for the last 15 years or so. So I suppose, after just a few spins (in the car no less), I rushed to judgement and wrote a great review about how Metallica had repented and returned to the flock, how that Rick Rubin had intervened and saved them from top forty hell. Well, here we are a few months later and I must confess that after listening a few more times (and believing for a while that I had somehow blown my home stereo speakers, only to discover that it was just a crappy production job) it has now rendered itself  uninteresing and unlistenable. The same magic that makes some albums \\"growers\\" after several listens, has been reversed and this album, which at first listen seemed to be an utter masterpiece, is now just a boring collection of riffs, solos and screams. Sure, there are some highlights here and there, but really most of the highlights seem like highlights because they're simply re-hashed portions of great things they've already did in the past. Kind of like cut & paste record making. The same formula was used as was used on great albums such as Ride the Lightning, Master of Puppets and ...And Justice for All, but it seems that the though the formula was tried and true, they used inferior ingredients this time around. Though I'm glad this is a return of sorts, it seems hurried, and piece-meal-like as if they tried too hard to make extra long songs with extra long solos and apparently tried too hard to make it seem extra loud (CLIP'EM ALL), I much prefer the production quality of my old Ride the Lightning CD which was originally recorded on analog equipment. In the end it's not their worst release, they have several others to that compete for that spot. But it's certainly not a classic either, I think even the controversial black album is far superior to this.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|Nothing much to add to my title, this is just an awesome show. I was a little sad that my set came in a plain box rather than the pseudo-zippo case mentioned in other reviews.
B000W91RUG|5.0|My husband, a doctor, recently watched one of the discs with me and was enjoying it completely until....  until he realized that twice in one show HIS words were coming out of Sheldon's mouth!  At that point, he said, \\"A little too close to home for my taste\\" and walked out - to go play a video game :)  Nuff said!
B000002U82|4.0|Dark Side of the Moon is Pink Floyd's most famous album, and one of the most famous albums of all time. It sold like hot cakes when it came out, and continued to sell well for several years afterwards. This was odd, because Pink Floyd were obscure until that point. Their singles did not chart, and they were not famous on a personal level. They gigged a lot, but they didn't appear on television and they rarely appeared in the newspapers. Imagine if The Flaming Lips' \\"Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots\\" had gone multi-multi platinum, selling millions, and that it was still in the charts today; that's how odd it must have seemed back in 1973, 1974, 1975 etc, when Dark Side of the Moon was out. Nonetheless the album had broad appeal. Mums and Dads could enjoy the thoughtful lyrics and tasteful melodies; hi-fi fans could listen to it on headphones, for the sound effects; sex-people enjoyed the melancholic feel and moderate tempo; thoughtful student types could use the cover as a means of decanting drugs. About the only people who didn't like the record were punk rockers, who hated it for being slow and grandiose. Everything about Pink Floyd is the antithesis of punk. Despite years of improvised free-form gigging, they had a reputation for being unspontaneous and calculated, proudly so. Dark Side of the Moon does not freak out. It is precisely the rock album you'd expect from a bunch of former architectural students, and there is no margarine on the guillotine.     It is a surprisingly sensible record, given that it came from a former psychedelic former space-rock band during the height of prog rock's mainstream acceptance. The songs are slow, but generally they don't go on too long. There is a bit of soloing on the second side of the record, but not too much, and it isn't flashy. The lyrics make sense. They are sometimes trite, but they make sense. I reckon the band had got tired with self-indulgent noodling on Atom Heart Mother and Ummagumma, two albums that were full of likeable but half-baked nonsense. There's no nonsense on Dark Side of the Moon. It's a set of songs with short, pointed titles; a weird mix of John Lennon's stark minimalism crossed with state-of-the-art production. On a sonic level it doesn't sound too dated nowadays. The drums sound dead and flumpy, but apart from that there's nothing that really screams of 1973. In fact, \\"On the Run\\" is conceptually a dead ringer for an acid house techno rave stomper circa 1989, with a drum loop (taped, rather than sampled), plus synth squiggles.    Dark Side of the Moon was written and performed by a group of clever, down-to-earth people whose brains were not clouded by hippy idealism or religion. It deals with weighty issues, but they are definite, concrete issues that face real people, and the band's lyrics are pointed and sensible rather than vaguely-worded platitudes. That alone separates Pink Floyd from most other popular bands, in any genre. See, most bands that have something Big and Important to say about Life and Death tend not to have the means to focus and articulate their thoughts; either that, or they didn't really have anything Big and Important to say after all. Dark Side of the Moon is all about life and death and madness and everything in between, but it never feels insufferably pretentious or smug. I never feel an urge to slap David Gilmour, whereas conversely I always want to slap Jon Anderson. And Peter Hammill. And Robert Fripp. Sometimes I want to slap Roger Waters, but not because of Dark Side of the Moon.     \\"Plans that either come to naught, or half a page of scribbled lines\\" is a silly line, because it rhymes and has the word \\"naught\\" in it, but it's a profound line as well. I reckon that most people can relate to it, because most people are useless failures who have achieved nothing much with their lives. I reckon that everybody who has written a review of Dark Side of the Moon without being paid for it can relate doubly, because if you're good at something, and someone wants what you have, they will pay for it. If you don't have anything that people want, you have to give it away. And sometimes you can't even give it away.     \\"Waiting for someone or something to show you the way\\". I reckon Pink Floyd was mocking the audience with those lines. In 1973 Pink Floyd had achieved more than most people; they had achieved more than I had achieved by 1973. They did not wait for someone or something to show them they way. They got into gear and worked hard to get what they got, to get where they got to. I think the lesson of \\"Time\\" is that your life will slip away unless you take charge of your life, unless you finish what you start. Ignore the starting gun, and run your own race. Who or what is your master?     You are saddled and ridden, like a horse. Society has put a saddle on you, and rides you. You must throw your rider, before he turns you into glue.     My personal opinion is that the album is clever, but it feels bit flat. It is the kind of album to think about and write about rather than rock out to; it doesn't work on a visceral level, it's like a think to admire rather than a blast beat manifesto. Meddle and Wish You Were Here have more variety, and are more tuneful; Animals and The Wall are louder and rockier and more bitter and angry; the other albums are basically from a different band. I admit that I cannot recall Obscured by Clouds, which is often praised as a modest prototype of Dark Side; I heard it once, long ago, and I have forgotten everything about it.     As I write these words, I am bewitched by the thought of eggs. I am hungry for eggs, warm eggs, boiled eggs. I want them so much. Later on I will make the dream real.
B000VZLN8C|5.0|The first time I heard this album, I thought \\"what did these guys do?\\"  Then I listened again, and instead of just trying to hear KISS as they always were (even as they got darker with Revenge), I listed to what they were trying to do.  By the 3rd listen, I stopped trying to hear what I thought I should hear and started really listening to the music.  What did I hear?  One of their best albums ever.  They really stepped away from the formula they created and showed that they have the ability to grow as musicians.  Who says they can't enjoy other types of music and incorporate those?  They did it... and if it happened to be at a time that the music was commercially viable, well nobody ever confused KISS with not being commercially smart.  They produced an album that matches up with the times, showcases their ability to change, and (IMO) produced one heck of a good album.
B000ZBPQEO|5.0|El sello EMI nos presenta las grabaciones de Herbert Von Karajan, el m&aacute;s carism&aacute;tico Director de Orquesta del s. XX, en el per&iacute;odo de su m&aacute;ximo esplendor. Yo tengo los DVD con las Sinfon&iacute;as de Beethoven y el Concierto para Viol&iacute;n (Op. 61)que son mucho m&aacute;s recientes, pero la intensidad de estas producciones no es igual, pues muestran a un Karajan cansado, ya en el ocaso de su vida, no tan din&aacute;mico como en los primeros tiempos, aunque, claro, estas producciones se benefician de los avances tecnol&oacute;gicos.<br />Esta colecci&oacute;n de EMI, en la que una gran parte es monof&oacute;nica, es importante por su valor hist&oacute;rico. El precio es muy razonable.
B00008G68W|5.0|I go to movies for entertainment, and unless the movie has been touted as a 100%, bona fide accurate portrayal of the subject, then I have no problem if facts are embellished. This is Ridley Scott's vision of Christopher Columbus and his quest for the New World, and he has artistic license to create his vision and in my opinion did so magnificently with this film. I never got the feeling that Columbus was made a hero by this movie. The portrayal I saw was of a deeply flawed, brilliant man who did in fact commit great wrong against the natives, and returned to Europe completely demoralized. A broken man. And enough about Depardieu's accent. I understood him most of the time and even when I didn't, I still understood at least what was going on. I thought his acting was impeccable. The character of Moxica in particular was mesmerizing; the scene in which he is hissing and sneering at Columbus while on the back of a rearing stallion, Spanish drum music in the background, is one of the most memorable to me. The scene was effectively shot in slow motion, which seems to be Scott's signature in all his movies. This movie entertained me. To say any more would enter the territory of gushing, so I'll stop here!
B0009FU0ZQ|5.0|I found this movie entertaining retaining some of the qualuties of the  older movies that you had to be an actor not just lay in bed most of the  movie and show you everything like pervert movies are now.   Only wrecked one car instead of 20 police cars and passenger as they do now.  No burning wrecks every 10 minutes.
B00000HZFH|3.0|This has some catchy tunes, but i was very disapointed. I can't get through any of the songs because they are just slow and boring.
B00008MLSH|5.0|In this recording, Anna Netrebko justifies all the kudos she has received in the past several years.  I have several other CD's featuring her, and this one shows her range which is astonishing.  I look forward to hearing her when she finishes her maternity leave and once again is on the stage or in the recording studio.
B00005MCX0|5.0|This is probably Hawkwind's finest moment... or maybe not.  Heck, I don't know!  The band has like, four very good albums in the early 70's that are all masterpieces of hard rock/space rock!  You decide which one is the best :)    \\"Master of the Universe\\" has a VERY Black Sabbath-like guitar riff, that might remind you of \\"Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath\\".  It rocks, it's catchy, and it just flat out *rules*.  This song SCREAMS classic.    \\"We Took the Wrong Step Years Ago\\" is another really good melodic song with a sad and catchy vocal melody.  I love this song a lot.  Quite underrated in fact.  Sounds like the kind of song that radio stations should have fallen in love with.  Maybe it's a good thing they didn't, seeing as how they overplay everything they get their grubby little paws on.    \\"Adjust Me\\" is pure weirdness packed inside 6 minutes.  It's probably the coolest thing I've ever heard the band do though, or at least, ONE of the coolest things.  Hawkwind had so many far-out and memorable moments in their underrated career!    The \\"You Shouldn't Do That\\" jam is quite freakin' brilliant.  It's jazzy one moment, and suddenly EXPLODES with crazy guitar playing the next.  It's quite spectacular.      Yes, it's an album you MUST own if you dig early 70's hard rock.
0060594888|5.0|I found this book by accident and what a happy accident it was! At that time I was in a crappy relationship feeling as if I was just keeping my head afloat with work, life, my daughter and the lot of it. As a single parent it's easy to give into the most convenient path and feeling like a martyr to boot.<br /><br />I had many dreams that I shelved or discarded because I was told (or told myself) they were unrealistic or that I didn't have the time or the money. The chief principle I learned from this book is that if you want it enough, you can make it happen! You are the only one that can.<br /><br />Since reading this book in January (it's now Sept), I am now on my way to earning my degree by enrolling in school, I've increased my income by 20%!, received a promotion, lost 30 pounds, broke off that dead-end relationship, cleaned and organized my house, became vegetarian, and feel empowered! There are many more smaller goals that I've achieved as well. I'm just amazed at how productive I am.<br /><br />The best part is that I now believe it's possible to achieve my dreams no matter what anyone says or what the cost is. I see now that all it takes is belief, willpower, and action. I wouldn't be 30 lbs lighter if I didn't find the time by waking up at 5am every morning to exercise. I wouldn't be on the path to my degree if I didn't enroll and schedule in the time for courses. I would still be waiting for the day...<br /><br />Other people have achieved their dreams, it's our turn! If they can do it, so can we. This is what Jack Canfield has ignited in my heart and I am so grateful for this book. It has given me solid principles and techniques on how to go about making effective change in my life. If I could bring one book to a desert island, this would be it.<br /><br />Since then I have given several copies to others because I feel it's such a great gift.<br /><br />I wish you all the best but more importantly, I wish you the happiness of making your dreams a reality..
B000ZLFALI|5.0|This movie is amazing... Only thing I didnt like was Bono on it, but everything else was good. My favorite songs are Let it be, Hey Jude, Dear prudence and the best cover: I want to hold your hand. The secnd DVD lets you see how they made the movie, a lot of good content. I still watch it over and over, not the whole thing but specific songs. I love it.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|When I was 12 I heard Master Of Puppets in 1987. It made a huge impression on me. It turned me instantly into a big Metallica fan. This was my band. They were my heroes. Then in 1991 they released \\"The Black Album\\" and while I didn't absolutely hate it it was a sign of bad things to come. Load/ Reload are two of the most disappointing albums I have ever purchased. Then  they released St. Anger...and unlike most old Metallica fans...this album raised my eyebrows. Sure, the lyrics were very awkward and James was still singing with that over emphasized voice he had developed since the Black Album, and Kirk's singing was pretty bad, and Lars' drums sounded like they were played on Korn's drumkit...all these things are true. But what made me take notice was that the rifforama was back and Metallica seemed to not be concerned with writing formulaic pop songs anymore...sure it wasn't as good as the first four albums but it sure was better than the other ones...it gave me hope...<br /><br />That hope has been realized in this album. Not only is this album on par with the first four but I think it's better than Justice. I've never been a huge fan of Kirk's lead playing...until now. These are Kirk's best leads ever! If  you don't believe me check out the solos on The Judas Kiss...sick. And James' voice sounds much more natural than it has in 20 years. Lars' drums sound more or less like classic Metallica. Rob fits right in with the others and has some nice bass lines.<br /><br />I'm not gonna say this album is perfect. The album title is lame plain and simple. Suicide & Redemption is not on par with their classic instrumentals and there should be a moratorium on Metallica songs called The Unforgiven...although the song isn't that bad the title puts me off. But taking everything into account this is the return to form I've been hoping Metallica had in them.<br /><br />That Was Just Your Life<br />The End Of The Line<br />Broken, Beat & Scarred<br />Cyanide<br />The Judas Kiss<br />My Apocalypse<br />...these songs would be at home on any of Metallica's first three albums<br />and the other songs aren't that bad either.<br /><br />...As far as the complaints about the mix...I don't agree. Frankly, those observations baffle me...could it be nit picking by people who can't accept that Metallica have made a great album? That's the only thing that makes sense to me. But this isn't an attack on those people. I just don't hear it, and I don't understand how that warrants giving this amazing album one star if those same people say they like the music on the album...shouldn't that be the most important part of an album...the music, not the mixing?at home on any of Metallica's first three albums  and the other songs aren't that bad either.    ...As far as the complaints about the mix...I don't agree. Frankly, those observations baffle me...could it be nit picking by people who can't accept that Metallica have made a great album? That's the only thing that makes sense to me. But this isn't an attack on those people. I just don't hear it, and I don't understand how that warrants giving this amazing album one star if those same people say they like the music on the album...shouldn't that be the most important part of an album...the music, not the mixing?
B000NVIXDW|5.0|I love this CD. He is smooth, sexy, and romantic with a fun bounce. You will not be disappointed.Buy it!
B001BKXUOQ|5.0|This album is a very good record. After seeing them live in VA Beach, on the Mayhem Fest, you can tell they are wicked live. Every song on here is great and it's well worth the purchase. especially on amazon. they shipped it to me the day it came out (Aug 26, 08) I was very happy 'bout that!  I love all there album's so i can't pick a favorite but this is well worth the money. If you like this album go see them live man! you wont be disappointed!       -DCT, Maggot from South Hill, VA
B00005JNJV|4.0|I'll keep it short. Michael Caine is incredible, Christian Bale is... Passable. On the whole, the director does a great job creating a more realistic setup for the Batman character - a huge task, but a satisfying attempt.
0810994739|5.0|I bought this book for my 10yr old son. He loved it and my 2 daughters (9 & 14) loved it to. I also found myself reading it. Great Book lots of fun.
B00008BLB8|5.0|If you lived in the suburbs, they issued this albumn along with Frampton Comes Alive (ok, apologies to Wayne and Garth.....)!!!    But serious, this album along with Frampton defined live albums.  I knew people who had no idea who Grand Funk was and yet still owned this album.  Now if they can only have concerts like this today....    Great album, if you don't have it, get it!  You will not be disappointed!!!
0810993139|5.0|I bought this book for my 10yr old son. He loved it and my 2 daughters (9 & 14) loved it to. I also found myself reading it. Great Book lots of fun.
B000KRNG5E|4.0|Like millions of other Dario Argento fans, I am eagerly awaiting the American release of \\"The Mother of Tears.\\"  In the meantime, I decided to review the first two films in the Three Mothers Trilogy.  The first film, \\"Suspiria,\\" was based on Mater Suspiriorum, the Mother of Sighs.  The second film, \\"Inferno,\\" is based on Mater Tenebrarum, the Mother of Shadows.<br /><br />  In the prologue of \\"Inferno,\\" viewers are introduced to the novel The Three Mothers.  However, they soon learn that it is not a work of fiction.  The Three Mothers (actually they are sisters) are witches.  An architect, E. Varelli, built each one a gothic mansion in different parts of the world.  Death and destruction have always surrounded these mansions.<br /><br />  A young poet, Rose Elliot (Irene Miracle of \\"Midnight Express\\" and \\"Puppet Master\\") lives in New York.  She buys The Three Mothers and suspects that the apartment building in which she lives belongs to the Mother of Shadows.  Disturbed by the book's contents, she mails a letter to her brother Mark (Leigh McCloskey of \\"Dallas\\" fame).  Soon people around them begin dying in gruesome manners, murdered by an unseen assailant.<br /><br />  There are many similarities between \\"Suspiria\\" and \\"Inferno.\\"  First, and foremost, is the fact that they were both directed by the Italian Hitchcock, Dario Argento.  Both have gorgeous, elaborate sets that are filmed in a dreamlike palette of primary colors of reds and blues.  In \\"Suspiria,\\" the house was a ballet school with students as victims.  The house of \\"Inferno\\" is an apartment building and its wealthy tenants are victimized.  Both have gruesome death sequences involving animals.  In \\"Suspiria,\\" a blind man is attacked and killed by his seeing eye dog.  Rats and cats attack tenants of \\"Inferno.\\"  Both films have great musical scores to accentuate the violence.  The endings are fiery.<br /><br />  Furthermore, Alida Valli, who starred in \\"Suspiria,\\" returns for another evil role.  Daria Nicolodi who co-wrote the script for \\"Suspiria\\" has a supporting role as well.  She was the long-time girlfriend of Dario Argento and also starred in his giallo mega hit \\"Deep Red.\\"  She starred in other films of his as well such as \\"Phenomena,\\" \\"Tenebre,\\" and \\"Opera.\\"<br /><br />  Unfortunately, \\"Inferno\\" never enjoyed the same success as \\"Suspiria.\\"  This is partly due to its ending which seemed contrived.  It was very difficult to understand.  However, sometimes dreams, or nightmares, can be difficult to comprehend.  If we approach \\"Inferno\\" as a nightmare, then anything is possible.<br /><br />  It will be very interesting to view \\"The Mother of Tears\\" for the first time and look for similarities between it and the first two installments of the Three Mothers Trilogy.  In the meantime, sit back and enjoy the visual roller coaster ride from Hell that is \\"Inferno.\\"script for \\"Suspiria\\" has a supporting role as well.  She was the long-time girlfriend of Dario Argento and also starred in his giallo mega hit \\"Deep Red.\\"  She starred in other films of his as well such as \\"Phenomena,\\" \\"Tenebre,\\" and \\"Opera.\\"        Unfortunately, \\"Inferno\\" never enjoyed the same success as \\"Suspiria.\\"  This is partly due to its ending which seemed contrived.  It was very difficult to understand.  However, sometimes dreams, or nightmares, can be difficult to comprehend.  If we approach \\"Inferno\\" as a nightmare, then anything is possible.        It will be very interesting to view \\"The Mother of Tears\\" for the first time and look for similarities between it and the first two installments of the Three Mothers Trilogy.  In the meantime, sit back and enjoy the visual roller coaster ride from Hell that is \\"Inferno.\\"
B001CD6FKS|5.0|I loved this in the theaters and let me say, it looks AMAZING on Bluray. Supposedly it is on a BD 25, well I would never have know the difference between a 25 and 50 BD disc. Half the storage capacity I assume.<br /><br />It looks amazing, the colors POP. As for the Lossless HD audio, WHO has a lossless audio reciever? Not me and I doubt less then 1% of 1% of the human population has that, so who cares. It sounds JUST FINE and LOUD on a DTS 5.1 system with a subwoofer.<br /><br />SR is a fun ride, eye candy, over all an enjoyable time at the movies.
B0018SJO4G|5.0|[[ASIN:B0018SJO4G The Moonstone by Wilkie Collins]]    The Moonstone is an engaging work. The book is very enjoyable and memorable. The Moonstone is considered the first detective novel ever written.
B00122J3B2|4.0|The MP3 download here is the first disk only, of two.  It does appear to be the remastered version, and the sound is strong and delicate.  Missing is disk two's inventive outakes and experiments along with the Beach Boys cover \\"Farmers Daughter\\" and the great 7-minute version of \\"Sara\\", which on the first disk here is the fine 4:40 edit version.  Go beat your drum.
031606792X|5.0|The whole series is great.  It's hard to put down from beginning to end.  Wish it wasn't the last book in the series.
B000093BDX|5.0|This CD opens with the classic Beach Boys song, \\"California Girls\\".  It is the song that the group usually opens their live concerts with.  Very cool.  All their good songs are in this CD.  Highly recommended.
0316776963|4.0|I bought this book for one of my Writing Arts classes and I had never heard of David Sedaris. I thought the book was awesome, very funny, and worth the money. I would definitely recommend it to others!
0786852550|4.0|At one of my summer camps I had noticed a young lady of 12 reading this book, during lunch. I make a habit of asking the children about camp; what they like most, and least - that sort of thing, for the sake of improving what, honestly, is very difficult, camp is that good. I asked about the book she was reading, and she provided the nicest positive thoughts: about the characters, the story, etc. Being a fan of this genre of book I decided, as a result of her recommendation, to read the book. Wow! Never underestimate children. Wow! A very excellent adventure indeed. No need for me to reveal any of it as the other reviewers have already accomplished that. True, there are demons, magicians, and ordinary people, a variety of good and bad. That's similar to what is real in this world of ours. Good usually wins - I like that. Mr. Stroud did good too.
0307269752|5.0|The first of a trilogy (Millennium), Swedish author and journalist Larsson's debut thriller succeeds on so many levels it's hard to know where to begin.<br /><br />First off, it's an absolute page-turner. But the characters are so fascinating and the clear, understated writing so graceful, you are going to want to savor it. A dilemma.<br /><br />The plot is complex, involving corrosive family secrets, gruesome serial killings, business chicanery on a grand scale, journalistic ethics and government paternalism. All of it seamlessly interwoven through the characters of the two protagonists.<br /><br />As the book opens Mikael Blomqvist, an investigative business journalist and co-owner of the business magazine \\"Millennium,\\" has just been convicted of libeling powerful financier Hans-Erik Wennerstrom, sentenced to a few months jail time and fined a crippling sum. His struggling magazine has lost its credibility and Blomqvist will likely lose his lovely apartment as well as his livelihood.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Lisbeth Salander, a fierce, tiny, anorexic-looking, punk-dressing, tattooed genius investigator whose ferocious independence belies her fragile appearance, has just completed a report on Blomqvist for the security firm that employs her. She's filleted his life - ethics, sex life, finances, prospects - and delivered a suspicion of her own on the libel case.<br /><br />The report goes to childless Henrik Vanger, wealthy patriarch of an insular, squabbling family dynasty, a decayed giant in steel, mining, textiles and more. Henrik wants to hire Blomqvist to write the Vanger family history - a tale rife with Nazis, batterers and drunks - as a pretext to investigating the disappearance of his beloved niece Harriet in 1966 at age 16.<br /><br />It's a \\"locked island\\" mystery. The Hedeby Island family compound in the remote north of Sweden connects to the mainland by one bridge. It was blocked by an accident. All boats were accounted for. Which leaves about 40 suspects, most of them family, most of them cleared or deceased. But each year on his birthday Vanger receives a pressed flower - a taunting, macabre reminder of the pressed flowers Harriet used to give him. The murderer - Vanger is convinced she has been murdered - is still alive.<br /><br />So why does Blomqvist take this hopeless case? The money and quiet isolation are attractive but Vanger sweetens the deal by promising to deliver incontrovertible proof of Wennerstrom's criminality.<br /><br />Blomqvist, shocked by the intense cold and meager winter light of Hedeby, moves into a guesthouse and begins to meet the family. He falls into a dalliance with one of Harriet's contemporaries, daughter of the last Vanger Nazi, a 90-plus recluse who still lives on the island, sidesteps Harriet's ancient viper of a mother - her father died in a drunken accident the year before Harriet disappeared - and has a congenial dinner with Martin Vanger, current CEO of the Vanger companies and Harriet's brother.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Salander needs all her considerable skills to reclaim her life from an abusive state-appointed guardian. The narrative swings between Blomqvist and Salander and while the Blomqvist part is absorbing and intricate, the Salander part is violent, scary, and sharply humorous.<br /><br />Eventually Blomqvist makes an unexpected breakthrough and needs a researcher. Who better than the person who put together such an expert dossier on him? And here the book really comes together. Apart, Blomqvist and Salander are fine individuals, quite capable of engaging our attention (well, Salander is electrifying), together they are fascinating.<br /><br />Blomqvist's perceptiveness blooms and Salander's edgy brilliance shines. Where others are baffled by Salander or tend to underestimate her, Blomqvist recognizes Aspergers and spots talents that Salander has kept secret all her life. As Salander lets some of her defenses fall, a partnership develops that allows leaps of deduction and intuition, working up to a nail-biting conclusion and a denouement that kick-starts a new set of problems - to be faced in the second book, \\"The Girl Who Played with Fire,\\" which, sadly, will not be available until next year.<br /><br />More sadly, Larsson did not live to see the success of his trilogy - which is already a bestseller in non-English speaking Europe. (Why the English translations are being published so much later than German, French, Norwegian, Italian, etc. is a mystery). An anti-right-wing activist and journalist (perhaps a bit like Blomqvist), he died in 2004 of a heart attack at age 50, just after delivering all three manuscripts.<br /><br />With its Swedish sensibilities, northern atmosphere (especially in below frigid winter), and riveting characters, this book is for anyone who has ever read a crime story.new set of problems - to be faced in the second book, \\"The Girl Who Played with Fire,\\" which, sadly, will not be available until next year.    More sadly, Larsson did not live to see the success of his trilogy - which is already a bestseller in non-English speaking Europe. (Why the English translations are being published so much later than German, French, Norwegian, Italian, etc. is a mystery). An anti-right-wing activist and journalist (perhaps a bit like Blomqvist), he died in 2004 of a heart attack at age 50, just after delivering all three manuscripts.    With its Swedish sensibilities, northern atmosphere (especially in below frigid winter), and riveting characters, this book is for anyone who has ever read a crime story.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|Few if any concept albums are worth a grain of salt The Wall being the head honcho of the bunch. There was a story being told there. There was also a visual aide of being made into a movie as well as w/ Tommy. What story is actually bieng told in Nostradamus?? To my ears its more like a cd inspired by the idea of Nostradamus not a tale of his life. I just saw the video of Gods of war I think it was and even that didn't relate to much of anything - just a cast of a thousand different computer generated warriors breathing fire! I do like \\"Alone\\" on its own(no pun intended) and that is the only track that remains w/ me after owning it for months. I feel like they focused too hard on making a concept cd that it fails on both  musical and lyrical fronts. The keyboards in Turbo were used in a cheesy 80's way, here they were supposed to add a theatrical air to it - Again not to the best end. Just to say it has keyboards and thats why it sucks - is stupid. It sucks for many other reasons than that. There is still talent there but all this mid-tempo stuff is not their forte by any stretch.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|Supernatural   Is an awesome show which both my husband and I love to watch so if you have seen Season 1 - Season 2 is even better.  Cant wait for Season 3 to arrive in the mail.
0143038419|4.0|Although at times a little \\"woohoo\\", this author lays it all on the line to find life's perfect balance. Too bad most of us don't have a bottomless checkbook where we can also go \\"find ourselves\\" in India, Italy, etc. Where's my passport??????
B001YYQ9SS|4.0|Below is my original review written for the 2-disc special edition dvd version of Advent Children, which is quite different from Advent Children Complete.  My review for the Advent Children Complete Bluray follows the original review (in which I've changed my mind about the film quite a bit).  ________________________________________________________________________  Original Advent Children DVD review:    Sigh. I loved FF7. I still play it even today. It's one of my most cherished games. Imagine my excitement when I first heard about a movie sequel to one of my favorite games. I kept my eye on the forums for every scrap of information about the movie before it came out. I was excited. So, why the 2-star review? Well, that would be because of the major disappointment that this movie really is. When I first watched it I thought it was a great movie, I loved it; it was awesome.  Then I watched it a second time and actually felt bored and disinterested - I could barely sit through it. Then it dawned on me; if this movie were actually good, I wouldn't be having such a hard time sitting through it.     WARNING! Spoilers be ahead!!!!!     First of all, the plot is a mess. I've overplayed FF7 (as you should know from what I said earlier), so I understand what the references in the movie meant. I don't need to be told who \\"mother\\" is or the significance of Sephiroth's return.  I understand these things.  So, my dislike for the plot is not based on my ignorance of in-game references, it's based on the fact that the plot stinks. I mean why would there suddenly be all these new Sephiroth clones? Didn't the resurrection of Sephiroth seem forced? Rufus really should've stayed dead (although I love his character and was secretly delighted to see him; according to the plot, keeping him dead makes more sense). Speaking of which, did anyone notice that Aeris (who should've been completely dead and returned to the planet) became a sort of Deus ex Machina that completely resolved all plot problems at the end? Overall, the entire movie ended with me feeling that nothing significant took place at all. I don't really feel that this movie added to the story of the game; it feels more like a tacked-on money-making excuse to exploit FF7 fans. Should've called it \\"Final Fantasy VII: Advent of the Money-Making Sequel\\".     Furthermore, what happened to all my beloved characters?! Cloud is strangely guilty about Aeris's death when he gave no indication of this feeling in the game. He was sad (appropriately) but not guilty. Also, they turned Tifa into a nagging wench. Why? I used to like her (still do in the game). All she does the entire movie is nag Cloud about this and that--you'd think that saving the world ought to merit you some free time, but no, Tifa demands he do all the things she wants. As for the other characters, you barely see them at all. Not to mention, that ridiculous scene where they all take turns throwing each other upward is laughable. Speaking of which, the battle scenes are ridiculously full of slow-motion and gravity-defying nonsense. I can stand a couple unrealistically high jumps, but the only one who should be able to fly is Vincent.     The only real high point to this movie is the beautiful graphics (that's what earns this 2 stars). The graphics are stunning, and lend themselves to making excellent computer wallpapers. But, honestly, given the quality of the rest of this movie, Square-Enix really should have just released a software bundle of some fancy wallpapers and screensavers for all the FF7 fans out there.  ________________________________________________________________________  Advent Children Complete Review:    When I first purchased Advent Children (I had the two disc special edition), I was greatly disappointed with the film.  I sat down and wrote a scathing review in anger.  You have to understand, I'm a huge FF7 fan.  I spent an entire year in anticipation of this film; I posted in a forum devoted to this very film every other day for a whole year like an obsessive, crazed nutter who desperately needed to get a life.  Me and the people on that thread spent all our time dissecting trailers and speculating wildly about this film; we even had the identity of the \\"sheeted wheelchair person\\" figured out long before the film's release.  So, you can kind of see the level of \\"fan-ness\\" I was at.  All that being said, it kind of makes sense why I was so disappointed--nothing in existence could possibly live up to hype and expectations like that.  In many ways, I shot myself in the foot by staying on that forum and obsessing like a psycho.  If only I'd never even heard of the film until it released, I could have picked it up and enjoyed it for the first time with a fresh perspective.  Then maybe I would've seen it for what it is: a fan-servicey action flick starring the cast of FF7.  I was expecting a moving drama that would shake the heavens and earth and make me weep tears of joy and sadness all at the same time.  It's no wonder I was disappointed, but, if you take it as a simple action flick designed to please a bunch of fans, it's surprisingly good.    The Complete version does a lot to fix my complaints from the original review.  I feel like the plot is more fluid now and makes better sense.  Even though they still don't quite explain where those three Sephiroth clones came from, I've completely changed my mind about some of my earlier complaints.  I no longer feel like bringing Rufus back was a mistake.  His character has been really built upon and I now feel like his character development is a poignant part of the story rather than a cheap attempt at fan service (not that there isn't fan service in droves, but I'll get to that later).  I no longer feel so irritated that Zack and Aeris appeared despite the fact that they are supposed to be dead because it now fits in with the theme of the movie (i.e. past memories, life and death, etc).  I also feel like Cloud's behavior is muchbetter explained in this version.  Also, the fight scenes are more interesting and better developed.    Some of my complaints still stand though.  Tifa still strikes me as a nagging wench (although I kind of better understand now why she's that way).  And, it's still true that this movie basically gives very little screen time to the other characters.  Of course, if everyone has extra screen time, this movie would end up being some kind of four hour long abomination that no one would be able to sit through, so it kind of makes sense.  Still, it feels a bit like a Final Fantasy VII Christmas Special in the sense that they tried to jam every last popular character into at least some sort of cameo role so that no one would be offended.  And once again, I understand why they had to get Cait Sith in there (even though he's pretty pointless); if they'd left someone out there would have been a public outcry.  I complained about the fight scenes in my original review, but I like them much better now.  However, I still don't like the scene where Cloud's friends throw him upward to face Bahamut (summoned with a green material, no less).  The reason I still don't like this scene is because it still looks stupid.  I'm willing to forgive the people who are standing on something and help him up, but Yuffie (and other characters) just jump up in mid-air and then grab Cloud and throw him up further.  It just looks stupid and defies physics to a degree that even I can't excuse (I was fine with all the other fight scenes until that point; the difference being that those scenes looked cool and this looks terribly stupid).  My last complaint is that this whole movie feels at times like a cell phone commercial.  At the scene where Vincent says he has no phone, I kept expecting it to cut to a commercial (\\"Don't get caught without a phone like poor Vincent. Buy a Shinra brand cell phone today!).  Ha ha, seriously...    Now, let's talk about the good things that this version adds.  Firstly, almost 30 minutes of new scenes were added, and they weren't wasted on frivolous things--it's all to help the plot and character development (and a kick@zz longer fight scene between Cloud and Sephiroth!).  The Turks and Rufus get much more screen time (fleshing them out as characters) and Cloud and Co. are given more dialogue to help explain their motivations.  Even Denzel gets more screen time so that we as an audience can actually understand why he's even in this movie.  Reno and Rude even get more scenes.  And yes, I know that many people have complained that poor Reno has become the designated comic relief, but I don't feel like his character was demeaned in any way from it like some movies tend to do with their comic relief.  I burst out laughing when he almost hit Rude in the face with his Mag Rod.  I've always felt like Reno was a little reckless and silly and I feel like they stayed true to his character and maintained his dignity while still providing the audience with some humor.  Many of the battle scenes were also extended and retooled so that they are much more engaging now.  The plot still isn't going to win any awards for being a deep and moving drama, but it all flows much better now with the new editing and makes much more sense.      New scenes weren't all that was added though.  The music has been updated and so have the graphics.  Also, blood and dirt effects have been added, which is a huge plus.  Now I know what you're thinking, that I'm some violence mongering idiot who isn't happy unless blood sprays everywhere, but that just isn't true.  This film is really the first time I have ever wished that there was more blood shown.  In the original version, Cloud fights a bunch and even gets stabbed, but you don't see a single drop of blood.  No scuffs or dirt from falling.  No nothing.  It was really hard to empathize with any of the characters because they never really seemed to get hurt.  When you see Cloud get skewered by Sephiroth in this version and he falls to the ground dripping blood, it suddenly feels much more real and painful.  You actually feel some fear for our Chocobo-headed hero.    So, lastly, I'd like to talk about special features and the darn menu screen.  The menu screen is written in such tiny letters that I found them to be nigh unreadable.  Of course, I was watching all this on a standard definition TV (I know, my fault, huh?) but I can't really imagine these being much more readable on an HDTV either.  Anyway, the Special Features differ between this Bluray release and the DVD release.  The DVD actually has things that the Bluray doesn't have, the most important being a \\"making-of\\".  However, the Bluray does have something extra which I think is definitely worth seeing, an anime short called \\"On the Way to a Smile\\".  This short features Denzel and tells his entire back story, which is quite dramatic and poignant (ironically what I wanted Advent Children to be like).  Well, I think I've rambled on enough.  The bottom line is, if you've already seen the original Advent Children and loved it, or if you saw it and were disappointed, then you should pick up this version and give it a try.  It will either make you love it more or hate it less. If you've never seen Advent Children at all, then this is definitely the version to own, hands down.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|First, just to get it out of the way, all these songs are great and Metallica proved that they could hang on, plain and simple. This album is amazing from start to finish for a band that has gone through as much and received as much criticism for experimenting with their sound.    I don't get where the issue of sound quality comes in..? I've been blasting it in the car, on my iPod, on my (quality) stereo, and they all check in just fine. No audible distortions whatsoever. And I record my own music so I have an ear for that kind of thing. I guess some people can just never be satisfied and they seek a reason to refuse to swallow their pride.    So do yourself a favor, whether an old or new Metallica fan, buy this album immediately, blast it whenever, and be grateful. These guys aren't done yet...
B0018AK9RA|2.0|It's just so bad. I tried to get into it. It's poor compared to whats out there now. Boring comes to mind.
0306812835|5.0|This book is widely regarded as a masterpiece, and deservedly so.  Thank goodness it's still in print!<br /><br />From cover to cover, the book is packed with deep and valuable insights into the behavior and design of structures, including the natural structures \\"designed\\" by evolutionary processes.  And at the same time, the book is written in a delightfully chatty and unpretentious style which makes it a joy to read, and often even something of a page turner.<br /><br />The ideal audience is probably structural engineers, and even seasoned ones are sure to learn a thing or two.  But most interested lay readers can also benefit from the book, and the author has clearly made a sincere effort to help bring the subject within their grasp.<br /><br />This book gets my highest possible recommendation, and the price is so low that there's no reason to hesitate to purchase it.
B001AUEMFS|4.0|The orchestration is awesome in the beginning. Chris Martin's voice is used in a catchy way and the upbeat vibe to this song is total sweetness!<br /><br />4.25 stars.
1400032717|4.0|This was one odd book. I must say the author must be one strange individual. Although it seemed like most of the time you were in the mind of a mentally challenged youth, sometimes the hard cold truths were difficult to take. It was very entertaining, if at times uncomfortable to read. I guess that's what makes it, in the end, so thought-provoking.
B000YJ54DU|1.0|I genuinely wish I hadn't read it.  I say that with sadness, not vitriol.    I've loved Reacher since The Killing Floor.  Have met folks like him. Served with them.  But I was completely jarred out of the story by what I viewed as inconsistencies between the character as previously written (which I respected, so to speak, and felt credible) and the one that emerges near the end of this book.      The author is allowed, of course, to write or re-write his character as he wishes.  But when that character acts in ways that are 180 degrees out from prior books, in a sense this \\"ruins\\" the character for me.      In a nutshell, and without trying to spoil it for others, in this book Reacher condones breaking faith, breaking your word, breaking trust.  My immersion in the book (it was then 1:30 AM) and my suspension of disbelief blew away like a puff of smoke in a windstorm.  I put the book down with a snort of disbelief and went to sleep.  Whatever you might think of an assignement, the idea of deserting your buddies before deployment is unthinkable for anyone with honor.  And as cynical as Reacher's character is, he has always understood honor.    I never did finish the book.  Maybe it was only a bad dream that Reacher had (a la Dallas).    If you like Reacher as he was in prior books, tenacious, brave, honorable, and willing to commit to an ideal regardless of cost, skip this book and hope the next one is back on track.
B000YKE87W|4.0|I've just received this highly vaulted recital album, which is more-or-less my introduction to Kaufmann and his voice.  My first thought was that the voice is as baritonal as they say -- like listening to Robert Merrill try tenor roles, though Kaufmann is fully comfortable in the range.  I found this particularly distracting in the Traviata excerpt, when I couldn't stop wondering why Germont is singing his son's lines.  Some tenors (Del Monoco?) do also come to mind, but rarely his (and my) idol Fritz Wunderlich; the sound is often cloudy and unclear, and rarely strings out cleanly and prettily (a notable fault in the Bizet aria, a bit better in Faust); it seems most open in the Wagner excerpt (and does sound a bit like Wunderlich there).  In some cases like the concluding Werther, the sound and delivery are similar enough to Villazon that one can make a direct comparison, and Villazon comes out better.  Kaufmann's interpretations are generally remarkable, and the initial Boheme excerpt was perhaps the most memorable I've ever heard -- though I often felt I was listening to the mournful end of the opera, not the hopeful beginning.  He does have the advantage of his conductor's own remarkable interpretations; my only quarrel there would be that not all of the pieces should be so melting, and Armiliato's singing line sometimes prevents Kaufmann from giving some phrases as much conversational power as they should have.  Over all, I was impressed, and may become more impressed with further listening.  Since I couldn't do 4 and a half stars I rounded down to 4, but this is a fine recording.
006135323X|5.0|At first glance, the title of Dan Ariely's book seems to be an oxymoron. (It certainly catches one's attention.) Can irrational thought and/or behavior be predicted? Perhaps if it is repetitive? (The judgment and behavior of at least some people can be repetitive and thus predictable.)  So I began to read his book with curiosity but also, yes, with some skepticism.  Here are a few of my reactions. First, he learned a number of \\"lessons\\" from what he calls \\"experiments\\" in his life, each of which struck him as being counterintuitive. For example, everything is relative...even when \\"it shouldn't be\\"...or in fact isn't. That is, our mind can \\"play tricks\\" on us and thus we tend to see what we expect to see, hear what we expect to hear, etc. Images and sounds are relative to their context or frame-of-reference within which we place it. Or consider the frequently expressed observation, \\"one man's trash is another man's treasure\\" or one or more of self-serving juxtapositions such as \\"He's a tightwad whereas I'm frugal...she's narrow-minded whereas I'm a specialist...They're stubborn whereas I stick to my convictions.\\" Ariely's other lessons also, directly or indirectly, involve illusions and delusions of one kind or another. They explain why we can't make ourselves do what we want to do, why we overvalue what we have and especially what we purchase, and \\"why a 50-cent aspirin can do what a penny aspirin can't.\\"<br /><br />As I worked my way through the first few chapters, I was reminded of a joke I heard years ago. This fellow arrived just in time to tee off for another round of golf with three friends. They played every Saturday morning. \\"Hey, I've got great news! Just bought the best hearing aids that money can buy. They cost $8,000 each but they're worth every penny. It's a whole new life for me. Never been happier.\\" \\"You spent $16,000 on two hearing aids? That seems expensive.\\" \\"Nah, like I said, worth every penny.\\" \\"What kind is it?\\".... The fellow glanced at his watch. \\"Exactly 7:30.\\" To paraphrase Descartes: It is if I think it is.<br /><br />Also, Ariely shares what he learned about the differences between conventional economics and behavioral economics. Contrary to \\"the far-reaching conclusions\\" that generations of economists have developed \\"about everything from taxation and health-care policies to the pricing of goods and services,\\" asserts that human beings are far less rational than standard economic theory assumes. \\"Moreover, these irrational behaviors of ours are neither random nor senseless. They are systematic, and since we repeat them again and again, they are predictable.\\" (Hence this book's title.) Ariely makes a convincing, at times humorous but nonetheless rational argument to support modification of standard economics, \\"to move it away from naive psychology (which often fails the tests of reason, introspection, and most important - empirical scrutiny).\\" He collaborated with a number of colleagues when conducting various experiments that enabled them to \\"slow human behavior to a frame-by-frame narration of events, isolate individual forces, and examine those forces carefully and in detail.\\" The results of the experiments illustrate general principles of human behavior (e.g. the decision-making process) within and beyond the workplace.<br /><br />Finally, I admire the extent to which Ariely succeeds in explaining the fundamentals of economics and social science for a reader such as I who knows essentially nothing about either. (Oh sure, I have some scraps of information and countless opinions but....) For example, in Chapter 9, Ariely describes an experiment that he conducted with two MIT professors to answer questions that include \\"How to explain violence? Why does it happen? Is it an outcome of history, or race, or politics - or is there something fundamentally irrational in us that encourages conflict, that causes us to look at the same event and, depending on our point of view, see it in totally different terms...We came up with a simple test - one in which we would not use religion, politics, or even sports as the indicator. We would use glasses of beer.\\"(I do have extensive prior experience with beer!) The details of this experiment are best revealed within the narrative but I will indicate that the material in this chapter provides a number of revelations that help to explain \\"the hidden forces that shape our decisions.\\"<br /><br />Congratulations to Dan Ariely on a brilliant achievement!h a simple test - one in which we would not use religion, politics, or even sports as the indicator. We would use glasses of beer.\\"(I do have extensive prior experience with beer!) The details of this experiment are best revealed within the narrative but I will indicate that the material in this chapter provides a number of revelations that help to explain \\"the hidden forces that shape our decisions.\\"     Congratulations to Dan Ariely on a brilliant achievement!
B001DDBCUK|5.0|I have watched all of the seasons of Sex and the City and just love the show. My mom has never seen any of the episodes. We both went to the theater to see the movie and we both absolutely loved it. You do not have to be a fan of the show to enjoy this movie. It was hilarious!!!!! I just preordered this movie because I will definitely watch it again.
0743454537|5.0|This book and Keeping Faith are my two favorites by this remarkable author. Keep those stories coming about families, their problems, and their resolutions. This one had a gripping story with a fantastic twist. It was also the book that got me to buy most all of Ms. Picoult's works.
031606792X|5.0|I really think this book was awsome. It was full of adventure and love. But I do believe you should be very mature for this, there is some sexual content, so if you are someone who gets freaked out by this, I advise you not to read it. It surprized me at first, but at least I wasn't like OMFG! I have to show everyone this! But I really did like the book!
0446615641|5.0|Keeps you extremely interested and wanting more - this book provides it chapter after chapter.  For those who want everything truth based - read the dictonary.  Isn't so graphic that it leaves nothing to the imagination - making it even more of a great read.
B000P12LWY|3.0|Although I have enjoyed reading the reviews on here for the Tudors I am surprised at the passion that is present in many of the comments. After all this is not a historical mini series nor does it make claim to be \\"accurate\\". It is after all SHOWTIME and it is a television mini-series.<br /><br />If you are looking to gain knowledge and an accurate historical portrayal perhaps you should not look to SHOWTIME.<br /><br />But if you are looking for well acted performances and stunning visual imagery then you will enjoy this show. It is entertainment and this show is ENTERTAINING.<br /><br />Here's an idea...switch the channel on your remote control to the History channel an kick back with some popcorn and a refreshing drink and let the rest of us enjoy the ART that has been created by so many talented professionals.<br /><br />It is all ART. And it is subjective but consider the source before you judge so harshly.<br /><br />Cheers.
B0018S6YO4|5.0|Rihanna's Good Girl Gone Bad Reloaded CD is a must for \\"real\\" music lovers. Rihanna's voice is one in a million and the songs are varied in style (this cd is like a Pop/R&B). The songs are well written and it's one of those cd's that I can just play or listen to through it's entirety  without skipping to certain songs.
0345495004|4.0|This is the fictionalized story of the mistress of famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright, Mamah Borthwick Cheney. She was a real woman who lived an interesting life, but certain private details are added to the facts to round out an enjoyable read. It wasn't a happily ever after love story, but Ms. Horan stayed true to what really happened to this woman in the early part of the century as she struggled against the norms of the times and the conflict within herself as a wife, mother, and woman in love. This was fascinating fiction.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Metallica appear to go back to their old ways somewhat by incorporating their rythmic chugs and long solos however, the music just isnt as exciting and energetic. Its amazing to say this but the music here sounds a little to brutal but in a bad way. Before the black album metallica's, musical tone sounded cohesive and interesting and for some reason I just find the guitars and drums on this album to be exhausting overall. Once again James sings the over the top vocals which also take away from the music. Some of the songs are listenable but mediocre. I dont find any song that stands out on this album.   The fact is that metallica have been reinventing the wheel since the black album by straying from their previous song writing techniques and changing their amps. James now plays a Diezel amp instead of a rectifier which definitely alters the tone we have been accustomed to hearing from metallica in addition to changing his singing pitch. Kirk is the band puppet so he'll go along with anything James and Lars say.  People say that metallica cant continually come out with the same album but I say why not. I would like to hear the same guitar tone that they had in master of Puppets or And Justic for All.
B001BKXUOQ|5.0|When I first purchased this album I was a bit skeptical because I did not like the direction that Vol. 3 Subliminal Verses took, and I did not really like the Stone Sour album Come (What) Ever May that came out a couple years ago, so I was under a slight impression that Slipknot maybe was one of those bands on a steep decline after Iowa.  Thankfully once I listened to this whole album I realized that I was wrong, this album starts off with a couple blistering tracks, execute the intro, which is really cool.  And then Gematria(The Killing Name) which is one of the heaviest and strongest tracks on the album, the chorus is just fu**ing brutal and this song reminds me more of Iowa than Vol. 3, which I was so glad to discover.  Iowa was a monster metal album in my opinion, but anyways track 3 Sulfur starts off a bit Stone-Sourish, but it develops into a total Slipknot song, and ends with a killer breakdown towards the end of the song, some cool music and vocals to this track.  Track 4 Psychosocial is the first single of the album, and is one of the best tracks on the album, the chorus is very melodic and Corey shows his vocal abilities, but the verses and breakdowns are VERY heavy, and this song is just awesome overall.  Track 5 Dead Memories is a slower softer Slipknot song, kind of like Stone Sour, but much, much better than anything from Stone Sour, I really love the sound and lyrics to this song, the lyrics will really hit home with many fans.  Track 6 Vendetta is a really cool song, and the end chant is great, \\"Lets pretend were not at the end, pretend, that we have nothing left, are you ready for the time of your life?!\\"  Track 7 Butchers Hook sounds like Slipknot between 99' and 01' and this song just builds and builds to the end, and as another customer said \\"it may be the most coherent song on the whole album.\\"  Track 8 Gehenna is a really really dark and slow very heavy song, Corey sounds maniachal on this one.  Track 10 This Cold Black is definitely one of myfavorites and again sounds like Iowa-era Slipknot, this one truly kills it.  Track 11 Wherein Lies Continue kind of continues along with This Cold Black, it is very heavy and Corey screams his fu**ing brains out, this song is brutal and heavy and fu**ing great.  Track 11 Snuff is the soft ballad of the album, kind of like some of the slow Stone Sour songs, but this song is very good, Coreys voice is amazing the range that he has, this is a great dark-ballad.  Track 12 and the final track All Hope Is Gone is another very heavy one, and the lyrics are very cool, Corey depicts the world as it pretty much is dark, depressing, and sad.  Overall, this album is much, much stronger than Vol. 3 and it marks the return of Slipknot in my estimation.  Highly highly recommended to all Slipknot fans of all eras, and also highly recommended to all metal and hard rock fans.  Check it out fu**ers, stay (sic) maggots!
B000JBWWQ0|1.0|I wasted only an hour and a half of my time instead. It's very funny that the majority of reviews here at Amazon are positive while over at Rottentomatoes it scored a rating of 4% positive by the professional reviewers--one of the lowest ratings I've seen there. Well, if this is your sort of thing, you may love it too--auras, synchronicity, and a vacuous New Age spiritual revelation.    Be amazed as our hero travels deep into the rebel-infested rainforest to the Malibu suburb of the Peruvian Shangri La. Open your eyes as the American Yuppies (not the peasants, of course) are the chosen ones to whom the insights are revealed. Be dazzled by the knowledge that, you too, can be rendered invisible to the bad guys (unfortunately, the peasants haven't evolved to that luxury). Rest assured that there is still an insight yet to know beyond this movie (as you fly away without the peasants). Float to the bookstore for part II, for alas, no one else is ready yet to put up the money for another heavenly flop, but if we all start sharing on the red energy seesaw, it will happen, it will certainly happen. Our celluloid yellow brick road part II will certainly happen for us all. Aunty Em, Aunty Em, oh, Aunty Em.
0345495004|5.0|Excellent book from beginning to end.  Slow read, really pulls you into the story and you want to take your time when you read it.  The end is incredible and not what the reader would expect.  If you don't know about the life of Frank Lloyd Wright or his lover Mamah, do not look at any of his work or anything about his life on the internet.  It will spoil the book for you.
0439023483|5.0|Post-apocalyptic stories never get old. And when they're as good and gripping and moving as THE HUNGER GAMES, well, no other sci-fi conceit gets even close (okay, maybe time travel). Anyway, THE HUNGER GAMES is the first in Susanne Collins's proposed YA trilogy. After reading this one, I'm saying: Why stop at a trilogy?<br /><br />In the wake of a holocaust which reshaped the world and made North America extinct, the Panem nation rose from the ashes and became the de facto power. Panem consists of the ruling Capitol, surrounded by the outlying twelve districts. Many, many years ago, there were actually thirteen districts, all of which rebelled but then were put down, with the thirteenth district being mercilessly annihilated. Ever since then, as punishment and a constant reminder to not eff with the Capitol, each of the remaining twelve districts holds annual lotteries to send a girl and a boy, between the ages of 12 and 18, to the Capitol to compete in the Hunger Games, a broadcasted event in which the children, now called tributes, are placed in a vast, bleak arena and forced to fight each other to the death, until only one is left.<br /><br />This book tells the story of one contestant - 16-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who comes from the destitute and backwards 12th District - and how she fares in the Hunger Games. You will not, will not, will not forget her soon.<br /><br />Katniss doesn't believe she has what it takes to survive the deadly competition. Yes, she's a hunter and thick into woodscraft, but she realizes that the emissaries from the other, wealthier districts are bigger, stronger, and more vicious. It's partly this underdog element which hooked me but quick. Katniss is one of the best protagonists I've ever come across in fiction, male or female, and a character which will resonate deeply with you. Katniss certainly has her flaws, but she's written so sympathetically that, within the first few pages, I knew I'd caught on to what possibly could be one of my all-time favorite reading experiences. I've read a lot of stuff in my time, and, yes, THE HUNGER GAMES is that good!<br /><br />I honestly haven't heard of Suzanne Collins before, but she's for dang sure a storyteller. There's a whiff of THE RUNNING MAN and THE LONG WALK (both by Stephen King, [[ASIN:0452257743 The Bachman Books : Four Early Novels by Richard Bachman (Rage / The Long Walk / Roadwork / The Running Man)]]), but THE HUNGER GAMES is very much its own intense entity. Yes, it's a blend of reality television and gladiator films, two things the author cites as inspiration for this book, along with the myth of the Minotaur. Regarding the reality TV angle, I was particularly fixated with Katniss's strategy in the arena, which heavily relies on her playing up to the audience, in part because gaining sponsorship could mean possible life-saving gifts (food, medicine, whatever) parachuting from the sky. The book provides edge-of-your-seat suspense, what with there being enough violent encounters and desperate bids for survival to sate any action fan. Not only are there the fellow contenders to deal with, but the landscape hides enhanced killer wasps, mutated \\"werewolves,\\" and whatever else the Gamemakers can contrive to make the bloodthirsty contest even more \\"audience-friendly.\\" And the rules can change in a moment, and then changed again.<br /><br />Certainly, there's no shortage of highlight moments to keep you feverishly turning pages (Katniss's memorable fiery entrance during the opening ceremonies; what Katniss does to earn her training score; what happens when Katniss is caught up in a tree; etc.). There are two particularly powerful and poignant moments - one early on, the other just a bit past halfway thru the book - which will reduce you to a messed-up, choked-up state. Guaranteed.<br /><br />To me, THE HUNGER GAMES is a love story, even more so than it is an adventure thriller. And I'm not referring to the romantic triangle which crops up (honestly, to me, that was the least interesting story arc). The most touching part of the book is Katniss's relationship with her younger sister, Prim, and how she's so very fiercely protective of her. Katniss's affection for Prim would later be extended by proxy to one of the younger, more vulnerable tributes. What also gets me emotionally is how the struggling coal mining community of the 12th District says goodbye to Katniss and, later, how the 11th District pays her back for a kindness done.<br /><br />Lest we forget, Panem is an oppresive entity and will brook no resistance. Katniss manages to demonstrate a rebellious streak against the Panem government, but since her mutinous acts aren't that overt, she gets away with them. But I get the feeling that, as the sequels go on, Katniss Everdeen will play a key part in upending this unjust dystopian culture. THE HUNGER GAMES closes with many things unresolved, all the more reason, no doubt, for readers to pick up the sequel. Me, I am so very curious and excited to see how this whole thing plays out... And I'll say it again: why stop at a trilogy?y, to me, that was the least interesting story arc). The most touching part of the book is Katniss's relationship with her younger sister, Prim, and how she's so very fiercely protective of her. Katniss's affection for Prim would later be extended by proxy to one of the younger, more vulnerable tributes. What also gets me emotionally is how the struggling coal mining community of the 12th District says goodbye to Katniss and, later, how the 11th District pays her back for a kindness done.<br /><br />Lest we forget, Panem is an oppresive entity and will brook no resistance. Katniss manages to demonstrate a rebellious streak against the Panem government, but since her mutinous acts aren't that overt, she gets away with them. But I get the feeling that, as the sequels go on, Katniss Everdeen will play a key part in upending this unjust dystopian culture. THE HUNGER GAMES closes with many things unresolved, all the more reason, no doubt, for readers to pick up the sequel. Me, I am so very curious and excited to see how this whole thing plays out... And I'll say it again: why stop at a trilogy?
0553382152|5.0|[[ASIN:0553382152 Embraced by the Light]]I had originally seen,checked out and read this book from the Public Library many years ago! It was one of the Best Books, I had ever read then or since about out of body experiences and the peace that comes from experiencing what it is like to go towards that Beautiful,glorious light! What I was after in those days when I read that book was learning about how it had felt to go up to Heaven and that Wonderful Peace that everyone experiences that goes up to Heaven for a brief time. This book will also give Great Comfort to those who have lost loved ones and the questions they may have about it.
B001BR5F4C|3.0|Well I'm still waiting for the real exclusive Kill Bill movies to be released. This is one of my all time favorite American movies so I want it to be special too. Next time, it should come in a box set like Harry Potter packed with extras and maybe Kill Bill gadgets (say a shuriken LOL). As for the comment about having only 1 Bluray disc with 2 movies, I don't think that's what the person meant. Because this seems to be two separate movie deals instead of one. What I want is 2 bluray disc combined with specials on both disk packaged into a special collector's edition.
159562015X|5.0|Very interesting approach that requires little time investment (web survey takes 20 minutes) and provides not only excellent reference materials (book and web reports) but a personalized and very useful profile of strengths and ideas of how they can be used. I learned a lot about how I am and why I gravitate to certain types of work and people - why fight it and try to work on what I am not as good at - I'm going to focus on the positive!!!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|For people who are expecting this comeback album to exceed the mastery of their first five albums, I'm sorry, but you will be disappointed.  This material is good, very good in places, but not of the same caliber as Kill, Lightning, Puppets, Justice, or the black album.  Those were nearly untouchable works of art in the metal genre, and are legendary to this day.  That said, this still is a must buy for Metallica fans and metal fans alike.  There are really good riffs and vocals, and Death Magnetic sounds a lot more like metal than Garage Inc. or St. Anger.  This whole album will have you rockin' out.  There are a couple quiet moments, but it's all part of the latest Metallica entertainment package and you will probably enjoy those parts too.  If I had to decide what album DM sounds like most from Metallica's catalog I would say it sounds mostly like ...And Justice For All.  I'd give this album 4.5 stars if I could, but we can't vote with half stars.  Even though I think DM is not perfect, I gave them the extra star.  Thanks Metallica for giving the masses another dose of metal greatness.  Much appreciated!
0060599847|5.0|Great set of CDs, which allow a great discussion on the success principles...  well done Jack Canfield.
0316067601|5.0|Truely my favorite book.  It made me want to join the SEALs.  If you are thinking of joining and maybe need a little extra push- read this book, or maybe avoid it!<br /><br />10 out of 10. 5 stars.<br /><br />America.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I got this item in great condition for a great price. I love the star wars movies and you can get them here for a great price.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Having been quite dissappointed with Load and Reload, and having been disgusted to the point of nausea with St. Anger, I had low expectations for the new Metallica album. I guess this helped a little.<br /> The album is very good overall, and for the first time in a LONG time, it sounds like Metallica. The songs are longer, harkening back (structurally and complexity-wise) to the days of Master of Puppets and ...And Justice for All. There are enough blazing riffs, guitar solos and harmonized melodic lines to satisfy any metal fan. The riffs actually slice through your speakers, as opposed to ploddingly flowing out of them like sludge, as in St. Anger.  The drums finally sound like they should in a Metal album. Speaking of drums, whether you personally dislike Lars or not, he is in top form here. I was actually quite impressed at the precise aggressiveness of the drum parts in the album.<br />You can also hear the bass! Finally, Robert gets his sound heard, and boy does it really ground these songs!<br /> The overall production is a bit grainy, and the CD packaging is not all that. But, those can easily be overlooked by the fact that Metallica has finally released an album that old-school Metal and Thrash fans can be excited about.<br />LONG LIVE HEAVY METAL!
B00023B1A8|5.0|This DVD shows how Crosby, Stills and Nash began to mellow with age, live and let live.  The trio's relaxed mood - particularly in contrast to how stressed out they appeared in 'Daylight Again' - is a joy to behold.  Mr. Crosby, grateful to be alive, is funny and in excellent musical form.  Do not miss '1000 Roads';  it's delightful to see.  He also harmonizes as sweetly as can be with his great friend, Mr. Nash -- I'll take him over anyone who was said to fill in for him in the 'bad old days', particularly in the gorgeous 'Wind on the Water'.    What can I say about Graham Nash here?   High on making music, his ebullience in check, his English charm to the fore, he shines as brightly as ever.   Is it any wonder that the catchiest tunes in the CSN catalog are his?  Many of them are here, too.  Even a private joke does not spoil a radiant 'Just a Song Before I Go', and 'Marrakesh Express' is delightful.  (This should be a singalong!)    While Stephen Stills does not blend in as well vocally, his guitar playing during this concert seems more empathetic to the entire flow of this performance than one might expect, surprisingly so during 'Crosby/Nash' numbers in which he thus adds a new dimension.   He does get considerable chance to show off his forte - and that very well indeed.    Kinda restores your faith in CSN...  *S*
1400064287|5.0|This book is \\"Made to Stick.\\" Literally. It successfully uses all of the principles the authors list in their book. It sticks and it is entertaining. Authors Chip and Dan Heath have succeeded where many others have failed miserably.  I love it because it reads like a \\"How To\\" manual. They also use plenty of current, real world examples; examples of sticky ideas that worked and stories of others that tried and failed.  The brothers make a great case for each of their elements of \\"stickiness\\" and once you recognize them, and how they work together, it's easy to apply them to any message or idea.     The essential elements of a sticky idea are:    1. Simplicity   2. Unexpectedness   3. Concreteness   4. Credibility   5. Emotions   6. Stories     The authors use these elements very effectively to make their point. And In my opinion this just adds more credibility to the book and their work. For example, in the chapter on stories, they talk about Subway's Jared campaign--quite a dramatic behind-the-scenes story besides being a near perfect example of storytelling in marketing.    It's interesting that one of the other reviewers noticed that Allison Fine's \\"MOMENTUM: igniting social change in the connected age,\\" is receiving a \\"great deal more attention\\" Yes, \\"Made to Stick,\\" is, and should, get more attention.  Regardless of the content in the books, you have to sell the idea of opening it up and reading it first.  Look at and compare the titles of the two books, author Fine's already made her book boring and hard to remember before you even crack the cover.  She looses the potential reader with a title that is not concrete, not simple, not unexpected. \\"MOMENTUM: igniting social change in the connected age,\\" is just long, boring and easy to forget. I mean no disrespect to Ms. Fine but she should read \\"Made to Stick,\\" before she writes the title to her next book.    This book, \\"Made to Stick,\\" was an excellent investment in time and money.  I will use these elements of stickiness to evaluate all of my marketing messages, products and promotions.
031606792X|2.0|This book was SO different from the other three. The other three had suspense, plot...this one did not. Everything that would be expected to happen HAPPENED. Has epic-ness completely left the universe? No, because J. K. Rowling still knows how to craft a series and end it equally as well. Stephenie, I love you, but this book wasn't good. The writing was perfect, but the story was terrible. It seemed like a terrible fan-fic gone completely RIGHT. Pregnancy, sex, marriage, Bella-vamp...mostly without a hitch. The only thing I AM happy about (which is surprising, because I HATED Jake in the previous books), is that Jake got a happy ending. How ironic is it that it was Bella's baby? But that's okay.  What was NOT okay was the ending. The Merchant of Venice was a clue? No fight? Nothing? All that training, Bella becoming a vampire, and NO climax? Nothing? Why? Supposedly, Stephenie says the Volturi would have won. Hm. Last I checked she was the author, and if Bella has these powers, she can certainly use them.  It took me a while to write this review, mostly because I had to let it settle in that a). The series is over and b). it ended in a terrible way; I had to cool off and discuss it with my Twilighter friends.   But it just felt...so different, so foreign. The other three books were so compelling...that's why they had the power to knock Potter off his broomstick for a while.  Ultimately, I think she had success with the first three, which reeled us all in. Moreover, I think she will have a LOT of success with any future novels she decides to write (and, as stated on her website, she's trying to focus on a project right now. Can't wait until it's announced!).  Basically, she's still my favorite author (barely), and she should be thankful that she has devoted fans, because after this train wreck, she better come out with a book that's doubly amazing.
1594481717|3.0|This whole right-brain-left-brain thing is soooo left brain.  Right brainers have no idea what the issue is about and perhaps it's better that way.  But us left brainers have to sort and organize and categorize....  it's obsessive!  The truth is that big-picture, extraverted, emotive people already are in the highest ranks of management.  Check out our president. They may still be left-brained but far more right-brained than the lowly programmers and IT staffers.  This is nothing new; while the techies labor long and hard to learn and problem solve, the right-brainers are smoozing and golfing their way up the corporate ladder.  Now as to nurses and graphic artists ruling the world....  problem is these may be right brained jobs but the barriers to entry are low and so will be the salaries.  An MFA may be the next MBA but it doesn't pay as well....
0307455874|5.0|Unlike most other books by politicians, this one was not penned with the help of a \\"ghostwriter\\" but by Obama himself. This is especially impressive considering what a well written book it is. Barak devotes chapters to topics such as faith, race and the international community, while outlining the political objectives he would seek to achieve as president.    As a dedicated liberal, I would have preferred stronger language on issues like universal health care and the environment. But Obama demonstrates himself to have an extraordinarily balanced mind. So perhaps his approach will be the most successful in being able to end partisan bickering and enact meaningful legislation to improve the state of the nation and bring Americans together.     This is perhaps the most important presidential election in recent memory. So I would encourage everyone to get out and vote. Of course, my vote will be going for Obama.
B000EHSVQ4|5.0|This movie had really nice sets, and a great story. There is only about 20 minutes of action but overall it's a great movie.
B001FEA9QU|1.0|I don't know who mixed this mess but it is horrible. I personally think Lars (the biggest crybaby in rock) plays the same old hashed out grooves he did 20 years ago. If you like Metallica your better off getting Master Of Puppets. The mp3 versions are terrible. Im not sure if it is intentional or if they really are just that incompetent. I think everyobe would be better served to just wait for the new AC/DC disk coming out next month and spend their money on it.
B00000G3PL|4.0|Very good series of movies.  Danny Glover and Mel Gibson play well off of each other.
B0000024K1|4.0|public enemy, the pride of N.Y. in the house!  get out your old malcum X hats and tee shirts.  Pride in black america was strong in the 80-90's. we need to bring it back! Don't belive the hype!  strong messages, strong opions, freedom of speech! need to stop all this talk of pimping drugs girls etc. focus! get the pride back with PE! PEACE!
B000QXDED6|5.0|Wow, this movie is fantastic. Okay, we all know that the Spartans didn't fight bare chested but who gives a damn! This movie is visually stunning and action packed, and will suit any sword and sandal fan.
B000F4LPJ6|5.0|this is one of the best among japanese movie that i ever seen it was recommended by my friend TNECNIV AIRTSUA....
B00192KCQ0|3.0|This cd is better than St. Anger. There are several tracks that are really good but there are others that need help badly. Kirk is amazing.<br /><br />My main problems with the cd are Lars drumming and the mastering. OMG! Song 3 is by far the worst mastering job that I have ever heard. The song distorts so badly it is painful to listen to.<br /><br />The LP version of this cd is even worse as far as mastering goes. If sound is a priority please avoid all versions of this title until they are re-mastered (crosses fingers).<br /><br />If I could give stars for mastering this cd would be -5.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Truly a pleasant surprise, Metallica's 'Death Magnetic' is the band's finest piece of work since 1988's '...And Justice For All'. The godfathers of thrash metal return to their roots with an effort that will have thirty-somethings like myself feeling like they're in high school again, while today's younger audience will experience a band with a sound vastly different than its mediocre run at mainstream rock in the 90's.     Produced by Rick Rubin, who has a knack for resurrecting careers of the also-rans (Neil Diamond, Dixie Chicks), 'Death Magnetic' is a lean, mean, crunchy guitar fueled attack which I didn't think Metallica had left in them. This is the album they should have made in 1991, instead of the self-titled \\"black\\" album, which, to many of Metallica's hardcore audience, signaled the beginning of the end. Perhaps the band learned from 2003's beyond-awful 'St. Anger' that you shouldn't mess around with what got you fame and fortune in the first place.    And so the disc kicks off with \\"That Was Just Your Life\\", a riff heavy barrage with traces of Metallica's 1980's work, most notably \\"Blackened\\", from the '...And Justice For All' disc. \\"The Day That Never Comes\\", the first single, is essentially two songs rolled into one: the mid-tempo first half is reminiscent of \\"Fade To Black\\", while the rip-roaring second half harkens back to \\"One\\". Yes, much of 'Death Magnetic' sounds like their 80's glory days, but who's to complain? The fact that the energy and raw power is back, after being absent for so long, is simply refreshing and a welcome change.    The lone misfire on the disc is \\"The Unforgiven III\\", which begins with a beautiful piano intro, but regresses into a grungy sounding mess. It's out of place on a CD that is otherwise in-your-face and unrelenting. Even the near 10 minute instrumental \\"Suicide And Redemption\\" keeps your attention with it's sharp riffs and tempo changes.    Highly recommended, 'Death Magnetic' is a record which Metallica should be very proud of. Hopefully, the old school fans of Metallica's early recordings will go out and buy the thing. They'll be as impressed as I was.
B000TGELLY|5.0|A bunch of glorious battle scenes and a good story. The diector's cut is amazing.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|If you're looking for something that sounds like the Metallica \\"Black Album\\", you clicked the wrong button.  If you're looking for the coveted Master of Puppets, may I suggest dusting that album off.  This is something quite different from anything Metallica has ever done, and for some, that will be a great thing.    This album is some of the best work I've heard in 17 years from the boys, and they should really be quite proud of this product.  It isn't just heavy, it isn't just hooky, but it's got incredible energy.  How ironic that an album themed around death could have so much life!  This album marks the return of the solo guitar, and the near death of the vocal harmony.  And it's the LOUDEST CD I've ever heard.  it should have been titled DEAF MAGNETIC.  If you have a so-so stereo system, this album will distort through your speakers.  If the rhythm guitars are the tracks of the tank crushing your skull, then the bass guitar of Robert Trujillo is what is reducing it into fine powder.  This album is a return to the old ways of adolescent tantrum, mixed with the musical maturity this band has earned over the last 2 decades.    THAT WAS JUST YOUR LIFE:  This song gets things started the same way the Fight Fire with Fire and Battery got Ride the Lighting and Master of Puppets started respectfully.  The quickly sung lyrics of the chorus and the cool syncopated vocals of the pre-chorus are pleasant to the metal ear.    THE END OF THE LINE:  This song is formerly known as \\"New Song\\" from Metallica's live recording last year.  The live song was awfully performed and arranged, and filled me with doubt that the boys can ever write a decent song again.  This album version removes all doubt.  With the exception of the opening riff, this song bares no resemblance to it's first form.  This song is ten times better than the previous version could ever hope to be.  Without a doubt, the chorus to this song is the creepiest and darkest I've ever heard them play (beating out thepre-chorus to Carpe Diem, Baby).    BROKEN, BEAT & SCARRED:  This is a good little slow down from the first two songs, laying back a little but providing a guitar vs vocal rhythm that makes your head bob up and down involuntarily.  The guitars are arranged in such a way in the pre-chorus, you could swear James did some vocal harmony here.    THE DAY THAT NEVER COMES:  This song has the old ballad structure of Metallica's 2nd, 3rd, and 4th albums: starts off slow, does a couple of verses and chorus's, and then jumps into lyricless face melting thrash.  It's still mostly different sounding then their previous ballads, but it's nice to hear the old structure again.  Metallica has been known to recycle chord changes in previous songs (like with Fade to Black and Unforgiven I), and they do it here again with the chorus sounding strikingly like the bridge from To Live is to Die.  The only downside to this song is that it had no business being their first single from this CD.  A much better song for her first single would have been All Nightmare Long.    ALL NIGHTMARE LONG:  Speaking of which, this song I think is the most well rounded song on the album, blending the heavy fun riffs with hooky guitar riffs.  The chorus to this song is the hookiest I've heard since Until it Sleeps.  This song is very radio friendly while providing enough thrash to please the old school fans.    CYANIDE:  This is another song with a hooky guitar riff in the verse this time.  This song doesn't thrill me, but it doesn't turn me off either.    UNFORGIVEN III:  Forget the fact that this title needs to DIE ALREADY.  Forget that this song is so-so.  Forget that while this song at least does not sound like the previous in the Unforgiven story, but is not as hooky or enjoyable as they were.  The biggest problem with this song is that it has no place on this album.  It's as if they had paused the CD to play you this song before continuing.  It's not a bad song, but it's just an odd shaven spot on anotherwise 5 O'clocked shadowed face.  This honestly should have been saved for a soundtrack or a B-side to another single.  It's just plain Unforgivable (sorry, had to go there).  Perhaps if the vocals were a lot dirtier in the chorus, like the verse was in Unforgiven I, this song wouldn't not have been such a sore thumb.  But, the clean vocals James lays out here was only ever appropriate (and better performed) for Mama Said.    THE JUDAS KISS:  This is another good track on the album, probably in the top 4.  The chorus is pretty much in your face, and the verse is excellently aranged and timed.    SUICIDE & REDEMPTION:  Looks like the boys decided to go back to doing instrumentals, too: slapping together unused riffs from other songs.  This is the least attractive of their instrumentals, but there are some bright spots.  There is a really bouncy riff at the end of the guitar solo that makes you wish it was the main riff to the song, and played a lot more often.    MY APOCALYPSE:  This is a very appropriate ending to the album in the way Damage Inc. finished off Master of Puppets.  This makes it well worth the somewhat bumpy ride to get there.  NOTE: I think I hear James saying \\"yeah\\" through the drum mics at the very end of the song.    Overall, this album has got to be in the top 4 of their catalog, bringing their career musically almost full circle and proving that age has nothing to do with metal.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|I've only ever purchased TV shows by downloading them online, so this was my first purchase of the actual media and I'm very happy with it. This was a great way to package this series. Very elegant case with folders for each season inside. It's nice to have it all in one package instead of having to deal with 7 packages (one per season). Given the fact that this holds 7 season worth of shows, I think it was a great deal for the price. It uses a magnetic clasp to hold the lid closed which works perfectly for this case. Anyone who loves this series will be very happy with this collection.
B00005YUNY|5.0|It seemed like a natural for Yes to expand its live performance through the use of an orchestra, but it did not reach real professional fruition until later in the band's career.<br /><br />It was well worth the wait.<br /><br />In 2001, Yes teamed up with the European Festival Orchestra for two performances at the Heineken Music Hall in Amsterdam. With Tom Brislin on keyboards, Jon Anderson, Chris Squire, Alan White and Steve Howe delivered an awesome retrospective on the band's discography and solo projects.<br /><br />The 194 minutes is a stunning display of sound, with a majestic artistry that compliments the critically-acclaimed release the band was promoting for this tour, Magnification. The tour was a high point in the band's illustrious career. The performance in Amsterdam was something very special and is captured in all of its splendor.
B0016OMFPW|5.0|I absolutely love this album!Roy Hargrove has done it again,but everything he does is great!
031606792X|4.0|I thought the book was a good conclusion to the story.  The wrap up was very neat and very entertaining.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|OK...Look, I am going to just put this out there. Metallica is to Generation X, What Led Zeppelin is to the boomers. We buy their CD's regardless. They are staples in our youth. If Led Zeppelin were to come out with some new material, everyone would say it sucks, or it doesn't sound like them, well guess what? It is 2008! Not 1973, or 1986.   Metallica tried out ST. Anger and it failed. Obviously a band going through growing pains. They hired a great producer in Rick Rubin, and guess what? This CD gets back to THEIR basics, but in 21st century style. Leave MASTER, JUSTICE, and BLACK Album where they are and step forward.  For me, DEATH MAGNETIC is a breath of fresh air for band listening. It rocks! Plain and simple. Honestly this is some of the best music from them since RIDE THE LIGHTNING!!    So, let's all step away from the 1980's and celebrate this new CD!     Honorable tunage:    Broken, Beat & Scarred  The Day That Never Comes  The Judas Kiss  My Apocalypse (This just rips)
B000002HO3|5.0|This man has such talent! He writes a majority of his songs and they are all good! Simply LOVE it!
B0011Z51TI|3.0|Simply the best NEW track is \\"too much too soon\\", but all of the other favorites from American Idiot! Governator I feel is the worst song and shoplifter sounds very Warning like.
B000001F5F|3.0|3 1/2    Brief but blistering early live documentation of the group who, back in their earnest heyday, made terms like \\"arena-rock\\" seem powerful, UABLS might not have been the landmark early live disc fans were hoping for, but still offered ample reason why this sound should be documented (particularly that of Edge's fascinating textures). If they would have put a little more variety into their classic renditions and added a few more choice live cuts the disc could have been necessary (something they are apparently trying to remedy with the upcoming remastered double disc).
0385340990|5.0|I resisted reading this for a while as I thought the format was just, well, weird!  I've never read a novel that was entirely composed of correspondence between the characters.  All I can say is:  I was wrong!  So wrong!  This turned out to be one of the best novels I've read all year.<br /><br />The novel centers around Juliet, a writer who spent WWII writing a humorous column under a pseudonym helping to bring some much needed comic relief to war-torn England.  After the war Juliet is a bit lost and doesn't know which direction to take for her upcoming novel.  By chance she receives correspondence from Dawsey, a farmer on Guernsey who happens to have his hands of a book that used to belong to Juliet.  He writes her seeking information on finding more of works by that author.<br /><br />Through their correspondence we find that Dawsey is a member of The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, a reading group that formed during the desperate days of the German occupation of Guernsey.  Eventually more and more members correspond with Juliet and we, the readers, are treated to the most remarkable stories ranging from horrendous heartbreak to those that make you believe in the resilience of the human spirit again.<br /><br />Each of the characters was so individual, some were just nasty like the island busybody, some were hilarious (Isolda is a particular favorite), and some like Elizabeth are inspiring and heartbreaking at the same time.  While you are horrified by what these characters had to endure during the war, you will be cheering them at the same time for their fortitude and resilience.<br /><br />I highly recommend this special novel!  There really aren't words enough to describe what a special experience reading this novel was to me.  You're just going to have to experience it for yourself.  Five great big shining stars!!
B000002IWH|3.0|3 1/2    This was the first CD I ever purchased and revisiting it reminds me of what a treat some of this soundtrack was. The first half especially shines, offering mostly unreleased or rare tracks of good quality. Once Rollins band kicks off though the steady stream of metal recedes into more generic alternative and industrial territory, though the album ends on a mellow female vibe. The disc is well-rounded and has enough good songs by reputable, diverse alternative groups to seek out, but a weaker second side prevents this soundtrack from becoming truly great.
386521584X|5.0|This book was not by Jack Kerouac. It's by Robert Frank. It's one of the seminal books in the history of photography. Many see it as a hate letter to America, but that's a shallow reading of the book. It's some of the best documentary done by a non-documentarian of the American culture of the period. If you really want to see great photography with a point of view, this is a good start.    I find lots of listings get authorship wrong when the book is about a photographer's work. Amazon needs to fix this basic flaw in their system.
B00005YU1O|5.0|I love the thought provoking dialogue I was expecting that I wasn't completely pleased with the presentation. The way this film is \\"animated\\", to me, distracts fom the message a bit...
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|Her CD has not left my player for 6 months now and I cant' get enough of \\"Hard Candy\\". I adore it for one simple  reason - Madonna's return to using her \\"high and thin\\" voice (as one reviewer described) has me reminiscing  the early days when the Queen of Pop broke onto the scene with \\"Like A Virgin\\".  I fell in love with that airy-girlish-playful voice ! Madonna's return to using \\"the voice\\" transports me away  from all the stress & seriousness of daily living. If I want serious, great vocals, I'll listen to  music by Whitney Houston  or Joni Mitchell.  Simple , Sticky & Sweet is just what the world needs today !
0205313426|5.0|THE ELEMENTS OF STYLE is a great little pocket reference for all writers (creative, essay, or nonfiction).<br /><br />What is most amazing is how it consolidates a wealth of information into accessible, bite-size chapters that are easy to search on and then easy to comprehend.<br /><br />The sections that I have found the most helpful are:<br />1) Verb Subject Agreement for the exceptions, \\"one of\\" and \\"each and every\\".<br />2) Why using the Active Voice is better through exhibition and not b/c it's the general rule.<br />3) Putting statements into positive form (something I had not considered).<br />4) And the entire section on \\"Approach to Style\\".<br /><br />I think that for the price, you can not go wrong with this one. I have GRAMMATICALLY CORRECT by Stilman and SOLUTIONS FOR WRITERS by Stein, both of which I recommend, but if you had to choose the order in which to buy: ELEMENTS OF STYLE, SOLUTIONS FOR WRITERS (as it's not just about writing but the craft of story telling), and then GRAMMATICALLY CORRECT.
031236198X|5.0|I read this book after seeing a review in the New York Times.  It is a quick read, and I totally fell for the fable, as a way to tell a story with a message.<br /><br />I realized after reading Our Iceburg is Melting, that this process sounded familiar, and remembered that I had Kotter's Leading Change on my bookshelf from the time I was working on my MPA. So I took that book off the shelf and read that one again. It reinforced the story of the penguins. I also checked out Kotter's web site [...] which has some really cute videos that illustrate the specific steps in the 8 step change process.<br /><br />There are a variety of testimonials and training videos there, which I found useful. From that web site I learned that Kotter had just finished a book on the first step A Sense of Urgency.  This step, which is by far the hardest to accomplish, was the real issue for me. I bought that book too.<br /><br />I have been working in the nonprofit or government sector my whole career and realize that change is hard everywhere, but especially in places that are not motivated by money.  How do you get complacent organizations to move forward and take risks? Kotter spends virtually half of Our Iceburg is melting on the first step, creating urgency.<br /><br />Fred, the middle management penguin who identifies there is a problem (melting), has to manage up and down the penguin food chain to make people understand the iceburg is indeed melting. He is thwarted by No No, the penguin who resists change, actively and passively.  No No is my favorite in the entire book, if only because Kotter has personalized through this penguin, the folks who are basic blockers for change in organizations where I consult. Kotter offers some great insights in A Sense of Urgency about how to deal with No Nos (and those of their ilk) that could be useful in a nonprofit context.<br /><br />Kotter's 8 step change process makes sense.  This fable is an easy way to engage a group of people in the many steps needed to make organizational change happen. This book is worth your time.change happen. This book is worth your time.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|It makes me sad that such a great CD sounds so bad. Its like winning the lottery and being paid in India Rupees....Maybe it's only a certain run of copies that is affected but I know my copy is tainted. Other people claim to have no problems. For me though, Any time the drums or tempo pick up my speakers sound blown. It ruins the experience. Such a shame. I love the songs but cannot get past the bad sound. My others CD's sound fine. It's the production on Death Magnetic for sure that is the problem. It's a real bummer too. I have waited sooo long for a good Metallica CD to come out. Maybe they will remix and re-release?? I can only hope.
0930289234|5.0|Watchmen is truly amazing. It feels more like a novel than anything else. The characters are brilliant and very 3-d. The art is very nice, but nothing too special. panel for panel, Watchmen is the best comic/grahic novel ever written
B0018OAPAW|4.0|Good, but not great. This band isn't what it used to be. I really enjoyed Smash, Ixnay, and Americana. After that they didn't fall apart, but the albums became average and safe. You know what to expect.
B000W44IZW|5.0|Almost 20 years later, this is still a great movie with an amazing soundtrack! A must see movie!
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|A dvd doesn't do this film justice.  It's not that it's a poor quality dvd, because it isn't.  It's because 'The Fall' is really too much to condense onto a small piece of plastic.    Start with a brilliant story, add incredible acting (brooding Lee Pace and adorable Catinca Untaru) and a visionary director (Tarsem Singh), grab a camera and take them to some of the most beautiful locations that exist on our planet, and you'll have just shy of two hours of, to quote another reviewer, \\"what art dreams about when it sleeps.\\"    It's rare to see a relationship in a film as touching and natural as that which Pace and Untaru display as Roy and Alexandria.  As dark as his depression gets, her wildly vivid imagination tries its absolute hardest to outshine it.    And even without its great storyline, 'The Fall' would be worth watching for its sheer beauty.  It was shot on location in 18 different countries.  The desert with the orange sand?  That's not a set.  In front of the Taj Mahal?  They're in front of the Taj Mahal.  The elephant swimming in the ocean?  That's a real elephant swimming in a real ocean, folks.    Part heartbreaking, part heartwarming; I was sad when it ended, not because the ending isn't satisfying (it is), but because the story was over.    Hopefully, despite being so grossly underrated, you'll hear more about this wonderful gem of a film in the form of Oscar nominations for art direction, cinematography, costuming... and even though she's young, I've never seen a child act as naturally childlike as Untaru.  You'd think she'd never read a script in her life.    Skip adding this to your Netflix queue and buy it.  One of the few movies that's really worth owning.
031606792X|1.0|Amazon has proven itself to me as a wonderful company! BUT this book was shipped and then \\"damaged\\" and sent to the mail recovery center. Had it not been for me tracking my purchase I would never had receved my book!! The lady I talked to from the post office was extremely rude. I contacted Amazon and they were very very helpful and appologetic and shipped my book out the next day.
B001DZDU0I|5.0|Heroin, sadomasochism, paranoia, hangovers, seductive ladies and a big banana on the cover. The Velvet Underground was unique in 1967 -- even if it never made big sales -- and remains unique to this day, no matter how many bands are influenced by them. Not bad for an arty band with zero mainstream appeal!<br /><br />Lou Reed tears through a variety of songs, ranging from gritty hard rock to strange ballads. The most memorable song here is undoubtedly slashing, exotic S/M ode \\"Venus in Furs\\" (\\"Comes in bells, your servant, don't forsake him/Strike, dear mistress, and cure his heart\\"). Elsewhere, he dips into pure rock in the desperate \\"Run, Run, Run,\\" but takes a softer turn with surreal junkie ballads and the eerie, soft \\"Sunday Morning.\\"<br /><br />However, German ex-model Nico -- who departed the band in hazy circumstances after this album -- leads with her seductive monotone. She only had a handful of songs, but they remain some of the best: singsong \\"Femme Fatale,\\" steady and slow \\"All Tomorrow's Parties,\\" and the exquisite ballad \\"I'll Be Your Mirror.\\"<br /><br />The Velvet Underground was probably the first real art band in rock history, formed at a time when megabands like the Rolling Stones were at their peak. But they couldn't have been more different from the heavily-publicized bands -- creepy, dark, and both beautiful and ugly. The Velvet Underground was the reverse of mainstream.<br /><br />The music isn't complex, but it is strangely compelling -- the wiggling guitar at the beginning of \\"Black Angel's Death Song,\\" or the tambourines Nico played in her songs. Nowhere else could musical compositions like \\"Sunday Morning\\" -- the delicate tune reminiscent of a music box -- seem so haunting as they do here.<br /><br />The vocals are excellent, although listeners will probably like one or the other. Lou Reed's high thin voice is a sharp contrast to Nico's accented, husky croon. (Nico left the band after this album, which is a shame), but it's the writing that makes it stand out The songwriting is outstanding, and since the frank references to kinky sex and drugs are nowhere near as shocking now as they were then, the raw quality of the songs can shine.<br /><br />The sparse, slithering music and excellent singing add solidarity to the reputation of the Velvet Underground as a classic. Dark and brooding, debut album \\"Velvet Underground and Nico\\" is an exceptional album.utstanding, and since the frank references to kinky sex and drugs are nowhere near as shocking now as they were then, the raw quality of the songs can shine.    The sparse, slithering music and excellent singing add solidarity to the reputation of the Velvet Underground as a classic. Dark and brooding, debut album \\"Velvet Underground and Nico\\" is an exceptional album.
B0012CMNGY|5.0|One of my faves, Anticipation was used for a ketchup ad and really devalued the song.  I can't listen to it now without thinking of the condiment.  That has taken away from the quality of her work.  Yes her tunes are catchy  but the arrangements and lyrics are first rate.  One of the most cynical songs is 'That's the way I've always heard it should be'.  It was not a huge hit but I think it's one of her best.  Her sensibility may be commercial but most of her songs are beautifully crafted.  The melodies stick in your head, even if you don't want them to.  Too bad she has a phobia about performing, otherwise I'd love to see a concert.
B0011HF6GE|3.0|I was first introduced to bon ivers live recordings such as; skinny love and flume. I was caught off guard to begin with considering how raw and incomparable his voice was to any other. I instantly had to check out the album. Also hearing he recorded it, hidden away in a log cabin got me that much more excited. \\"Sound interesting.. I assume he will still have that rawness.\\" However I was wrong and very dissapointed as it is too commercial friendly for me. This work just became tedious.    Aside from that he really is a talented artist that I would love to see perform. Hes wonderful to watch and it is clear to see he is dominate.
B00005QDW5|5.0|Let's get all the nitpicking out of the way. Firstly, it's a bit funny this compilation is called \\"Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd,\\" when Echoes is presented in an abridged form. This isn't the only song that suffers from being cut short, as the classic Shine On You Crazy Diamond also suffers from unnecessary edits. Breaking apart the songs from Dark Side of the Moon gets rid of the notion of the album being one 42 minute long song. Original segways of songs into other songs are replaced with new ones to fit the track listing of this album.    So why did I give this compilation five stars? Well, given the few flaws stated above, this is still a really fantastic collection of Floyd songs. Every era of the band is represented, and you're given the early singles \\"Arnold Layne\\" and \\"See Emily Play,\\" along with other Barret era songs. Sure, you may feel that there should be more tracks from certain albums, but the track listing gives you a taste of many different times in Floydian history. What's really noteworthy here is the price. For what you're paying, typically no more than $20, you get a hefty amount of material. It's a perfect listen if you want to listen to a Pink Floyd playlist, rather than having to switch out albums.
0060977493|5.0|Was able to find a used copy claimed to be in like new condition. It was just as advertised. Enjoyed the book immensely
0307455874|5.0|As a therapist who sees everyday Americans daily, it is quite apparent to me how very distressed each and every one of us are by the turn of events in this country over the last few years.  People are literally worried sick.  Mr. Obama shines a ray of much needed hope on a despairing country; and with hope comes a rejuvenation of collective spirit.  I'd recommend this book to anyone who is suffering from patriotic anxiety.
0385340990|5.0|I was reluctant to read this book.  The quirky title, I don't like books composed of letters, and I'm not crazy about WW II stories.  All the fuss finally made me curious so I picked it up and started reading it in my book store cafe.  I knew almost instantly that it was my kind of story.  I wanted to join these people in their lives.  Wish I could find friends as wonderful as the characters in this book.  Sherrie
0385720920|5.0|After reading the novel once, I knew I had to own it.  It's a must for any Chuck Palahniuk fan, or to those who haven't had the pleasure to enjoy his work, for anyone who likes things a little on the darker side.  I couldn't live without a Palahniuk fix every day.
B000X1R4S2|5.0|\\"Magnum opus\\" is a Latin phrase which translates to \\"great work,\\" and in my mind this is Stephen King's greatest effort.  I have read and enjoyed nearly everything he has written, but nothing had the long-term, disquieting effect on me that \\"It\\" did and continues to do.    What makes this book so great?  I'm glad you asked.  Allow me to break the answer down into categories:    1. Sheer terror - King has written many scary books, as well as many books that aren't scary but have chilling moments.  From early on until near the end, this book preys upon my mind with fears both natural and supernatural.  The school bullies gave me a shiver with their unreasoning hatred and pursuit of the protagonists.  The monster terrified me with its many shapes and voices, and its appearance as a clown was the coup de grace.  I have never liked clowns, and now they cause a shiver to run down my spine whenever I see them.  Thanks, Steve.  The tacit acceptance of the status quo by Derry's adults may be the most frightening element of all.  If a child can't depend on the adults to keep him/her safe, on whom can he/she depend?  Brrr.  I read this book when I was 27 and lived alone in an apartment.  Every night, when I went to bed, I had to close the door to my walk-in closet.  That darkened maw was simply too much for me after reading this book.    2. The accuracy of the portrayal of the children - kids are vulgar, joyous and cruel, and King not only knows it but did an amazing job of displaying those qualities to us.  The bullies were able to remain mostly under the notice of adults, and thereby wreak havoc on their victims.  The kids, with their occasionally adult perceptions and humor, were a mystery even to their own parents.  Friends mock each other, support each other and love each other.  They exhibit abject cowardice and transcendent bravery.  All of this is commonplace in the world of children, which we as adults rarely see and almost never recall accurately.  King wove this tale with almost no false notes.  I reread it occasionally and the quality of the storytelling never fails to impress me.    3. Quality of language - this is an underrated skill of Mr. King.  His use of language is almost always apropos, often beautiful and verging on the poetic.  He is a master of coining a word or phrase when needed and his use of poetic devices only adds to the reading experience.  This is true of all of his work.  His sense of the real and the ridiculous are also fantastic.  At one point the fearsome clown, after chasing one of the protagonists, begins dancing and informs her that he (the clown) has come to Earth to \\"...learn to do the Peppermint Twist.\\"  Right in the middle of this very tense sequence, I had to laugh aloud.    If you have not read this book, I can't recommend it highly enough.  If they gave me more stars, I would post all of them.  King will be remembered historically as a better writer than his contemporaries thought, and this will be viewed as not only one of his masterpieces but as one of this period's masterpieces.  Buy it, check it out, whatever, but ENJOY IT.
0920668372|5.0|This book is an absolute have to read and give especially if you are the  mother of an only child and that child is a boy. We hear that little girls  never \\"leave home\\" but the same applies for boys in their mother's heart.  When you have been the only \\"girl\\" in your son's life for 20 years it is  hard to pass him off to another girl!!
B000KKPN5C|5.0|I purchased this flash unit mostly to supplement the built-in flash on my Nikon D50.The SB 400 is really a gem. Compact,beautifully designed.The flash head has three positions for bounce flash,which I feel produces far more natural photos than direct flash. An extensive instruction sheet & elegant zippered case are included.The flash uses two AA cells [not included].
1580084621|5.0|Highly recommended! The instruction is easy to follow. The book also includes very careful explanation about special ingredients and how to prepare them (which saves me a lot of time from looking up on the internet). The food is really excellent!!!
B001AOKA3W|1.0|Over hyped, horrible movie, with a worse ending. That sums it up, do not waste your time on this, it is 1.5 hrs of my life and $4 of my video on demand I will never get back.
0930289234|5.0|Great book and it arrived quickly - thanks.<br /><br />ps. Don't lend it to anybody, this is the third one Ive had to buy.<br /><br />Harry.
B000W91RUG|5.0|Just what I needed another show to DVR!  This show is one of the best new shows that came out this past year & I can't wait to see this year.  Just knowing Chuck Lorre came out with another show besides 2 1/2 Men, I knew if was going to be good.  I am proud to say I live in a house of science nerds so we have some personal favorite spots.  I don't know one person who has watched this show & didn't think it was hysterical! Copernicus himself couldn't have done a better job!  If you haven't watched this, it's a definite one to put on your schedule!
B0017MO10U|5.0|As a big fan of stargate and other SF I loved this DVD. Great story and effects. Still sad the show is gone :&lt;
B00192KCQ0|4.0|There are some old metallica elements to this album and some recent new sounds to this album, the style of the songs including thrash riffing and solo's that was absent since the black album is back, but it is back in spots and mixed into the record, it is not a retro sounding album, in my opinion the production  and mixing is closest to st. anger , it is similar in that it is stripped down and sounds like a brutal heavy almost live feel without alot of gloss and sounds enhancement. justice,puppets, and ride the lighting, had a deeper classic ,layered, sound to them that had more reverb and a more open wider soundstage, this album does not have that, it sounds like a modern recording, it is the riffs and the style of playing that has the older elements of metallica. What else that comes across as new is hetfields chorus's on many songs hit a new range melodic yet heavy that gives this album a distinct feel. It is a solid effort from an always solid  band. Credit to metallica , rick rubin did nothing special
B0000DIXDR|5.0|I love this DVD. If you love the movie Dirty Dancing you will love this
031606792X|5.0|This book is the fourth and final part of the Twilight Saga, written by Stephanie Meyer.  The book is divided into three parts: Book One, Book Two, and Book Three.  It is a very interesting book, but it may not be easy to understand unless you have read the previous installments of the saga.  However, Meyer does explain much of what has happened, both to refresh memories and provide explanations for what is going on.  The characters are all basically the same.  There are some new characters towards the end but they all play minor roles.  There is only one new character that is very new and has a very big role.  As opposed to her other books, this books does not have a clear antagonist, there is more of an internal battle within Edward and Bella, each for seperate reasons, and the love triangle between them and Jacob.  This becomes even more complicated towards the beginning of the third part of this book all the way until the end of the entire novel.  Meyer maintains all of the dangerous forbidden romance between Edward and Bella and the very mystery of the whole Cullen family.  She does, however, make more sexual references in this book than in any of her previous ones.  Still, it is all pretty mild, and the cussing is also kept to a minimum.  The climax seemed to me to be a little bit wanting in fulfillment.  It was a lot of suspense that mainly led to nothing.  Even though the climax was not perfect, the story has an exceptional plot and key events that keep the readers turning the page.  It is very well-written and I'm sure all who have read the previous installments of the saga will be sad to finish the end.  Yet again, there is much left to the imagination, it is only the beginning of the end...
B0000AUHPG|5.0|Sergio Leone's monumental western epic, 'Once Upon A Time In The West' (1969) is a western movie that truly has to be seen to be believed and fully deserves its reputation as a classic. Visually, this film is a treat for the eyes, as the beautiful cinematography and photography are unmatched by anything else of its time (with the exception of perhaps, Hell in the Pacific) and combined with the excellent sound editing, makes for a very realistic-looking vision of the American Old West. This is especially true in the movie's opening scene, where three villainous goons lie in wait for a train supposedly carrying their intended quarry for a good 15 minutes. The near absence of any musical score during this scene along with its languid pacing and silence aside from a aged windmill creaking, flies buzzing and the wind softly sowing, instantly drew me in and made me feel like I was actually there.<br /><br />The story is a highly-engrossing and very involving one, too, with multiple storylines for the lead characters of Henry Fonda, Jason Robards, Charles Bronson and Claudia Cardinale all intricately interwoven and interconnected in a fascinating, almost 'Traffic'-like style. The plot is a little tough to follow at some points but it engages your interest throughout by keeping you guessing and it all comes together full circle in a fully revealing, amazing, and shocking finale. The acting all throughout from the phenomenal cast is uniformly excellent as well. I especially liked Charles Bronson's portrayal of the enigmatic gunman known only as Harmonica, for the instrument he carries around his neck and plays in eerie, mournful tunes that sharply accent and herald his on-screen presence in certain scenes. And you'll simply be blown away by Henry Fonda as the callous, throughly evil killer, Frank. Even for a western villain, his bad-guy factor is off the charts in this film. The always-entertaining Jason Robards (who I really admire as an actor alot) also manages to get a few of the movie's best lines and moments. Claudia Cardinale as the wealthy land baroness is tie linking their three paths and fates together. It's all done marvelously well.<br /><br />As big and as excellent as this movie is, I don't know how I ever missed it seeing before on TV. If you want to experience to the 19th Century Wild West as it truly was, this movie is about as close as most of us can get. A visually stunning and fascinating tale! I strongly recommend this movie, even to viewers who don't normally like westerns. Five stars.<br /><br />I kind of prefer to think of this movie as an unofficial prequel to Sergio Leone's later, 20th Century epic, 'Once Upon A Time In America' (1984). Oh, boy ; looks like I'm up for the daunting task of reviewing that movie next!e movie's best lines and moments. Claudia Cardinale as the wealthy land baroness is tie linking their three paths and fates together. It's all done marvelously well.      As big and as excellent as this movie is, I don't know how I ever missed it seeing before on TV. If you want to experience to the 19th Century Wild West as it truly was, this movie is about as close as most of us can get. A visually stunning and fascinating tale! I strongly recommend this movie, even to viewers who don't normally like westerns. Five stars.     I kind of prefer to think of this movie as an unofficial prequel to Sergio Leone's later, 20th Century epic, 'Once Upon A Time In America' (1984). Oh, boy ; looks like I'm up for the daunting task of reviewing that movie next!
0307269752|2.0|I started reading this book with high expectations but was extremely disappointed. The book has a good plot BUT was extremely overladened with boring and repetitive details. The story was hidden somewhere in this book and was painful at times to get to. Many times I just wanted to scream out \\"Just get to the point now!\\" Very choppy writing style that did not flow. A book should not be a chore to finish....this one was!
0380789035|4.0|I have a particular weakness for irreverent humor, satire, and surreality, so when I was recommended to read \\"American Gods\\" by Neil Gaiman I was agreeable. I had loved Sandman and his joint-venture with Terry Pratchett in [[ASIN:0060853972 Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch (Discworld)]]. However, I was surprised and found myself eagerly devouring this novel because it was unique, not many books are able incorporate mythology, satire, and humor so successfully.<br /><br />As always, Gaiman brings together an adventure that matches wit and fantasy with mythological themes and contemporary storytelling. In the heartlands of America, its settlers and immigrants brought with them the beliefs and myths of their homelands. Those gods and other mystical creatures from folklore and mythology are now living amongst us, getting by and dealing with the day-to-day issues all mortals face...mortgages, money, death, and taxes.<br /><br />It is this world to which an ex-con, Shadow, is slowly introduced as he takes employment with a mysterious man named, Mr. Wednesday. Here he meets a drunk leprechaun, talking animals from old folk stories, and a cacophony of deities as he helps his employer gather up the old gods in a defensive bid against the rise of the new gods of modern America such as the internet, credit cards, and media, Shadow finds himself a pawn in a very dangerous game.<br /><br />On the whole the novel progressed smoothly through the plot. Only a few chapters interrupted the flow. These occasional interruptions were origin tales describing an Old World god's introduction to America. On their own, they were intelligent and gripping, I would have loved to learn more about Odin, or the woman who brought the Little Folk with her from Ireland. As part of a whole, they simply broke my immersion in Shadow's story and served no clear narrative purpose. You would be reading along minding your own business and then a new chapter would be come up and it would feel as if was a completely different story tucked in the middle. Perhaps if they were presented in a different way it wouldn't have felt so out of place.<br /><br />Gaiman's tale was easily read and pulled you along an engaging adventure. To see these once-great beings acting just like regular people down on their luck gave the book just the right amount of irony and humor without it being preachy, corny, or even religious. I was pleased that \\"American Gods\\" features increasingly odd and surreal moments that made me eagerly turn each page to see what happens next.f was a completely different story tucked in the middle. Perhaps if they were presented in a different way it wouldn't have felt so out of place.    Gaiman's tale was easily read and pulled you along an engaging adventure. To see these once-great beings acting just like regular people down on their luck gave the book just the right amount of irony and humor without it being preachy, corny, or even religious. I was pleased that \\"American Gods\\" features increasingly odd and surreal moments that made me eagerly turn each page to see what happens next.
B0017I1FO4|5.0|I like everything about this new CD.  It has hard, driving songs as well as melodic selections that I find myself humming all day.  If you've bought Shinedown music before or if this is your first exposure to them, you'll enjoy this.
B00159679S|5.0|There's not really a lot to say about a package containing all post-Rienzi operas from Bayreuth at less than $2/disc.  I can't seriously imagine anyone being disappointed by this set:  cast after cast of superb singers, conductors -- all bathed in that glorious Bayreuth sound.  Some might argue over one performance vs. others, but there are no disappointments here.  Decca deserves congratulations for making this available.
B0000009TK|5.0|SIMPLY PUT, THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS THAT FRANK ZAPPA EVER PUT OUT.  FROM HIS 1988 \\"BIG BAND' TOUR, THE MUSIC RUNS THE GAMUT FROM CLASSICAL COMPOSITIONS, JAZZ CLASSICS, POLITICAL SATIRE, OLD ZAPPA FAVORITES, BLUES, EXTENDED JAMS FROM THE SPECTACULAR BAND HE PUT TOGETHER (WHEN DIDN'T HE?), A VERY FAT HORN SECTION, AND SOME ABSOLUTELY BLISTERING GUITAR SOLOS FROM FZ.  GREAT ALBUM.
0385333846|4.0|This is a book I'd always put off reading because of the title. I couldn't figure out what it meant, and it sounded too weird for me. In fact it is more literal than I imagined:  it refers to five army personnel who survive the bombing of Dresden by taking shelter in a slaughterhouse.  It must have seemed a very clever book back when it was written, some 40 years ago now, but all the time-travel and general avant-garde story-telling is so mainstream today that it hardly registers.    In other words, the impact has lessened, and it's probably even dated a little.  I don't want to be too harsh, though.  This is a very powerful work, and once you know for sure that the author's own experiences were the catalyst, you can't fail to be moved as the novel moves towards its astonishing climax.  It's also very witty and laugh-out-loud funny in many places.
0061537934|5.0|I have lived in households that have included dogs my whole life.  I have loved and bonded with a few through the years, including my present companion, a robust Chocolate Lab.  I was glad to discover this small masterpiece.<br /><br />First of all, I love the title.  The Art of Racing in the Rain, told from the perspective of a dog named Enzo (after Ferrari) is a moving tale of love, loss and betrayal -- of overcoming impossible barriers and ultimate triumph.  Enzo's master, Denny Swift, is a talented race car driver.  He is also husband to Eve, father to Zoe, and this core family is Enzo's Universe.  Enzo has gained great wisdom and insight from his master and from watching TV, including among other things racing videos and the Weather Channel.  Enzo tells the story of Denny's life with honesty and insight.  Through Enzo's eyes we find a hero in Denny, a good man who doesn't look at the wall as his car (and his life) spins out of control, but at the track.  This is perhaps my favorite racing metaphor on life:  that Denny does not meet the wall, but regains the track, even when he is racing blind.  For Eve, Denny's dying wife, I feel incredible compassion.  Eve, so afraid to be alone she asks Enzo to stay with her through the night and protect her, then whispers \\"thank you\\" to her protector on surviving the darkness.  Young Zoe is her father's spirit, a tender, resilient child who completes the family.  This novel keeps is eye on the next turn and remains on the track.<br /><br />What struck me in particular in The Art of Racing in the Rain was the great character development that emerged through Enzo's straightforward reporting.  I discovered Denny Swift navigating his difficult life with constraint, faith, courage and passion; Eve as a tender soul who endures even knowing she is doomed; Zoe, a bright, innocent child whose understanding far outpaces her years; \\"the Twins,\\" Maxwell and Trish, flat, shallow and despicably impotent.  I felt that I already knew Mark Fein, the bright, bombastic attorney.  This all seems so seamless, so simple and I am sure it was the hardest part.  Mr. Stein, congratulations and thank you., bombastic attorney.  This all seems so seamless, so simple and I am sure it was the hardest part.  Mr. Stein, congratulations and thank you.
B0000029LG|4.0|This product would have received 5 stars if it would have gotten here a little faster and the discs were not switched and it was a little \\"beat up\\" case wise.  Other than that, I'm happy with the service, the product, and I would definitely use this seller again!
B000002I4W|1.0|Ornette Coleman is a revoluationary musician. I do not like his approach to music. I do not like the way he plays the saxophone nor do I dig his tone. There is one thing I do respect about him: he opened the doors for many musicians and sparked an evolution in this music we call jazz. He opened many people's ears to start exploring.<br /><br />\\"The Shape Of Jazz To Come\\" isn't my kind of jazz album. I came to the music with no pre-conceived notions and a clear and open mind, but yet I still couldn't get the vibe. For one thing, I like chords. I like to hear harmony. This recording just didn't really draw me in. I love horn players and a great rhythm section, but I would have liked to hear chords being played by a pianist or guitarist.<br /><br />Free jazz is something that always bothered me, because the music itself is chaotic. It's not very interesting or melodic. It doesn't have anything a listener or even musician can grab onto. It's just totally \\"up in the air\\" so to speak. You can't make heads or tails out of it. It's something that just hasn't ever appealed to me. I have listened to Coleman, Cecil Taylor, John Zorn (he's actually done some good music), Coltrane's free period, Derek Bailey, Evan Parker, Anthony Braxton, etc. I'm sorry but this music just doesn't do anything for me.<br /><br />\\"The Shape Of Jazz To Come\\" was a milestone in the beginnings of free jazz, but I have yet to hear a single free jazz recording that makes me want to keep listening.<br /><br />I would only buy this album for its historical purposes. I'll always listen to Miles, Monk, Blakey, Clifford Brown, Gillespie, etc, because their art is timeless and can be enjoyed by everyone.
B000UOOT1W|4.0|I am somewhat new to Carlos Santana, introduced to him years ago with Smooth and promptly forgotten. I find this CD to be a wonderful compilation of his work. I know little about Carlos Santana's previous albums or his personal life but I still am amazed by his guitar solos, featured guest singers, and the general feelings of his songs.
B00005JL78|3.0|This movie made me squirrely, disconcerted, agitated, not because it was a movie with an important message to convey, but because it was exploitive and edgy just for the sake of edginess.<br />It's a futuristic overwrought work in which a precrime unit in Washington, DC, in 2054 prevents murders by using pre-cogs, pre-cognitive slaves who can see into the future and predict crimes that are going to take place. The three pre-cogs, male twins and a woman are kept in a vat of water with electrodes attached. The means justifies the ends, get it.<br />Tom Cruise is head of the unit; he's an anally-retentive, wired spring about to snap. He seems constipated or suffering from hemorrhoids throughout. He plays the role with extreme seriousness. Warning: the series of scenes about his eyes are very disconcerting. Scanners can identify people by their eyes so you get the picture.<br />Without giving any of the plot away, it's sufficient to say all the stuff regarding Tom Cruise's eyes is excruciatingly painful to view.<br />It's an unrelenting movie in which the tables are turned, and the crime fighters target Cruise. In super-hero fashion he fights off platoons of \\"cops,\\" and learns that he has been set up. His escape with the female pre-cog is harrowing and too disconcerting. He performs unbelievable feats in his escape.<br />Max von Sydow is very good as Cruise's wily boss. Colin Farrell has a one-dimensional role that doesn't give him a chance to show off his real acting talent. Veteran actress Lois Smith is very good as the morally reprehensible \\"mad\\" scientist who even makes a pass at Cruise.<br />If this is your taste, you'll love it. If it isn't, you may cringe. Optical surgeons may shed a few tears over it. I realize mine is a minority report; most people are going be ga-ga eyed over this flick.
1572816112|5.0|The Deviant Moon Tarot deck is easy to read, even for beginners.  The cards are well-detailed. They seem very dark and urban at first glance, or even at a second, but the lightness and variations in expressions allows fuller meaning to each card.  You'll want to try these cards just to see if these slightly insane pictures will add a little depth to your readings, and you'll love them if you are a tarot collector!
B000YABIQ6|5.0|This show restores my faith in television again. What a great show. It's not loud, demanding, or raunchy. It's sophisticated and subtle. Where a look or a glance is priceless, and sometimes the best line of the show is what is left unsaid. In many regards the sophistication of the character development reminds me of HBO's Deadwood. Of course Deadwood was set in American frontier times and Mad Men is set in 1960's Madison Avenue. Great show. A joy to watch and rewatch.
B0017I1FNK|5.0|Emmylou sounds like she is experiencing life that has past and looking ahead toward her future.  Only her future is not of this world.  The things that used to be important, such as children, love, and possessions are no longer needed.  The only thing she needs now is her soul.  And this lady will never lose that!  Great album for the old souls among us...
031606792X|4.0|I loved the whole Twilight Saga.  After I first read Breaking Dawn I will say that I was slightly disappointed in some aspects of the story.  But because I am a huge fan I read up on Stephenie Meyer's website under the  frequently asked questions about Breaking Dawn. I found that I was satisfied with how the story was told based on her explainations of the much debated pregnancy issue and the lack of action in the confrontation with the Volturi in the end.  I really hope Stephenie reconsiders finishing Midnight Sun.  I read the partial draft that is posted on her website and it is incredible.  Better than Twilight, in my opinion.  Can't wait until the movie!!!!
B001277M5Q|5.0|Well, when I bought this record some days ago, I haven't any expectations about it. Maybe I just bought this to hear together the sound of Cavalera brothers. But, hey! It really blowed me! With musical ideas very, very different to what I had heard (and expected) from various groups and soloists recently (old and new). This record really owns my 5 stars because it has very (dirty and) strong and heavy songs... With a very clean sound (very well achieved to my ears)... I am still hearing it (strange to me to repeat once and again a record nowadays) and really still blows me apart... With explicit lyrics, but, well... What other thing will you expect from Max?
B000W4D94I|3.0|I have this in regular DVD as well as Blu-Ray. It is one of the movies that is light and lively and enjoyable to watch from time to time. I looked forward to the production in Blu-Ray but was disappointed. The Blu-Ray product was not much better than the regular DVD when played in my Blu-Ray player which like other Blu-Ray players has the upconvert feature. While I enjoy the superior quality of most of the Blu-Ray movies that I have bought, this movie, while good, did not make the leap in superior picture quality that it could have when being converted to Blu-Ray.
0887307280|5.0|I'm only 1/2 way through this book, but have been taking notes along the way.  E Myth delivers methodical, but practical sensibility of the big picture for business owners like me.  Stop running into the same circles of bad habits and start working ON your business and not IN your business!
B00009MGGI|5.0|We could hardly wait to recieve this Video set.  We rented the first one from the Wallingford library and it had to be collected from a different library.  It is a wonderful offering.    Sharon Cioffi
B00192KCQ0|4.0|It's been a while since Metallica have really rocked out hardcore metal style; 2003's St. Anger was devoid of any guitar solos (!), and its more stripped-down sound was a challenge for many die-hard Metallica fans who were weaned on their late `80s power-metal epics, and the band's psychological help documentary caused the band to come off as, well, a bit less than the bada** death rockers they had made their image. Metallica fans, however, will be happy to hear that Death Magnetic has enough double-bass thunder and guitarist Kirk Hammett's speedy solos to make up for St. Anger's changes. Those who were never real fans to begin with, on the other hand, probably shouldn't be listening to Metallica's brand of metal anyways.<br /><br />Necromantic producer Rick Rubin, he whose recent work has looked like a who's-who of washed-up artists aiming to resurrect their careers, is at the helm for Death Magnetic, Metallica's first change of producer since 1991. It's turned out to be their best decision in years; as he did with Johnny Cash and Neil Diamond, Rubin takes singer James Hetfield and co. back to the basics. In other words, Hetfield snarls and roars in his instantly recognizable manner, Ulrich's bass drum is seemingly constantly at work and his snares are crispier than ever, bassist Trujillo's lines rumble ominously, and the blistering scales and spiraling guitar  work by Hammett turn the clock back to 1988 and ...And Justice For All on nearly every song.<br /><br />Then again, if you didn't really like Metallica to begin with, or metal in general, don't look for Death Magnetic to change your perception anytime soon. Hetfield's lyrics are still as shallow as ever and tend to meander around metal's favorite themes (see: death, hatred, suicide, jealousy, etc.), and with titles like \\"Cyanide,\\" \\"Suicide & Redemption,\\" and \\"Broken, Beat & Scarred,\\" it's not hard to figure out which is which. No one is ever going to applaud Metallica's instrumental subtlety on songs like speed-metal repetition of \\"That Was Just Your Life,\\" and the fact that seven out of ten of the songs on the album clear the seven-minute mark and well beyond. On the one song that is really distinguishable from the others on more than just different rhythms and guitar solos, \\"The Unforgiven III,\\" Metallica prove to all the haters that they can still do soft; the tune is a mood masterpiece of tasteful drums and strings among proper rock-out guitar. While Metallica brought metal to the masses back in the `80s, Death Magnetic and Rick Rubin have finally provided the reverse, bringing Metallica back to metal and sounding awfully reinvigorated in the process.ition of \\"That Was Just Your Life,\\" and the fact that seven out of ten of the songs on the album clear the seven-minute mark and well beyond. On the one song that is really distinguishable from the others on more than just different rhythms and guitar solos, \\"The Unforgiven III,\\" Metallica prove to all the haters that they can still do soft; the tune is a mood masterpiece of tasteful drums and strings among proper rock-out guitar. While Metallica brought metal to the masses back in the `80s, Death Magnetic and Rick Rubin have finally provided the reverse, bringing Metallica back to metal and sounding awfully reinvigorated in the process.
B00003CXC6|4.0|Akira Kurosawa had been a filmmaker for almost a decade, since his 1943 debut film Sugata Sanshiro, and had some renown in his native Japan, when, in 1950, his film Rashomon rocketed him to international acclaim, including the Academy Award For Best Foreign Film, after winning the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival brought the film and its director, and Japanese cinema, a Western audience. He deserved every plaudit he received for it, as well as every ticket sold, because it is an excellent film. Yes, there are some flaws- minor, such as the all too sunny (literally) ending, and some of the over the top hammy acting of Toshiro Mifune as the bandit Tajomaru, but given what was coming out of Hollywood at the time- mind-numbing musicals and grade B comedies- Kurosawa brought filmmaking style back to an earlier, simpler place, even as he many times over increased the bar for narrative complexity. Given that the film is not even an hour and a half long, the many interpretations of the multifarious actions of the characters are all the more impressive.<br />  The story is as familiar as it is simple. The central ostensible narrative concerns the rape of a woman (Machiko Kyo) and the murder of her Samurai husband (Masayuki Mori), both unnamed, in the 11th or 12th Century, in a wooded glen. The main suspect is the notorious bandit Tajomaru (Mifune), yet, the viewer cannot be certain, for never do we get a single unbiased version of the events that transpire. All three of the main characters tell self-serving versions of the story of how the lady was raped and the Samurai murdered....The film does stretch real reality, a bit, in that while it is well known that minor differences crop up in people's versions of singular events, such glaring inconsistencies as whether or not the Samurai died of a knife or sword wound are implausible, even given the film's setting. But, we allow for this dramatic license because the resonance of the tale's moral is so profound, as well the fact that Kurosawa does not cop out by giving us a `real' authoritative version. That said, the end of the film, after the differing tales of the crime have been discussed thoroughly by the woodcutter, priest, and commoner, Kurosawa seems to stumble, as if he did not have a really good way to end the film. The commoner hears a baby, who's been abandoned at the temple. He steals its blanket, and the priest and woodcutter try to stop him, claiming him evil. He responds by implying that the abandoning parents were evil, and that the woodcutter is a liar, and possible killer. Off into the rain he goes, with his booty. The priest and woodcutter stand with the child until the rain breaks and the sun emerges. The woodcutter offers to take the babe as his own, that he has six children already, and another mouth will hardly matter. The priest feels that his optimism about life and mankind, so tested by the events he has seen, is reaffirmed by the woodcutter's generous offer, and the sun shines through the clouds. That such a terrifically subtle and ambiguous film ends so tritely (the emergent sun and abandoned and rescued baby are a simply awful and heavy-handed use of symbolism), and preachily, reminded me of the greatly disappointing ending that Fyodor Dostoevsky tacked on to Crime And Punishment, in his two terrible epilogues that hammer the book's themes into a reader's head, for he distrusted his own book's ability to convey those themes. The visual and musical aspects of the film's ends do much to mitigate the narrative drop to the floor Crime And Punishment bears, and Rashomon is still a great film, partly because its ending is not as bad as Crime And Punishment's, and partly because it reaches greater artistic heights, and dares more conventions, than Dostoevsky's novel. Still, there's no excuse for its veer from even greater heights, even if the last few minutes are not the heart of the film.<br />  While all the actors are wonderful, too much attention has been given to Toshiro Mifune's loony overacting (sometimes a necessity for the comic and divergent elements to emerge) as the bandit. Yes, this film made him a star, but the best performance in the film is by Masayuki Mori, already a major film and stage star in Japan. His is a far less showy role than Mifune's, but he conveys the slight differences all the versions the others tell with none of the easy visual pyrotechnics Mifune's almost boobish bandit is allowed. The raising of an eyebrow can mean the difference between truth and lie, and Mori is expert at walking the line between those ends. Machiko Kyo, as the wife, is the least notable performer.<br />  This motto of the film is not only true, but so powerfully true that the term Rashomon Effect was coined to signify the differing perceptions of individuals over singular events, and has been used in both psychological and jurisprudential venues. Ultimately, the film is about even more than the difficulties of interpreting reality and truth, but about how and why they swerve under the force of mere human egoism. Of course, the beauty of the film really lies in the fact that all of its viewers think it's about something other than what it may ultimately be about, which only recapitulates the internal characters' dilemmas, further binding us emotionally in their angst, making us feel what they live. In this empathy Kurosawa cinches and twists that bind, and we are turned from mere percipients into purveyors of an art and reality for our own selves that we, unfortunately, too rarely experience.Toshiro Mifune's loony overacting (sometimes a necessity for the comic and divergent elements to emerge) as the bandit. Yes, this film made him a star, but the best performance in the film is by Masayuki Mori, already a major film and stage star in Japan. His is a far less showy role than Mifune's, but he conveys the slight differences all the versions the others tell with none of the easy visual pyrotechnics Mifune's almost boobish bandit is allowed. The raising of an eyebrow can mean the difference between truth and lie, and Mori is expert at walking the line between those ends. Machiko Kyo, as the wife, is the least notable performer.    This motto of the film is not only true, but so powerfully true that the term Rashomon Effect was coined to signify the differing perceptions of individuals over singular events, and has been used in both psychological and jurisprudential venues. Ultimately, the film is about even more than the difficulties of interpreting reality and truth, but about how and why they swerve under the force of mere human egoism. Of course, the beauty of the film really lies in the fact that all of its viewers think it's about something other than what it may ultimately be about, which only recapitulates the internal characters' dilemmas, further binding us emotionally in their angst, making us feel what they live. In this empathy Kurosawa cinches and twists that bind, and we are turned from mere percipients into purveyors of an art and reality for our own selves that we, unfortunately, too rarely experience.
076535618X|5.0|The Last Colony    This book is the latest in John Scalzi's series of super humans, and while many have considered him the next Heinlein, that bit gets bandied around way too much. He is not the next Heinlein but he is an phenomenal writer. The Old Man's war series (This is book 3 of the series) is some of the best writing to come out of the \\"brat pack\\" of authors (Sagan, Scalzi, and Doctorow) that are setting down some of the newer riffs in modern science fiction writing.     The last colony is a book about love, hope, betrayal, and stubbornness, and how all of that will overcome the best laid machinations of government and military. When you promote someone and give them freedom of action to do something, never be surprised that they will work on their own agenda rather than yours.     The story starts off with the Hero John Perry and his wife Sagan are talked into leading a colony after the events in Old Mans War and Sagan's story in the Ghost Brigades. We also learn how Zoe (adopted daughter) has become the icon of an alien race without emotions, and how the starting to be teenage daughter deals with that, along with colonizing a new planet. Of course everything also goes wrong, the combined space races have declared a moratorium on new colonies without approval of the interstellar alliance. If you do they wipe out your colony from orbit, which is not the way that you want to end your day. The interesting part about this is the colonial defense group does not want to be part of the alliance, but along comes Perry and Sagan. And things do not end up the way that anyone expected them to be. While there is no planned follow up and Zoe's Tale is not yet available, this is one universe that is worth exploring, and hopefully Scalzi will continue the story because it is compelling, interesting, and just plain fun to read science fiction.     Rated this book 5 stars, this is a must purchase, but get the whole series, this is the 3rd in the series, and you will really want the background information.
B001CC7PPI|2.0|Some films show their age, and others do not. Despite its reputation as a classic of great filmmaking, Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 film Rear Window, unfortunately, shows its age far too much. No, it's certainly not a bad film, by any standard, and is a pretty good one, but it's not one of Hitchcock's best, much less a great film, nor deserving of any place in the Top 100 Films lists of the last few years. Technically, it deserves many plaudits, but what really fails is the screenplay, written originally by John Michael Hayes for a radio play, and adapted from a short story by Cornell Woolrich. Yes, one can suspend disbelief from night till day comes, but the whole idea that a man would murder his wife and cut up her body all in front of an open window is sheerly implausible, even back in the 1950s New York milieu the film takes place in. Even one of the film's characters, Lisa Fremont (Grace Kelly) comments on that fact, but it's not with irony, which only highlights the film's greatest failing- its implausibility.<br />  Now, there are genres where the suspension of disbelief is absolutely essential. For example, one of my favorite films from childhood, the original Planet Of The Apes (1968) requires a great suspension of disbelief, far more so than Rear Window does. After all, the Charlton Heston character, Colonel Taylor, a veteran trained astronaut and scientist, goes throughout the whole film not recognizing the sun and moon, the constellations, the unlikely evolutionary odds that humans and apes could evolve anywhere but Earth, and that the apes speak English, no less! It's not until he sees the wreck of the Statue Of Liberty that he realizes he's back on our world. I was four or five when I first saw the film, and knew it was Earth a minute or two after the astronauts arrived on the Planet Of The Apes. Perhaps too closely studying books on geology and science destroys a youthful ability to suspend disbelief, but the rest of the film was so brilliantly satirical that the implausibilities were minor solecisms. In short, there is no story unless we accept these liberties with common sense, including the fact that the astronauts could be frozen in suspended animation for two eons. It's an all or none proposition- accept, or walk out of the theater. Genres that depend on the implausible- like sci fi and horror, demand such of their audience, and once given it's foolish to quibble over things like time travel, faster than light speed, aliens, modern dinosaurs, ghosts, atomic age mutants, or the like....The plot is well known.... While not a great film overall, Rear Window is a technically great film. The camera work by cinematographer Robert Burks is first rate, and the film goes over many standard Hitchcock themes such as voyeurism- especially apt in this cyberworld of 24/7 voyeurism, marriage as a horror, and challenging technical restrictions, as in Lifeboat and Rope. There are many small moments in the film that work for effect- such as pure mise-en-scene shots of Jeff or the neighbors doing minor things unrelated to the main tale. And, there is some comedy, such as after Jeff is tossed out the window, and Thorwald is arrested, Stella comments to the cops, `I don't want any part of it', when asked about assisting in the search for Anna Thorwald's body. Still, none of the many pluses of the film are enough to lift the film up from a good, solid period piece, for Rear Window's reputation is based largely upon its claim to being a slice of `realism'. It's not. It's far closer to melodrama with its reliance on coincidences and implausibilities- not to mention the very sexism of the premise that a woman is so predictable that even her murder can be deduced by small deviances from that predictability, to propel the main action along. And melodrama, while it can often be great fun, is almost never great art. Rear Window is vastly overrated, and no exception that proves the rule. It is the rule, and that's a fact no amount of suspended disbelief can alter.disbelief can alter.
1401216676|5.0|Coolest Batman ever    This is one of the best in the entire batman series, and Alan Moore is one of the best comic book writers to come out of the AD 2000 group. Having this in hard cover just makes this one of the more important books on the book shelf, or more likely near where we read every day. The idea behind the killing joke is that we get to see just how bad the Joker could be. We are used to the failed Joker on the TV series, and in the earlier comic books where Batman and crew always Pow the enemy. But this time the story line is darker, and fitting as part of the change in the batman series that started when the original comic book series came out.     This darker batman has bad things happen to him and the people around him. There is a penalty paid for being who he is and what he does, the Killing Joke is part of the foundation of this darker batman that has proven so popular over the last 20 years. Batman becomes real, more complex, and it is the Joker that will lead the way to this more complex darker batman over the next 20 years. The book dives deep into the process of the Joker, who he is, and just how truly insane the Joker has become. Not for kids, but for batman fans above the age of 14, this is the starting book to read, as it puts a foundation for the later 90's 00's batman that we have become accustomed to.     Five star book, worth reading.
B001B6K2TG|4.0|I've been a long fan of Wyntons...even in the earlier years, when he was just a trumpet machine...no soul.  He has progressed fairly well over the years.  His playing has relaxed and he is not the ' professor' of music anymore. Willie is just Willie. A relaxed , and easy style. A moderately weak tenor with a lot of feeling.  He has gone through a lot since his early years as a writer.  This has given him strong credentials as a performer.  I think as a collaborative effort, blending styles and musical backgrounds, this is very good. It's one to collect and listen too.
B001FOR580|5.0|The Last Colony    This book is the latest in John Scalzi's series of super humans, and while many have considered him the next Heinlein, that bit gets bandied around way too much. He is not the next Heinlein but he is an phenomenal writer. The Old Man's war series (This is book 3 of the series) is some of the best writing to come out of the \\"brat pack\\" of authors (Sagan, Scalzi, and Doctorow) that are setting down some of the newer riffs in modern science fiction writing.     The last colony is a book about love, hope, betrayal, and stubbornness, and how all of that will overcome the best laid machinations of government and military. When you promote someone and give them freedom of action to do something, never be surprised that they will work on their own agenda rather than yours.     The story starts off with the Hero John Perry and his wife Sagan are talked into leading a colony after the events in Old Mans War and Sagan's story in the Ghost Brigades. We also learn how Zoe (adopted daughter) has become the icon of an alien race without emotions, and how the starting to be teenage daughter deals with that, along with colonizing a new planet. Of course everything also goes wrong, the combined space races have declared a moratorium on new colonies without approval of the interstellar alliance. If you do they wipe out your colony from orbit, which is not the way that you want to end your day. The interesting part about this is the colonial defense group does not want to be part of the alliance, but along comes Perry and Sagan. And things do not end up the way that anyone expected them to be. While there is no planned follow up and Zoe's Tale is not yet available, this is one universe that is worth exploring, and hopefully Scalzi will continue the story because it is compelling, interesting, and just plain fun to read science fiction.     Rated this book 5 stars, this is a must purchase, but get the whole series, this is the 3rd in the series, and you will really want the background information.
B0012Q732O|1.0|Saw this with my sweety and even though it was fun to laugh at it was like laughing at a video of someone's coffin falling out of a hearse. Funny at first but in fact not funny.
0316067598|5.0|One of my favorite books.  I got a copy for my dad and both of my sons, all of which were/are Marines.  My dad reads a lot of war books, and he said it was the best he has ever read.  This is the only book he has ever said that about.  I won't go into details, since others have.  I'll just say that it is a very good book.
074325144X|5.0|Sometimes it is hard to read about something, rather than just doing it. But in this case, it is so well written, and walks you through some prep exercises, and that it makes it very easy to read and digest.     The other feature about this book is that CHI RUNNING is communicated in a very logical manner, which one might not expect from something with \\"CHI\\" in the title.     As an avid yogini, this ties in well with the concept of developing the core and allowing the muscles to relax (which sounds contrary) while running. It makes sense!!
0195067142|5.0|I can't go into detail since I didn't read it myself, but my dad enjoyed it a lot.
0596522347|5.0|'slide:ology: The Art and Science of Creating Great Presentations' is a fantastic book that shows you how to create better presentations, plain and simple.  In 250+ pages you get a great guide that is perfect for all presenters or people that help in the presentation process.  Not a book to teach you how to use PowerPoint better, this book goes through all the nuts and bolts and does it very well.  From diagramming to arrangement to images and slides this book teaches you the fundamentals of how to get the most bang from your buck when you need to get a good presentation out the door.  Relying on case studies and 20 years of industry experience the author tells you what has made her company successful and how YOU can be successful as well, getting ideas out in the most efficient way possible.<br /><br />If you are in the field, pick up this book TO-DAY.<br /><br />***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
B000FILW86|4.0|The title of this album refers to the band's hometown of Rockford Illinois.  After the rather bland \\"Special One\\" three years earlier \\"Rockford\\" was a nice return to form.  This album garnered high praise from the music press and although I don't think it quite lives up to the hype it is a very nice album from the veteran band.  \\"Welcome To The World\\", \\"If It Takes A Lifetime\\", \\"Come On Come On\\", \\"O Claire\\", and \\"All Those Years\\" are all great songs.  The rest of the album is pretty solid as well, although for latter day Cheap Trick I don't think this one quite stacks up against the self titled \\"Cheap Trick\\" album from 1997.  Overall though \\"Rockford\\" is a very good Cheap Trick album and a big improvement over the band's last outing \\"Special One\\".   These old guys can still sound fresh and they can rock as hard as ever.
B000089CJI|4.0|I like this album as much today as I did when I purchased it four years ago.
B00000F14B|1.0|CD worked for half the movie then nothing.  Repeated attempts to play were fruitless.  Nothing.
031606792X|5.0|WARNING* I guess if you haven't read it then this has some SPOILERS in it*<br />Consider yourself warned!<br /><br />Okay, so there are some pretty great points made by people who thought this book was horrid, but I'm just not one of those people! I got everything out of this book that I wanted for Bella, for Edward, and for Jake. I'll admit that by about the time in the book when she started popping up with pregnancy symptoms- I was thinking, \\"Huh?\\", but its a piece of fiction- so there is really no such thing as impossible, especially in the mystical, sci-fi, horror genres. If you want to enforce rules, you're just going to ruin the whole principle behind what fiction is! A lot of reviewers feel that it wrapped up too neatly. I agree and disagree. Yeah, she could have let Jake storm off and just cut Bella loose and grieve his loss and she his. It didn't have to be so sugary sweet. I disagree based on my point about fiction- you can't scream for realism- because everyone checked reality at the front cover when we started the story about a vampire and a mortal girl... I feel like in  the end when I put the book down I thought to myself everybody walked away with something they wanted and that was good enough for me. I am happy that the characters I loved and hated ended up happy!<br /><br />I stopped wanting to slap Bella senseless for all her annoying weaknesses and the blantant way she kept copping out with the \\"We're best friends, Jake\\"- B.S. She was finally the strongest one out of everyone for the short time she remained human in the novel and when her dreams of having Edward, forever, finally came true. The strength she showed in this novel made up for all the foolish \\"I need a man\\" syndrome she was displaying in the two middle books. I'm glad that was worked in there somewhere- because once she thought I want this baby and clearly Edward is leaning toward abortion (I'm pro-choice, by the way)-- She \\"manned up\\" and called a woman she knew would help her accomplish her decision. She finally did something for herself- not for Edward. In fact, if you go back and read through Eclipse, she gives him a little push back here or there.<br />P.S. I loved the fountain of blood vomit- I'm in my very late 20's (maybe that's why I love vampires) I can handle that and frankly, all the 14 year olds out there who watch Grand Theft Auto and Halo can handle it-- too. In fact, I can't handle those video games myself, so the whole birth scene was probably like a Disney film to some of Ms. Meyer's wide scale audience (tragic as that fact is). I'm not even worried about the argument that can validly be mad that this book advocates teen pregnancy- A.) because SM pushed hard with her uncurrent of marriage first then sex and B.) as a parent I'm not looking to SM to teach my kids that lesson in the first place. I expect responsible sex conversations to occur between parents and their teens and re-enforced by a solid sex ed course in school.<br /><br />I stopped feeling threatened and angry that Jake had to exist and that I felt sorry for him. He got a true love out of the bargain. Not loving the whole in love with infants and toddlers thing- I've got an infant and a toddler, myself. (I concede that point hands down!!- She could have made that happen when Reneesme was 16- she was accelerated aging- so It could have been an Epilogue or something) Honestly, the series was about Bella and Edward's true, forbidden love. She was never going to end up with Jake- no matter how many times she strung him along, admitted she loved him, too or how many times he practically raped a kiss out of her. He was always the REBOUND guy! But, even he ended up happy and I was suddenly happy for him.<br /><br />Ah, and Edward - he was pretty clear what wanted from day one- Bella, then to marry her, then to have her at his side forever, and in the eleventh hour-a baby! Clearly, Stephenie Meyers (and me and countless other tweens and teens and 20-somethings, etc.) is soooin love with him that she finally stopped tormenting him and gave him everything he wanted. I've read alot of Anne Rice, so I've had my fill of the Vampire who comes to the conclusion that the grass really is greener on the other side and has a whole world of heart ache and isolation to go with it, so for Edward to have his many decades of feeling like an incomplete half come to an end is exactly what I wanted. I am crazy about him, frankly. I would have shed livid tears if he didn't get everything he dreamed. I was invested in seeing him come out happy from this saga.<br /><br />I agree with anyone who wanted to see some fighting-- that was A BIG LET DOWN. I'm sorry Bella didn't get a chance to slug Jane! But, am I sorry it ended on a sweet, \\"Lets get it on\\" for all eternity note- Hell NO!<br /><br />Stephenie Meyers is a gifted story teller in my opinion. You can't please all the people- all of the time & believe me I wasn't always pleased as stated above; But, this was a big guilty pleasure for me & I loved the whole series- the good and the bad. I'd read it all again... thats what makes a book or series good to me.ly stopped tormenting him and gave him everything he wanted. I've read alot of Anne Rice, so I've had my fill of the Vampire who comes to the conclusion that the grass really is greener on the other side and has a whole world of heart ache and isolation to go with it, so for Edward to have his many decades of feeling like an incomplete half come to an end is exactly what I wanted. I am crazy about him, frankly. I would have shed livid tears if he didn't get everything he dreamed. I was invested in seeing him come out happy from this saga.    I agree with anyone who wanted to see some fighting-- that was A BIG LET DOWN. I'm sorry Bella didn't get a chance to slug Jane! But, am I sorry it ended on a sweet, \\"Lets get it on\\" for all eternity note- Hell NO!     Stephenie Meyers is a gifted story teller in my opinion. You can't please all the people- all of the time & believe me I wasn't always pleased as stated above; But, this was a big guilty pleasure for me & I loved the whole series- the good and the bad. I'd read it all again... thats what makes a book or series good to me.
078401213X|1.0|This indeed is a low budget film and one of the worst sci-fi movies I've seen.  It's totally in black and white, which is not disclosed in description of the film as far as I can see.  The acting is very lame, with little dialog.  I found myself clinking the fast forward button to skip large portions of the film consisting of no dialog and just animated screams from the main character.  He continually takes drugs of some sort for no clear reason other than headaches.  The sound quality is so poor that it's difficult to make out the short dialog when it does occur.<br /><br />How anyone can rate this as anything other than 1 or zero stars is a mystery to me.
1400049628|5.0|The Zombie Survival Guide by Max Brooks is amazing. It has humor, but is totally serious the entire length of the book. I feel that if a Zombie Outbreak happens anytime soon I will be better prepared having read mentioned book. A must for Zombie, Horror, and Survival fanatics!!!
B00136S0NE|4.0|My wife and I loved the movie, and this collection is great. I noticed that some of the tracks sound slightly different from those in the movie. This is good, sometimes, and a slight let-down at others: I liked the raw sound in the film, and some of these sound a little \\"clean\\".    Either way, this is a great buy.    Also: My in-laws played this all the time after their daughter was born. Any time this CD is played, she gets sleepy and quiet, like she's concentrating.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|Tarantino doing what he does best! Thought this movie was great, it's a little \\"talky\\" from time to time but this is neccessary for character developement so you become familiar enough with the charaters and thier personalities. The overall feel of the movie is great and it's very surprising too! No reason to boycott this film.
B000002NFM|5.0|If you had never heard anything from \\"The Fat of the Land\\" before this point in time, I feel confident guessing that you would think Prodigy was a \\"current\\" musical group/act.     The musicality and driving rhythms still feel fresh and clean, and the angst-filled vibe is still around. Prodigy was ahead of the pack, and still sounds great, today.    A must-buy.
B000654YS8|3.0|Good concert video, but lacking in enthusiasm. They ain't no Rolling Stones. For real entertainment watch the new concert video on the Stones by Martin Scorsasie (sp) titled \\"Shine A Light\\".
B0014I4KIK|5.0|This is a great CD! All the songs are awesome! My little girl likes to sing along to \\"Syrup and Honey\\". Everyone should check it out! I love it!
B00192KCQ0|1.0|metallica fans who have long suckled at the teat of \\"master of puppets\\" and the black album need to just admit it: metallica no longer pumps out classics. face it, they were great in their day but that day has long since passed. the boys from the bay should just resign themselves to doing what the stones do, playing great music from days gone by and letting fans rock to classic oldies.
B000P0J0EW|5.0|Great movie!!!  Definitely a classic.  Shipped quickly by Amazon & in perfect condition.
B001DDBCUU|3.0|Not wanting to be stoned by a pack of angry stiletto ninjas, I made this review on the run. After the movie I thought was a porno, I stood up and was very disappointed at the plot. Who cares about your life, was my initial reaction but than I had not noticed how loud I said it. The room was on fire with pumped up women shouting inanities about crack and heroine. I tried the pokemon method but it didn't work. Overall, I had to get out of there and this is why I give this movie only 3 stars.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|Good album but horrible production. Very low quality mix. No dynamic range. Distortion all over the place. Sounds really bad no matter the stereo system. Another victim of the loudness war. Tragic really. This album is unlistenable as it is right now. Do not buy it like this. Wait for a real version.
1883010039|5.0|Just the right amount of photographs and all of the information is clear and step-by-step.  Love the book.
B00005JPS8|5.0|It's no wonder that everyone is praising Iron Man in some way. For me, Iron Man is the best origin movie ever made. It surpasses every original installment of any superhero film to date. It doesn't just manage to deliver a little bit of everything but it does it with style and integrity. Iron Man is a film everyone can enjoy because it cares enough to deliver excellence on every front. The mega talented cast fit each main character perfectly and the story itself is told in a masterful, crisp manner. The dialogue is witty and what humor there is works its way seamlessly in to the natural order of the story. (No forced bachelor party dancing to set up a joke etc.) A couple of comic book style slugfests are included but inserted only as a vehicle for the story. Things aren't blown up just for the sake of seeing them go boom. What makes Iron Man a true rarity is that it's a fine film for kids but it's even greater if you're an intelligent adult. How many movies can you say that about? This is truly moviemaking of the most entertaining order and it easily deserves all the praise it has generated from both fans and critics alike.
B0019FOC5E|3.0|Love the music and the sound quality.  There was a strange problem with the disc itself.  The first song (Honey, Honey), was cut off abruptly near the end.  One day when I left the disc in after it had apparently ended, after a long period of nothing, there was additional music on it.  I am not sure whether it was the end of the first song, but I don't think it was.  I would like to have a new disc that is the entire soundtrack in the correct order.  Is this an issue with just my disc or are there several with this problem?  Just wondering.
B00005JPO1|1.0|Ranks right up there with the most depressing and disappointing sequels I've ever endured. This movie hurts as much as Caddyshack 2 or Highlander 2. As a fan of the trilogy, I left the theatre completely dumbfounded after sitting through this wild and unfocused mess. I literally needed to give myself a standing eight count in the parking lot. A pause as if I was just punched in the gut. The movie really is that bad and I'm still a bit stunned. After filtering a few of the reviews, I was expecting some over-the-top, dumb action...James Bond level silliness but still an enjoyable romp. What they delivered was brain damaged sequences held together but the worst plot imaginable. George Lucas and his alien fetish needs to be expunged from the human ranks. Still being an Indy fan, I began searching for aspects of this movie that I liked and that could raise my ranking from a flat zero. I was able to elevate my gut reaction to a four out of ten but that rating is way to kind for one of the worst all around movies of the year.
B00026WU9Q|5.0|Bob Dylan-Bringing It All Back Home *****<br /><br />This is it. Dylan hinted at greatness previous to this but Bringing It All Back Home did just that when originally released in 1965. This set Dylan on a role of classic albums that wouldn't stop for nearly a decade. With minor exceptions of course.<br /><br />What is most notable about Bringing It All Back Home is that not only did Dylan go electric but he learned the meaning of melody. Songs like graceful wanderer that is 'She Belongs To Me' the almost controversial, and always misunderstood 'Mr. Tambourine Man' and the elegant closer 'Its All Over Now Baby Blue' all carry melodies that would make The Beatles or The Beach Boys blush.<br /><br />Controversially speaking Dylan plug in his guitar for this album, and thus becoming 'JUDAS' to the folk community. Laughable yes, but these 'peaceful folkies' were serious. The electric guitar took Dylan to new heights and plateaus in his career. Reaching places he would have never reached without it and would have been a fool not to embrace it. A fool Robert Zimmermen is not.<br /><br />Lyrically this may be his strongest of all time. 'Live Minus Zero/No Limit' is beyond genius. 'Bob Dylan's 115th Dream' is otherworldly. 'Its Alright Ma' is eerie. The Politics of 'Subterranean Homesick Blues' and 'Maggie's Farm' often go over the casual listeners head though are political satire at it's best. Most importantly though is dark 'Gates Of Eden.' An epic to destroy your favorite epic. Without a second thought, 'Eden' is by far Dylan's best.<br /><br />Bringing It All Back Home did just that, and with force. If it isn't the mans best album it is a very close second. Essential
159562015X|5.0|It gives you insights into your true behaviors and why you should be good at something.  Worked great for a team building exercise.
B000002LFU|4.0|R.E.M.-Green ***1/2<br /><br />First off, Green is not that bad of an album. Though it isn't that great of an album either, especially for a group like R.E.M. Now I am not going to get into the whole sellout thing. Whether R.E.M. sold out with the release of Green is neither here nor there. Good tunes is good tunes, and if a album has good tunes does it really matter if they sold or not? No. The issue is that R.E.M. doesn't do mainstream very well. At least in the 1980's they didn't because they didn't really know how to yet.<br /><br />'Pop Song 89' is a clever and intelligent piece of satire from Mr. Stipe. Peter Buck also plays a really cool guitar riff throughout. 'Get Up' is catchy and really does sound like a typical 1989 pop song... irony kills. 'Stand' is annoying and not worthy of an R.E.M. album, lets just get that out of the way now. 'Orange Crush' is classic, and might be the groups signature song from the 1980's. Maybe. It is really the only track on the album that sounds like anything the did before this release. 'World Leader Pretending' is by far the best song on the album though. The greatest lyrics Stipe had written to this point. Bucks acoustic guitar work is vital and the song as a whole was written so well it can pertain to anytime in history even today.<br /><br />Other then that there are a few scattered moments throughout but nothing to write home about. Green is a lack luster album, with not much in the department of standing out. Sad, but worth owning for the few moments which shine brightly like the sun through an overcast day.
0142501123|5.0|I bought this book on the recommendation of a friend. It is a wonderful story and very entertaining! My 4 yr old loves it and while a little advanced for my 2 yr old he is starting to get interested in it.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|This is the best music I have heard in a long time.  The songs are all so catchy that I find myself singing them all day, every day.
B001BGTWXI|4.0|Best Slipknot CD since the self titled one.  In fact in ways, better.  Better song structure and lyrics than past cds.  Additional guitar solos which is a nice change, nothing mind blowing, but still good.
0887307876|3.0|This book is wacky, zany, and humorous. Sometimes impossible, it portrays the picture of the workplace in the future. Workers are non-traditional and sometimes with out-of-this-world attitude. The elderly will have a hard time to accept the would be scenarios. The conversations are not typical of our grandparents' days. A warning to educators and authorities. They have to rethink their policies and programs if they want to avoid a future society like this.
B001B71NOI|3.0|Not the best NIN, but far better than the most recent noise they have released.  At least this cd has some actual songs with lyrics!  I'm all for different directions and such, but when it's just a bunch of \\"instrumentals\\" dub it some other name than NIN.  I grew up listening to Pretty Hate Machine and Broken, that's NIN.  So with that said, this is their best cd in a long time.  Still not great like the previously mentioned titles, but listenalbe.
B00003CXB4|3.0|The disk case was in good condition only thing did not play in the regular dvd player have to look at it on my personal dvd player. I was very disappointed that the second disk was very scratch up, otherwise it played without freezing both disk did play good. I gave it 3 stars for the disk being so scratch up.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Did you like \\"and Justice for All\\"?  If so immediately get this album and toss out all Metallica albums in-between. Even my 20 year cousin likes this album and recommended it to me. I can't believe the producer made such a difference. The old producer \\"Bob rock\\" is FIRED thank goodness!
B0016Q6CQI|5.0|Truly my most listened to album of all time.  I have it on my car cd changer and listen to it at least once a week and generally for no less than 3 times each.  Simply the best ever and this from an almost 60 non musicale BTVS fan ( and ps you must also watch the actual episode if you haven't)
B000TSJU0E|4.0|Released on LP and Cassette in March 1983 on Warner Brothers, the blues boogie of \\"Eliminator\\" was an absolute phenomenon for the Texas trio ZZ Top.<br /><br />They'd been bubbling under for years - \\"La Grange\\" in 1973, \\"Tush\\" in 1975 - and a minor hit with \\"I Thank You\\" in 1980. But none of it even remotely indicated what would happen in 1983 and 1984. \\"Eliminator\\" - one of the best boogie albums ever made - changed everything for them and us - it was little short of absolute global domination.<br /><br />It was a combination of things - the umpteen tracks that were all single/radio friendly hits, the emergence of rotation MTV, the videos with leggy sexy babes - the fabulous 1933 coupe car - the ZZ TOP keyring flying through the air to the hapless buck trying to be a 'sharp dressed man' - the image of dusty dudes with beards - all of it combined in one heady mix to produce domestic sales in the USA topping 10 million with the same number estimated for the rest of the world. And if you take into account second-hand sales since that heady time 25 years ago and an early issue on CD, you're looking at a \\"Rumours\\", a \\"Purple Rain\\" and a \\"Thriller\\". This September 2008 (delayed release) has it good points and bad though...<br /><br />Here's the layout first:<br /><br />Disc 1 (78:27 minutes)<br />Tracks 1 to 11 are the album REMASTERED in its entirety with the original lengthier mix of \\"Legs\\" at 4:34 minutes re-instated for the first time (it was replaced after initial pressings by the shorter single mix of 3:37 minutes)<br />Tracks 12 to 18 are bonus tracks; 12 is the single mix of \\"Legs\\"; 13 to 17 are 5 previously unreleased live tracks (13, 14, 16 and 17 recorded at Castle Donington Festival in Leicestershire in England, while 15 was recorded at The Marquee Club in London - no dates supplied)<br />Track 18 is the 12\\" \\"Dance Mix\\" of \\"Legs\\"<br /><br />The remastering of the album is FANTASTIC - muscular, in your living room, detailed - all that it should have been these last two and half decades. I've waited years to hear \\"I Need You Tonight\\" in this sound quality and it was worth it. But the really bad news is the audio bonus tracks, which are a huge letdown. The live versions have what is laughably called `audio restoration' on them - they sound like rubbish bootleg recordings - someone standing in a field with a microphone held up (Donnington was exactly that - a vast field). The truly awful extended mix of \\"Legs\\" was on the box set anyway - unlistenable then and the same now. Worse - there are single edits of \\"Gimme All Your Lovin\\" and \\"Sharp Dressed Man\\", but maddeningly they're not included here - they should have been - it would have been far more appropriate to a supposed `collector's edition'. Also there's nothing new worth hearing - no outtakes, alternatives, no demos, no new songs - nothing. Really disappointing stuff I'm afraid. The album is great, but the supposed bonuses are awful.<br /><br />Things fare better on the 2nd disc, an 8-track DVD. First up are the 4 famous videos that broke the album with a worldwide TV audience and their inclusion on this `special edition' is only right and proper - they were such an integral part of the \\"Eliminator\\" experience. The prints are clean, but unfortunately blurry in that cheap 1980s kind of a way. They're fun to re-watch, but not much more than that. Things get considerably better with tracks 5 to 8, which are professionally filmed studio performances. They were recorded live in front of a studio audience on 17 November 1983 for one the UK's popular pop programs of the time - \\"The Tube\\". The sound and visuals are great and while the vocals are live, I'm fairly sure some tweaking has been done to beef up the sound.  Whatever way you look at it - this is primo ZZ TOP and makes up somewhat for the disappointing crap that is tail-ending the Audio CD. Fans will really enjoy these.<br /><br />The packaging isn't great either - a gatefold digipak with a 20-page booklet. The layersunder the see-through trays have no photos of singles - outtakes - they're blank - pretty crappy really. The car's pictured a couple of times, lyrics reproduced, a basic essay on the album - but no real event feel to it - no live shots - no interesting formats pictured - fan stuff left out - it's basic really, when it could have been so much better.<br /><br />In truth, you'd have to say that if Rhino had just issued the remaster of the album with the single edits and the 12\\" mix added on at the end - then that would have been so much better.  As it is, you're being asked to spend 13 to 16 on a package that smacks of laziness and greed - and worse - leaves you with a bad taste in the mouth - an underwhelming experience that should have been a real celebration of a really great album...<br /><br />To sum up - fantastic remaster of the album, good stuff on the DVD, but docked a star for the rubbish filler at the end of Disc 1.- they're blank - pretty crappy really. The car's pictured a couple of times, lyrics reproduced, a basic essay on the album - but no real event feel to it - no live shots - no interesting formats pictured - fan stuff left out - it's basic really, when it could have been so much better.     In truth, you'd have to say that if Rhino had just issued the remaster of the album with the single edits and the 12\\" mix added on at the end - then that would have been so much better.  As it is, you're being asked to spend 13 to 16 on a package that smacks of laziness and greed - and worse - leaves you with a bad taste in the mouth - an underwhelming experience that should have been a real celebration of a really great album...    To sum up - fantastic remaster of the album, good stuff on the DVD, but docked a star for the rubbish filler at the end of Disc 1.
B0014VPFTA|3.0|John Mayer is and excellent guitarist/musician, but I found the playing on this studio recording much more restrained and subdued, especially in comparison to the powerhouse trio that was JMB.  I prefer when John has a chance to cut loose.
072325804X|5.0|This was a great find for my grandchildren that we have temporary custody of.  I love sitting in the rocking chair with my 2 1/2 - year old Sarah and cuddling up with these wonderful stories!  This is a great quality book, and the illustrations are wonderful!  It will get a lot of use, and look beautiful for years to come.  Don't pass this one up.  It's great for creating memories with your children and grandchildren.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|This CD is loaded with deep and emotional music. Nikki Sixx and SIXX:AM put these words into edgy tunes that sets the tone for the book. What an amazing job! I love the music. If you love Motley Crue you will almost certainly love this CD as well....Check it out!
0440178002|5.0|Shogun gives a wonderful picture of 16th century Japan. The character development is excellent  and the story is just plain fun to read.
B000UVT3OI|5.0|I love the cd and It is better then I thought it would be I have a family memeber who has it and they told me about it so I wanted it and I got it and I love it.
1558908846|3.0|This has some very entertaining moments but overall it's a mess. There are some great sequences and good special effects, but this is a very sloppy film.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Nay-sayers beware your death!<br /><br />Straight out of the gate, the first thing I notice is that Metallica has released an album with only ten songs, this fills me excitement and apprehension, excitement with the hope that this must mean that every song is GREAT, apprehension because, if they are great, there are only ten!<br /><br />That Was Just Your Life - the first ten seconds of this song don't even sound like Metallica, its fresh, clean tone a great intro to get the blood pumping.  A hard driving song and the first clear picture of the album.....the sound...is AMAZING.  The guitars are thick and heavy, finally for the first time since the black album the guitars are back, up front and in your face!<br /><br />The End of the Line - you can really hear Rob's influence in this song....the main riff has a lot of groove to match its heavy (if you know Rob's history you'll hear it here!)  The bridge in this song is incredible, that dropped bass, clear guitars behind James slow voice...NICE guys, friggin NICE!  Great use of dynamics in this song.<br /><br />Broken, Beat & Scarred - Full driving, hard hitting from the first note.  Again, sweet harmonies, ripping guitar riffs to burn your face off!  (this song makes me a little sad when I think about what St. Anger \\"could have\\" sounded like)  I really like the lyrical movement in this song, this song is incredibly tight but doesn't feel strangled like the St. Anger's tunes.  I cannot wait to hear this song live.  IMO this song is a must for the set list guys!!!<br /><br />The Day That Never Comes - you've heard it and I'm sure like many you said, is this the new Metallica song, or did I click the wrong button???  The intro with its clean, biting guitars is a bit of a different sound for them (its an octave up from where you'll find them on previous albums) Again, is it just me or can no one else hear the Iron Maiden/Diamond Head influences in this song? (so for those who have indeed said Metallica have gone back to their roots were right, but any time anyone says that people come expecting a Ride or MOP copy, come on where were you in 1981?!!!) The slide harmonies in the intro are SICK...friggin beautiful.  Rob really shines here also, my Bose speakers were humming, we all know this guy is great, and now we can HEAR it!  If this is the future of Metallica, the rest of my musical life just kicked into high gear.<br /><br />This song will be another bullet when played live.<br /><br />All Nightmare Long  -  Kick drum, bass line, clean guitars to open this baby up, then driving riffs straight into a heavy gallop (and I can't say it enough the guitars sound amazing Rick Rubin stand up and take a bow)  this song sounds like a natural progression from Damage Inc. to me!!  Listen to the two songs back to back and tell me Metallica have gone soft.<br /><br />Cyanide  Heavy, heavy , heavy!!  Drums and bass!  Remember what those sound like?  Yah, they're back!!  I really like the lyrical movement in this song, riffs flow amazingly well with the vox, and this song also has a lot of groove between those epic guitars and stops.  (again you may mourn what could have been on St. Anger when hearing this) I love the chorus in this song.<br /><br />The Unforgiven III  I saw this title on the back cover and my shoulders slumped (didn't really think Unforgiven II was all that great)  But this song really stands on its own...and it may shock some with a PIANO intro.  Yah, the ivory keys on a Metallica record.  But don't worry every second of this song is great, it has an epic feel and really paints a picture with the music.  The volume swells used in the bridge really brought me straight back to ORION.<br /><br />The Judas Kiss -  Lots of stops and quick riffs in this, fast lyrical movement...liked the short solo coming out of the bridge.<br /><br />Suicide & Redemption -  This is such a great surprise, they are so great at constructing epic instrumentals. I was so disappointed in the last few years that they had dropped that from their records.  It's back and you'll see a thousand images in your minds eye while you're listening.<br /><br />My Apocalypse  A great way to close the album, its not a short one-off like some of their records, it's a great closer with a lot of power and grit, they haven't closed an album with a song this strong since Justice.<br /><br />FINAL THOUGHTS:<br /><br />Raise a fist in the air for all the harmonies!  These are everywhere on this album (Kirk and James playing the same riff an octave apart)...still don't understand what I mean?  Check out any Iron Maiden album, they are known for dual guitar harmonies.  This Metallica album is full of them, hard, heavy harmonies that make your speakers glow with heavy godliness.<br /><br />Metallica's early influences are everywhere here:  Diamond Head, Angel Witch, Iron Maiden, Mercyful Fate, King Diamond...you will hear those influences on this album again (remember back to Kill Em All and Ride? Yah)<br /><br />I've listened to Metallica nearly all of my life, and this album sounds like a natural progression in their history to me.  Load, Reload and St. Anger don't fit for me, they seem more like detours.  Death Magnetic feels like its on the hard road, fitting comfortably after the black album.<br /><br />The bass on this album is superb, the only down side for me were the solos.  I don't feel that they were good enough for the songs.  They weren't good enough for the album.  They were fast licks and ascending and descending lines with no real phrasing, instead of a mini-story they weren't much else than quick runs (Kirk you are better than this, turn off that WAH box and go back to the fundamentals)<br /><br />I am anxiously awaiting seeing Metallica LIVE.  That is where they really shine.<br /><br />In closing:  Just like all of Metallica's records, so-called old school fans will crap all over it and the truth of it is...these people are angry with everyone that has changed, Kill, Ride and MOP will NEVER happen again, and frankly I don't want them to.  It's an impossibility and it isn't even reasonable to expect that it will happen again.  I see those so-called old school fans on all the message boards, and they try to provoke people, while they sit in their desk chair with their old ratty t-shirts at 37 years old with mullets and acne scars.  This album feels right and it is METALLICA.  For the first time in many years I am excited again about a Metallica album and in the end, that's all that really matters.  See you at the show!!!!!ee a thousand images in your minds eye while you're listening.      My Apocalypse     A great way to close the album, its not a short one-off like some of their records, it's a great closer with a lot of power and grit, they haven't closed an album with a song this strong since Justice.      FINAL THOUGHTS:        Raise a fist in the air for all the harmonies!  These are everywhere on this album (Kirk and James playing the same riff an octave apart)...still don't understand what I mean?  Check out any Iron Maiden album, they are known for dual guitar harmonies.  This Metallica album is full of them, hard, heavy harmonies that make your speakers glow with heavy godliness.    Metallica's early influences are everywhere here:  Diamond Head, Angel Witch, Iron Maiden, Mercyful Fate, King Diamond...you will hear those influences on this album again (remember back to Kill Em All and Ride? Yah)      I've listened to Metallica nearly all of my life, and this album sounds like a natural progression in their history to me.  Load, Reload and St. Anger don't fit for me, they seem more like detours.  Death Magnetic feels like its on the hard road, fitting comfortably after the black album.    The bass on this album is superb, the only down side for me were the solos.  I don't feel that they were good enough for the songs.  They weren't good enough for the album.  They were fast licks and ascending and descending lines with no real phrasing, instead of a mini-story they weren't much else than quick runs (Kirk you are better than this, turn off that WAH box and go back to the fundamentals)    I am anxiously awaiting seeing Metallica LIVE.  That is where they really shine.    In closing:  Just like all of Metallica's records, so-called old school fans will crap all over it and the truth of it is...these people are angry with everyone that has changed, Kill, Ride and MOP will NEVER happen again, and frankly I don't want them to.  It's an impossibility and it isn't even reasonable toexpect that it will happen again.  I see those so-called old school fans on all the message boards, and they try to provoke people, while they sit in their desk chair with their old ratty t-shirts at 37 years old with mullets and acne scars.  This album feels right and it is METALLICA.  For the first time in many years I am excited again about a Metallica album and in the end, that's all that really matters.  See you at the show!!!!!
B000244EMO|5.0|This is shooter, a stalker and a top piece of all out action cinema. It's very entertaining, tense and full of destruction. This delivers very, very well indeed.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
B00168ML1G|5.0|Disc One  *********    Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, C  Disc one information  Aspect ratio: 2.40:1  MPEG-4 AVC BD-50 / High Profile 4.1  Running time: 2:06:01 (h:m:s)  Movie size: 33,44 GB  Disc size: 47,22 GB  Total bit rate: 35.38 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 27.13 Mbps    Dolby TrueHD Audio              English         3493 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 3493kbps (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps)  Dolby Digital Audio             French          640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             Spanish         640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps    Subtitles: English / English SDH / French / French / Portuguese (Brazilian) / Spanish / Spanish    Number of chapters: 15    #Deleted/Extended Scenes (HD, 24 minutes)  #Documentary: The Invincible Iron Man (HD, 49 minutes)  #Hail of Armor (HD)  #Iron Man IQ - BD-Live    Disc Two  ********    #Documentary: I Am Iron Man (HD, 111 minutes)  #Featurette: Wired: The Visual Effects of Iron Man (HD, 27 minutes)  #Rehearsal Footage (HD, 11 minutes)  #Still Gallery (HD, 5 minutes)  #Theatrical Trailers (HD)    It's been reported that the Blu-ray's Dolby TrueHD track is activating  Dynamic Range Control (DRC) in many AVRs. Users are advised to turn OFF  Dynamic Range (Night Mode) option in their AVRs / players to experience lossless audio in it's full glory. Users who have configured their players to do the decoding internally need not care about this problem.
0596522347|5.0|I don't see how you could read this book and not markedly improve your presentations. No, it won't improve your diction. It doesn't teach you how to make sweeping gestures. And there is no advice about where to stand or how to set up the room. There are other books that do that.<br /><br />What Nancy Duarte has done however, is to write a book that seeks to transform the banal \\"more is better\\" bullet-pointed slide show into a presentation that creatively use visuals to deliver our thoughts and ideas to an engaged audience.<br /><br />It's a step-by-step guide to building great presentations, yet not at all written like a \\"how-to\\" book. I loved Chapter 2 Creating ideas, Not Slides which was chock full of tips on thinking about our message. My favorite was Chapter 11 Interacting with Slides. Duarte begins the chapter with a discussion of constraints, and includes specific tips on how to reign in our unmanageable slide shows. She concludes with a well-reasoned plea to not just deliver presentations, but to connect with our audience.<br /><br />It's a colorful, beautiful book even though the small grey type can be a bit hard on the eyes. For a great companion piece pick up Garr Reynold's Presentation Zen.
0307455874|5.0|Great Book, 5 stars    [[ASIN:1439210802 Why Barack Obama Won My Vote]]    If you liked the Audacity of Hope you will also like \\"Why Barack Obama Won My Vote\\" by Texas James.
B00005JKGK|5.0|One of the greatest films ever made - it's got humor, pain, stupidity, and wisdom.
B00004RF9B|5.0|I have always loved the old sci-fi movies from when i was a kid...this is one of my fave. I was very happy to find and buy it. It takes me back...what fun!!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I would like to answer some of the critics who have slated the album for a varied array of reasons    1. Metallica are to old.    How in the hell to you know the age of any group from hearing an album if this was a new band you woudn't have a clue.    2. Metallica have to much money.    Dumbest comment of the lot.    3. No Bass.    Your Hi fi Is cheap, buy new.    4.Production is awfull.    The Production is loud with slight distortion its a sound the band have gone for, a live feel.    5. It,s the producers fault.    So you think that the band members have no say on the production of the album at no stage whatsoever, they just pack their bags and go away and pray the producer has done a OK job.    6.Its not as good as the old stuff      Not all the old stuff is great its just an easy throwaway comment.
B001FEA9QU|5.0|i am 31 years old and i've been a metallica fan since i was 12 years old. the only album i havent liked is \\"st anger\\". this album however, simply rocks!...these guys are back! I cant wait to go see them in new orleans on nov 23rd!
0553582038|3.0|George RR Martin writes with such flair, intensity and most of all at such length that publishers struggle to cram his creations between covers. A FEAST FOR CROWS is 976 pages long in my mass market paperback edition, but it is only half the book of its predecessors.  Most of the characters that the reader has been following are given scant attention or no mention here.  While still well written and a cut above most modern fantasy I feel as if I have just finished reading a book where most of what happened is at the fringes of the real action.<br /><br />I'm deducting one star for the clumsy beginning. A prologue where a new character is killed is almost a stock beginning.  The names and setting reappear in the last chapter.  Martin is almost assuredly going for one of his trademark twists--but it is like a conjuring trick that falls flat.<br /><br />At the end of STORM OF SWORDS, Martin delivers a number of plot twists including a real gasper.  A character known to be dead shows up alive.  Unfortunately he does not develop this in CROWS.  He serves up a Dornish subplot but each time this plot comes up again it is from the point of view of yet another character.  None of these characters are as compelling or as memorable as the ones he is ignoring.  Failure to strike while the reader's interest is piqued and for serving up a lame substitute loses another star.<br /><br />For the first time in the series, we get inside the head of Queen Cersei.  She paranoid and unappealing and does as good a job of repelling the reader as she does in alienating her supporters.  I have to say that Martin's characters are masterworks and his females are particularly fine.  Even his evil queen transcends all stereotypes.  Add to Cersei, Sansa Stark, Arya, Brienne and dozens of other lively woman characters and one realizes why I would rather read a George R R Martin \\"failure\\" than a dozen other more mundane fantasies.  Yes, I'll be buying the next book...
B0009UC7QQ|5.0|The concept behind `The Truman Show' is more pertinent to us today than it was when the film was released.  Sure, the idea of television controlling the world is not a new one, but in a world where every new television program is another take at the reality genre it becomes more and more probable that an event such as this one may one day take place.  The opening words by the shows creator say it all:<br /><br />\\"We've become bored with watching actors give us phony emotions.  We are tired of pyrotechnics and special effects.\\"<br /><br />With that said, `The Truman Show' begins.  The film tells the story of Truman Burbank, the only non-actor in a world filled with actors.  He is married to an actress; his best friend is an actor; his high school teachers and current employer and seriously everyone around him, from his mother to his late father to the person that happens to walk by his house at precisely the same moment every morning.  The thing is, Truman doesn't know this.  He actually thinks that his life is legit, but what he doesn't comprehend is the fact that everyone in the known universe is watching his every move being projected onto their living room television set.<br /><br />Yes, Truman is the star of his own reality show; a reality show he is unaware exists.<br /><br />I remember watching this film when it was first released and I was merely thirteen and I felt that the film was boring and unentertaining.  Because of the misinterpretation I stayed far away from this film for years, only recently entertaining the notion of watching it once again.  My feelings the second time around are vastly different.  `The Truman Show' is a marvelous study of the effect that television and the media in general has on each and every individual, and the damage it can do to ones psyche.<br /><br />The acting here is beyond good, especially when in regards to the star of the whole show; Jim Carrey.  Many have said that this is a career best for Carrey, and I think I may have to agree (although he was beyond superb in `Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind' as well).  He brilliantly captures Truman's naivety and his destructive curiosity once he starts to put the pieces together.  Laura Linney is wonderful as Truman's wife Meryl, contrasting her faux perfection with her genuine dissatisfaction with her actorly existence.  I was not entirely blown away by Ed Harris (the only Oscar nominated performance in the bunch) for I felt that his performance was not a very difficult one.  He pulls it off, sure, but there wasn't much to pull off here.  Supporting players like Natascha McElhone and Noah Emmerich are also wonderfully complete and add layers to each and every scene.<br /><br />What I love so much about `The Truman Show' is that it stays true to the concept in every aspect of the film.  There are product placements throughout the entire film, and they pop up in the most ridiculous manner, which adds light to the idea that television is steadily controlling our every thought and action.  The script is brilliantly fleshed out, creating real characters with real problems and real concerns.  Weir's direction is amazing, visually captivating from start to finish by using techniques (with camera angles and placement) that create an air of reality within this faux reality.<br /><br />This is what makes television worth watching.superb in `Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind' as well).  He brilliantly captures Truman's naivety and his destructive curiosity once he starts to put the pieces together.  Laura Linney is wonderful as Truman's wife Meryl, contrasting her faux perfection with her genuine dissatisfaction with her actorly existence.  I was not entirely blown away by Ed Harris (the only Oscar nominated performance in the bunch) for I felt that his performance was not a very difficult one.  He pulls it off, sure, but there wasn't much to pull off here.  Supporting players like Natascha McElhone and Noah Emmerich are also wonderfully complete and add layers to each and every scene.    What I love so much about `The Truman Show' is that it stays true to the concept in every aspect of the film.  There are product placements throughout the entire film, and they pop up in the most ridiculous manner, which adds light to the idea that television is steadily controlling our every thought and action.  The script is brilliantly fleshed out, creating real characters with real problems and real concerns.  Weir's direction is amazing, visually captivating from start to finish by using techniques (with camera angles and placement) that create an air of reality within this faux reality.    This is what makes television worth watching.
031606792X|5.0|My daughter convinced me to read these books.  Totally hesitant since I did not want to immerse myself into a mushy love story with bloodsuckers and wolves.  I mean, as if!!!!!  So, I sat down and read these over the past month.    I must say I was impressed with the series. In order, my favorite was 4,3,1 then 2. All were a good read and if taken for what it's worth, to capture the imagination, to show the intricacies of relationships, throw in a little suspense, and turn your mind loose to enjoy the read, it makes for great entertainment.    The books left me with warm and fuzzies...
0345451325|5.0|You'd think that a prequel book written for a videogame would not have a very solid storyline. This couldn't be further from the truth. Eric Nylund paints a vivid picture of the Halo universe which centers around the Master Chief's life. He begins the story with \\"John\\" as a 6 year old boy. John is found to be a suitable candidate for the Spartan II program as he is physically and mentally superior to average children. In fact the first quarter or third of the book chronicles his life in this secretive super soldier Spartan program. His first combat experience occurs at the tender age of eight years old. Nylund quickly establishes the UNSC jargon. Everything you see in the game including the specifics of: the rounds used, types of weapons, both Covenant and human, vehicle names and descriptions, some of the science involved, the details about the legendary suit (which is actually the fourth incarnation)\\"The Chief\\" wears as well as how he acquired the energy shield surrounding it. The infrastructure and protocol of the Navy is also very well done.<br /><br />Please stop reading if you don't want spoilers!!!<br /><br />What is most impressive about the book is the psychology involved. Not only the thoughts of The Chief, but all the people he interacts with as well play into the vibrant plotline in The Fall of Reach. The Spartan II program kidnapped the children they used for training and replaced them with clones. So in a way the Spartans were John's family. Because of this his commanding officer (Chief Mendez) was like his father and even later on in the book he goes back to what Petty Officer Chief Mendez told him throughout his training. When he first talks to Captain Keyes, Keyes says \\"There are more important things than winning, son.\\" John wonders what is more important than winning. Even at 42 and decades of combat experience, the Chief ponders what could be more important than winning. It also shows he still is a human inside that suit of armor.<br /><br />In the beginning there were over 100 Spartan soldiers, but at 14 modifications were made to every one of them and around half died. Many of John's dear friends were permanently mangled. He of course took to the enhancements well, which increased his strength many times over, reinforced his skeletal structure, lowered his reaction time and subsequently took him one step further to becoming THE Master Chief.<br /><br />The action sequences are also very well done and keep you captivated constantly. Each of the major characters in the game is also brought into the mix. Commander Keyes at first is the commanding officer on the Iriquois. Dr. Halsey - who isn't in the game, but is the Doctor who started the Spartan program and is the closest thing John has to a mother - is where the book starts out. The book is just a brilliant example of when the writer created a whole universe instead of a story. It almost appears as if Halo: Combat Evolved took it's story from Eric Nylund. I will be reading more of his books.e over 100 Spartan soldiers, but at 14 modifications were made to every one of them and around half died. Many of John's dear friends were permanently mangled. He of course took to the enhancements well, which increased his strength many times over, reinforced his skeletal structure, lowered his reaction time and subsequently took him one step further to becoming THE Master Chief.     The action sequences are also very well done and keep you captivated constantly. Each of the major characters in the game is also brought into the mix. Commander Keyes at first is the commanding officer on the Iriquois. Dr. Halsey - who isn't in the game, but is the Doctor who started the Spartan program and is the closest thing John has to a mother - is where the book starts out. The book is just a brilliant example of when the writer created a whole universe instead of a story. It almost appears as if Halo: Combat Evolved took it's story from Eric Nylund. I will be reading more of his books.
B00005JOFQ|5.0|this is by far one of my favorite movies of all time. truly one of the most beautifully haunting love stories ever brought to the screen. usually i hate cheesy romances and love stories, but this is nothing of the sort- the actors do a superb job of capturing the conflicting emotions of being in love with someone that society deems unnatural or a crime, and the heart-wrenching angst that they feel is beautifully conveyed through their actions and expressions. i would highly recommend this film to anyone- i can watch it over and over and every time it makes me cry thinking about a) how difficult it was to be a gay man in a small town back in the 60s and how many people suffered because of that, and b) sadly how this is still true for many individuals growing up in closed-minded or strictly religious communities
031606792X|2.0|I rate this book 2 stars. I would only read this book if you are a massive fan of the Twilight saga and even then this one feels alomst a different genre to the first 3. It has very different feel, not one I enjoyed.  *Spoilers below*  I liked book one in Breaking Dawn. Admittedly Bella got very annoying when she was whining for sex and yelling at Jacob at her wedding. But being a Team Edwarder I loved the wedding and honey moon etc.   Then there's books 2 and 3.  Stephenie Meyer ruined Jacob for me in this part of the book. We're supposed to believe that all along it was just Bella's ovaries that he was attracted to? Yeah, sure.  I thought maybe, knowing that Jacob was Stephenie Meyer's favourite character she might have treated him alittle better. I liked Jacob's character because I thought he was the most real, even though I didn't like some of his previous decisions (physically and emotionally assaulting Bella in Eclipse). I loved his new relationship with Leah was interesting and should have been pursued. But then, as I read in another reveiw \\"she went and turned him into the glorified nanny.\\"  In the final book, through Bella's persepctive again, everyone was out of character, everyone. We get none of Jacobs blonde jokes, none of Emmett low-class (but hilarious) humour, no sexy Jasper hanging around, no Carlisle, Esmee and no Alice! Instead we get an army of new characters we don't care about.  Now, I shall move onto Renesmee. I am not even going to make a crack at the name, I quite like it (I know, I seem to be the only one), but the character I have other feelings of.  Meyer's fatal mistake I think is loving Renesmee so much herself. She loves her so much and creates this magical way all her characters love her, but us, her readers? We have spent hundreds of pages hearing about `evil baby' and `mutant spawn' and about 20 pages of a horrific birth scene, not the nicest way to bring this `thing' into the world, and our minds. We have been in Jacobs mind, not Bella's, so we resent the baby. We cannot feel this magical spell Renesmee is casting on all around, we cannot see her beautiful face that captivates the room, (actually her speeding growth didn't help either, it meant I personally couldn't get a proper picture of her, because she changed every 5 seconds, so it made me resent her even more) we can't magically imprint on her the second we lay eyes on her. But suddenly she is the focus, Bella, Edward and Jacob are all obsessed with her, she is the reason everything happens, she is the one everybody is fighting for, but I didn't care about her. I know some will disagree with me, maybe many, but for me I didn't care about what essentially became the focus of the book.  I also feel I should mention the last few pages, where Edward hears Bella's thoughts. This part of the book saved it for many people. Me, I hated it. I thought it was an awful way to end the book. I think I may be alone on this but for me, this ruined Edward and Bella. To me, the reason they worked so well together was because Edward couldn't hear her thoughts. He was unable to love others romantically, I think, because he knows their mundane thoughts, stupid desires. I know Bella is trying to show him how much she loves him but to me, it spoiled their perfect, `meant to be together' relationship.  2/3 of Breaking Dawn was quite enjoyable for me but the whole 3rd section really, for me, ruins the book, and ruins the saga.
0385340567|3.0|Up until now, the Jack Reacher novels have followed a sure-fire male fantasy formula--Reacher wanders about, finds people who need killing, and kills them.  The fun is finding out how this lone man, who owns nothing more than a toothbrush, is able to defeat an enemy who is usually rich and powerful.    This book is nothing like that.  Instead if laying out the problem up front and letting the mayhem commence, Childs writes this one like a mystery, and not a very interesting one.  In addition to false leads that go nowhere, there are endless description of the physical layout of locations, neither of which do anything to move the story along at its usual whirlwind pace.    Although there is a political message, I don't think it is at all inconsistent with the Reacher persona.  I have always had the feeling that if Jack thought he was getting bad or stupid orders, he'd defy them--or kill his CO.  The problem with this book isn't its politics, but rather the endless delay until things go boom.
0316143472|4.0|Woo... just read some of the other reviews, and it looks like I liked this book more than the majority.  Or at least, felt more strongly about it, since so many are just \\"mehs\\".  I don't think this collection had as many strong, stand-out essays as his others.  But I also think that Sedaris is best listened-to; his pacing sometimes doesn't translate to the page (or at least my head) and it certainly improves his work.  Given that, I still thought this was a good collection that's worth reading, if only for \\"The Smoking Section,\\" his diary of quitting smoking while staying in Japan, along with reflections on how he started smoking and what happens afterwards.  It's a nice comparison to learning French in \\"Me Talk Pretty One Day.\\"  His essay on their awful neighbor, Helen, was another really good one.  And there are several airplane/airport/hotel situations that you'll appreciate if travel much.  Or if you've ever just really hated the person you had to sit next to.  Or if you're a competitive cryer.  Oh, and if you're dealing with mortality, refer to the chapter on the gift of a skeleton... I cannot remember titles for the life of me!<br /><br />Overall, the collection seems to focus less on his siblings and parents and more on his life with Hugh.  I was lucky to hear him read from these essays while they were still being published, and those memories sort of mixed with reading them.  I keep drawing comparisons between his and Hugh's relationship and mine with my husband... it never comes out sounding right, but I see strange similarities.  Now I just need to publish and make money selling books.  :)<br /><br />Okay, so back on track - this was a good book.  It's not what I'd start on if I'd never read David Sedaris.  But it's a good follow-up.
B00011KHTM|5.0|Work well, the only type available to hook up my mac to my sony TV
B00005LC1H|5.0|Fawlty Towers is definitely in the top 5 British comedies ever made.  It's based loosely on a real hotel manager in a hotel that John Cleese and the rest of the Monty Python team stayed at in the very real town of Torquay in South West England.  It's extremely funny and you'll never tire of it.  Classic scenes such as \\"The Germans\\", \\"Waldorf salad\\" and \\"Mr Fawlty, I know nothing\\" will have you howling out loud even if it is over 30 years old.  With all 12 episodes, this DVD is worth every cent.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|You can hear sounds from all of Metallica's albums on Death Magnetic--a mix of the old and new. And while Metallica might never recapture the sound they had on And Justice (and they probably don't want to) this is a great step in their evolution as a band. Is the album perfect? No. Is it good enough for 5 stars? Yes. For me, this is their best work since And Justice. Definitely better than the black album. The only people to argue that will be the kids who first learned about Metallica when they saw Enter Sandman on MTV. A contender for best metal album of 2008.
B0012IV3RS|5.0|I am a fan of the Giallo films and love Dario Argento's films so I wanted to expand and see what other directors take on it. So I was recomended to check out films on Lucio Fulci and my first choice was to see THE NEW YORK RIPPER. I mean this film has what a Giallo film needs (a mysterious black gloved killer,tons of blood/kills, and loads of Female Nudity) Sounds like my time of movie!!! This film is really SLEEZY, wich I don't mind and love about it.    Other than that it delivers and what you expect from Fulci. Women are being turned up dead left and right and it's up to a detective to solve the crime. The killer talks like Donald Duck and that was disturbing. I will never look at Donald Duck the same way again.    Bottom line a 10/10    I also Recomend:  LIZARD IN A WOMEN'S SKIN  DON'T TORTURE A DUCKLING  DELIRIUM: PHOTO OF GLORIA  YOUR VICE IS A LOCKED ROOM AND ONLY I HAVE THE KEY  THE STRANGE VICE OF MRS. WARDH
B00192KCQ0|1.0|My god how can you call this metal, I think ELTON JOHN is heavier than this! The lyrics are horrible and they hash over every break down and riff on one song. If you want old school metal that is STILL METAL, pick up TESTAMENT's FORMATION OF DAMNATION IF YOU HAVE SOME BALLS LEFT.
B001DDBCV4|5.0|I absolutely LOVED this movie so much when I saw it at the theaters that I just had to buy it on Blu-Ray when I saw it was available for pre-order! I can't wait to receive it!!
B00158K0S8|2.0|First let me start off by saying that I think Patton is one of the greatest movies ever.  This is a review of the blue-ray disc and it's over use of DNR (Digital Noise Reduction).  The source elements for this movie where shot on 65mm film, so the image should exhibit a very fine grained texture to it.  The DNR has made the movie look exceedingly clean to the extent of looking like digital video rather than film.  This has caused a softness and lack of detail in the movie.      Want an example?  Go to time code 11:59, it shows a wide shot of a battlefield with a dog in the center left.  The dog leaps forward, but he halts and jerks back in midair for no reason.  The reason for this is the dog is teathered by a leash.  It's been virtually erased from the film by \\"cleaning it up with DNR\\".  In a still frame you can barely discern a thin line attached to the dog.  Yes you should see the dog leash, watch your old dvd copy.  The blue ray might look good on a small screen but as you go up in screen size more of these problems stand out.  This disc doesn't represent the movie's photography and doesn't live up to blue-ray's potential.  Film is a medium that the movie artist paints his creation on.  With DNR they can change the medium and thus change the movie.    I hope that maybe they will see thier mistake and pull this blue-ray and give us one from the source.
B001CFLHJA|5.0|Recently, I was lamenting about the passage of many of our jazz greats due to age, sickness, etc. I told my wife that the current generation of musicians don't seem to be interested in nuturing our beloved music with taste and technical prowess. I was wrong. There is a new group of young jazz lions out there and Aaron Parks is at the front of the the pack! In fact, on a recent trip to New York City, we were lucky enough to catch Aaron and a stunningly brillient guitarist named Mike Moreno at New York's \\"Jazz Standard\\" club. The music these young men put down was all at once beautiful and intricate. I could not believe my ears. So, I purchased the Aaron Parks CD and was not let down. I've now listened to it multiple times and it keeps getting better. It is inventive and thick with excellent playing. Buy it.
031606792X|5.0|\\"Dracula meets Buffy the Vampire in this conclusion to The Twilight Saga about fantastical passion with a bite to it.  Fun listening in this audio version.\\"
B00192KCQ0|5.0|What a fantastic new release. Let's forget, as James put it - the near death experience of St. Anger. Death Magnetic rocks, plain and simple. Described as a modern-day ...And Justice For All, DM contains similarly structured tunes. In steep contrast to St. Anger, there are so many musical threads and passages all in one song - you can tell the band had alot of ideas to work with. And they work well. Some faves - End Of The Line and All Nightmare Long.The first cut we heard off this release was The Day That Never Comes. The video is intriguing for this future classic. I cannot wait to see these songs performed live. I just know they will work splendidly in a live setting. Rock on guys.
0385340990|5.0|\\"Combine members of a bookclub which happens to be called The Guernsey Literary & Potato Peel Pie Society with the spies of World War II and the result is a sure fire best seller.  Guernsey is a small British island that was occupied by the Nazis and members of this special bookclub faced unbelievable challenges.\\"
B00192KCQ0|1.0|Well, it is nothing new here. Recycled. They should retire. Some bands simply can't last. They went nowhere 15 years ago. Goodbye.    I have to add: Lot of people here are complaining about mixing, but painful truth is: crap in - crap out.
1878424505|5.0|After reading this book I stopped drinking and smoking on the drop of a dime.  Within several weeks I was a vegetarian.  I have read \\"Conversations with God\\" that I loved, I read the \\"Celestine Prophecy\\" - so I have read several books in that genre.  But I have never come across a book that packs this much of a spiritual punch.  Did reading this book change my life?  YES!  People say that about books, but it is something else when it happens to you.  This book has influenced my life more than any other book has.  I can only say that the quality of your life will be improved after reading this book, it should be read again and again.
B001E780W8|4.0|Not your typical Slipknot but there are some heart thumping beats and catchy tunes delivered by a great rock band and you cant forget the screamer COR! This album could be a little harder like the OG iowa, subliminal vs. etc. but I am finding myself really liking this album!!
0553208845|5.0|Thank you Mr. Hesse for writing this novel.  The dvine spark that exists in the main character is something that everyone should be able to identify with.  Being captivated by the pages of this book puts us in touch with the divinity that lies within us all.  Throughout the book, the resolute spirit, the capacity for the character to live his life with abandon is always there.  It is hard for this book to end and one wishes that Sidhartha continues on.  Perhaps  we can all bring Siddhartha with us in spirit, to provide us with uplift and inspiration as we carry on with our own journeys.
B001CD6FKI|1.0|Okay I loved Speed Racer the movie. It was all kinds of entertaining, but this DVD release is pitiful. I'm afraid to open it because I may want to return it given that the little sticker about the digital copy on the front tells some disappointing news. There are barely any extras. What's that about? I know there has to be all sorts of goodies they could have released with it but they're not going to. Not yet anyway. WB has surpassed even Disney's level of greed because in addition to the lack of actual extras, according to the sticker on the front of the copy I bought the Digital Copy (which you have to get *separately* which will take more time and \\"additional charges apply\\") won't work on anything Mac. Windows Media all the way, apparently. Lame since WM has given me tons of trouble. One of many reasons I switched to Mac. I shouldn't be surprised thought. WB was the one who got the bright idea to make more money by selling a 2 disc version of Harry Potter with all the extras and a movie only version and then charging an arm and a leg for the extras we used to get for a reasonable price. As I said, I loved the movie Speed Racer, but I'm tempted to take it back and not purchase it  at all in protest of Warner Brother's and their growing greed. Disney was never this bad.
B000V86OKG|5.0|I couldn't wait for the 2nd series of Dexter after having watched the 1st series.   Really enjoyed the 2nd series although there were a few changes that I wasn't sure would work - but of course they did, will not spoil it for folk who still haven't seen the 2nd series but needless to say if you were a fan of the 1st series you will love this one too.   Roll on the 3rd.
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|Yes, CLOVERFIELD as a movie has lots of difficiences, including plot holes, too much camera bounce, sketchy acting, and a rather depressing ending.  But as the second step in a new style of filmmaking (Blair Witch Project being the first) it IS IMPRESSIVE!  After the first 20 minutes of Yuppie melodrama, the movie essentially turns into a theme-park ride.  You might not be sold on the acting, but you do feel that you're RIGHT THERE IN MANHATTAN AS THE CREATURE ATTACKS, and for me that was a new and invigorating experience.      As videogames become ever-more realistic, I can imagine a Cloverfield-type game where you are part of the action, moving your control stick at crucial times to jump to the next building, run from the creature, etc.  This could be accomplished with present technology in the same manner as the old video-disc cartoon game \\"Dragon's Lair\\", where your joystick response at a crucial time automatically selected which video clip was played (one would show you successfully escaping, the other would show your death).  Years in the future, more powerful computers and software could allow a game with more detailed choices.        So I won't lament Cloverfield's weaknesses.  We're seeing the birth of a new type of movie/gaming experience here...
B000WZOMRA|5.0|Great movie by Danny Kaye, the import plays fine on region 1 dvd player and I had no problem watching it on my sony blue ray dvd player.  Good picture and the movie itself is top 10 on my list.
B000002H4C|4.0|It's missing the 'Through being cool' song by Devo that was playing during the bar scene in 'Taarna'
0757307272|5.0|Success Principles for Teens is the result of Kent Healy's partnership with Jack Canfield, co-creator of the Chicken Soup for the Soul book series. Healy, teen entrepreneur turned twenty-three year old author and motivational speaker, lends his youthful voice to this inspiring book.<br /><br />\\"I learned that the only way you are going to get anywhere in life is to work hard at it. Whether you're a musician, a writer, an athlete, or a businessman, there is no getting around it. If you do, you will win - if you don't, you won't\\" This quote by Bruce Jenner, Olympic gold medalist in the decathlon captures the essence of this extraordinary compilation of success principles.<br /><br />Encouragement abounds for teens desiring improved grades and healthy relationships with peers and parents. The first step is for young people to take responsibility for their own lives.<br /><br />Chapters build on one another: goal-setting and facing fears, rejection and feedback, track small successes and focus on the prize. Main principles are gathered at the conclusion of each chapter with a to-do list. The book is a comprehensive and practical resource presented in a teen-friendly format.<br /><br />\\"I take rejection as someone blowing a bugle in my ear to wake me up and get going, rather than retreat.\\" Quotes like this one by Sylvester Stallone in addition to others successful and well-known people appear every few pages. Stories by teenagers who have overcome obstacles to attain their best are interspersed with true stories by both authors.<br /><br />This book must find its way into every junior high and high school library. As an adult, I was inspired after reading through this book. I shared some of the stories with my teenagers and strongly encouraged them to read it also. It contains the spark necessary to launch today's youth into fulfilling adult lives.<br /><br />Armchair Interviews says: Inspiring message for teens and adults/parents alike.
B00006FR47|5.0|Chicago 5 was a great jazz rock fusion album.  It contained two hits, \\"Saturday in the Park\\" and the lesser known \\"Dialogue\\".  I am tempted to say it is the best Chicago album.  However, being a single LP, it is hard for Chicago 5 to compete with the several double LP sets that contained a whole lot of great music.  I guess I will settle on this conclusion, of the single LP's that Chicago released, this is by far the best!  Some of the outstanding album tracks include, \\"Now that You've Gone\\", \\"State of the Union\\", and \\"While the City Sleeps\\".
0767020308|3.0|Visually appealing. Pretty dresses, houses, and scenery. Better than television. Only 3-stars, because the script could be better. 3-stars compared to \\"Pride and Prejudice\\". This is the best version so far. Pleasant to watch once.     Emma meddles in her friend's romances to their harm.    We see Emma insulting nice people. We see Emma being condescending to her friends; meaning Emma's attitude shows Emma is thinking how she is better than her friends, rather than being thankful for her friend's friendship, kindness, and good qualities. Emma is prideful, because Emma values appearance, charm, money, and power, which she has, more than the truly valuable, friendship, good-character, kindness, and goodness that her poor friends have.     If you liked this, you should like \\"Under the Greenwood Tree\\", which has more humor. Even better is \\"North and South\\", \\"Wives and Daughters\\", and \\"Pride and Prejudice\\"-1995 or 1940.    My suggestions for a remake of this film are under the \\"comment\\" button below.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I can't believe so many people gave this a bad review. In my mind, this is movie perfectly embodies the disconnected, lonely feeling one experiences even among millions of people when undergoing an existential crisis. I still remember the feeling I got the first time I watched this. I experienced Bill Murray's unsatisfied apathy and Scarlett Johanssen's hopelessly drifting sense of self as if they were my own. And Sofia Coppola, showing her immensely skill at direction, manages to impart an appreciation of the noble beauty of loneliness which lingers after the credits have finished rolling.    This movie is stylish, funny, deep, and real, and for all of these reasons, it deserves a top spot on any philosophical filmgoer's list.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This album is better than ...And justice for all, and it sounds great. some people need to get a new sound system or something. I listened to it with my headphones and it sounded way better than anything I listened to in the last 4-5 years. it still could have been little bit better, but I can't complain.    Is it the best metallica album? probably not. but it is quite amazing that after all these years Metallica continues to re-define Metal with each album and still do whatever they want to do.    They are not slave to the fans, and they are not going to do another Master of Puppets album for anyone else other than for themselves if they want to.  that is why I respect them more than any other artist out there.    I especially like Broken, Beat & Scarred, Judas Kiss, unforgiven III and the second part of Suicide & redemption.
0679879269|3.0|Throughout junior high and high school, I heard constant mention of the \\"His Dark Materials\\" trilogy but never got to read it myself. Years later, I finally picked up the books and breezed through the first two in less than a week. The third book in the series, however, was far more difficult to read.     At first glance, I was surprised by its size: \\"The Golden Compass\\" and \\"The Subtle Knife\\" are both condense, well-written stories with less than 400 pages apiece, but \\"The Amber Spyglass\\" is over 500 pages long and definitely not as well-written as its predecessors. Many parts of the story dragged, and many of the major characters (aside from the two stars of the series, Lyra and Will) played significantly smaller roles than in the previous two books.     To add to this, many of the mysteries and secrets set up in the first two books are not fully explained in the third book. For example, advertisements for \\"The Amber Spyglass\\" claim readers will discover the startling secret of Dust. This never happens. I'm okay with a few unsolved mysteries but so many loose ends are left untied here that I was disappointed.     I also had a problem with the romance created between Lyra and Will. (Sorry if I'm spoiling this for readers, but anybody who's read the first two books should see it coming.) The story does have a coming-of-age subtone but Pullman treats Lyra and Will's romance as a complex, intimate, adult passion that is too rare among young teenagers to be believeable here.     Overall, the series is worth reading but don't expect the \\"astonishing conclusion\\" as promised by promotional advertisements and teasers.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|My son introduced me to this movie.  I watched it and the songs were playing through my mind so I bought the CD.  I love it!
B000002LQR|1.0|Memo to 3,000 FM rock stations............1991  Please play a band called the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Their songs, \\"Under the Bridge\\" and \\"Give it Away\\" should be continually played till you have brainwashed the unwashed masses into believing this is a cool new band. Do not refer to any of their earlier LP's or that they came from alternative music scene. The band have been around a number of years and it is to your benefit to avoid mentioning their history as we had no intention of supporting them during their early years.   Refer to the band in a familiar way, i.e \\"The Chili Peppers,\\" and become sponsors of any up coming tours.   Their music is a little rock, a little funk some rap and they do ballads as well. Their stuff is as bland as 70's wallpaper and inoffensive, and yet we can still market them easily as bad boy rockers. Recent discussions with the \\"Chili Peppers\\" management indicate a long term desire of the band to make lame Cd's, as unoriginal as possible for years to come. Their manager described the bands attitude as follows. \\"Like a transsexual not knowing if he wants to stand up or sit down to piss, the Chili Peppers will keep making CD's neither just rock, nor funk, or rap and yet the money and image will be the deciding factors.\\"
B0013USZHG|5.0|This is an excellent CD showcasing the work of a brilliant young  director. Anyone not familiar with this new talent will be very  pleasantly surprised.  The music is exciting and the direction superb.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|Absolutely awesome series!! Outstanding, the best series ever in its genre. I can wait to see the new season.
031606792X|1.0|A lot of other reviews have already summed up my feelings about Breaking Dawn and the series. I wasn't impressed with the series. It had a predictable plot, flat characters, and mediocre writing. I guess no one told SM that having a main character (Bella) that is so whiny, needy, and selfish that it makes the reader hate her is not a good writing technique. These books are not literary masterpieces.     Despite my opinion, I would like to consider why these books are so popular. These were written for females essentially. And what female doesn't like a love story or, in this case, an infatuation story. I'm sure a lot of teen girls who read this like to imagine themselves in Bella's position. Imagine having two guys obsessed with you and end up being with the \\"perfect, gorgeous\\" one while tossing the other off to the side.      That whole concept sends a dangerous message to teenage girls. I was a teenage girl not too long ago and I was very influenced by media, popular culture, books, and movies. These books give young girls the impression that it is okay to be completely dependent on your boyfriend and have no other solid relationships or anything else that defines you as a person. SM should know better.     I would have liked to see these books based more in reality. I know they are fantasy but SM could have made the relationship between Edward and Bella more realistic. In real life, deep love relationships have a foundation, the couple has something in common besides physical attraction to one another. Also, there are no sacrifices that Bella suffers to be with Edward. Some may argue that she sacrificed college, human experiences, and her parents to become a vampire but none of that was really important to her in the first place. Only Edward was really important to her. What a horrible message to send.      I could write about several other things that I disliked about the series but they have already been covered in other reviews. If you like fantasy and a love story there are better books out there than these.
B000001EHS|5.0|Great mix of songs that I remember from my high school years.  I loved the Pyromania album, but this one brings together a lot of great songs.  Rock On!
B001DMJ9R4|5.0|When I first heard about this CD/DVD release from Avenged Sevenfold, I was pretty excited, but I wouldn't have expected something this great in a hundred years. Not only does A7X show that they are still capable of writing excellent music (possibly my favorite since Waking the Fallen) on the CD portion of this release, but they also demonstrate their ability to put on one hell of a live show on the DVD.<br /><br />DIAMONDS IN THE ROUGH (CD)<br />To put it simply, the B-sides kick. Hard. Waking the Fallen fans will salivate over many of the riffs. Fans of City of Evil and the self-titled album will love the vocals. Everyone will enjoy the solos, and no one will be able resist headbanging to the Rev's drum onslaught. The two covers are great, though I'd give Flash of the Blade (Iron Maiden) a slight edge over Walk (Pantera). Shadows seemed to be trying too hard to imitate Phil Anselmo on the latter track, rather than sticking to his own style. Also, the alternate version of Almost Easy is essentially the same as the final album version, except it has an added vocal fill. The alternate version of Afterlife, on the other hand, has a couple of significantly different background riffs/violins going on almost throughout the song.<br /><br />The negative thing I can say for the B-sides is that Demons, the opener, is about 2 minutes too long, and Tension is nothing special, but aside from the flaws on those two tracks everything sounds awesome.<br /><br />LIVE IN THE LBC (DVD)<br />The first thought that comes to my mind is \\"could this possibly be the best live DVD ever?\\" but I've seen so many good ones I'm not sure I can honestly say this is THE definitive concert Dvd, though it is up there. In any case, this one will have you running around the room moshing and swatting at invisible deathbats. It feels that real. When I saw A7X on the Taste of Chaos tour they were great, but this DVD captures everything I missed from my terrible seats and let me see all the action up close.<br /><br />The actual show was left largely unedited (always a good thing), so all the in-between stuff like the band interacting with the crowd and Johnny Christ drinking beer is in there. The picture and sound quality are both absolutely top notch, and all the right camera angles were used. The editing, in short, is perfect.<br /><br />The band themselves were excellent. Shadows sounded GREAT and even did a touch of screaming. The guitars were flawless, and Zachy, Syn, and the Rev really nailed their backing vocals, which has been a weakness in some of the other live videos I've seen of A7X. Also, they throw in a few \\"surprises\\" that really add to the fun of the show, but I don't want to spoil anything for potential buyers.<br /><br />The last thing I really liked about the DVD was the extras. The intro videos to Scream and the encore are both there along with the concert intro videos for every stop along the tour. For those who didn't catch A7X on the Taste of Chaos Tour, they played a different intro video for every city 15 minutes before coming on stage, each one involving a joke or ruse of some sort from the band while backstage, and they put all of them on the DVD for us to see.<br /><br />Frankly, if you want to see what kind of show Avenged Sevenfold is capable of putting on, then you need to buy this. Anyone who saw them on the Taste of Chaos Tour will find themselves reliving a hell of a show, and anyone who didn't will probably be punching themselves for not getting tickets. I literally found myself hoping the DVD wouldn't end, it was that good. If there is anything negative to be said about it at all, it would be that they didn't play enough material off of Waking the Fallen, but it's not even that big a deal to me. Don't waste any time in picking it up. Get it while it's cheap.rgely unedited (always a good thing), so all the in-between stuff like the band interacting with the crowd and Johnny Christ drinking beer is in there. The picture and sound quality are both absolutely top notch, and all the right camera angles were used. The editing, in short, is perfect.    The band themselves were excellent. Shadows sounded GREAT and even did a touch of screaming. The guitars were flawless, and Zachy, Syn, and the Rev really nailed their backing vocals, which has been a weakness in some of the other live videos I've seen of A7X. Also, they throw in a few \\"surprises\\" that really add to the fun of the show, but I don't want to spoil anything for potential buyers.    The last thing I really liked about the DVD was the extras. The intro videos to Scream and the encore are both there along with the concert intro videos for every stop along the tour. For those who didn't catch A7X on the Taste of Chaos Tour, they played a different intro video for every city 15 minutes before coming on stage, each one involving a joke or ruse of some sort from the band while backstage, and they put all of them on the DVD for us to see.    Frankly, if you want to see what kind of show Avenged Sevenfold is capable of putting on, then you need to buy this. Anyone who saw them on the Taste of Chaos Tour will find themselves reliving a hell of a show, and anyone who didn't will probably be punching themselves for not getting tickets. I literally found myself hoping the DVD wouldn't end, it was that good. If there is anything negative to be said about it at all, it would be that they didn't play enough material off of Waking the Fallen, but it's not even that big a deal to me. Don't waste any time in picking it up. Get it while it's cheap.
0740748475|5.0|Since I`ve been a big fan of Calvin and Hobbes for years I`m very happy to now hold this ultimate collection in my hands. It`s worth every penny. Still the cardboardbox reached me torn and the corners were damaged too.  Still after having paid all the custom fees, how could I  have ever sent it back?
0307269191|4.0|I enjoy Murakami's free flowing thought process which is the basis of this book and central to his novels. It is clear from this memoir that his central characters in his fictional works are closely based on the writer himself. I have read all his books that have been translated into English. I also have a copy of his book \\" Sydney\\" written around the olympic games in Sydney where I live . Unfortunately it is in Japanese and although I have studied Japanese my knowledge of the language is not nearly good enough to read it properly. I would very much appreciate it if Amazon could ask Murakami-san to get the book translated into english.<br />Murakami Fan<br />Gordon Conroy<br />Sydney Australia
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely love this book I could hardly put it down. Stephenie Meyer is  a wonderful writer. I only wish this book is not the last in the series.
031606792X|5.0|This was the perfect ending to a wonderful story of love.  Stephenie Meyer is a great story teller.  I can not get enough of Bella & Edward.  I can not wait until she decides to come back to Forks to finish telling Edwards side of the story.  I truly hope she does all 4 books that way.
B000BCE918|3.0|The Jurassic Park Adventure Pack includes the three blockbuster films, the first two of which were directed by Steven Spielberg, and the last of which was directed by Joe Johnston. The films are loosely based upon characters and events from the novels, [[ASIN:0345370775 Jurassic Park]] and [[ASIN:034540288X The Lost World]] by Michael Crichton. Though each film surpasses its predecessor in the evolution of computer-generated visual effects, the screenplays become progressively worse. There have been many critics who have said that they wished this series would spend more time on developing three-dimensional characters, rather than spending so much time and money on creating three-dimensional dinosaurs. Even though these films vary in artistic and technical quality, this set is a worthwhile addition to a collector's film library due in part to the amazing array of bonus materials.    [[ASIN:B00003CXAT Jurassic Park]] - 1993  Jurassic Park is an impressive step forward in the history of filmmaking, and despite its flaws (most of which can be attributed to the screenplay), the film has become an American classic.  When Alan Grant, a paleontologist and Ellie Sattler, a paleobotanist are invited to spend the weekend on a remote tropical island where they will preview an amusement park, they have no idea what wonders and horrors lie in store. The park's owner, John Hammond, has created a zoological preserve for dinosaurs. Unsurprisingly, the dinosaurs escape from their confines and begin attacking and eating people.    [[ASIN:B00004U8JV The Lost World: Jurassic Park]] - 1997  The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a somewhat disappointing follow-up to the first Jurassic Park film, but the fact that the screenplay was poorly written didn't affect the film's overall Box Office success.  Ian Malcolm leads an expedition to the remote island of Isla Sorna, which is the neighboring island to Isla Nublar, where John Hammond's park was created. Malcolm's goal is to rescue his girlfriend and aid conservationists who want to protect the island and its ancient inhabitants, but soon they find themselves in mortal danger.    [[ASIN:B00003CXXS Jurassic Park III]] - 2001  Jurassic Park III is easily the weakest film in the Jurassic Park series; this is due to the illogical plot and the shallow (almost non-existent) characterization. Joe Johnston, who was eager to helm a film in the series directed, this third film. However since the film's dismissal by critics and fans, he has declined an offer to direct the fourth Jurassic Park film.  Alan Grant is deceived into helping a divorced couple rescue their son from Isla Sorna, where the boy was stranded after a glider accident. When fearsome prehistoric beasts attack their search party, Grant must help them to survive.    Collectively the three films feature an impressive cast including Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Bob Peck, Martin Ferrero, B.D. Wong, Samuel L. Jackson, Wayne Knight, Joseph Mazzello, Ariana Richards, Julianne Moore, Pete Postlethwaite, Arliss Howard, Vince Vaughn, William H. Macy, Ta Leoni, Alessandro Nivola, Trevor Morgan, and Michael Jeter.    Disc 1 contains the original Jurassic Park film, along with these bonus materials: The making of Jurassic Park documentary, early pre-production meetings, animatics sequence, storyboards, dinosaur encyclopedia, production notes, cast and filmmakers' bios, and theatrical trailers for all three Jurassic Park films.     Disc 2 contains the sequel The Lost World: Jurassic Park, along with these bonus materials: Making The Lost World documentary, two deleted scenes, illustrations and conceptual drawings, storyboards, The World of Jurassic Park, The Magic of ILM, dinosaur encyclopedia, production notes and photographs, cast and filmmakers' bios, and theatrical trailers.     Disc 3 contains the sequel Jurassic Park III, along with these bonus materials: The Making of Jurassic Park III documentary, audio commentary with the special effects team, The New Dinosaurs of Jurassic Park III featurette, Tour of Stan Winston Studios featurette, A Visit to ILM (3 featurettes), dinosaur turntables, Behind-the-Scenes (3 featurettes), Final Feature Comparison multi-angle featurette, Jurassic Park III archives, theatrical trailers, Montana: Finding New Dinosaurs featurette, production notes, cast and filmmakers' bios, and more.    Also recommended:  [[ASIN:B00005ABVF The Lost World]] (Restored 1925 version)  [[ASIN:B000BMY2KG Ray Harryhausen Gift Set]]  [[ASIN:B000UPMZ44 Ultimate Dinosaur Collection]]  [[ASIN:B000OVLMHU Prehistoric Park]]  [[ASIN:B0000AN4GH Prehistoric Planet]]
0385335482|5.0|I AM SO ADDICTED TO THIS SERIES OF BOOKS... I love her humor, I can relate to her main characters lives in all of her books.. I can't wait until she comes out with new books I'm always pre-order.  TOTALLY ADDICTIVE.. even though I am not a shopaholic I get so pulled into her characters lives.  She's my fav. author...
B0011FDVKE|5.0|If Tift Merritt never records another album, I will still be happy. She has made three of the best soft country albums of all time. I will never get tired of listening to her lilting and deeply felt Southern vocals. Clearly she writes the tunes first because they flow just fine on their own but her voice, like that of an angel, adds meaning to the music that few female singers can match. After listening to her music for awhile, you feel you know here inside and out and you just know she is love-filled person just wanting to express it to the world. So much talent, so expressive and one of the all-time greats.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Metallica and I grew up together, I first heard them in 1986 and have never been the same since.  As the bands sound gradually changed through the nineties I lost the faith and hadn't bought one of their albums since Black.  I read a review of Death Magnetic which said it was a refreshing return to Metallica that \\"old school\\" fans remember so I bought it.  The positive reviews are well earned, this is the first album of theirs since \\"Justice for All\\" which is truly \\"all killer, no filler\\"  Track 5, All Nightmare Long\\" in particular returns me to the days when I would try to turn up my stereo until something broke while listening to Master of Puppets or Frayed Ends of Sanity.  It has been too long since I could shut off my car after a drive home cranking a Metallica album and say \\"Hell Yeah!\\"  Buy this album, you won't be sorry
B00005JKLZ|4.0|This product is great. The movie is interesting and relates to the book well. It is a creative idea of what man can create, destroy, and how its impact can be on our civilization in the future. Over All its a fun movie to watch.
0393330435|4.0|If you use a computer (which is almost everyone now) I believe your obligated to read this book. Even though I enjoyed the book I felt like it lead me a little to how Woz wants to be remembered. I have a great admiration for him and this story certainly supports that. While for me there was nothing really shockingly new I did find a lot of little facts and stories that I had not known. Unfortunately I never did follow or understand his activities with the huge concerts in California. Being a long time computer enthusiast I couldn't help but loving this book. Hope you enjoy it as much.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|It is well played with great actings of artests. Costumes are well thought of and designed, the story is very clost to the book. Its modification is verry lovely. It has the world greatest love secen in the latter part of the film. Over all, it is one of the best movies I have seen.
0790731940|4.0|Maverick as Western based action comedy is simply excellent. Its starcast also adds to the success of the hollywood blockbuster. The movie is so realistically filmed that it at times doesn't seem like a 90's movie at all. It looks exactly like the movies The Good, the bad and the ugly and Fistfull of Dollars only even better. The animatronic rattle snakes used in the movie look completely realistic and life like. However, there are a few draw backs few of them can be noted. One is the make up for Alfred Molina. He does not look anything like himself. I agree that he is the bad guy but please not that bad. And Jodie Foster's making her escape with the money is completely inappropriate. Now that both of them play theives instead of outwitting each other their characters should team up.
B001G50QCU|5.0|I am SO GLAD I have a place to get smallville episodes.  I am not going to be able to watch them live and I was getting a little worried seeing as the premiere is tomorrow!  I can't wait to watch the first episode of season 8!
B000Y7U98C|4.0|All though I rarely comment on a film I feel that this one requires it. As a viewer of many Sci Fi films and that includes the first showing of \\" the earth stood still\\". I believe that as an amature (can't spell) movie goer This film provides what intelligent movies demand. It is not a quick CGI ridden film but one that demands the attention of the viewer. In an age where most Sci Fi films depend on special effects and/or   CGI because they have little to tell, this film will demand of the viewer to think. It may not be the best film but it is very close to being a really good film.
B0013D8LOU|5.0|The dvd of the musical Sweeney Todd is fabulous.  One of the best and Johnny Depp does a wonderful job at not only acting but singing as well.  Who knew?
6304712936|4.0|This movie was one of the best Hollywood has ever produced. I do not have to repeat the salient features one more time, as scores of reviewers already did that.<br /><br />However, what disturbed me was this. This movie was based on historical facts. I am very sad to say that, the director, to elevate Mozart's greatness, went great lengths to put down Maestro Salieri to the extent that he showed Salieri having difficulty in composing a small welcome march to Mozart. That was the height of inaccuracy. No one becomes a court composer for nothing. Salieri did produce some of the great compositions of his time.<br /><br />Based on Mozart's allegations of victimization, lot of research went in to find the truth behind them and found that Salieri was jealous but at no point he thwarted Mozart's chances of ascending into the greatness or gaining opportunities. In fact, the movie rightly portrayed that most of Mozart's financial problems, and missed opportunites were due to his lifestyle.<br /><br />My point is this: Mozart would still stand great, and he was the best original musician the world has ever witnessed even when you set historical facts straight.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This release is the first album for Warner Brothers, the first recorded with ex-Suicidal Tendencies bassist Robert Trujillo, and the first produced by Rick Rubin, and . . .    It's damn good! It beats Load; Re-Load; and St Anger by miles, and is also better than the Black Album.  Sonically (although they need to release an uncompressed version), it sounds as though it should have been released between . . . And Justice for All, and the Black Album.  Long, sprawling solos on songs clocking in at over six minutes (ten tracks, roughly seventy-five minutes) bring you back, but the music itself isn't dated or retro.  The drums sound as though they have been correctly tuned this time, and James Hetfield again sounds as though his voice has mileage in it.    If you're a long-suffering Metallica fan, this album has what it takes to ease the pain.  Just buy it.
B00168ML1G|3.0|For those of us with slightly older Bluray players, this one just sits there and loads forever. Did manage to see the Parmaount logo on one of the discs.  Just did a full firmware upgrade a week ago.  Disk will still not play.  Oddly, other new Paramount Discs like Godfather played fine.  Just a word of warning to those who had the Batman Begins problem this past year - It's the same old same old.  These companies do the best the can to screw the consumer.  It's really criminal.
1416562591|5.0|Ice-cube of a book; rolls nicely and relaxes, melts cool and satisfies at several levels. Cuts deep into a complex Indian society and tries to make sense of the apparent mess. Time to break free of the Rooster Coop!
4789011623|5.0|The CD goes along with the book and gives you different voices on how to say it correctly.  Recomend buying it with the book.
0312360266|5.0|This book was great! It kept me reading and wanting more.  It is very creative with the concept of vampires. It ties in the wiccan ideas with vampirism.  great read cant wait to start book 2
B000JCETC4|5.0|David Gilmour is an incredible Song Writer & Musician. David has technical prowess on the guitar, in fact, many instruments -- his choice of notes, melodies, harmonies & rythyms keep me thinking of the possibilities, even in my own playing of Bass, Drums, Keyboards & Guitar. David's writing abilities have always been a source of inspiration with his thoughtful insight about Time, Space, Earthly Delights, etc. We will only get one David Gilmour. I highly recommend this album.
B000127LW2|1.0|I was actually dissapointed with the quality of the first shipment, it had missing disks and disks that didnt belong there.  On the other hand the poor quality of the firt order was corrected as quickly as could be expected.   Jeff w ruiz
B000PC6A3E|5.0|A great beginning to this series.  I look forward to purchasing \\"Dark Knight\\" on Blu-ray.
B001CD6FKS|4.0|If you have a HD TV this is the movie to show off how good your TV is.  The story not great but visually it's amazing !  As for the acting it's not great either. I do like Christina Ricci, she looks hot ! But the chimp steals the show !  The colors & camera angles work to make a very cool movir but the story is a little cheesy !  If you got a blu- player & a good HDTV this movie is cool !!!!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|This album rocks.<br /><br />The only thing preventing me from giving it the full 5 stars is that it needs more cowbell.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|When I first heard the words \\"New Metallica album\\", I immediately cringed at the thought of another \\"Some Kind...\\" with different album art and lyrics. The day release day finally came and I happened to be at a music shop, noticing that they had stacked about 50 copies of the \\"Death Magnetic Album\\" on the shelves. My father actually bought it, while I puked in the corner of the shop at the thought of horrible \\"heavy-rock\\" being blasted in my house latter that night. Do keep in mind, I am a huge fan of Kill 'Em All, Lightning and Master as well as bands like Morbid Angel, Bathory, Venom, Suffocation, Kreator and countless other death and black metal bands. Now let me say this: when the rapping came off and the CD slid in to the car radio, I began to shake. Possibly because the rumbling bass of the opening track, but something inside me gave off a warning of something very heavy coming. and BAM, just like that, the rip-roaring shredding of Kirk and Hetfield blasted through the speakers. THIS IS F***ING 'IT !!! I was stunned! Metallica had, some how, retrieved the old sound I so desired.<br /><br />Aside from some not-so-amazingly-written-but-I-didn't-expect-any good lyrics, this album seriously defies all odds for this long-buried thrash band. 5 stars, great album!!
031606792X|2.0|So before I even read this book I was sure I was going to hate it.I had read all the reviews and it all sounded bad,but as I had already read the first three I decided to trudge on.Was it the best book I have ever read? No. Was it a page turner that I had to stay up all night to read like the Harry Potter books? No. Was it worth the 19.99. Not really. But I can say this about it-it was entertaining,it kept my interest enough for me to finish it.I guess this whole series was kinda like a guilty pleasure that I dont want anyone to know that I read(sort of like those V.C. Andrew books I used to read as a kid). So my advise is-if you want to read a book that you dont want to think to much about and the storyline that is very predictable,but enjoyable give it a try and stop over analyzing it as if it was a great American novel like Huckleberry Finn. I give it 2 stars.....
