0684833395|4.0|This is one of those books that I've heard about for a long time, so I finally decided to read it. It seemed like the kind of book that I like, and the first chapter is a riot. There are, however, more than a couple of  chapters that drag on forever. It's kind of tough to keep all the  characters straight too, but by the end of the book you will be able  to.<br />The book is very illogical and absurd, which is one of the things  that makes it so enjoyable, though some readers may find it trying when  characters say or do things that they think make no sense. On the whole,  the novel reminds me of listening in on somebody's old war stories.A fun  read though, but make sure you're not being forced to read it, since no  good things ever come out of being forced to read something.
0385484518|5.0|I found Tuesdays With Morrie to be a very thoughtful and insightful book.  One can learn quite a bit from the many life lessons offered throughout the book.  I cannot compare this book to any other, only because of the fact  that I have never read a book such as this.  I am used to reading action,  adventure, or suspense filled books.  Tuesdays With Morrie is a  surprisingly good change of genre.  Mitch Albom's use of narrative  structure is very unique.  Mitch Albom, the narrator, switches between  present and past tense all throughout the story.  When he is focusing on  the story, he uses present tense to allow his own thoughts and opinions to  come alive on the the paper.  The past experiences are focused more on  factual events.  Mitch Albom's use of imagery really made each of the  character's true personalities and traits come to life.  When descirbing  the condition of Morrie, Albom makes it easy to picture the kind of things  Morrie had to go through.  &quot;With each visit, Morrie seemed to be  melting into his chair, his spine taking it's shape.  Still, every morning  he insisted on being lifted from his bed and wheeled into his study,  deposited there among his books and papers and the hibiscus plant on the  windowsill.&quot;  What this sentence also shows is how strong minded  Morrie was and how he always wanted to keep living.  Instead of just saying  each lesson right out, Albom chose to take the long path, the interesting  path.  It seems as if each chapter is it's own little story and each one  has a seperate lesson.  Instead of just saying this lesson right out, he  carries it out in long stories which Morrie relayed to him.  Each story is  symbolic to the chapter title yet I am always amazed on how he can relate  certain things to his lessons.  One time Morrie talked of his dad and how  he died.  Morrie said that he never knew what his dad had thought about  anything and when his dad died there were so many things that he wanted to  know about himbut never got the chance.  He was sure to make certain  everyone said thier goodbyes before he passed away.  The main point of this  chapter was how love goes on.  Morrie said that once a person diesthier  memories and voice will live on in the people that loved themI thought  Albom did a very good job of portraying this message.  Each story relates  to main theme of the book, life.  How it is never too late and how you  should speak to your loved ones as if it were the last time.  The format of  the book is very similar to a research paper.  Albom states a general  thesis staement and then goes on and describes it with stories and lots of  detail.  And at the end is the conclusion.  I would definately recomend  this book to anyone.  I'm not saying that anyone would be interested but I  think that everyone should at least give it a chance.  It is the kind of  book that requires an interest in learning, not book smarts, but other  important issues such as love and death.  It requires an open and  inquisitve mind about these issues.  You could easily come up with your own  opinions on these subjects from your own experiences, but half the lesson  is relating everything Morrie has to say to your own life.  And that is why  I believe this book is worth your time.
B00003003R|3.0|Guns and Roses returns after years of being in the bargain bins. This CD has all of Guns and Roses at their best from Welcolme to estranged. The music is great and it makes you realize why this band was so popular but,  the quality of the recording is terrible. This cd sounds like what live  cd's  sounded like in the 70's.  I would expect more from Axl. What  happened did you forget how to record music? This is the same guy that  caused a riot because the sound man could not get the music to stop feeding  back in concert and Axl stormed off the stage. I think I will stick to the  studio music. Hopefully, the next cd will be better.
0385484518|5.0|I intend to read this book again and again--not immediately, rather from time to time in years to come. It is a reference book on life; something you should return to every so often to place your life in proper  perspective.
B00002E233|5.0|The people you think will live, die &amp; the people you think die, live! This film is very fun and unpredictable!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Everyone always knows Metallica for their hard guitar rifts and pounding drum beats from Ride The Lightning and Master of Puppets.  Metallica is one of those bands that just like Stone Temple Pilots can change and evolve  into a greater band.<br />S&amp;M is one of the best Metallica albums.  I  think it has its beats and drive that Metallica is known for but what is  very interesting is that the symphony in the background accents James's  lyrics.  Those powerful lyrics are hidden behind the music on most albums  but with S&amp;M experience a different Metallica.
B00000BKE0|5.0|If you've never listened to an Iron Maiden album before, I highly recommend starting with this one!  No Prayer For The Dying, in my own opinion, is truly a musical masterpiece and probably my favorite Iron  Maiden album to date.  It combines heavy riffs along with moving lyrics  that just makes you want to turn up the stereo a notch higher and blow out  your ears.  A typical Iron Maiden album usually has one or two hits.  However, No Prayer For The Dying offers such hard-hitting tracks like the  religious views of Holy Smoke, the war-based track Tailgunner, the vicious  Bring Your Daughter...To The Slaughter, and my personal favorite, Public  Enema Number One. Bassist Steve Harris truly amazed me with his powerful  lyrics, and guitarists Dave Murray and newcomer Janick Gers must have  played until their fingers bled.  But I feel the main attraction was, as  usual, vocalist Bruce Dickinson and his high-pitched scream, and its no  wonder why fans call him the 'Air Raid Siren'.  While other Iron Maiden  albums may not be as good, No Prayer For The Dying is an album that you'll  just want to keep playing over and over again.
6305662371|5.0|either. its a good movie, its really great how this movie caused such a uproar too! see, movies these days are make this one look like cheesewhip but back then there were never any movies like this. this was the first of  its kind and people have never seen a movie like this before, if you were  raised in the 80's you were probley numbed by  violence onscreen with Jason  and The Evil Dead movies. but before this came out there was just really  tame horror movies, besides chainsaw massacre and night of the living dead,  but none ever handled religon like this before. great film, the special  edition treatment is awesome.
B00001U0DP|2.0|This is certainly one movie that did not meet my expectations. It is cosmetically gorgeous - as all movies shot in Tuscany seem to be. However, the plot is a mish-mash of every popular movie and politico-social trends  from the past few decades. Stand-up comedy, in the backdrop of the  Holocaust, with a cute kid thrown in and gorgeous scenery just did not gel.  A weak storyline needs that special touch to make a transition from the  real to the magical. But it simply does not happen. The Germans seem very  adept at running the camp but when it comes to Guido and his son, they seem  oblivious to the obvious. The plot is improbable and at every attempt Guido  seems to do something that makes the tenous storyline even more  unbelievable. The scenes of the gas chambers seem disjointed and poorly  stitched in. I think the director's true genious is in giving Hollywood a  recipe with every ingredient for formulaic success and watch it being  gulped down and swallowed with &quot;I feel good now&quot; attitude. It has  been an interesting progression from Kolya (communism and cute kid) to Life  is Beautiful (Arrezo, kid, Facism, and stand-up comedy).<br />Europa, Europa  from a few years ago did a much better job portraying the Holocaust and the  inconsistencies of the War from a unique point of view. One cannot forget  The Garden of Finzi-Continis - with a very similar theme but much more  thought provoking and haunting. And if you are looking for the cute kid  angle, do not forget Central Station - a real life movie that turns magical  towards the end w/o any political agenda to bolster it. And the laughs - I  rather watch Austin Powers.
B000000QFV|4.0|Featuring Tony Martin in prime vocal form-what a great vocalist!-'Tyr'is not only a very heavy and hard hitting album,it is actually better than forgettable titles such as 'Never Say Die'or'Live Evil'.'Feels Good to  Me'is probably one of the best tunes they ever wrote.Time to move out of  the Ozzy-Dio paradigm!
B000002OVJ|5.0|This album makes clear what kind of live band the Who was after Tommy and before Who's Next:  The best.  I prefer the live versions of songs like Tattoo and A Quick One on this album to the studio versions.  A great cd to  start getting into the Who.  But don't buy it online for more than $10.00 -  it recently got stuck with the NICE PRICE sticker and is 9 bucks most  everywhere.
B000002LQR|5.0|I bought this CD after buying Californication and I don't know which one is better.  BSSM is a great CD.  Each of the songs could easily have been a single.  Flea and John are the greatest guitar players in the world.   'Under the Bridge' is the best song ever written.  Every music lover should  have this CD in their collection.  It's one of the best!
B00000JCB2|1.0|Let me tell you a story. It's about a band that becomes a megamillion dollar commercial success, using only a mangled cover of a George Michael song and some whiny, childish, badly-mixed wanna-be rap tracks. Sound like  a fairy tale?<br /> Sorry. It's Significant Other from Florida's very own Limp  Bizkit.<BR>Yeah, I respect everybody else's tastes, but the lyrics really  aren't clever  or profound like I've heard some people say, and Limp Bizkit  could use a good, old-fashioned dose of talent. Just my thoughts. +=SrCosmo
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica has done it again!  Another great album to make any fan coming back for more in the months to come.  Joining Metallica is the San Francisco orchestra that not only makes the sound unique, but the composing  but Micheal Kamen is exceptional.  This album is live from California and  you will notice that the fans get into the music from beginning to end.  By  far, one of my favorites from Metallica.  Great work!
6304056958|5.0|&quot;THE WOMEN&quot; is probably the best comedy of the  20th century! You have to watch it many times to be able to catch all the unbelievably funny lines. Every line, character, performance and production value of  this movie hits the nail right on the head each and every time. There are  so many funny scenes its impossible to choose a favorite or I would just  wind up writing out the ENTIRE script. Just a few that come to mind include  the conversation in Mary's living room before luncheon, &quot;On the train  for Reno,&quot; the Roz Russell/Joan Fontaine exercise scene, the  manicurist blabbing scene and most of all...Joan Crawford's telephone  soliloquy with &quot;Stephen.&quot; This performance was proof of the  equal, if not greater, talent Crawford had compared to that of Norma  Shearer. Buy this movie. It truly is THE comedy of ALL TIME!  (&quot;L'Amour! L'Amour! Tojour, L'Amour! Pour another little drinkie for  the  Countess...&quot;)
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I bought this CD for one song and was surprisingly pleased to like almost all of them. They have such a mix of music and lyrics that it is hard not to relate to most of them. I want to order this CD for all my friends. It  really puts you in a good mood. It was definitely a great buy from  Amazon.com. I hope you all decide to buy this CD and enjoy it as much as we  do!
B00000K19E|5.0|Want to see the future of film-making? Look no further than &quot;The Matrix&quot;! Truely stunning use of cutting-edge film-making technology combines with a strong plot and great characterisation (Fishburne is  particularily good) to produce a film experience that will not be soon  forgotten.
B000002LQR|5.0|I bought this CD after buying Californication and I don't know which one is better.  BSSM is a great CD.  Each of the songs could easily have been a single.  Flea and John are the greatest guitar players in the world.   'Under the Bridge' is the best song ever written.  Every music lover should  have this CD in their collection.  It's one of the best!
0792151712|3.0|I didn't go to the theater to see it because it was too long, but I knew I did want to see it one day.  All the hype got my hopes up.  The sinking scenes were entirely too long- that was about 3/4s of the movie.  I didn't  even cry, like many people told me I would.  When I finished watching, I  felt like I'd wasted three hours of my time.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|&quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot; is by far the best yet of Rage Against the Machine.  You can't keep still while listening to &quot;Testify&quot;, &quot;Guerilla Radio&quot;, &quot;Calm Like a  Bomb&quot;, or &quot;Mic Check.&quot;  You may not agree with Rage's social  issues and opinions, but you have to admit these men do play good music.   Tom Morello is an excellent guitarist.  He makes sounds with a guitar that  I didn't know they could make!   Buy the album.  You won't be disappointed.
B00000D9TK|3.0|I love Celine doing what she does best in her native language.  I don't know what all the words mean but, for an Englishman fluent in only his own language, a literal translation would surely spoil the flow of this  excellent composition.<br />In my opinion the album is very much along the  same lines as D'eux (1995).  Both are a collaberation with Jean-Jacques  Goldman. Both have a collection of good background listening songs with the  odd one or two that stand out as truly superb.  On ne change pas is my  particular favourite, but looking at other reviews it seems we all have a  particular favourite. <br />Overall a good addition to your collection if  either you are an avid Celine fan, like French music or if you see it on  special over Xmas.
079213690X|5.0|This movie has everyhting in it: love, drama, comedy, and action. It is my favorite movie of all time. I WATCH IT OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN!  YOU MUST SEE IT!
B000020617|5.0|this cd is amazing. It has so much power in it. My favorite song is gimme sitches. This is better than the color and the shape, and their self-titled one. Without kurt cobain's death there would be no foo fighters and i am  right.
630438551X|3.0|Claire and Leo did a good job reciting the lines from the play, but their love was just not believable.  The modern day setting of the play, to me, was kind of tacky.  The play loses its authenticity and you don't get the  &quot;total experience&quot; you should from a Shakesperean play.  Or in  this case, a movie based on a Shakesperean play.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|Great movie providing an excellent role model for girls. Disney did an excellent job again.  The sound track is great if somewhat limited in variety.
0812548094|3.0|I absolutely loved Wizard's First Rule, and enthusastically purchased the second book.  I'm around 1/3 of the way through, and that will probably be it for me.  The writing is excellent and well-paced.  But disappointment #1  came with the introduction of the &quot;Sisters of Light&quot; (read Aes  Sedai).  C'mon, I know there will be comparable events, characters, etc  accross fantasy books, but this isn't even an original thought.  I like  Robert Jordan, but don't want to re-read him under the guise of another  author.  Disappointment #2, and the reason I won't finish, is the  unecessary detail given to the graphic sexual &quot;perversions&quot; if  you will.  I won't spell out for those reading this exactly what I'm  referring to.  Allude to them, Terry, it makes for a better book.  Jordan  does it well, as does Lawhead and Eddings.  So, I'm onto George R R Martin  now, which is a shame, because I think your story telling, pace and style  are actually better than Mr. Jordan's.  Hence the rating of three.  But I  don't need the rest.  I can read Stephen King for that.
B000031XCR|5.0|First of all I have not even listened to the whole cd yet, but I know I'm getting it for Christmas (I just had to peak).  However, I have listened to sound clips on the internet....and the cd sounds beautiful!  Her special on  CBS was soooo moving and the Frank Sinatra song is just wonderful.  I don't  know why some of you people are dissing her and her music because she is a  super person and has a remarkable voice.  I admit it could have had some  earlier hits that weren't overplayed on the radio like most of her new  ones, but the songs are still good.  She could have had &quot;Where Does  The Heart Beat Now&quot; instead of &quot;To Love You More&quot; which  didn't even make the top ten.  I can't wait to listen to the whole cd!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I must say this CD has impressed me more than any other Fiona Apple Cd I have ever heard. I think in her new CD she put alot more of herself into it. I apriciate how many more instruments she used (drums, strings, piano).
6300216039|5.0|This Romeo and Juliet is my favorite out of all the movies made from the play.  Its age makes the time period seem more realistic and believable.  The actors are great and really brings Shakespeare's play to life.
0451167716|5.0|Somehow, I find myself reading this book time and again--it's like an old friend. And as one reads it, one is amazed at Puzo's ability to create characters that are so real in such an atypical setting as a crime family.  There is not a single character without his or her own reality--from Mama  Corleone who silently watches her husband meet his destiny and still goes  every morning to church so that he doesn't go &quot;down there&quot;, to  Michael, who slowly gets drawn into the family business, and a life very  different from the one he had originally planned as a math professor, to  Nino Valenti, who'd rather die an alchoholic than be a Hollywood star.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Another hit for the kings of metal and I would love to see them doing this CD live in person. They did leave off some classic Metallica cuts but if they did all of them we would be looking at another box set! Lets hope they  do another CD like this a few years down the road. Maybe Walt (review from  above) the longtime fan (2 years) can ask mom and dad to buy some more  Metallica albums to listen and judge for us.
B0000028VT|5.0|MARIAH CAREY IS A COOL DUDE. SHE HAS A GOOD SINGING VOICE. SO. AM A SCREAMING FAN. I ALREADY HAVE 2 OF CDS. AM 19. I LOVE HER SAPRANO VOICE. DID SHE BUY A CLASS RING? MARIAH CAREY IS MY MAI DEN. YES. YOU MAY READ MY  SONG FOLDER.
0920668372|5.0|This is a fantastic picture book that is a metaphor for the overwhelming love one feels for their child (no matter what age). For all of those readers who can only read in co-dependent, Oedipal, or Freudian themes into  this book, you have missed the entire point and have hearts of stone! The  fact is that the author Robert Munsch wrote this book as a tribute to his  TWO still-born children and that makes this story even more moving  especially if you've lost a child or had a miscarriage. The story is an  expression of imagining his kids and what they would have been like and how  much he would have loved them their whole lives. I found this to be a very  emotional and touching story (and I am not a sentimental woman at all). My  3-year-old, rough and tumble, only-loves-the-outside-and-trucks kind of boy  really likes this story and has been requesting it for bedtime almost every  night. He especially enjoys the verse that is the theme of the book,  &quot;I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as you're  living, my baby you'll be.&quot; My son wants to hear us say that to him.  And again to all those who wrote and thought that this book was  &quot;sick&quot;; face it, you might not have liked how this book was  portrayed, but you'll love your kids forever, no matter how old they'll  get, and in spite of what they will do throughout the phases of their lives  that might frustrate you.  In fact, my husband likes this story so much  that he plans to get it for his mother for Mother's Day. This is a  must-have children's book!
0385484518|5.0|This book really touched me like no other book ever did before. I'm only in 6th grade, but still understand the meaning of this book. You really feel for every single one of the characters in this book and it is one of  those books you can never put down. I highly recomend this book for people  that are going through death in their lives. Even people that aren't should  read this book because it is so inspiring and moving that I bet it will  touch anyone somehow. This book is not just inspiring and moving but it's  very well written and amazingly crafted. I hope you enjoy reading this  book.
0060977493|4.0|My book club chose this book as selection of the book and the reviews were generally favorable. Most of the members, including myself, were drawn to the tragic richness of the character devlopment and the wonderul use of  language. Although the abscence of a traditional plot line did throw me at  first, the brilliant energy and stamina involved in the writing more than  compensated. Sort reminded me of Faulkner teaming up with Dr. Seus.
B000002KXV|5.0|This is one of three cd's I take to quality stereo shops to determine which speakers I should buy.  I am the electronics buyer for my family and whenever a member of my family is considering new speakers, a new boombox  or even a Sony Discman, this is still the disc to take.  The track New  Frontier has some of the best sample music to test range of sound.  Audio  consultants at these stereo shops always seem to enjoy listening to it too!
B000031XCR|5.0|This is one of the best CDs i've ever heard.  The song with Frank Sinatra really makes you feel happy that there are do magnificent artists like Celine Dion. Way to go Celine...<br />Long Live Queen Celine A dedicated  fan<br />Merry Christmas everyone
6305603847|5.0|This is a must have for all music fans, especially for a fan of the legendary band of Pink Floyd.  The sound quality of this DVD is amazing.  I found myself hearing things I've never heard before on VHS.  DVD is the way  to go for this timeless story and biography of the band Pink Floyd.
0679436391|5.0|The Christmas Carols help me learn the real meaning. IT mean the have the best thing does not ma ke you a better person.Llke Mr. Scooge in this book  he had all th money in the town ,and did not give any to the poor.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Everybody goes on about the offspring being sellouts. When you think about it, who cares? Its the same band and although the music may be different, it doesn't mean its bad. There is a bit of stuff on this like their earlier  stuff, theres a lot that doesn't sound like anything else. Maybe they are  sellouts. Who cares? its a good cd. By the way, ixnay on the hombre and  smash are awesome cds. Ignintion and the self titles are ok
0684833395|5.0|It is sad,but perhaps fitting,that Joseph Heller should pass away just as the 20th century comes to an end,because his book &quot;catch 22&quot;is quite possibly thee book of this century.Unforgettable characters like  Yossarian and Milo Minderbinder make this a must read for everyone.The book  was misunderstood and underappreciated when first published in 1961,like  all things ahead of there time,but is now recognized as a true classic and  work of art.And remember,&quot;That's some catch,that Catch-22.&quot;
6305603847|5.0|If you a Floyd fan, or a DVD buff...you gotta get this one.....The Wall as the best interactive menus i have seen on a DVD so far.  The commentary by Roger Waters and Gerald Scarfe is insightful, and often very amusing.  I  wont go into great detail about all the other goodies this DVD has to  offer....i could rave on forever....JUST BUY IT!
B000003NA4|5.0|If one is at a quandary of what music to play when in the mood for love,this album tops my list. Diana Krall's voice is beautiful,emotional,passionate and is full of romance. A definite  &quot;must have&quot; album when you are with someone extremely special,it  sets the mood on fire.
1570422052|5.0|This book I rescued from a trash can and boy I am glad I did.  Such a wonderful magical that has left me with a unshakable love now for all things Arthurian.
B000002MY3|5.0|Jagged is one of the best albums of the century!  Every song is wicked!  Make sure you don't turn it off after Wake Up, though, cos there are two hidden tracks: You Oughta Know #2 and Your House!
0385484518|5.0|it is one of the greatest books that i have ever read(outside of the Star Wars books and the comic book The Black Pearl). i also loved the made for tv movie, starring Hank Azaria, and Jack Lemmon. Lemmon was just right for  the part. the movie is what really made want to read the book. Morrie is an  old sociology professor, who is stricken with Lou Gerhig's Disease. he is  visited every tuesday by a former student, up until the day that Morrie  dies. beware, though, this book may be considered a tearjerker!
B000003NA4|5.0|If one is at a quandary of what music to play when in the mood for love,this album tops my list. Diana Krall's voice is beautiful,emotional,passionate and is full of romance. A definite  &quot;must have&quot; album when you are with someone extremely special,it  sets the mood on fire.
B000002IZM|4.0|Wonderfully surreal CD that makes you unsure of whether you are awake or not.  Like when you sleep and are not sure what you have dreamt and what hasn't happened.  Rachel's song screams sorrow and Tears in the Rain  beautifully resonates the sadness in Hauer's voice.  Contrast this with the  apocalyptic Damask Rose and you have an album encapsulating the sense of  the dream/nightmare world these people are inhabiting.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Although some people have said this album isn't as good as &quot;Jagged&quot;, I totally disagree. I think it is heaps better. With 18 tracks, it is great. When I first heard it, I only liked a few songs. Now I  love them all. So, if you find it horrible the first time you hear it, just  listen to it a few more times and you will love it!
6303972810|5.0|Willow is to movies as The Lord of the Rings is to books...in other words, the best bar none.  Willow rules!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have always liked Santana...but this album has topped everything for the variety....A little bit of this and a little bit of that is what it is all about .....The New Year brings a bit of all music to us and i congradulate  Santana on there Best of All...Happy New Year And Peace ....Later, Anna
B000002P5R|5.0|The guitar playing is phenomenal and you really get a sense of the new direction Hendrix was leaning towards.  Is it spotty? Yup...but be honest, would you call Electric Ladyland or Axis spotty because of Noel Redding's  songs?   Are you going to like ALL the songs?  Who knows...but this is  Hendrix and is MIND BLOWING.  When folks pass, you always wish you could  just have one more conversation, one more song or CD.  While not as good as  having the brother among us, it still serves its purpose of giving us a  little more time with his genius...that folks, is why this CD is a must  buy...
B00002MZ12|5.0|I love this album! I really liked These Are The Thoughts and I sooooo hope it will be on her next album. She sounds great live, and I Was Hoping is a HUGE highlight.
B000031XCR|4.0|This album is a compilation of Ms. Dion's biggest hits, along with a few new songs thrown in, which actually make the enitre album have a &quot;new&quot; feel. The first time I heard &quot;That's The Way It  Is&quot;, I hated it. I thought it was lame and pointless. But I realized  that my backlash was only because I hadn't heard anything upbeat from  Celine in so long (I was still drowning in my post &quot;My Heart Will Go  On&quot; depression), and wasn't sure what to think. Now I know, it's a  good song, with powerful vocals, which can be expected from Celine, and I  personally welcome it with open arms. My personal favorite on the album has  to be &quot;The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face.&quot; All I can say is:  WOW! What an emotional and beautiful song! I watched the &quot;Celine Dion  Spical&quot; a week or two ago and was practically moved to tears when she  sung this song, it blew me away. Another highlight is &quot;All The  Way&quot;, a wondeful duet with the legendary Frank Sinatra. I think it was  a great choice to put on the album. &quot;If Walls Could Talk&quot; and  &quot;Then You Look At Me&quot; are also both very good songs. Of course  all of the older songs are wonderful. The only thing this CD is missing is  Dion's duet with Andrea Bocelli, &quot;The Prayer&quot;, which can be found  on her Christmas CD, but I think it would have been a good idea put it on  this CD, because it's basically a greatest hits album, and &quot;The  Prayer&quot; is one of her greatest songs ever. Besides that, this is a  wonderful album, worth the $16 I payed for it, and I'm glad I have it to  add to my collection.
1558807381|4.0|This movie seems to be purely eccentric.  It is composed lushly, with intense pulpy visuals, and fairy-tale dialogue and plot.  <br />The characters are strangely surreal throughout, alternating between seeming wholly  believable, and being so awkward as to be ridiculous or comic-bookish.  Tom  Cruise's character Jack, and Mia Sara's Lilly are relatively flat  archetypes, but many of the sub-characters have a surprizing richness.  The  real gem is Darkness, played by Tim Curry (Clue, Rocky Horror).  The  costuming and editting adds amazing effectiveness to an already powerful  performance.  Curry's Darkness is without a doubt the most textured and  dramatic aspect of  the movie, and the movie seems to center around him  (intentionally or not).  <br />Legend's plot moves strangely in places,  regularly employing pulpy dream-like scenes to convey highly stylized  emotional and aesthetic moods.  The movie is composed generally as if a  dream, but not exclusively.  Several scenes excluded in the US release  highlight the deep strangeness of the movie, such as a campfire song sung  by the elfish Gump to Jack which seems drug-induced. The music amplifies  these qualities and is of high quality. The song played during the credits  (Is Your Love Strong Enough?) is wonderfully brooding, though the rock  chorus is a bit dated.  The sets are incredibly diverse throughout,  including at one point a giant chess-board (so large that it is difficult  to see that this is in fact what it is).<br />The story itself celebrates a  classic dualism portrayed with a unique stylishness and symbolism. Curry's  Darkness is basically a Satan figure, though he is inspired much more by  Dante's Inferno than is traditional.  He also literally represents his  namesake, and his power manifests in the world as a frozen sleep.  The  conflict of the movie is literally one of light and day.  The question  posed during the climax is sublime: what is light without dark?  The story  more generally celebrates the fall from innocence, but also of the need for  balance and maturity.  Overall, a stirringly artistic and powerful  presentation.
B00000K2SE|5.0|This would definately be the best movie I've watched in years. This special effects were great and the acting was first rate. The martial arts effects were also fantastic. A good way to escape the reality for awhile.  One of the few movies that could rate a follow up feature. Watched it 3  times already!
B00000JWV4|5.0|This is the kind of film that you can point to as an example of good movie-making in that it is relatively simple by production standards of the day, has a good cast, and tells a great story.  In my entire life, this is  the only movie that ever made me cry, and yes, I will admit that freely.   <br />While the movie uses baseball as it's main hook to get you in, the theme  is actually on a more human level.  Anyone who thinks this movie is sappy  or contrived must have issues that need to be worked out.<br />I first saw it  because I was a fan of the original book and I am also a big baseball fan,  but I realized that the movie's tone was so different from the book (not  better, just different)and what the movie is really about is fathers and  sons.  That's what gets me, each and every time.  I usually end up calling  my dad after every viewing, just because this movie makes me realize how  lucky I was and still am.
6305132984|5.0|The music of West Side Story was the very first music I can ever remember loving as a child.  It filled my small town boy head with dreams of the big city and indeed the big world around me.  <br />The music truly reaches right  into the heart and as I have always felt outside the norm, the song A Place  For Us will always be among my very favorites.
0385493800|3.0|I agree with the other reviewer who said this book ends badly.  It seemed as though the book was finished for a deadline.  The build up was great, and I was turning pages very quickly, but the ending was a bit abrupt.
6300216268|5.0|Possibly my favourite film of all time - I love the quirky humour and the simple, life-affirming theme. I recently saw it again after about 8 years, and it was even better than I'd remembered. I love it when Maude tells the  policeman she doesn't believe in driving licences, and when she points out  to Harold how every flower is different. Harold's blind dates are hilarious  too - especially the filing clerk. It's very 70s, but in the best possible  way. And the music is great.
B000009QPE|1.0|THIS ALBUM GOES BEYOND MONOTONOUS AND BORING!   AFTER LISTENING TO THEIR SEASONS IN THE ABYSS AND SOUTH OF HEAVEN RECORDS WHICH WAS MY FIRST EXPOSURES TO THE BAND, I WAS INTERESTED IN CHECKING OUT MORE OF THEIR STUFF  EVEN THOUGH I DIDN'T LIKE ALL OF THE SONGS ON THOSE ALBUMS, BUT &quot;REIGN  IN BLOOD&quot; WAS AWWWWWFUL AND I COULDN'T THINK OF GIVING IT A SECOND  CHANCE IN MY STEREO!  :(  THERE IS AB-SOL-UTELY NO VARIETY ON ANY OF THESE  SONGS - THE SOLOS SUCK TOO - I AM GLAD THIS WASN'T THE FIRST ALBUM OF  THEIRS I HEARD!   THIS ALBUM GIVES THRASH METAL A BAD NAME.  IF YOU WANT  TO LISTEN TO SOME GREAT THRASH METAL CHECKOUT SOME OF THE STUFF BY BANDS  LIKE ANNIHILATOR, OVERKILL, VICIOUS RUMORS, HELLOWEEN, TESTAMENT,  DELIVERANCE, ANTHRAX, ARMORED SAINT, SOME OF MEGADETH'S STUFF, OLD FATE'S  WARNING (LIKE &quot;NO EXIT&quot; AND &quot;AWAKEN THE GUARDIAN&quot;) AND  OLD (AND I STRESS OLD) METALLICA (&quot;AND JUSTICE FOR ALL&quot; AND  PRIOR).
079070546X|5.0|This movie is GREAT!  It is a must see every year.  Each time I watch it it only gets better.  Chevy Chase and his strive for the &quot;perfect family Christmas&quot; inspires us all.  Sit back and be prepared to laugh.
6304233639|5.0|ANYONE WHO DOES NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE HAS A TOTAL LACK OF HUMOR AND IMAGINATION.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Evolutive, that's how I must describe Metallica's work since the Black Album. It was back then when this awesome group faced a difficult choice, go down as the best of the 80's or live on as the absolute best of the  90's. Sell-out, alternative, revolutionary, call them what you want I just  call this band and this record as PERFECT. I don't think anybody else in  the universe could have pulled this off as masterfully as Metallica did (of  course, they had the best base material to start with). To hear these songs  coupled with the magnificence and power of a Symphonic Orchestra was like  meeting with old friends that you haven't seen in quite a while, just to  discover that they are the same guys that you loved to hang out wiht, but  at the same time you discover how they have changed for the better. This  will go on the books as one of the best records of the decade, I absolutely  reccomend it to any open minded Metallica fan !
B000002KH3|5.0|If you have an even moderate interest in cool guitar playing and you've never heard this, you better do so with a clean set of underwear near you... in fact, this is probably the guitar album for people who don't dig  guitar music all that much. Great riffs, jaw-dropping solos, hard rock  attitude to burn... it's all here.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica by themselves are awesome, but with the symphony it makes them even better. I can't get enough of this CD set. I have always been a fan of Metallica and the Cd proves why. It is GREAT. I would reccomend this Album  to people who didn't even like Metallica. It is that good!
B00000K19E|5.0|I suggest you go to your local Blockbuster and rent the movie, then buy the DVD...  It is a must for any movie library.<br />This movie reaffirms Laurence Fishburne's pedigree as an actor, lends Keanu Reeves  respectability, and launches a bright new star in Carrie Anne Moss.<br />Don't  be the last one to watch the best cinematic genius to come out of Hollywood  in a long time.
0553108034|5.0|Having made a stunningly successful debut into Fantasy with \\"A Game of Thrones\\", Martin continues with the second volume of the Song of Ice &amp; Fire saga, \\"A Clash of Kings\\". To his credit, Martin manages to keep up the  quality of the first volume, despite the number of characters and sub-plots  growing seemingly uncontrollably. In what is perhaps an effort to reduce  the complications,  Martin resorts to killing off some of the main  characters, so that by the end of the second volume, the cast is back to  manageable proportions.  In a sense, it is difficult to review this book as  it is clearly meant as a bridging novel to the upcoming book 3. Without  revealing the story, let me say that the main focus of the volume is to  resolve some of the burgeoning sub-plots and lesser characters. In the  process, Martin does leave one wondering about the cut threads now dangling  in mid-air. Presumably subsequent volumes will connect them up but for the  moment the suspense is awkward. What happens to Melisandre back on  Dragonstone? Does R'hllor play any further part? Where and how does Jaqen  H'gar disappear and will he re-appear? What exactly happens to Jaime  Lannister in the end? What was the point, if any, of Daenerys' Dothraki  Diaspora? When, if ever, will Arya resume her Stark identity? One is left  wondering and a bit unsettled at the lack of answers. But on the plus side,  having got several sub-plots out of the way (for now?) Martin finally turns  to the main plot. The battle (if not the war) for Kings Landing and the  Iron Throne is settled and  the Night's Watch rides north in force; now Jon  Snow must face an unknown and unlooked for destiny. Excellent character  depictions and scene descriptions remain Martin's strength. As many of us  readers suspected, the Imp, sympathetically portrayed by Martin in the  first volume, returns to center stage in the second book and Martin does  appear to be speaking through him.  Still however, Martin refuses to heed  his readers' pleas for a prologue and most annoying of all for me at least,  is unwilling to take the trouble of mapping the geography of his world.  Westeros is slightly better charted in this volume but the Free Cities, the  Dothraki Sea and the rest of his world remain off the edge of the maps.  Please Mr. Martin, do something about this in book 3. For those who have  already read A Game of Thrones, don't miss A Clash of Kings. For those who  are new to the saga, you will do better to read book 1 first (A Game of  Thrones).
6302914191|5.0|Twin Peaks, mega mega tops.  Probably one of the best series ever.  Downside is that the VHS quality is very very poor.  I have received an e-mail from Artisa (the production people) and they say they WILL be  releasing it on DVD in Summer 2000 (earlier in the States).  If you only   buy one thing next year, make sure it's Twin Peaks.
B00000DGUG|5.0|This is my most favorite cd in the WHOLE WORLD! at first I was SO disapointed and thought it was  extremely boring.But I listened to it a bit more and it grew on me, I must say it is a fab cd! it's worth buying the  best songs are baba,thank u,can't not,unsent,and heart of the house go pick  up this great cd today!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This is an excellent CD.  Fiona Apple is a true artist.  Her lyrics are real, her voice is amazing, and her music is captivating.  I recommend this to anyone who loved her first CD, because they will love this one even  more.
6302420326|5.0|Oliver Stone's &quot;JFK&quot; is an extremely well directed, edited and photographed film. Its editing and cinematography won well-deserved Oscars. It is amazing how Stone manages to include so much information and actually  creating momentum out of them. Despite the fact that it throws all sorts of  rumours and theories about the Kennedy-assasination at us (and this over  three hours long), the film is never confusing or boring. Another asset is  John Williams' very good score. The only weaknesses of &quot;JFK&quot; are  the rather uninspired treatment of Garrison's family life and Garrison's  overly sentimental oration at the end of the movie. But such knitpicking  pales in the face of ambition and achievement on offer.  <br />&quot;JFK&quot;  was attacked for just creating new rumours instead of enlightening the  case, but films must first of all be captivating, not historically  accurate. They are pieces of art which show the vision of an artist. If you  want hard facts, read history books, the appropriate medium for that. As a  piece of innovative cinema, &quot;JFK&quot; is superior.
6302797535|5.0|the first time i saw this movie, i was nine or ten years old, at a birthday party.  i haven't stopped watching it since!  not many people have heard of this film, which is really too bad because it's such a classic  comedy spoof.  it's bizarre, it's witty, and it's absolutely hilarious.   every time you watch it, you catch something new that you didn't notice  before.  it has a fantastic cast - my favorite character is sidney wang,  played by peter sellers - the greatest one-liners from the film are all  his: &quot;conversation like television set on honeymoon.   unnecessary!&quot;  and i love that a gong plays every time he speaks.  i  also love the pure comedic genius of the scenes between the blind butler  and the deaf-mute maid.  i don't want to give away all the jokes so i'll  stop now - i just want to give this movie my highest recommendation, it is  definitely worth buying!
0767817648|4.0|This was one of my favorites as a pre teen.  If you've ever seen the TV show AIRWOLF, you get what this movie is about. They kind of ripped this movie off with that show.  The action scenes are top notch and the story is  pretty amusing.  All around a pretty solid flick.
6304118392|5.0|I'm searching for the naturak born killers video in a french format Thanks for a quick answer
0767810856|4.0|I'm a little unsure why people would see a movie such as this when they don't like Feel Good movies in the first place.  And then pan it because it IS what it is?  Rediculous.  <br />  It's fairly obvious from the blurbs what  this movie is about.  Cage and Fonda give convincing turns as nice people  in a cynical world.  While there are no real surprises in the plot, you  can't help but be drawn into the story and find yourself rooting for the  good guys.  This is a good date movie, and someting to watch when you'd  like to restore your confidence in humanity.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|&quot;When the Pawn&quot; is the type of CD that gets better each time you listen to it.  Fiona Apple has some of the most original lyrics I've heard in a long time-her songwriting is up there with Kurt Cobain and Trent  Reznor.  <br />If you're deciding whether or not to buy this CD, here's some  advice (don't bother listening to the sound bytes, by the way- they aren't  that great at representing what the CD is actually like):<br />If you're a  mainstream pop fan (Backstreet Boys, Lou Bega), don't buy this- it'll  probably be a bit too weird for you.<br />If you're into the edgier  alternative rock and you don't mind keyboard and piano in the background,  then this is a great CD.  There aren't really any guitars or anything, but  there's a sweet drum solo played by Matt Chamberlain of Soundgarden.
B000002GJH|5.0|Temple of the Dog is assuredly one of the top 10 best rock albums ever recorded to my way of thinking.  Chris Cornell's song-writing shines, suggesting a level of thought and sensitivity seen but not fully realized  in the music of Soundgarden.  Temple of the Dog is a treat for any listener  who enjoys the juxtaposition of grinding, high-pitched passionate wails and  deep, somber baritone expression, as well as the combination of driving  rock rythms and contemplative soul-explorations.  Before Chris came out  with Euphoria Morning, I always said that he was clearly the best aspect of  Soundgarden.  I also said that the best Soundgarden album was not by  Soundgarden, but rather by Temple of the Dog.  Chris's solo debut confirmed  these initial suspicions and further explored the promise revealed in  Temple of the Dog, establishing Chris as one of the very best  singer/songwriters in rock today or any time.  I would put this album and  Chris's first solo album in the same category of quality successive albums  as Operation Mindcrime and Empire by Queensryche, or Pull and  thisconversationseemslikeadream by Winger / Kip Winger.  While Queensryche  seems to have somehow lost its inspirational way, I hope that Chris  continues to venture down the path laid by Temple of the Dog and Euphoria  Morning.  If he can continue to approach this level of singing and  songwriting, I believe he is destined to go down as a legend along with  such groundbreaking bands as Led Zeppelin and Fleetwood Mac (a la Rumors).   Chris, please keep the music coming, and don't make us wait too long.
0060925000|3.0|hey everyone! okay so this is my first ever book review...boy am i excited. so i just finished a suitable boy...and ill say i liked some parts...the ones that actually followed the story...but the other parts  about the political situations...they didn't appeal to me. but i came to  comment on the characters. i read everyone elses reviews and a lot of  people sympathized with lata. i for one didn't...i didn't even like her  character all that much. however, i loved malati, her best friend, and i  sympathized with kabir...seemed like a decent goodlooking fellow if a bit  immature. i didn't like haresh one bit...i could not understand why/how  lata married him. but the character iloved the most was...you guess  right..MAAN! he was awesome! so young and fresh and lively and complex and  sweet and mean and lovable,....if you find yoursef in the middle of the  book wondering whether to continue reading it...i suggest you do that just  for Maan.  okay im signing off...bye! janki ps i actually wish lata and  maan got together,,,maybe i wouldve liked/sympatized more with her then.
0790729628|4.0|Unlike the previous review states, you can feel free to watch this film and yes, actually enjoy it, WITHOUT dissecting each element... Great art direction and a world you can immerse yourself in compensate for some minor  flaws in character development and plot... if you want a film lecture, go  back to college, if not, enjoy this fine film on its merits
B000002KY8|5.0|&quot;So tonight we're going to party like it's 1999&quot;, we all know this familiar line and believe me, it will be remembered into the new Y2K. This is an album that will become a memorable treasure from this century.  The entire album provides a funky party-like mood. Party tunes include the  ever famous &quot;1999&quot; &quot;Little Red Corvette&quot; &quot;Lady Cab  Driver&quot; &quot;DMSR&quot; and &quot;Automatic&quot;. If you want to  unwind or get your groove on, listen to the sexually overtoned sounds and  lyrics of &quot;International Lover&quot;. There is also the very  inspirational &quot;Free&quot; that Prince sings with great soul and power.  This album will continue to delight new and old fans. Every song is a real  jewel for the crown worn by none other than Prince himself. I guess we will  continue to party like it's 1999 in the year 2000 and beyond.
0679735909|5.0|Byatt is a former academic, and she dissects academia with laser-like precision in this novel. It's everything in one: a well-plotted mystery, an intriguing love story (times two), an academic satire, a wonderfully done  historical, a clear and striking picture of the lot of women (and  especially women artists and writers) in Victorian England, and an ode to  the poetry of that period.  How this book didn't get onto the lists of the  century's best is beyond me.  Stunning prose, and first class storytelling.
B00002Z88D|5.0|In my opinion, Metallica's new album entitled S&amp;M is one of their best yet.  The Symphony does an excellent job of including their style with the metal that Metallica fans are used to.  Even non-Metallica fans will enjoy  this album for it's rich music.  I highly recommend this ablum to anybody  who enjoy's excellent music.
B000003TA4|4.0|This CD is awsome if you're a Heavy Metal/Grunge liking sort of person.  It has a combonation of awsome guitar cords, and a fairly good lead singer (by heavy metal standards) and an excelent drummer. The song &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; has to be one of the best songs of all time, but  some of the others are kind of lame. This CD is a must-have for hard rock  lovers. If you're not one, then you're probably not going to like it too  much.
B000001EMW|3.0|Apocalyptica is an interesting ablum in that Metallica fans will enjoy the songs, while on the other hand may not agree with the way that they are played.  Athough sometimes it seems as though the artists are straining and  attempting to sound too &quot;hard&quot;, they pull off the album very  cleanly,and I believe that their devotion and musical talent deserves  credit.  You should buy this album if you enjoy classical music, but also  enjoy Metallica.
0790731452|5.0|Having spent an hour or so reading every review of this movie on the site, I have come to the conclusion that most of the people who did not like it, were simply not bright enough to &quot;get it&quot;.  Most of the humor in  this movie is sophisticated satire and irony.  i.e. - you need a brain to  understand what the joke is.  Unfortunately it seems that that leaves about  70% of the population out in the cold sort of speak.  <br />Also, a lot of the  reviewers here trash the acting and imply that the big name actors were  &quot;only in it for the money&quot;, yet are unaware of the fact that most  of those &quot;big stars&quot; clamored to be in this movie at lower pay  scales than they are used to. Then they go on about how 2 dimensional or  &quot;broad&quot; the acting is.  Well, ..Duhhh!  It's a cartoonish  satirical comedy based on a series of bubblegum cards.  It's *meant* to be  that way.  <br />Finaly, a lot of those who hate this movie compare it  unfavorably to (their favorites), ID4 or Armageddon or some such trash as  that. <br />Nuff said.
B000003EUL|5.0|This is one recording of the Brahms' 2nd Piano Concerto which is a an absolute &quot;must have&quot;. It possesses internal unity of structure which is what gives Richter's performance in this case (as well as in case  of just about anything he ever played) its unique emotional and  intellectual qualities. Add to it an incredible sound color, warmth and  virtuosity and you get a definitive recording. Just like a previous  reviewer, I am writing this because of a remark made by your editorial  writer about Richter being an &quot;egomaniac&quot; because he wished to  achieve a perfect interpretation and to that end practiced 10 hours a day.  I'm not sure that pop-psychology lingo belongs in a review of a sound  recording. In truth, Ricter did not, as mentioned before, practice 10 hours  a day. But what if he did?  Since when is it wrong for a musician to  practice a lot? Or to try hitting only the right notes? Or to strive to get  a grasp of a musical composition in its entirety? Is it making a performer  less of an human if his interpretation shows that he actually thought about  a piece and wishes to communicate to a listener what is important to him in  that piece? Richter was indeed a genius and a virtuoso, but by all  accounts, he actually was a decent human being. As an artist, he was a  modest and a self-effacing one rather then an egomaniacal mega-star. As a  music critic, maybe Mr Hurwitz should stick to music and leave  psycho-babble to day-time talk shows.
0684874350|5.0|Angela's Ashes is a charming and touching true story of a young boy growing up poor in Ireland in the 1930's.  This book will make you laugh and cry.  Mr. McCourt is an extremely talented writer as well as a great  storyteller, something you don't see that often.  I highly recommend this  book.
B000002HGD|5.0|This CD is pure timeless genius.  One of the most significant works of art that was released into the collective consciousness during the 1990's.  A s honest an exposition of love, fear and the beauty of life as one can  imagine.  Addictive and haunting.  Buy it now.  Far superior to this year's  overrated, less personal Play.  The Beach Boys' Pet Sounds is referred to  as 'music that makes you feel loved'.  'Everything is Wrong' continues that  legacy.
B000006NPY|1.0|Let me say that I am a huge Pumpkins fan.  However, I found this album to be quite disappointing.  I never seemed to connect with the messages in these new songs.  They are too long and way too mellow for a loyal SP  listener.  The lyrics seem to drone on without making a complelling  statement.  I do think Billy has poured his heart into this album.  He just  missed the mark.  Maybe next time.  So for the bulk of Pumpkins fans, I'd  advise skipping this one.
B000009QPO|5.0|&quot;Hollywood Town Hall&quot; was a badly needed breath of fresh air when it was originally released; a mixture of the early Flying Burrito Brothers (Marc Olson's lead vocals are a dead ringer for the late Gram  Parsons) and Neil Young (lead guitarist Gary Louris' playing is equally  reminiscent of Young's telegraph-like style).  Is &quot;Hollywood Town  Hall&quot; derivative?  Sure, up to a point, but the passion is  unmistakable and given the embryonic state at the time ('93 or so) of what  is now called Americana, there wasn't much else available at the time that  sounded like this.  &quot;Tomorrow the Green Grass&quot; is probably a  better album from a technical standpoint, though &quot;Hollywood Town  Hall&quot; has always been a sentimental favorite, if only because I'll  always associate it with the feelings one gets when they hear a favorite  band the first time.
B00000J8EK|3.0|When I first listened to this album, I wasn't that crazy about it. But after a few listens it really started to grow on me. The first 3 songs are absolutely incredible. Music-Response has these infectious, high-pitched  synth sounds that build and meld into robotic rhythm. It's a great song,  really unusual, spacey and disonant at times. The Chems merge then into  Under the Influence which is great and bassy and estatic. Then the album  culminates with Out of Control-- which is so sexy and danceable. The lyrics  caress and then you hear this New Order guitar riff the builds  orgasmically. Great stuff. Then the rest of the album is downhill from  there. It's a bit more ambient and I find it a little boring. Not  unlistenable, just slow and without the energy or inspiration of the  beginning. Hey, Boy, Hey Girl is ok-- is just sounds like typical techno  club music, nothing special.
B000002IXS|5.0|I may be biased as Mireille is my favorite singer, but the power and emotion does these songs justice.  You cannot miss with this album.
B00000JCOV|1.0|How do &quot;bands&quot; like Slipknot get signed anyway?  No Talent what so ever!  However, I won't say that Slipknot are Korn Klones. With Korn, you can actually hear some emotion in the music, lyrics, and singing. With  the exception of Metallica (old and new), RATM, NIN, Ozzy/Sabbath, &amp;  Type O-, I barely listen to metal. Slipknot make me thankful for that!
B000001Y9I|5.0|This album is probably the best thing Deep Purple has done since reforming in the Eighties. I don't know whether that's because of (then) new guitarist Steve Morse or not--he's terrific here, but so are Lord, Glover,  Paicey and especially Ian Gillan, who hasn't sounded this cheerful and  relaxed in awhile. &quot;Ted the Mechanic&quot; and &quot;Rosa's  Cantina&quot; are typically nuts DP overkill; the real surprise is  &quot;The Aviator,&quot; a folky change of pace that shows off Morse'  mandolin and Gillan's way with words (he's one of the most underrated  songwriters ever, perhaps because he's in a band where the riffs tend to  dominate the songs). Maybe the band finally was able to chill with Ritchie  Blackmore out the door for good, but whatever the reason, PURPENDICULAR is  a great one. Crank it up!
0385424736|5.0|I listened to this as an audio book.  First let me say that the gentleman that reads this adds *so* much to the character of the story - he is able to portray the accents and attitudes of the characters very well.<br />Now,  on to the story - it starts out very slow - Rudy's college days just seem  to drag.  Once he's graduated, though, the pace picks up.  He gets a job  that leads him to possible trouble with the law, a sneaky helper who's  dubbed himself a 'paralawyer', one case with a troubled elderly lady and  another case that could make him millions.  The lawyer Rudy is up against  is terrifically stuffy and self confident, and the ways in which this  fellow's ego is dashed to the ground had me chuckling out loud several  times (thus earning some odd stares ;-).  If you can stand the slow start,  this book is a winner.
6305127638|4.0|I found this move really entertaining.  It kept me interested until the end, and it was mysteriously creepy for a Star Trek film - Picard and crew walking amongst the Borg was nail biting stuff.  However, the ground plot  was boring, but necessary.  Perhaps it was the characters on the ground.   The Borg's costumes aren't as good as they are in ST:Voyager.<br />All in all,  I can recommend this movie to any science fiction fan, and also to anyone  that likes a bit of suspense.
B00000DI2T|3.0|I must say that reviewing these recordings is a frustrating experience for me.  I got to know Mahler through Bernstein's Mahler (both his old and new cycles).  It is through Bernstein that I fell in love with Mahler.   However, I must say that as time passes, the more reservations I have about  Bernstein's Mahler recordings.  He distorts the music too often,  exaggerating the dynamics, adding tempo changes not marked in the score,  sometimes even going against Mahler's own marked balances that practically  amount to re-orchestration.  Mahler was so specific about everything in his  scores -- I wonder what he would've felt if he heard Bernstein conduct  them?  Time and time again when I listen to these recordings with a score I  often ask myself why Bernstein had to do this or that when Mahler's way  would be perfectly fine?  Don't get me wrong -- I think Bernstein's  intensity is absolutely stunning.  It suits the Third and Sixth symphonies  the best, not to mention his gorgeous recording of the Kintertotenlieder  and Ruckertlieder with Thomas Hampson.  Elsewhere I'm less certain.  Why  interpret the first movement of the Second as a funeral march when it is  marked Allegro maestoso?  Why the many unmarked tempo changes in the  Fifth's finale?  There are lots of exaggerated tempi -- too slow throughout  the entire First and Second, as well as such places as the scherzo of the  Fifth, absolutely incoherent tempi shifts in the finale of the Ninth, and  so forth.  Bernstein's approach helps the Third and Sixth a lot, but  elsewhere I am less certain.  What we need today is a Mahler conductor who  will observe every detail of the score yet interpret them with as much  passion and fire as Bernstein did.  No one at the moment, fits the bill  IMHO -- though Kubelik's underrated DG cycle is quite an achievement,  pointing the way to how it could be done (and at a very good price too),  and Rattle at his best could combines the best of accuracy and passion  (though he's rather inconsistent).  Too often Mahler becomes sentimental  under Bernstein, while true, unforced yet sincere sentiment (yes, there IS  a difference) is forgotten.
6305252521|5.0|The Truman Show is an excellently executed movie, that forces one to think about the content, and leaves much up to the imagination.  A welcome surprise compared to some of the rubbish that has been coming out of  Hollywood recently.
0792833686|5.0|I can't help smiling like a fool every time I watch this movie. The writing is sharp enough to carry the movie itself and the musical numbers are outstanding. I must confess, I usually fast forward through musical  numbers after I've seen them once or twice, but would never consider it in  this movie. Gene Kelly lights up the screen and Donald O'Conor is  absolutely hilarious. Debbie Reynolds is fresh and perky as ever and there  is not a dull moment throughout. See it in revival if you can, it's  absolutely stupendous on the big screen.
0684830515|3.0|This book works less along the lines of the inner self, but more along the lines of mob psychology.  The main character, Jake Barnes, and a group of his friends spend their holiday in Spain.  Their time there is filled with  bull fights, nights of drunken revelry, suppressed love, despair, and the   overwhelming tone of reality:  That life is really no laughing matter.   This book is a sort of lesson on what happens if a person lives life in  gluttony, taking the easy way out.  There is more to life than the party,  and Hemingway beautifully reders this in the novel.       On the other  hand, one can look at this story as being a &quot;book about nothing&quot;.   As one reads this book, the reader never really knows what the main idea  is about.  The story is essentially about a group of tourists having a good  time in Spain.  There is no real conflict except for the odd momentary  drunken brawl.  The message Hemingway wishes to present is at the end of  the story, hanging precariously.  The reader never really knows what the  book was supposed to be about in the first place.      Nevertheless, this  book is a good read, and well worth buying.  It's development is written in  a style different than most other books, but that is why Ernest Hemingway  is such a unique author.  And, that is really what saves this book for the  3-star review.
B000002GVO|2.0|I like &quot;Pretty Maids All In A Row,&quot; &quot;Try And Love Again,&quot; and &quot;Wasted Time.&quot; The rest you can have.<br />Sorry..it's not in the league of Sgt. Pepper.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I`ts the best i`ve heard from Carlos Santana,in a long time.I give it two guitars up!
B000002UAR|5.0|For those who like to rag on the Beatles for not being a live act during their days, remember that from 1960-1966 they were on the road constantly. The reason that they quit was because they couldn't hear themselves. As  McCartney said, the performance was the recording.<br />This is a great, great  work of art. I love Harrisons' guitar on &quot;And Your Bird Can  Sing,&quot; the horns on &quot;Got To Get You Into My Life,&quot; and  Lennon's nasal vocal on &quot;Dr. Robert.&quot; There's nothing like having  a nice glass of wine and putting this one on....
6305165912|5.0|I have to admit that the first time I saw this movie, I hated it.  Like a lot of people, I thought it was silly and outright weird.  However, I must say that a second viewing changed my opinion entirely and this is one of my  all time favorites now.  The dialogue is absolutely hilarious, and the  whole absurdity of the plot makes the conversations even funnier.  All of  the characters are extremely funny in their own little ways.  John Goodman  is excellent as Walter, and Julianne Moore plays Maude better than anyone  else could.  Yes, the F-bomb is dropped a lot during the film, but what  other movie features German Nihilists with nine-toed women toting around  wild marmots?  I could go on about this film for hours, but the bottom line  is, give it a chance, and even a second chance or you will be missing out  on a great one.  But hey, that's just like, my opinion man.
B000002KGT|4.0|I like Rumours, always have. It's not in the league of Pepper, The White Album, or Abbey Road. <br />People need to forget instrumental virtuosity when it comes to writing and recording rock and pop songs. The Beatles  strengths, as well as Fleetwood Mac's, were in arrangements, vocals, and  writing melodies. The finest songwriters aren't necessarily the best  instrumentalists. Fleetwood Mac is an example. No standout musicians, just  great songs. Same with the Beatles.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesday's with Morrie is a quick and enlightening read that allows the reader a real chance to scrap off the many unimportant layers of the world that we waste our time in.   Although this is a book that deals with the  death of a great mentor this it is most importantly a life affirming story.   For anyone who has had that tugging feeling that there is more to life  than a sixty hour work week - this book is for you.  Read it to remember  that cultivating the mind and spirit is as important as anything you will  ever do.  Morrie Schwartz was first and last a teacher. There is no higher  honor.
B00000HYXB|5.0|What can one say about night fall in middle earth,beside that it's just the best album I've ever heard.It has wounderful gutair rifts and the orchesta is to die for.This album is not a really hard one, so if your into  death,or black metal this may not be for you,But if you want a cd that you  will listen to for the rest of your life I say BYE IT  ALREADY!
0385484518|5.0|Tuesday's with Morrie is a quick and enlightening read that allows the reader a real chance to scrap off the many unimportant layers of the world that we waste our time in.   Although this is a book that deals with the  death of a great mentor this it is most importantly a life affirming story.   For anyone who has had that tugging feeling that there is more to life  than a sixty hour work week - this book is for you.  Read it to remember  that cultivating the mind and spirit is as important as anything you will  ever do.  Morrie Schwartz was first and last a teacher. There is no higher  honor.
630349255X|5.0|As others have said, this masterpiece should be in DVD format.  Who can we write to get this to happen?  If there could only be one movie in DVD,  this would be it.
0440217563|5.0|I read all of the books in this series about 3 times. The historic accuracy, the attention to detail, the supernatural, and the great sex were a potent combination. I loved the characters, which were highly developed. The story made me laugh and cry. Very enjoyable and memorable story.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I came in for &quot;A mistake&quot;, &quot;Limp&quot;, and &quot;Fast as you can&quot;...I stayed for &quot;Love Ridden&quot;, &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, &quot;Get Gone&quot;, and...my current favorite...&quot;I  know&quot;.<br />There isn't any super-great songs like &quot;Never is a  promise&quot;.  But every song is very catchy, and easy to get into...with  the possible exception of &quot;I know&quot;.  You'll have to listen to  that a while..but your ear will thank you for it!<br />Now, stop reading this  gosh-dang reviews, and buy this Album!
6304143184|5.0|E.T. is a wonderful and dramatic movie. The story of a young alien accidentally abandoned by his people when on a visit to Earth, and quickly befriends a young boy. They bond together soon, as will you and the movie.  Henry Thomas portrays the young boy, Elliott, beautifully. Happy, funny,  tearful, and above all, unforgettable. An immediate classic, and should be  owned by all who enjoy a good movie.
0060977493|5.0|I agree with both the negative and positive reviews of this book - they mirrored my own frustration and then elation when I was reading this novel. At first read the style of the language is really jarring and it's as if  Roy just wanted to show off her 'creativity' in using the English language  but it only resulted in annoying and irritating me. However, as I progress  through the book, at first carried by trying to figure out the plot (and  finishing the book) more than anything else, Roy's language began to work  its magic on me, and I finally came to appreciate how truly beautiful and  eloquent her use of the English language is. If you put aside for a moment  you prejudice against seemingly unnecessary caps and stilted short phrases,  and just let the language speaks its truth directly to you, then you'll  appreciate Roy's immense achievement in boiling down the English language  into its raw essence. Certain imageries began to stick in my mind because  of their potent power: like how Estha was holding an 'invisible orange'  after the sickening episode with the Lemondrink man, and the phrase  'schoolteachershaped hole in the Universe' is rather apt. The story is also  tremendously moving, and the ebbs and flows of tension tug unrelentlessly  at the heartstrings. In all, for those of you who unwisely threw your book  into the trash can, I would advise you to fish it back and give it a second  try, this time just let its magic work on you, you'll be amply rewarded.
B000007SPT|4.0|I, too, bought this about seven years ago when I was 18.  It first was chillingly beautiful, but it literally gave me nightmares of death.  Did it you? The whole album is that powerful.  This album is better than Filligree  and Shadow and Blood because each song is so emotive, almost nostalgic for  love and meaning--the female vocals in particular create this effect.  Song  of the Siren is the best. Pining away to matter to someone, I think.
B000020617|5.0|This is one of the most well written albums ever created. The people who claim it isn't as good as the previous 'foo fighter' albums must not be listening close enough. It is a flawless return to the simplicities of rock  music. Every track, whether it is a wonderful melody or a highly impressive  drum line, has some great element to it. It is undoubtedly the best album  of the year, and for that matter, the last couple of years. Buy it now.
6303160344|5.0|Well, Three Colors is definitely for everyone. For one thing, the stories are simple and open-ended. If you're looking for stories and conclusions, it is not for you. Don't take me wrong, the trilogy does offer a great deal  in its own way.  Yes, this is a trilogy. In this aspect and in terms of  level of artistic achievement, it is comparable to the Godfather series. A  video collector's must choice. Like Godfather, the three movies in the  trilogy share a same theme: betrayal and redemption. Different from  Godfather, though, the same theme is played out differently in each movie.  The director did use fleeting scenes of main characters in one movie  showing up in the other two to bind the three, which gives us such pleasure  out of &quot;fond&quot; memories...  OK, forget about the betrayals for now  and let's look at the different ways the characters get their redemption.  In Blue, Binoche recovers from a deadly accident and her husband's  infidelity by resorting to independence, freedom and creation. This might  be the only for most of us who are bereft of the most dear to us.  Independence, freedom and creation are both difficult and elusive. However,  nobody can take away our right to them. Having nothing means you can lose  nothing. Difficult and elusive, they are hard to comprehend too. That may  explain why our appreciation of Binoche's performance since she conveys  them so well.  Karol Karol gets it even with her beloved wife in Red  through money and change of social status. Interestingly this reflects the  possibilities offered by the shifting social structures in a changing  society like Poland and other emerging countries. The end is always  bittersweet. Finally in Red the redemption of a lost soul comes in the most  mystical way. A heart locked 35 years ago finds a key in a model/college  student. A young man is reliving the old man's life. The end is open: Is  the ray of the hope going to be like the setting sun lingering over the  hills or the light at the other end of the tunnel?  For those who pay  attention to the rhythm of story tell: Blue is like a prose, White is like  a short story and Red is a poem. You are going to like it: repetitions and  variations. Colors, touch and music...All beautiful.
B00000K19E|5.0|When you think you've seen every movie pot clich in existence, and can't believe anything new can be done watch this movie.<br />I felt like a kid in an arcade with two handfuls of quarters. It's brainless fun and a  thought-provoking conceptualization of life in these fast-moving, high-tech  times.<br />The only thing I'm left with thinking is 'I want more!'
0140277447|5.0|Nazi German kills 6 million Jewish people, but no one actally can tell how many Chinese people had been slaughtered by the Japanese during WWWII. &quot;The Rape of Nanking: The Forgotten Holocaust by World War II&quot; by Iris Chang tells us a really incredible truth from December of 1937 though  Jan. of 1938 in the capital of China -- Nanking. Today(December 13th) is  the commemoration day of this cruel slaughter which was 62 years from now,  so I want to write this review. We need more books to be published in  English Version narrating the cruelity of Japanese troops. So more and more  people in the world will know this &quot;Forgotten Holocaust.&quot; This is  not only a historical book but also a instrument that can teach you about  morality.
8477201447|4.0|it is a story of someone who is having a dream. a dream which is so strong that he cannot be happy in his &quot;normal&quot; life anymore. even he finds enough satisfaction in it. so he takes the consequence...leaving back  everything, going into adventure, risks and problems- it s an excellent  metapher for the searching of the sense of life.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna Rules! Great album nuff said. And yes Madonna finally fixes her gap in her teeth good going woman.
031286504X|5.0|This book is very scary. This book makes you think. Just think if were the last of your kind but your not alone you with a race of blood sucking vampires that want to eat you. That will give you something to talk about.  I don't know about you, but I would be hinding so they couldn't  get me. I  would recmoend this book to people 10 and up.
B000002C1X|5.0|Its a great experience, the musical biography of two great musicians Roger Waters and Syd Barret. People just like you and me who built their own wall day by day and in some way or another could brake it down!
0440224764|5.0|what is the book about? All Review
B000000H5J|5.0|this CD kicks a$$, i like all of it, top to bottom.  One of my favourites is Dog Day Sunrise, another fellow said that it sucked, he is really wrong! Admist all the anger, a nice FF style cover  makes the CD more better.  I  like to listen to it at the beginning of the day, it gets me going and is  true story.  The rest of the CD is so awesome, their best work.  Zero  Signal, Replica, Demanafacture and H-K Hunter Killer are really good. The  best thing about this record is the amount of brilliant melodicism that  intertwines with the absolute insanity.
B00000DQT7|5.0|With Rick Danko's passing, 2 of the 3 great Band vocalists are gone. For my money, no other rock group had as many excellent singers. Their first 3 albums are each perfect, but this is the ultimate. One great song after  another. You might say The Beatles did that too and I would agree, but this  was the first album that felt like a good novel to me. Several songs tell  stories--like Dixie, Unfaithful Servant, King Harvest--that stick with you.  Musicianship is outstanding, too--especially Garth Hudson's keyboards. I  know it's just another 5 star review on Amazon, but there's a good reason  for this rating. Just listen. Thanks for the pleasure, Rick.
0060245867|5.0|My daughter (21 months) and son (3 yrs) both love this book.  My daughter knows as soon as we get near the end of the book, and on the appropriate page says &quot;SOOOOOO&quot;.  My son and I try to remember the story  while we are in the car...and he is always the one who remembers the  sequence..&quot;no mommy, he wants a napkin next...&quot;  A must read for  all young children.  Start them early on this one!
0451163486|5.0|This is the seventh book by Ken Follett that I have read and I think it is among his best. The story is packed with the suspense you would expect from a WWII spy story.  It is easy to feel the adrenaline the Needle had during  his many close calls.   If you like Ken Follett, you will love this book.
B0000214F0|3.0|I had always heard that this was a really good movie so when I saw it coming available on dvd I got it. The film is very well made, with fine performances by the actors, but it nearly blew me away. I got the unrated  version, figuring they cut out graphic violence and excessive nudity in the  r rated. It is full of hardcore graphic sex acts of all types, including  homo sexuality. I do wish that I had gotten the r rated version, then maybe  I wouldn't be to embarrassed to watch it with anyone else. It will  definitly be put up from the wrong eyes. Wow!
B0000047CX|5.0|At the moment you put on this album, you stop to stress about everything, you cool down and relax.  The best for a dinner with friends or lover.  So romantical, this latin taste is a 40 minutes of hapiness.  With or  without wine, with or without someone else, you'll enjoy it if you love  bossa nova style.  The company (Verve) is an excellent company too.  Good  recording quality.  What is best than original?  Nothing!  A classical.
0553212443|5.0|I think A Christmas Carol is the most detailed book I think I have ever read. It was filled with a lot of literary techniques.  I could just picture the evnts happening in my mind.  I would reccommend this book to  anyone who loves the Christmas season and anyone who believes in miracles.
B00000634L|4.0|To discover, for sure.  Bran Van 3000 is a big group who makes a kind of techno, drum&amp;base, with so beautiful melodies (it is not often that we can hear that with techno) and the beautiful voice of the singer(female),  with all these other voices and sounds and samplings.  This album is good  from beginning to end, and you listen to it in one shot, without see the  time pass...  But you must like the style to appreciate this album.   Did  you know that Bran Van 3000 is a group from Montreal in Quebec?  To resume,  this album will bring atmosphere in your house (or your car) ... an  interesting atmosphere!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This type of scorched-earth blare-fest my seem like good-natured fun, but I think it can be damaging to small children and household pets. Elderly people as well may become disoriented and confused.  The pervasive ringing  and waxy-ooze from my right ear also bespeaks the further dangers to one's  auditory health from listening to these rambunctious rockers.  If anyone  has taken a Geiger Counter reading of this CD, please advise the rest of us  so we can avoid having children with birth defects.... The thing that I  think comes through about RATM is that the Rage  is real.  These guys are  sizzling mad about something or everything and that kind of passion makes  for real rock, rather than the phoney junk that they mostly try to pass off  in today's hermetically-sealed, overwhelmingly mediocre music scene.  RATM  delivers the real goods, like so many rounds out of a .44 magnum.  Also  extremely cool is that RATM's  music is made from guitars, a bass, drums  and a vocalist.  No synthetic electronic gizmos....just hand-made, organic,  rip snortin' rant and  roar.  And, behold the astonishingly  innovative  guitar work which renders new sounds that even Eddie Van Halen would have  respected in his prime and now probably envies. But, unfortunately, there  is a defect:  RATM utters at least some stupid sentiments, mostly the   vacuous  thoughts about Mumia-what's-his-face-convicted-murderer.  Mumia is  apparently the big icon for today's affectatious champagne radical set, the  chic politically correct.  Why RATM would send this type of cliche and  ignorant message when they could be ranting about destruction to the  environment and overpopulation and habitat eradication and child labor  and..... I guess some of the awesome bands from the 60's wasted their  moment in the sun talking about equally embarassing  nonsense, but it sure  is a shame that a major talent like RATM doesn't scream and  their message  for the benefit of the planet in its time of need, rather than pandering to  their handlers' notions of hip rebel causes.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|This album is a must-have for everybody who loves non-conventional, bright, strong and smart singers (females) like Tori Amos and Sarah McLachlan.  Good melodies, good rythms, you'll sing on this album after two  times you listen to it.  Nothing too commercial like Spears, Lopez, Carey,  etc.  I just recommend it.  Like a fresh wave of power in your hears!
6301930827|5.0|In the tense, edge-of-the-seat tradition of Fail Safe, By Dawn's Early Light is a vivid depiction of how the hair-trigger reactions of the superpowers can be manipulated by persons outside ordinary power circles,  and how the technology and pre-ordained response patterns take on an  inexorable life of their own.<br />As a retired military man, I found that  this film grew more frightening as the initial nuclear exchange faded into  the background and both the civilian and military leadership struggled with  the apocalyptic question of how or even whether to turn off the brutal  cycle of escalating retaliation.  The technical accuracy of the film, both  in the equipment and the tactics displayed, heightened the  effectiveness.<br />What makes this movie stand out from other doomsday  thrillers is its ability to show the terrible strain of responsibility and  indecision on people at all levels of the command structure, and the  personal price paid by those who could handle the pressure and those who  could not.  One particularly harrowing and very plausible scenario shows  two Navy fighters in the process of preparing to shoot down an Air Force  bomber that has been judged to have &quot;turned&quot;, both figuratively  and literally.<br />There are many superb dramatic performances in this film.   Foremost among them are Martin Landau as a desperate and badly injured  President, Darren McGavin as the Secretary of the Interior, suddenly thrust  into a position of leadership for which he is unprepared, and James Earl  Jones as an Air Force General commanding the Looking Glass command center  aircraft.<br />Powers Boothe is excellent as a hot-shot pilot who finds  himself slowly beginning to question his black and white view of the nature  of warfare and his place in the overall picture.  Rebecca DeMornay shows  that, when she isn't given the makeup and fancy costumes to rely on, she  has considerable acting talent to fall back on.<br />This is a nerve-wracking,  very credible journey on the tightrope of nuclear devastation, tautly  directed and masterfully paced, from its suspenseful beginning to its  thought-provoking end.  By Dawn's Early Light remains an effective thriller  even after the end of the cold war.  Highly recommended.
B00000583F|5.0|What! you call yourself a stoner,and you DON'T have this.Get it now!Someday,folks will look back on this 1991 release from San Jose,California's own SLEEP,And you know what they're gonna say?They're  gonna say BOY!,we shoulda went to their shows!Also from the riff master  Matt Pike-SLEEP's Jerusalem,And coming soon-HIGH ON FIRE on man's ruin  records.
6300214354|5.0|I think Top Secret is an ideal movie to be showing in the background at a party, because the plot is simple and the jokes are frequent, so a person could watch for only 10 or 20 minutes at a time, have a few good laughs and  enjoy the experience. This movie may not have a complex plot but it serves  its purpose - Getting cheap laughs and offending the germans. I'm not that  big a fan of slapstick, but this movie is a truly great comedy.
0679457313|5.0|This storyline starts slow but unravels all the way to the last chapter and finally leaves the reader captivated.  Roy's descriptive brilliance took my imagination to levels I never knew.  Her clever writing style may  be frustrating at first but all comes together in the end like a  revelation! So, please finish the whole thing before you comment! Even  better, read the first chapter again after youre finished. I recommend this  book to all Indians in the world who are prepared for some harsh reality  and to anyone else who is adventerous enough to understand a different  culture through Roy's ambigous style (and is willing to look up terms and  phrases).  This book is not for leisurly easy reading. It is a look at the  hidden darker elements of Indian society and its ramifications through the  eyes of both children and adults.
B00000J8EK|5.0|I've notthin better to do than read through all these reviews most of which, are either yahoo! oriented or &quot;I feel so betrayed, man...&quot; I like this cd because it transports you, that's what al there albums have  been (for me at least), only squares listen to music for the definition of  the genre and aesthetic of beat mixing, who cares really? its whether it  grabs your heart and lifts it up, its whether that when you're listening to  it your mind becomes clearer, and you relax from the trails and  tribulations of existence, I mean do you think Orpheus played the lute so  he could define the lute playing genre? He played because it was the only  way to release his heart. This CD does that for me. I hope it does for you  as well.
B000001FS3|5.0|A cornerstone in rock history. Every track holds up. The Edge's effects are incredible. Bono's voice is powerful and unique. <br />I hear a lot of people ask how albums such as Sgt. Pepper or Abbey Road could ever be  topped. Well, this is just one of many examples. 5-stars!
B0000203YT|5.0|I loved this movie. Words can not express my love for this masterpiece. I enjoyed it thoroughly and saw it 4 times. It was incredibly intriguing and the acting was terrific (I love Joe Fiennes! ). The costumes were gorgeous,  the script was witty, everything about it was phenomenal!  If you can not  tell by my blunt words and novice writing I am a young lady of humble  years. For an excellent movie that effects children as young as me, it must  really be interesting. After watching this movie I felt compelled to read  all of Shakespeare's plays. So far I have read Midsummer's Night Dream (I  was slightly dissapointted with the movie), Two Gentlemen of Verona (What  light is light...), Romeo and Juliet, the Tempest (I am named after the  lovely Miranda)and many more. So this movie has stimulated a teenager to  increase her intellect.  I recommend this movie. If you liked this movie I  would see Elizabeth.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I cannot get enough of this album. This record is a little better than Tidal because every song is a hit. On Tidal there were a couple of songs that did not really get me. I really like the lyrics  in most of these  songs and,there is more of an  instrumental growth on this album. The only  complaint I have is this-- there are only 10 songs. My favorite songs are  To your love, I know, and Love Ridden. This CD is certainly music for the  soul.
B00000J7S8|5.0|She outdoes herself on this one.  If you close your eyes and turn the volume up, you can see her curled up on the piano bench, drawing every emotion out of each song.  I've Got You Under My Skin is the best recording  I have ever heard of this song.  Magical!  Buy it right now!
B000003S2K|5.0|&quot;Ambient 1: Music For Airports&quot; is a wonderful cd because it is the same thing over and over again.  Nothing is more pleasing than the same thing over and over again.  All airports are the same.  All highways are  the same.  The unexpected is always disturbing.  Repetition is always  pleasing. If one is good, many is even better.  The same notes should be  played over and over again--slowly.  All women are the same woman.  All men  are the same man.  Each image should be reproduced many times.  Each sound  should be repeated many times.  For all these reasons, this is a wonderful  cd.  I have listened to it many times over many years.  I will continue to  listen to it.  I will buy many more copies and listen to each one many more  times.
B00000DFMN|4.0|This album is years ahead of its time.  Even though released in 1984, it is a type of music that some people I think are not ready for.  It works for me, however.  It contains a lot of clever music beats, sound effects,  looping tricks, and synth effects that are just downright catchy!   Excellent.
B00000K3UU|1.0|This is easily one of the worst films ive ever seen. Adam even looks like he hates it. He hardly even smiles. The little boy is annoying. Who on earth convinced Adam to be in a movie like this. A CHICK FLICK!  It tries  to be sentimental and make you care for the characters but I certainly  didn't care. The characters are the most Stereotyped People ever put on  film. (eg. Adams Gay friends, The foreign delivery boy) This could be  forgiven if they were funny, but they simply arn't. I had to watch HAPPY  GILMORE 5 times just to restore my faith in Sandler. If your a REAL Adam  Sandler fan, Steer clear at all costs.
B0000009SY|5.0|Frank Zappa's crazy,zany 'Joe's Garage' is a joyous, tale written with the greatest of imaginations, no doubt also enhanced by Ray White's supurbly crazy guitar skills, and superb, voice, an album, you'll listen to over,and  over again.  5 stars because it's too contagious.
0792156684|2.0|It's so hard to put into words what an utter piece of garbage &quot;Titanic&quot; is, because it so shamelessly offends so many of one's senses simultaneously.  Wow, what a stinker.  <br />What honestly frightens me  is the overwhelming success and accolades it achieved.  I had the same  sickening feeling when it swept the Academy Awards, as I did when I heard  the first OJ verdict.<br />Sinking the boat was well done and they clearly  spent a bundle on it.  That part was fun to watch, but I've seen better  plot and dialog on daytime soaps.  The entire mess was a nicely conceived  way to get as many people as possible into the theatres, like a politician  that tries to please everybody at the same time.  Unfortunately, the end  result was actually painful to observe.  And what was with that insipid  song!   It was nauseating once, but who is buying this thing?  Celine Dion  released that hunk of poo on multiple albums and every one of them went  mega-gazillion-platinum!  What is going on here? <br />Two stars for overall  production value, for making the huge boat and then sinking it, and just  because I still like Cameron for having made Terminator.
B000001F7R|4.0|The 1st time I heard the main riff to Wasted (from the VH1 Storytellers show) I thought it was one of THE coolest riffs. This album is different  from later albums b/c the band hadn't found their sound yet. But that  doesn't stop it from being a great album. Other songs like Rock Brigade  &amp; It Could Be You are really good too, AND there are a couple of others  as well (Rock Brigade &amp; Wasted are probably the best songs on here).  The album has a great classic (and punk) rock feel to it. It actually  sounds like it came from the early 80s. Joe Elliot's voice is different but  it rocks just the same, and the rest of the band also kicks a**! Another  reviewer commented that this album is very riff-oriented and I would have  to definitely agree there. I love pretty much all of Def Lep's stuff but  being a hard rock fan I would have to say that this one's definitely a  favorite. I think it's a shame that the band doesn't perform any of these  songs live anymore...........
B000002JSP|5.0|Strangely, over time this has come to rival LZ2 as my favorite Zep album. The production on this CD is beautiful, and you can get totally lost inside songs like &quot;In The Evening&quot;, &quot;All Of My Love&quot; and the  incredible &quot;Fool In The Rain&quot;, which deserves 10 stars. The other  tracks here are pretty good,too, but the album is built around these three  center pieces. Turn down the lights and crank this one up to  &quot;11&quot;.
068815333X|5.0|This is one of the best suspense books that I have read in a long time.  I love the characters and felt like I got to know them personally.
0844660736|5.0|The book is wonderful, however the hard cover edition that Amazon.com sent me is hideous. It was very upsetting to see such a great book in such a cover--it looked as if it was a rebound old book in bright red cover with  no title, no author, no illustration.  The quality of paper is very low--it  will probably fall apart in 5 years and the font is so small that you have  to read the book with a magnifying glass.
B00000K19E|4.0|I have never been a fan of Keanu but this one is the best I've seen him do.  Of course Fishburne is a big help.  Couldn't beat the special effects and it actually has a great twist of a plot. Give us more!
B000002KY8|5.0|Prince is an artist who is ahead of his time.  The new millennium will be his stomping ground.<br />Remember &quot;Party Like Its 1999&quot; came out in the eighties.  And we have been partying ever since. Now 1999 is on its way  out.   Who knows what is next for Prince.  <br />Prince will forever be  revered in the Music Industry.  Prince gets my vote for Artist, Musician  and Entertainer of the Millennium.
0679746048|5.0|I LOVED THE BOOK.. IM GLAD I HAD THE CHANCE TO READ IT. IT MADE ME HAPPY TO KNOW THERE ARE MORE PEOPLE OUT THERE LIKE ME. IT ALSO MADE ME THINK ABOUT ALOT OF THINGS IN LIFE LIKE BEING FREE.     BY FIRST HAND EXPERIENCE  IT IS THE WORST THING BEING LOCKED UP. THIS BOOK GAVE ALOT OF INSIGHT ON  THE &quot;REAL WORLD.&quot;
B000002P9J|4.0|Este disco no es aceptado por la mayora de los fans de The Who debido a que es un cambio radical en el tipo de canciones que venan haciendo, las cuales era un rock ms pesado (sobre todo por la presencia de Keith Moon),  sin embargo Pete Townshend ya no pareca tener inters en seguir  componiendo canciones de ese estilo, lo que refleja en este album. en  canciones ms &quot;rock-pop&quot; pero no por eso despreciables, pudiendo  encontrar joyas como &quot;antoher tricky day&quot; y &quot;how can you do  it alone&quot;. sin embargo las mejores canciones de este album son las que  compuso entwistle ( &quot;you&quot; y sobre todo &quot;The Quiet One&quot;,  que reecuerda los aos pesados de la banda)
B000002JSJ|5.0|When I first listened to Presence, I'll have to admit I wasn't too terribly impressed with it, except for Achilles' Last Stand. Even Tea for One seemed too slooooow for my tastes. Now, a year later, I realize it's a  much better CD than I gave them credit for. The band seems more reflective  than before. Page's work is stellar, and Bonzo's drumming complements it.  Plant seems somewhat quieter than normal, but I don't quite know where JPJ  was. Achilles' Last Stand is definitely one of Led Zeppelin's best songs  ever, perhaps even topping &quot;Stairway&quot;. It has the best drumming  out of any of Led Zeppelin's studio albums. For Your Life can get somewhat  annoying due to Plant's peculiar lyrics at the end, but great guitar  playing as always. Royal Orleans could be For Your Life part II, but w/o  the annoying lyrics. Hots on for Nowhere is a good enough song, and Tea for  One is another classic.
B00000J7J4|5.0|One of the most debated albums of the year, and probably one of the only ones that parents and kids both can enjoy. I have loved Santana ever since my dad let me hear his 8-track of Abraxas when I was 4. Do I think he has  gone too commercial on this one? Not at all. I think it's a blessing that I  can go to a party and hear people screaming the words to a Santana song.  Regardless of who wrote it, it's Santana's vibe and playing that pushes the  song to the next level. No disrespect to Mr. Thomas, but do you really  think &quot;Smooth&quot; would have been a hit for Matchbox 20? Not on your  life. The fact remains this is one of Santana's strongest albums in a long  time, and I pray that his re-birth doesn't fade away in the near future.
B000002NHN|1.0|Celtic music in its classic form ...no doubt touches me like a spirit from the past..Loreena's songs fill my heart with a sense of belonging to that past.so long..long ago.. A romantic storyteller...she paints with her words  in a classic style..  like the old masters of long ago..
0767830555|5.0|If you are looking for a cookie cutter, feel good 'boy-meets-girl in the big city' type movie, look up 'On the Town'.  'Taxi Driver' is a dark, intense portrait of a man sliding over the edge in a city bigger and fouler  than it's inhabitants.  Our protagonist is both predisposed and gently  pushed towards the inevitable climax but ironically, is not judged in the  end.  Rather than having a strong story, the movie presents itself in a  'day-in-the-life' format.  Simply brilliant.
B0000214F4|5.0|For all of those movie fans who like a really good movie. It has wit, humor, empathy and above all, does not play the Stars game. The entire cast plays a wonderful ensemble concert, even though it includes names of the caliber of Anthony Hopkins and Brad Pitt. Moreover it has a moving and  highly entertaining storyline, perfectly and smoothly adapted for the  screen. It stands out from the rest for being a product of times long past,  where acting still mattered more than special effects. Martin Brest is a  very skillful professional director who knows his business inside-out. My  only problem with it is the rating, which at PG-13 is ridiculous viewed the  fact that it is a movie about compassion, feelings and sacrifice and could  easily be absorbed by even younger generations. One would wish to see more  movies done like that. A Bravo to all who were involved in it.
B00001ZTFZ|3.0|Although Risk is a great example of fine musicanship and quality, this is a great example of &quot;newer style&quot; metal. There are 4 fairly heavier type songs on this album, the others are somewhat light compaired  to older style Deth. By having this variety it lets you listen to the album  eldlessly without boredom. A great buy indeed. Megadeth takes a risk and  succeeds, congrats Megadeth on the style change, they did it extremely  well.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|ok, fiona used to go to private school in manhattan and one time i went to this party and she was there, only no one cared cos this was before she made that naked video that made everyone like her, this was just when she  was some other chick, right? ANYWAY, so fiona apple- i don't know her name  then, i only realized it was her in retrospect- but fiona apple asked if  i  wanted to chip in for a pizza so i gave her a dollar and i'll be goddammed  if i never saw the pizza or the dollar ever again. so fiona, i want my  goddam dollar! i think it was fiona apple. i was pretty drunk. this album  is pretty good, though. i like the song on mtv where she puts the match out  on her tongue. yeah, that was hip. man, are you being sarcastic? man, i  don't even know anymore
0385493800|4.0|I thought this was an excellent story, as are all of Grisham's tales. It kept me thinking about it when I wasn't able to read it, and very anxious to get back to the story to see where it would go!
0385484518|5.0|This book has clearly broadened my vision of what life has to offer and of the intricacies that we entangle ourselves in when there is so much more out there to love and live for.I was truly touched by the zest Morrie  portrayed and his eagerness to deliver and share his worldy wisdom with  anyone who realized the true value of his words. He remained a true teacher  fulfilling the the oath of his profession, to his very last days.
6305426651|5.0|one of the most moving and compelling movies of all times.  you can see how truly beautiful life is by the end of this movie.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a great book. It is about a boy name Jonas who lives in a perfect world. They have no war or crime. Every person in the community is assigned a role in the community.<br />            When Jonas is assigned his  role he singled out to get special training. He learns the pain and  greatness of the world elsewhere.<br />          I would recommend this book  to anyone.
B000002UAR|1.0|I can't believe that a certain reviewer said that  Rolling Stones fans are &quot;jealous&quot; of the Beatles.<br />I guess fans of the Beatles are about as egotistical as the Beatles were.<br />Excuse me, but if I don't like the  way John and Paul sing then why would I be jealous of them and want Mick to  sound like them esp. when I love the way Mick sings? To be jealous of  something you've got to at least respect it and I honestly do not like the  Beatles. If I hate their music but love the Stones then why would I want  the Stones to sound like the Beatles? True, the Stones aren't as good now  as they were in the sixties and seventies but the Beatles aren't even a  band anymore and they may have lost their touch also if they would have  stayed together. So you can't really use Voodoo Lounge as an example of the  Beatles worth over the Stones, you would have to use their truly great  albums from the late sixties/early seventies. Back in the sixties at the  time that the Beatles were still together I still think that the Stones  were MUCH better and I don't care about what egotistical little thing  Lennon said, after all, this is the guy who thought Yoko was a great  artist. <br />Oh, yeah. About this album. Well, She Said She Said and Eleanor  Rigby are pretty good but the rest are dull.
6303122647|5.0|I went to see this movie when I was already a Danny Elfman and Tim Burton fan, but I soon became a fan of the entire film.  It is a beautifully crafted, well-thought-out tale of Jack Skellington and the people of his  Halloween town who decide to take over Christmas.  The Elfman fan that I  am, I must note that the music is especially haunting (play on words  intended) and beautiful -- my favorite being &quot;Sally's Song&quot;.  Some of the characters (the man with the tear-away face comes to mind) may  be too scary for little kids, but my 4 year old has seen it (what a thrill  it is for me to share this movie with him!) and enjoyed it without being  scared.  It's one of my all-time favorites and will remain in my top-shelf  video collection evermore!
B000002BE9|5.0|&quot;You say love is a hell you cannot bear, and I say gimme mine back and go there-for all I care.&quot; Love those lyrics. Sleep to Dream is an angry, accusing song, you can tell this girls mad! Great eerie music on it,  good to listen to if you have imsomnia, real dizzy and floating sounding  especially the end of it. I also listen to it when I'm mad and upset. Next  is Sullen Girl which is heartbreaking and Fiona captures it beautifully,  she sounds like shes known pain, love the lyrics too, &quot;but its calm  under the waves, in the blue of my oblivian.&quot; Everyone can relate to  that song. Shadowboxer, great song, Fiona sings it wonderfully. Criminal  kind of radio friendly, its probaly got the less soul and heart on the  album but I'm not trying to imply that its Brittiany Spears or anything  like that. I love the way Fiona sings on this track and its one of my  favorites, I could listen to it over and over again. Next is Slow Like  Honey which is the most beautiful song on the album. Its a smokey,drifting  torch song. Slow, dreamy,and sexy. The First Taste-stunning,love the exotic  music. Fiona used some wonderful, freaky exotic instruments on this album.  Never is a Promise is beautiful-it always makes me feel like crying. Odd,  lovely, sweet, sorrowful melody. Very gorgous. The Child is Gone is a good  song, as always Fiona sings it beautifully. &quot;Pale September, I wore  the time like a dress that year, the autumn days swung soft around me, like  cotton on my skin.&quot; Beautiful poetic lyrics, lovely haunting music.  Carrion is just the supreme best sounding song on the album. &quot;Won't do  no good to hold no seance. What's gone is gone and you can't bring it back  around.&quot; A bluesy breezy song with great lyrics and I love that  ending-its great how this album experiments with different sounds. Fiona  Apple is one of the few truly gifted singers today and when Jewel, Alanis  Morrsette, and Sara McLachen become distant embarrassing memories, Fiona  will still be remembered as a truly inventive and talented artist.
B000002H8F|5.0|I, like many other young'uns, was introduced to the Pixies by the name-dropping habits of bands like Nirvana.  After buying Doolittle, and scarfing up the rest of their releases, the rest of my CD collection has  basically been rendered average.  At first listen, Bossanova sounded rather  dull compared to &quot;Debaser,&quot; &quot;Here Comes Your Man,&quot; and  other perfect pop tunes off of Doolittle.  But like any great album, it  slowly but surely grows on you.  Every listen will reveal a new quirk.   &quot;Cecilia Ann&quot; gets things rocking majestically but of course with  a surfer's touch.  &quot;Rock Music&quot; has become my favorite song with  indecipherable lyrics.  Black Francis' scream is truly an instrument as  much as the guitar or bass.  &quot;Velouria&quot; has a guitar riff and  melody that seem odd at first listen but totally make sense and seem like  perfection later.  This entire album is chock full of great melodies and  harmonies.  The fastest song on the album, &quot;Allison,&quot; also seems  to be a love song of sorts, or at least infatuation, featuring the simple  yet effective lyric, &quot;and when the planet hit the sun, I saw the face  of Allison.&quot;  &quot;Ana&quot; is a great acoustic song with an overall  eerie vibe.  Same for &quot;Havalina,&quot; which closes out the album with  a bit of calm after the chaotically fun &quot;Stormy Weather,&quot; which I  like to think of as a sing-a-long for the end of the world.  Then there are  the epic tracks &quot;All Over The World&quot; and &quot;The  Happening,&quot; which are great examples of lengthy songs that can keep a  listener riveted through their entire playlength.  The latter of the songs  also features Black Francis' trademark lyrics dealing with outer space and  its inhabitants.  The album as a whole features wonderfully obscure lyrics  that will leave you scratching your head, smiling, thinking, or possibly  all of the above if you're moderately demented.  I cannot stresshow great  this album is!
B000001E7T|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful, atmospheric albums I've heard in a long time. Harvey has such a passionate voice, I've never heard anyone that sounds like her. To Bring You My is haunting, heartbreaking and rusty, she  brought the true soul of the blues out and this album is voodoo and  lonliness and sorrow and death....its truly one of the best albums out  there and I only wish she would do another one in its vein.
3895084581|5.0|TreasurE Island..the author of this book is Robert Louis STephenson. It has 258 pages to read in this book. The important characters in this stpory are Tim Hawkins, Billy Bones. Dr. Liveseys, Squire, Black Dog, Lonh Johnn  silverm, captain Smollet, Ben Gunn, and Redruth. Thr time and setting at  the begginin of the story id at the Admiral Benbow.   The plot is about  Jim Hawkins who is trying to find the treasure which is hidden in treasure  island. He goes to the Island on the Hispaniola. He goes with Captain  Smollets Crew. When Jim is on the Islandhe meets Ben Gunn.He is the man who  got trapped on the Island and he leads them to the treasure. And from there  the hunt begins.You will have to read for yourself to find out what happens  next.   My favorite line in the book is &quot;Fifteen men on a dead  mans chest, Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum.&quot; It means different things  throughout the whole story. It start one Page number 3. The cover looks  like a pirate with a knife in his hand. I think it mean he is searching for  treasure and he will kill to get it.
B000021XS0|5.0|An excellent blend of musical experiences,talents and real vituosity.Dream Theater is the greatest band on earth.'Imagine a great band near you ,focus on in their music as it flows through your mind..'It's a sad story  containing unexplainable lyricism,will make you feel think once again;why  we're here?I can't find the true words to tell about this album.Go buy  it,excellent work.
0446525537|5.0|You wondered what the difference was between the &quot;Christian&quot; version (from Crossings) and the regular version, available everywhere else.  There were approximately 7 changed words, that's all. Crossings  doesn't allow even slight profanity in their editions (such as the word  &quot;ba___rd&quot;).
B000007RYQ|2.0|The music on this CD is fine except for the terrible vocals which ruin everything.  Otherwise, it would have been a pleasant experience.  Anyone who can ignore this major flaw, has more patience than I do.
0380973464|4.0|Having at first dismissed Cryptonomicon as techie-sci-fi, a genre in which I've never been interested, I was very much surprised when it was highly recommended to me, and even more surprised upon reading and enjoying it to  the extent that I did.  Stephenson's ambition almost pays off -- he manages  to create a thoroughly engrossing and invigorating novel, one of those with  which the reader finds herself appreciating its length (all the more to  relish) until around the last fifty pages, when it (inevitably?) begins to  get a little sloppy and out-of-control.  The most pleasant surprise of all  in Cryptonomicon is Stephenson's sense of humour -- certain passages had me  literally giggling.  The characterisation is, for the most part, well-done,  though I was more than a little disappointed by the book's female  characters, many of which have the depth of a video-game-bimbo (as in, the  typical female video game character, not a female who plays video games).   All in all, however, Cryptonomicon is a terrific book -- I look forward to  the next, and perhaps even now consider myself a proselyte of the genre, at  least as written by Stephenson.
B0000214F0|3.0|I see that a couple of reviews of the dvd people were complaining about the quality of the dvd picture aND SOUND...  WELL.. SINCE i DO qc AT THE COMPANY THAT REMASTERED IT.. i'M SAD TO SAY THAT DIGITAL REMASTERING CAN  ONLY BE AS GOOD AS THE DIGIBETAS THEY COME FROM..  sorry about the caps..   but the film was huge.. they aded the hour long behind the scenes.. this  makes for bad compression.. sorry... blame the folks at image ent. for a  bad tape.. but it looks like it did when it came out... bad...
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater have managed to raise the bar on every one with this release. Their songwriting is superb and dynamic and with the addition of Jordan Rudess, musicianship is at an all time high.(not to discount Kevin  and Dereks contributions)If you have read this far, YOU MUST BUY THIS DISC.  You will not be dissapointed.
0804106304|4.0|The Joy Luck Club was a moving story about four Chinese women and their daughters. The stories that the mothers unravel are heartbreaking, but each one contains strong hopes for their daughters in America. I wouldn't call  this book phenomenal, but I believe it is a good story with a powerful  plot.  Surprisingly, I thought the movie was more moving than the novel and  I highly recommend the film.  Overall, the book is a short, pleasing read.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I know many people here have said it before, and I just want to throw in my vote here for album of the decade.  (I have a few other choices there, but his one just makes it...)  I am not some teeny-bopper who likes what is  popular for the sake of fitting in, I like what is good.    For that  reason, it is quite possible that fans of Radiohead's past albums, The  Bends and Pablo Honey might not like this one.  However, if you go back and  listen to PH after this one, you will see that, well, Radiohead wasn't all  that good back then.  They came onto the scene with an overplayed song  (Creep) that seemed to fit in perfectly with the pop songs of the day  (STP's Plush and Pearl Jam's whole album: Ten.  Sorry kids, grunge was just  pop music with gloomy lyrics...learn to deal with it...)<br />But I  digress...<br />This album was a departure from the previous two albums (don't  get me wrong - The Bends was awesome too!) in that the strength of this  album lies not in its singles, but in the work as a whole.  Now the idea of  a concept album is nothing new, and I hesitate to compare Radiohead to the  ultimate makers of concept albums - Pink Floyd, but that is the best  comparison I can think of right now.  This is not an album for singles to  be released off of, and so that is why many people will be dissappointed,  but you know what, those people who are looking for &quot;good tracks&quot;  that they can replay over and over can go buy the Spice Girls' albums.   <br />This album is a step ahead of them.<br />The rest of you, people who can  appreciate what rock is slowly becoming after pulling out of this miserable  funk (I am not refering to the music style here people, look up the word if  you have forgotten its meaning) called the 90's, buy this album, and enjoy.
0783216084|5.0|WITH IT'S WHIMSICAL CHARM JAWS HAS STILL REMAINED  TIMELESS AS WELL AS STEVEN SPIELBERGS MASTERPIECE ABOUT A GREAT WHITE SHARK TERRORIZING THE ISLAND OF AMITYVILLE GREAT PERFORMANCES AND GOOD SPECIAL EFFECTS!
B000002MUQ|4.0|If you are a Roth fan (like myself) you will not like this album.  If you are a Hagar fan (like myself) you will love this album.  The only weak point to this ablum is the lyrics that Hagar writes in some of the songs.   Can't stop Lovin' You and Amsterdam need to go - they are weak songs with  seriously cheesy lyrics.  <br />However, songs like Aftershock and Feelin' are  VH songs to the core.  These songs are more like jams that focus on the  guitar and drums, and Sammy's voice is thrown in as more of a background  instument than as a set of lyrics you should listen to.  That is what VH  was always about!<br />So if you like Sammy's cheesy lyrics, go buy that piece  of tripe For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge.  (Right Now?  Standin' on Top of  the World?... C'mon, gimme a break!)  If you like pure Eddie at his best,  get VH1 or Fair Warning.  But if you want a good VH CD, this is tied for  the best of the Van Haggar era with 5150.
6304007523|4.0|sylvestor stallone packs a wallop as the indestructable rocky balboa good acting and excellent cinematography!
6305508550|4.0|Even those with the 5-star reviews can admit it: Office Space isn't that funny the first time around. I had seen it in theaters and thought it was alright, and then saw it on video, and liked it even more. The second time  I saw it on video it was even better, by then everyone I was seeing it with  could quote the lines and for some reason the movie was well, better.<br />The  acting isn't extraordinary, the jokes, while good, aren't as funny as some  of the stuff presented in the better comedies, but Office Space is still a  fun time to watch, and it sure has replay value...
B000002KAT|5.0|As a man who loves both music and long road trips, I never  drive anywhere without at least a fistful of CDs on the passenger seat, trying to match the music with the mood or the location. &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; is a  frequent listening choice of mine, whether I'm at work, relaxing at home or  behind the wheel. I consider &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; to be one of those  rare albums created by a pop artist for which the term &quot;art&quot; is  completely and utterly accurate.<br />But back to &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; as  a traveling companion. Allow me to make two recommendations:<br />1) If you  ever have the opportunity to visit the North Rim of the Grand Canyon, bring  &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; with you. Shortly after you enter the park, when  you're within a few miles of the canyon itself, pop in the CD. As you wind  along the tree-lined road, the repetitive, acoustic strum of the title  track ushers the music along, heightening your hope and anticipation,  higher and higher. Pay attention while Van sings &quot;To lay me down/In  silence easy/To be born again/ To be born again.&quot; When, at last, you  catch your first glimpse of this gigantic, yawning, devastatingly  spectacular thing of beauty, your heart will explode.<br />2) You may wish to  avoid driving while listening to &quot;Madame George,&quot; one of the most  sadly beautiful pieces of music ever written. More than once I've had to  pull to the side of the road, eyes clouded over from tears, unable to bear  the pain of the music and the lyric. No need to be a hazard to your fellow  motorist -- pull over and compose yourself.<br />Good luck in finding your own  memorable &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; driving experience.
6305014140|4.0|As far as relatively empty, popcorn action anime is concerned, you always leave the theater (or your living room) rather disappointed. Yes, there's huge robots, or ninjas, or whatnot, but unless you are a (big) fan of the  genre, not every anime movie is really that watchable.<br />Enter Ninja  Scroll.<br />While sidestepping the usual tenets of anime that every film must  have robots or cute schoolgirls, it still deals with something fairly  Japanase: the Ninja. And while I'm sure profound dramas exits about how  difficult it is to lead the life of a ninja and what not, 'Ninja Scroll' is  not one of these movies.<br />Playing out like a video game, 'Ninja Scroll'  establishes its introduction (let's call them 'cut scenes') and within a  few minutes brings you into the storyline, which goes like this: Jubei, our  hero and protagonist, must fight a menagerie of bad guys, all with cool  powers. One has a weapon that splits opponents in half, another houses a  beehive in his back, yet another can transport himself through  shadows.<br />Sounds cool, eh? The animation and pacing live up to their  name... Ninja Scroll has the possibility of ruining all other anime for  you...<br />Granted, it's not as extensive as 'Neon Genesis Evangelion'  (apparently the apex of anime) or 'Perfect Blue' (another good film from  this year), but it is damn good nonetheless and a fine first DVD for anyone  interested in the genre.<br />For kids? There's plenty of gore and blood, and  a heap of oversexual content (including a rape scene)... Wouldn't recommend  it for anyone under 13 or younger.
0002171856|1.0|When I first found out about a book written by a SAS-specialist,Iwas thrilled;this must be the state-of-the-art,The legendary SAS!After reading the chapters of special interest-hunting,firelighting etc.,I came away  baffled:for  instance,the information on building archery equipment is not  only incompetent but downright useless-the false generalisations and  misconceptions are too numerous to mention here.The same applies to the  text on firelighting- I wonder if the SAS-let alone you-could survive on  this !The attempt to squeeze &quot;survival anywhere on the  planet&quot;into a single volume is in vain.I ur ge you NOT to depend on  this book for survival-it  might kill you.I really hoped I could have  written a more positive review...
6305127689|4.0|I own the VHS version and now the DVD.  The flying scenes are among the best I've ever seen in any movie.  If you have a DVD player in your home theatre system with surround-sound, don't miss out on this action packed  movie. The sounds are incredible!  I've watched this movie 30 times and  still haven't grown tired of it!
B0000028RR|5.0|Of the three Rage Against The Machine CDs I own, I consider this by far the best.  Yes, &quot;Evil Empire&quot; is good, but the self-titled release simply can't be outdone for hard-charging music and potent  lyricism.<br />If you like in-your-face music, go right ahead and click that  cute button in the upper right-hand corner of your browser.  Of course, it  also helps if you happen to be disgusted with American sociopolitics.
0440219078|4.0|The book THE GIVER is about a teenage boy who lives a perfect life. He lives this life until he gets his life assignment. This boy becomes puzzled and does not know what to do. THE GIVER is an outstanding book that children who read at advanced levels would enjoy. Read this book!
B000002A6Q|5.0|It was all on the line for Bruce with this release. Columbia was considering dropping him after lackluster sales of his first two efforts, despite critical acclaim. Quite simply, there is not another recording out  there that even comes close to this one. It has to be considered a Top 3  all-time. From Night through Jungleland the story unfolds, with highs and  lows and everything in between. There's Mary, Wendy, Terry, Eddie, the Rat,  the Barefoot Girl, Cherry, and more. Anyone even remotely interested in  rock must own this album. Every Bruce fan finds themselves in it somewhere.  It is a remarkble achievement by probably the only artist who could achieve  so much!
0312853238|5.0|I thought this book had a great overall message, and it was very real to how things are now on Earth that so many people don't see. It also gets into the story quicker than most books I read. It's a book I would read  again.
0440219078|4.0|I liked this book because it was unlike any other book I have ever read! The story is about a boy that grows up and helps his community. Some of the reasons I liked this book are that the setting is in the future and some of  the ways of life that they had were prety funny to me. I recommend this  book for ages 10 through adulthood.
6304140428|5.0|This movie is my all time favorite. If it was in Color it would not be the same. Some scary resemblance to Richard and Liz's real life relationship. The most intense dialog, most gut wrenching insults that dig to the deepest  part of humanity. &quot;do not talk about the little bugger Martha&quot;.  My favorite scene is after they return from a bar. The car is parked  haphazardly by the house with the left tail light left on to blink. Mike  Nichols is a master.
B0000203YT|5.0|This is a must-see for any fan of Judi Dench. She is one of the finest actresses I have ever had the pleasure of watching. It is a true testament to an actor when one can win an Academy Award and appear in less than 20  minutes of a film!
B00001ZULV|3.0|Not a bad effort, and if you're a hardcore Genesis fan, the &quot;reunion&quot; recording of Carpet Crawlers is great -- better than the original!  Now I wish all Genesis fans could persuade this band to  develop a truly incredible reunion album with some original songs.<br />Other  than that, there's too many Invisible Touch songs here.  Why not include  Man on the Corner and some other early 80s tunes?
6300183211|5.0|There is nothing more to really say about this film; Pacino is the greatest actor of the 20th century without a doubt.  Unlike the second rate Robert Deniro, Pacino does not become slowly typecasted as he ages, he  becomes more diversified.  This work is reflective of his purposely aimed  goal of selecting roles that stretch his talent to the farthest perimeters.   Not knowing Pacino's film history when I first viewed this film, I had no  idea he was not Cuban.  That is how well the film was played, every  syllable and mannerism was depicted with full bravura, much like the Pacino  I know.  The brilliant stylistic eye of Brian DePalma is the other element  that defines this film's beauty.  If you want to see a superb collaboration  of this team, see &quot;Carlito's Way,&quot; which some believe is a  undeclared sequel to Scarface.  The similarities do lie there, yes, and  purposely so.  Very few actors like Pacino and directors like Depalma come  along in the same century, so appreciate this film for the epic drama that  it truly is.  My hats off to you, Mr. Pacino...you are officially and  undisputedly the greatest actor of all time.<br />For a better understanding  of Pacino, see the movies:  Cruising, Panic in Needle Park, Bobby  Deerfield, Scarecrow, Dog Day Afternoon, Serpico, Author Author, The  Godfather Trilogy, Donnie Brasco, The Devil's Advocate, Sea of Love, Scent  of a Woman, Revolution, Heat, Looking for Richard, Two Bits, Carlito's Way  and The Insider.
B000002J29|5.0|I don't agree with &quot;genesis sucks w/o Gabriel&quot;! And this doesn't mean that I love Phil Collins and therefore I prefer him as lead singer of Genesis -  but I disagree with big arranged argumenting against the later  Genesis built only on the &quot;fact&quot; that Gabriel was the  &quot;better&quot; frontman. This is quite subjective and depends only on  the dislike of CHANGE. In my case it's the other way round: first - a few  years ago - I new only about &quot;No Son Of Mine&quot; and &quot;Invisible  Touch&quot;, and I thought wow, they're genius!  So of course I made a  fusion in mind -&gt; Phil's voice and drums belongs to Genesis.  Few years  later I bought the former albums, every former album available on the  market. I liked Peter's voice because I loved the music but when I heard  &quot;Seconds out&quot; (and I first didn't know that Phil was lead singer  from &quot;trick of the tail&quot; on) - I thought &quot;hey, this sounds  familiar to me&quot; and this gave the album a special bonus. You see, it's  always subjective, depending on your own experiences, feelings and so on.  But one thing I'd like to mention: a very if not most important thing about  Genesis is the MUSIC and melodies which is/are beautiful - doesn't matter  which singer you prefer :). A band doesn't become special because they  stayed the same during 20 or 30 years. You can love albums like  &quot;selling england by the pound&quot; as well as &quot;invisible  touch&quot; if you had a special atmosphere or happening in real life when  you first listened to it which connects to an album, music and atmosphere  changes, like always. This album is great beautiful stunning music, buy it,  lay down and LISTEN. :)
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Wow. RAM is heavy-duty RNR the way it's meant to be - and they give credit to people's intelligence, writing songs that aren't &quot;heybaybeeheybaybee&quot; or just another cover song (Metallica, are  you listening?)
B00000K19E|1.0|THe Matrix is probably the worst movie I have ever seen.  Keanu Reeves' acting is horrible, as well as the rest of the cast.  The story has been repeated in over a hundred different movies, the whole &quot;machines have  taken over the world&quot; thing.  Most of the movie is mindless violence  with flahy special affects.  And how am I upposed to feel sympathy for Neo  when the acting is so poor.  I cannot believe the Matrix got such rave  reviews.
6302720419|5.0|This movie is pretty good and I thought it was an intresting idea to have the children as kilers instead of having a guy in a ski mask hacking up young virgins all the time. It has an eerie atomsphere and that when you see the shots of the corn you feel like you are there. The direction is not  too bad and neither is acting the by the  children. Although, the acting by  the two lead adults by Horton and Hamilton (pre-Terminator days) is not too  good ,although, I have seen worse in other movies. The whole concept of the  movie is great you when see these children that go a little nutty, kill the  adults of the whole town and worship a creaturn named &quot;He Who Walks  Behind the Rows&quot;. It is defintaly something different to watch if you  like movies.
6304773382|4.0|In the theatres.  You have two wonderful strong female roles, a witty script and just a lot of odd ball fun.  I love the spontaneous song, and seeing Malcolm McDowell as a psychotic villian was great!  I love this  show!
0684833395|5.0|Joseph Heller died on December 12, 1999.  Boy will we miss him.<br />There are only two ways to look at &quot;Catch-22.&quot;  One side believes that it is a demoralizing work that compromises the integrity and honor of the  United States military.  The other side argues that this is a classic work  of fiction to be enjoyed by generations to come.  Who is right?<br />Both  sides are.  I can honestly say that Heller's hilarious, upsetting,  poignant, and disquieting work is one that I am proud to have in my  library, even going so far as to say that it is truly one of my favorite  works.  Seeing as I serve in the US Air Force, one would ask, &quot;How can  you so thoroughly enjoy a book which so blatantly criticizes the military  and all that it stands for?&quot;  To this I reply, &quot;That's the  point.&quot;<br />Stationed on an imaginary island off the coast of Italy  called Pianosa, a disgruntled World War II bombardier is desparate to get  out of the Air Force because he believes that everyone is trying to kill  him.  For most people, this plot wouldn't hold up in a 463-page novel, much  less a short story!  However, Heller's superior characterization (the  squadron commanding officer's name was Major Major Major Major) and ability  to make the most basic situation ironic (an aircrew member who is diagnosed  insane is unfit for flying per Air Force regulations must actively request  to be taken off of the flight roster, but if he is sane enough to make such  a request, then he is deemed fit for flying) leads me to wonder why the  book isn't even longer.<br />The characters will tear at your emotions like a  Cuisinart.  You will both love and hate them at the same time, especially  the conniving Milo Minderbinder, who had his own squadron bombed to further  the causes of his international black-market goods cartel, a cartel which  he runs with the use of the squadron's planes.<br />Joseph Heller is now gone,  but his legacy lives on.  We salute you, sir, and your tale of Yossarian  the bombardier shall never be forgotten.
6300181553|5.0|This has been a Christmas favorite for me and my family for so many years!  We even watch it throughout the year.  It ranks up there as one of my all time favorite movies.  What I don't understand is the all the racism  comments that have been attached to this movie.  Mamie, the maid is  actually treated well considering the time frame and her children are just  sweet children in this movie. Too much is being made of the so-called  racism in this movie, you just have to view the movie and remember it is  1942, not 1999.  All of my nieces and nephews feel, &quot;It isn't  Christmas until they have watched Holiday Inn!&quot;  They are all under 22  years old, so that gives you an idea of the ageless appeal this wonderful  old movie has.  Buy it, rent it, just be sure to watch it and start your  holidays off right!
0061003697|5.0|I only have one thing to say about this book, and it is that Agatha Christie wrote her best book in this one. The scenery is well-developped and the characters are real, and fans of Hercule Poirot will enjoy this  story, as we get a good idea of his characteristic investigation methods.
B000003CM8|5.0|If you could only have one Allman Brothers album (and what a shame that would be) this should be the ONE! It defines who the Brothers were and, to this day, still are. Even now, they open each show with a medley of Don't  Want You No More and then right into Its Not My Cross to Bear. For an  opening to a show, it really brings the house down. Buy it!
0440219078|4.0|For me it was the first time reading an anti-utopian text and so the plot was a new experience in literature. But nevertheless I am fascinated. The Giver tells the story of a community, the story of a boy and while the  reader is informed about this perfect world the boy's eyes are opened. In  my opinion this book would be a nice x-mas gift for younger and older ones.  The Giver is such a well written bock and so I enjoyed reading it every  second.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Hey everyone! Blink-182 is ~*~RAD~*~! Hell yea! All The Small Things and What's My Age Again r the best!  OH YEAH! If u don't have this cd, u better get it before I go over there myself and give you a little lecture  on Blink-182! LOL! <br />Keep The Blink-182 Pride Alive! <br />Later--  ForeversDrumChic
0440219078|4.0|The Giver was a book that shows there is no such thing as a perfect world.  It has a great moral and a great concept.  I'd reccomend it to anyone.  I am in sixth grade and read it as a school book.  It's great!
B000003PBB|4.0|in my book, this one stands out among the subsequent albums she released. one:her trademark soaringly high register is used here and she sounds best this way.two: it's produced by michael chapman,one of the best in the business. three:it's engineered by another michael:michael tretow and he knows best how to bring those powerful pipes out.<br />the two tracks i wouldn't wrap my arms around? \\"mr persuasion\\" (it don't move me sweetie) and \\"stand by my side\\"
B000000WFU|4.0|Karl Jenkins is a classical/new age mastermind.  He did the best thing by finding and picking Miriam Stockley to do the vocals for him on all three of the Adiemus CD's.  I gave this 4 stars because it is good for the 1st  album, but the other two newer ones are excellent.
B000001ED1|4.0|I bought this cd, as many others, because I heard &quot;One of us&quot; and &quot;St. Teresa&quot;, I listen to it once or twice, before I put it in my cd-rack. And there it stood for some years, but last year I listen to  it again and thought, -Wow!, how come I haven't listen to this one more  often? Well, this album isn't perfect though. &quot;Spider web&quot; is a  bit strange, and in &quot;Help me&quot; and &quot;Right hand man&quot; it  get just a bit to much of Joan's false singing, which suites other songs as  &quot;Let's just get naked&quot; perfect. Now, this false singing is just  in a few songs, and it's false cause it should be, and not because Joan  sings false generally ;o) But the rest of the cd is a FIVE STAR,  &quot;Pensacola&quot;, &quot;Crazy baby&quot;, and &quot;Lumina&quot; are  just terrific, and yeah of course &quot;One of us&quot; and  &quot;St.Teresa&quot;. Lot's of R&amp;B, blues and feeling ;o)
B0000069NM|5.0|On &quot;A-Go-Go&quot;, John Scofield manages to harness the potential of MMW (never fully realized, in my opinion) to create a groove that hearkens back to yesteryear but is distinctly 90's in vintage.  This edgy, funky set  will get your hips shaking and your feet tapping.  Not for the jazz purist,  Scofield still opens up and delivers some biting improvisational sections.   But the real story here  as with all other music of the genre is the  groove.
B000001FS3|5.0|From have being a euro-dance-techno-freak, this cd converted me totally. Now I only listen to Rock/pop. This cd has a very strong feeling, and there arent any weak point on it. Even the for many people not so known songs  have a very high level. The album starts with &quot;where the streets have  no name&quot;, &quot;I still havent found what Im looking for&quot; and  &quot;With or without you&quot; and it just goes on at that level.
0671047272|5.0|I'm sorry, but I dont know where else to ask....Will the CD of Angela's Ashes be available on CD as UNABRIDGED?  I am only able to find abridged...  Please answer....thanks.
1573226521|4.0|I thought this book was very entertianing and kept my interest like so few books do these days..  I couldn't stop turning the pages until it was finished and I do agree with others, it was a very fast read... Whether or  not the location and local dialogue are correct I really don't care.  There  is a reason we call it fiction.  The story painted a picture for me and  kept me on the edge of my seat.
0792151712|5.0|This was the best of all the Titanic movies made with the exception that it put two fictional characters at the front. Don't get me wrong, I fell in love with Jack like everyone else did, but it focused too much on their  love story and not the tragedy and misconceptions of the &quot;Unsinkable  Titanic&quot; with too few lifeboats and man's ignorant concept of speed  over safety.
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is an amazing book about a boy in a perfect world, who is selected for a special job, and he is a very important citizen now. Jonas now has much pressure and many hardships to overcome. What will happen in  this story? Lois Lowry  has created a differtent style book, and it is  inspiring to myself and others. Read this great masterpiece that you will  cherish, enjoy, and remember for a lifetime! I highly recommend this  exquisite story.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I knew nothing about Metallica until I saw &quot;Behind the Music&quot; on VH1. Came across the &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; video not long after and bought the CD the next day.  I'm 40 and I love this CD - it's a great way  to &quot;ease&quot; into metal music if you've avoided it in the past. Very  Strong!
0812589041|5.0|The Ender series are my most prized books. Ender's Game starts us out with a certain simplicity with a story that is thought-provoking yet infinitely readable. But Card does not stop there. He goes on, delving into deeper  levels of possibilities and explores human nature, our social structures  and interactions, our all-too-human fears and prejudices. Some will not  understand the depths this series probes. They can be read casually and at  face value but the reader who does so will miss Card's genius for exploring  human nature. Taken at face value, it involves a war of humans against  aliens but Card, in his series, challenges our concepts and our judgements  of who is the alien, the outsider. A series of infinite hope and profound  sadness.
0792842723|5.0|I felt that this movie was the best out of all of the Bond movies. Pierce was one of the better Bonds they have chosen. I love the vilians in this movie, espically Miss Onatop. I felt that she was sexy and deminted at the  same time. The kind of girl you love to hate. The plot moves along quickly  and has you constantly on the edge of your seat. I always look forward to  the new toys that Bond gets to play with, besides the leading lady. The  opening theme song was done by Miss Tina Turner, pure diva, and she did it  well. All in all, I think this movie was one of my favorites out of all of  the other Bond movies, so far.
B000002NJS|1.0|this disc is one of the most overrated ever.her voice sounds as bad as ever and the music has been done back in the 80's.the group garbage did a better job at the eletronica thing.remember erotica? did it already and it  wasn't good then and isn't good now.her first album and bed time stories  are far better.and awards don't make a lasting album.
6303477259|5.0|I bought this video as part of my Floyd collection thinking it would be a pale copy of their live shows. Boy was I wrong ! This is a cracker ! Now a few years old I still think that the performance shown should set the  benchmark for all upscale live shows. I've just bought my second copy  having worn out the first. BRING ON THE DVD !
0385484518|5.0|This is a really good book and the movie is wonderful. I hope everybody gets a chance to read this!
0440219078|5.0|Thrilling, truly breath taking. I like this book because when you start reading it you'll never guess the ending.     Its about a boy who had a normal life in futuristic community, until he became the Reciever. He then learns to feel and see in a new light.     I recommend this book for all  ages. It will help children appreciate what they have.
0812589041|5.0|Simply put, this is the best book in any genre, any time, any country that I have ever read.  No deeper look into the mind..no better book...that is all I can say.
B000003BQW|5.0|You are not a true Ramones fan if you do not have this album. With catchy tunes such as Poison Heart and Strength to Endure it is no wonder why this album makes so many people turn into hardcore Ramones fans. This band is a  legend. Be apart of that legend by purchasing this Today!
0679441018|4.0|I enjoyed this book because it allowed Anne Rice to show another side to her.  This book tested my belief in the creation of earth, humans, and God's purpose.  I just didn't agree with Memnoch trying to pretend he was  just an innocent by stander in God's creation of life.  She really put my  imagination and personal view of heaven to the test.  I would recommend  this book if you are open minded to religious beliefs.
0812550706|5.0|Card creates a complete world... all any author can hope to do.  In &quot;Ender's Game&quot; a real, flesh-and-blood cast of characters is developed, without any overexplanation or fluff.  The plot winds it's way  through the solar system, from North Carolina to orbit and beyond, all the  while taking the reader along. I -loved- this book.  So much about it makes  me reread it again and again; the basis in modern science, the insightful  world of a small boy in a man's environment, and the raw description of our  world &quot;n&quot; years from now.<br />Excellent stocking stuffer for anyone  who watched &quot;Star Trek&quot; and liked it.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I admit that when I first listened to this CD, I wasn't ready for what I heard. I expected something similar to Jagged Little Pill, and I was taken aback by the poetic abstract rythyms she befriended on this CD. But over  time, after hearing tracks on the radio, and seeing her live, I have grown  to really love all the tracks on this CD. It's hard to be objective when  you get a new CD from a favorite artist, and they've outgrown their old  style. I'm glad I gave her new style time to get under my skin; now I like  it more than the old.
6303431038|4.0|A lot of people forget that Wyatt Earp was a real man who had more courage and integrity then most people you will ever know.  This movie is a pretty accurate portrayl of that man.  Kevin Costner and Dennis Quaid (Doc Holliday) do a superb job, although the supporting cast has a lot to be  desired.  This movie differs from the movie &quot;Tombstone&quot;, in that  it portrays a lot of Wyatt's life from being a teenager during the Civil  War to his and Josie's adventure to the Alaskan gold fields near the turn   of the century.  &quot;Tombstone&quot; deals primarily with the happenings  in Wyatt's life in that one town, which ironically dealt with less than 2  years of his long adventurous life.  I liked this film because it dealt  with an approximate 35 year time span of Wyatt's life, and the movie is  long enough to dipict this.  There are a lot of historical accuracies in  the movie which include proper representations of places and dialogue such  as what is said on the way to and during the gunfight.  The inaccuracies  are easily overlooked such as Virgil being shot in the wrong arm and the  reference to &quot;Johnny behind the duece&quot; as &quot;Tommy.&quot; All  in all though, a good film about the life of a great man, Wyatt Earp.
B000000H57|5.0|Never will there be a better album, ever.  If so Type O Negative will be the ones who release it.  Don't get me wrong, World coming down is another five star and is incredible as are all their albums.  But October Rust is  just somewhere above them all.  I don't care what kind of music you like,  if you like beautiful music you must buy this album.
B000001EGE|5.0|This recording is extremely balanced.  Mona Lisa's and Madhatters is probably the best cut but almost all the other songs add something special.  The songs are performed with much feeling and that alone makes it a  quality release.
0375707972|4.0|The Reader is truly a book for everyone.  Fans of stories like The Triumph and the Glory or The Testament will like this book.  People who liked The Poisonwood Bible or Memoirs of a Geisha will like this book.  People who  liked Stones From the River or The Pilot's Wife will like this book.   Readers who enjoy the Oprah books will LOVE this book.  It has everything  one could ask for.  A vast range and scope of human emotion and experience  is encapsulated into The Reader, in a very eloquent manner.  Don't miss  this one, it is unforgettable.
B0000025KI|5.0|What a great way to bring in the 80's. The Boss' 1980 release was a jawdropper. The only problem when I pull this gem out is deciding whether to listen to disc 1 or disc 2. It rocks, it weeps, it cusses, it snarls, it  hits home. It's the boss.
0345409671|5.0|Memnoch the Devil is phenomenal.  Fans of darkly intense novels like The Triumph and the Glory or Hannibal will like this book.  People who liked The Devil's Teardrop will like this book.  People who liked The Last Day or  The Fist of God will like this book.  Memnoch the Devil has everything one  could ask of a book.  A vast range and scope of human emotion and  experience is encapsulated into Anne Rice's fiction, in a very eloquent  manner, she is the master.
B000020617|5.0|Foo Fighters would have come out regardless of death of Kurt Cobain and FF is much more quality band than Nervana.  Nervana is the most overrated band of the 90's.  Get all 3 cds by FF.  They are all EXCELLENT!
B000002A3T|5.0|All of the negative responces can get bent, it amazes me that anybody who calls themselves a Floyd fan or even a music aficianado can do anything but adore this fine piece of art. Most of the nay sayers out there are bitchen  about The Division Bell not being a classic floyd album well duh, it's  called inovation, and even more than that, they are still growing musically  as all true musicians do. If you are truly interested in artisanship you  will appreciate the complex beauty that is this record. The last track of  this incredible work(High Hopes)is possibly Floyd's greatest piece and the  solo at it's ending is the the greatest use of a slide guitar that has ever  been.David Gilmour has the soul of a thousand men and does for rock what  Mozart did for classical or John Coltrain did for jazz.In short, if this  isn't the greatest rock album ever, it is definitely the greatest Pink  Floyd, although all their other records were monumentous as well. To all of  you false Floyd fans out there who didn't give The Division Bell a fair  chance there is a Billy Ray Cyrus album calling for you.
0060282983|5.0|When I read this poignant and delectably entertaining book as a boy, I sobbed and sobbed and sobbed near the end.  I found it almost unbearably sad, yet I have often returned to it and read it again and again.  I think  it is one of the wisest and most imaginative children's books I have ever  come across, and it teaches us all some of the most enduring and universal  human lessons.  And yet, it is amusing, filled with animated characters,  human and animal, who exist in a simple yet fanciful world.  I cannot  imagine anyone -- and especially children of all ages -- not finding this  book enchanting on every level.  It stays with you for a long, long time.
B000001EAQ|4.0|U2's Pop is probably U2's fourth best album behind Joshua Tree, Achtung Baby, and Unforgettable Fire. Yes they have changed, but the music of Pop at its foundation is still U2. Not every song is good on the album, but  enough are to make the album worth it to buy for the casual U2 fan. I am a  huge U2 fan and I am not so closed minded to see a flawed album. At the  same time the album shows brilliance like in &quot;Gone&quot; and in  &quot;Mofo&quot;.  &quot;Mofo&quot; may be a little to techno for most but  it is a jam. &quot;Discoteque&quot; isnt as cheesy as the title...the song  is catchy. &quot;Do you feel loved&quot; has a mainstream sound but you  cant help to love Edge's guitar in this song. I love the sound of  &quot;Miami&quot; but it's the lyrics that leave a sour taste in my mouth  (this song rocks live). &quot;Staring at the Sun&quot; is another good  song, but the acoustic version on the single is ten times better and should  have been that way on the album. &quot;If God Will Send His Angels&quot; is  also a great song. &quot;If you wear this velvet dress&quot; is U2's  sexiest song ever, but the mastering of the song left Bono's voice hard to  hear (bad producing). &quot;Last night on earth&quot; and &quot;Playboy  Mansion&quot; are examples of bad tracks and should have been a b-side.  &quot;Wake up dead man&quot; has a great message but technically it should  have been a b-side as well. Change or not, U2 can do better. Nevertheless  the album is better then it is bad.<br />I think the reason why a lot of  casual U2 fans do not like Pop is because of first impressions. If U2 would  have released &quot;Gone&quot; or &quot;If God would send his angels&quot;  as their first single instead of &quot;Discoteque&quot; the album would  have been more successful and receptive.<br />Ack! I hope I didnt go over 1000  words. heh
B0000027F8|5.0|This album throws you for a loop, so to speak.  It is not the WHAM George and it is not the FAITH George.  Instead, it is an elegant, almost symphonically enhanced pop record of confessions, desires, and bitterness  and pain.  It is absolutely self-involved, but with a pop master like  George Michael at the helm, the songs become universal cries and whispers.   I do love FREEDOM 90, which is saucy and infectious -- but my favorite is  SOMETHING TO SAVE, which is plaintive and poignant and honest.  This is my  favorite George Michael album, and one, by the way, that shows off his  gigantic vocal abilities in spades.
B000001FS3|5.0|The Joshua Tree is one of the best albums ever recorded. Bono's inspirational lyrics combined with the band's distinct sound make The Joshua Tree a must have for any music collector.
B00000J615|5.0|When I saw the movie True Crime, I was totally blown away by the track &quot;Why should I care&quot;...I did not get the name of the singer at that time.  A couple of months later I was listening to the radio and heard  &quot;When I look in your eyes&quot;; again I was blown away and just knew  I had to have that CD. It was only later that I found out that the singer  on the True Crime sound track was none other than Diana Krall...its a must  have
B00000AD94|3.0|At first I found this album pretty disappointing.  But The Light and Go the Way You Go have really grown on me. . . especially after seeing them played live!  This seems like a solid beginning, but the band hadn't quite  found their footing yet.  That would come only a little later. . .
6302797535|5.0|Must he make us laugh? You can't not laugh at this movie. Starring Maggie Smith (who does a smashing job in her role), Peter Falk, Eileen Brennen, Peter Sellers, James Cromwell, James Coco, David Niven, Truman Capote, Alec  Guiness, Elsa Lancaster, Nancy Walker, and Estelle Winwood, this is Neil  Simon, Roger Moore (The Cheap Detective) and the entire cast at their best.  When you see this, I'm sure you will be able to imagine Agatha Christie  roling over in her grave at this debotchery of many of her works. As though  that weren't enough, Simon also finds time to rip off Charlie Chan and  others. Maggie Smith shines as the wife of detecteve Dick &quot;Dicky&quot;  Charleston. At one point, there is a knock at the door from who everyone  assumes is the deaf-mute cook (Nancy Walker). Smith says &quot;Come  in.&quot; Then her husband (David Niven of &quot;The Pink Panther&quot;)  reminds her that the cook cannot hear. She then screams (in a very  believable voice) &quot;Come in! &quot; Also in the film is Peter Sellers  who is constantly giving Charlie Chan-like advice that is very funny.  Stupidity = hilarity in &quot;Murder By Death.&quot;
B000002ADT|5.0|When it comes down to it, it's very simple.  If you like music, then this is the next cd you must have.  No ifs, ands, or buts. From jazz fans (who already know almost every note) to rock fans, who can imagine the  &quot;riffs&quot; coming off of &quot;All Blues&quot; and &quot;Freddie  Freeloader&quot;, to any alternative/punk fan who can sense the cool vibe  that comes off any of the tunes here, this is what happens when the stars  are in their proper alignment and you have six truly great musicians at  arguably one of their peaks and in sync with each other. The best thing  about Kind of Blue is that it is truly great without trying to remind you  that it is; every piece is approachable in its simplicity but still rings  as true today as forty years ago. I DO wish now that the remastered version  is out, there's no more tinkering with this album, because it gives you the  impression that the tunes can somehow be made better.  You can't improve  one of the two or three best albums made in any genre. As close to  perfection as you can find in modern music.
B000002C1X|3.0|I find that I really have to be in a certain mood to tolerate this album.  A lot of it is so weird, disturbing and depressing, I just can't take it.  Of course, I guess that was the point of the album.  But knowing that  doesn't make it any more listenable.<br />I am not saying that this is a bad  album.  It has its brilliant moments and its clinkers.  It's just that the  underlying theme of isolation, depression, oppression, and so on, just  really make this album a chore to go through in one sitting.  I come away  feeling like I've been through Hell and back.  Of course, again, that was  probably the point.  It's a difficult listen.<br />Even the cartoon graphics  in the album's gatefold (I still have the vinyl LP) are very disturbing and  grotesque.  I have a hard time looking at them.<br />So, I can't give this one  the full amount of stars, because I just still find this album very hard to  digest -- and some of the songs aren't that great anyway.  Even the ones I  like, like &quot;Mother,&quot; are very disturbing, very depressing.  Music  doesn't have to be all happy, lightweight stuff for me.  But on the other  hand, there are some things that are hard for me to take, even after  repeated listenings, and therefore I can't count this as a  &quot;favorite&quot; album, because favorite albums are ones I can listen  to anytime, anywhere, forever, and never get tired of them.  This one  doesn't even come close, for the reasons listed above.
630512762X|1.0|This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The plot is absurd and to be honest you have to be of a very young age to gain any enjoyment from this film or just very very bored or drunk. The only remotely good thing  that comes from this film is a decent performance from Cage. If you really  must, rent it but DO NOT buy it...
B00003003R|4.0|I love this album, don't get me wrong, but it's about impossible to hear the lyrics for &quot;Patience&quot;, which is an incredibly awesome song.
B000023VR6|2.0|Dr Dre is one of the VERY FEW artists who i know I want to buy there album before I hear cut one off of it. (along with Cube). So you can imagine my disappointmen when I popped this CD into my deck. <br />My problem is simple,  severe lack of talented rappers. The beats are decent and even head  knocking on a few tracks. However they are far and in between. Instead what  you have is a mix of every rapper you have never heard of (of Snoop is  there but enough with the &quot;lo lo's&quot;). Its no coincidense the 2  best tracks are those with Eminem on them. Those 2 almost make the album  worth buying. I know ill have to think twice before buying his next one.  Maybe the NWA reunion will be beter.
B00000J7J4|5.0|It's amazing that Santana can keep himself that long in the charts, for nearly three decades now, but the sound is still enchanting. Another CD that I found enchanting and contains this magical sound, was Dietmar  Scherf's &quot;Nice to meet ya!&quot; CD, also available at Amazon.
B000002H97|4.0|This album is one of the great things Metallica has  drempt up. The music has alot of great, yet catchy tunes. This a music type of the great 80's rock bands. If you don't have this get it quick.    HEADBANGERS BEWARE!
B0000027RL|4.0|This album really deserves four and a half stars.  No album deserves five, no album is perfect.  This is one of my favorite cds.  It is even up there with Led Zeppelin's Physical Graffiti and the White album by the Beatles.   Overall a fine album, greatly recommended.
B00001ZULV|4.0|I have been reading many of the reviews of the long awaited Genesis greatest hits CD and am tired of all the whining about the lack of songs from the Peter Gabriel era of Genesis.  Genesis became popular after Peter  Gabriel left the band, so there should be no surprise that there aren't  many Gabriel tracks on the CD.  I believe the CD is a nice compilation,  although I would have liked to see &quot;Paperlate&quot;, &quot;Man On the  Corner&quot;, &quot;Illegal Alien&quot; and &quot;No Reply at All&quot;  included and the uncut version of &quot;Mama&quot;.  Probably the best  approach would have been to have two greatest hits CDs, one from the  Gabriel era and one from the Phil Collins era, but I think the record  company would know that the former would collect dust on the shelves.  A  good CD for the casual Genesis fan.
0767802659|5.0|This is an excellent movie.  It had a little bit of everything for both men and women.  There was a love story for the ladies and plenty of violence and gore for the guys.  Don't forget the shower scene.  This is  not a movie for the youngsters.  If you want to sit back and just enjoy the  ride this is the movie for you.  And for us guys, it's not one of those  movies with a hidden message you need to think about all day.  Just enjoy  the show.
B000005IZ8|5.0|I saw the movie Powaqqatsi when it was first released in 1988. The film was hypnotic with its gorgeous cinematography and, especially, the MUSIC. It was the first music by Phillip Glass that I had ever heard. I knew  nothing about minimalism, but this music absolutely captured me. The score,  the arrangements, the Men's and children's choir, the rhythmic  counterpoints in many of the traks were intoxicating. I listened to this CD  over and over. And over ten years later, this CD is as hypnotic as ever. My  favorite traks are &quot;Anthem 3&quot; and &quot;Caught&quot;. The latter  trak gracefully floats and undulates between rhythmic percussion and  pulsing brass harmonies. <br />After hearing this soundtrack, I then got my  hands on as much Phillip Glass music as I could; much to my disappointment.  Glass has a tendency to recycle the same material over and over again. His  variation is too subtle for my ears. Except for exhilerating recordings  like &quot;Itaipu&quot;, and &quot;Low Symphony&quot;, I avoid his work.  BUT, Powaqqatsi is by far the best work he has ever done. If I was stranded  on a desert island and if I was allowed to choose only ten CD's to have  with me (along with a good CD player) the Powaqqatsi soundtrack would be  among them.
B0000025RI|5.0|Say what you want, but we all know the real. Blake's picks Lady in my life, PYT, Billie Jean, and Human Nature.
B00002SWEM|4.0|This is a great documentary. The DVD qualities are exceptional and the colors are great. The sound is very good. The style of narration is quite engrossing especially towards the end where the serendipitious ramblings of  the musicians thru NYC are juxtaposed with snippets of the Carnegie Hall  concert. Some shots drift away and you are not sure why or where - like the  shot where relics of Cuban communism are focused on as the singers sing  about their homeland. Why? <br />Personal highlights of the movie are the duet  session between Omara and Ibrahim - the electricity and respectful tension  in the recording studio are very palpable, the domino playing session  between Pia and friend just before a recording session, the childlike  wonderment of Pia and Ruben as NYC tourists, Omara walking the streets of  Havana and harmonising with a passerby, and the decaying grandeur of Havana  as a backdrop. The profile sessions of the musicians are well documented  and mingles very well with musical performances either in rehersal,  recording or in concert.<br />The only problem I have with this offering is  the Ry Cooder slide guitar flicks on certain songs. I am just not sure why?  If ever a note sounded out of tune and place, this was it - in more ways  than one. And was Cooder Jr. playing Cuban percussion instruments on some  sessions? I am not really sure. <br />I watched this three times yesterday  evening after getting it in the afternoon mail. It was a long evening but  well worth it.
0316920045|1.0|I'm sorry, but I just don't understand how my fellow Amazon reviewers could have scored this book highly.<br />The first chapter sets up a potentially enthralling narative style, and the concept of a TV show that  gives viewers infinite bliss (so much so that they ignore things like  eating and living) is great. However, it's all downhill from there.<br />The  book seems to spend forever talking about tennis and drugs, without  particularly wanting to tell a story. If this is the perfect example of a  'contemporary' story, then I'll stick with the classics.<br />Don't say you  haven't been warned!
B000002NG7|5.0|Just like every other FNM album. Album of the Year is a brilliant piece of work.  And I have to say that the title is very accurate.  It was by far, the best album that year. (I think it was 97).These guys are one of the  most underappreciated bands ever.  They are so much better than 99% of the  other &quot;rock&quot; bands out there today.  I suggest that everyone  reading this run out and buy this, and all their other albums, as well as  all three albums by Mr. Bungle (Mike Patton's other brilliant band.)  Mr.  Bungle's new album &quot;California&quot; is the best album I have heard in  years.  Believe me.  I could not give this album a high enough  recommendation.
0780619951|1.0|How is it that this supremely bad film is available on DVD, yet GOOD films by star Brando and director Frankenheimer are nowhere to be seen? Where are the DVD versions of &quot;The Godfather&quot;, &quot;On The  Waterfront&quot;, &quot;Seven Days in May&quot;, &quot;Seconds&quot; or my  fave &quot;The Iceman Cometh&quot;?
0446310786|5.0|This is one of those rare books that could change the world if everyone would just read it.  Well written, funny, sweet, terrifying, poignant, and thought-povoking, Harper Lee's masterpiece is a mirror into the soul of  human nature.
B000002BYD|1.0|this cd is more horrible than horrible. Pearl jam just faded away from good music, and that is why you don't hear of them anymore. This cd is like buying something you don't even know about. Pearl jam is a big waste of  time.
B00000K2UX|5.0|(Unfortunately) I never got a chance to sneak a peek at the first version of this soundtrack.  However, I'm sure I didn't miss anything by picking up this CD.  It was a very good blend of rock-like songs mixed in with some  very easy, slow songs.  All in all, a very good buy!
B0000047CX|5.0|A friend gave me the tape several years ago and I loved it very much. The soft, gentle voice and the atmospheric sound still flow from the player and float through the air. I don't know much about bossa nova. I don't  understand Portugues at all. But I feel it. It's just beautiful. I feel  that music enriches life when I listen to this.
6303477259|5.0|This is only the best Video I own, can't say enough of the special effects, superior sound quality, excelent selections of tunes.... If I could only have one video on a desert island it would be this one you can't  ever get tired of it....ps I always liked the band but after this purchase  I am INTRANCED...:)
0440219078|4.0|In &quot;The Giver&quot; by Lois Lowry, the 12-year- old Jonas is selected to be the Reciever of Memory in a community without colours, feelings and freedom. During the training for his assignment, he realizes that it can  not go on like this with the community and he tries to change it. Normally,  I would not read such a book, because I dont like science-fiction stories.  I read it at school and in my oppinion, the book ist quite good. It makes  you realize how life would be without natural things like colours or love.  The only thing I did not like much was the end. I think the story ended too  fast and I consider the end too vague. But all in all I think the book is  absolutely worth reading.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is quite simply the greatest movie ever made. Saw it twice in the cinema and now own it on DVD. Buy it NOW!
6305363668|4.0|I've seen both versions and I prefer the original theater release. The Directors cut seems like a hoax, long periods of silence that seem shot for narration. I'd buy the Original theater release in a heartbeat (meanwhile  I'll treasure my old and aging VHS of the original). This movie has been  mired in egotistical controversy since it's original release. The original  soundtrack was never released and Vangelis' recent soundtrack release was  coifed to his preferences. Get the egos out of the way! Fans have always  wanted the original flick and the original soundtrack...and have been left  waving our dollars in the air for the taking. I was stunned the DVD version  did not allow for the original cut. <br />The egos must be stopped -  Bladerunner is one of the five best Sci-fi flicks. How it ever lost a Best  Original Costume Design oscar to Ghandi (ha) I'll never know.<br />I own the  current Directors-Cut DVD, both of the non-original soundtracks (including  Vangelis) and the original on VHS.
B00000K19E|1.0|The most pretentious, tasteless and pseudo-meaningful movie I've seen.I can explain it's success only by the lack of something better. If it was to  be released in the summer of 1997 it  would be no match to The Fifth  Element,Men In Black and Face\Off. <br />The plot is a total patchwork of  &quot;Zen Made Simple&quot; and &quot;Aliens Rule The Earth&quot;  brochures. What is The Matrix? - is the most annoying and stupid question  with nothing behind it. The fighting sequences are pathetic. Of course I  know that the Chinese martial artists train from 2-3 year old  and Keanu  Reeves had only 2-3 months to learn the moves but does it mean we have to  appreciate his laughable efforts?<br />Laughable is the key word if you want  to survive this pure gem of bad taste and intellectual inferioriity. My  favourite scene takes place in a car where two ladies forcefully extract  the slimy insect from Keanu's navel. They use the strange gadget probably  obtained from the nearest sex-shop and poor guy looks as if he is afraid of  being castrated right on spot. And for the first few seconds the ladies do  nothing to dispel his fears. It's so delightfully stupid!<br />The costume  design is just horrendous. Do they really think that black leather and  black glasses make it's wearer stylish no matter what they say and do?
0060977264|4.0|I can read this book again and again and still find something new to reflect on.  Coelho's writing is evocative and speaks of simple truths.  It is not just a love story but a story of how one woman finds her way back to  the path she started on but strayed from as her life moved in practical and  predictable ways.  Coelho has a way of leaving you with the feeling that  anything is possible.
6305627401|5.0|So I'm watching the start. OK. Occasional laugh. They walk into the cinema to see the Terence and Philip movie - in tears laughing for the rest of the time. One of the funniest movies I've ever seen.
6305363668|4.0|I've seen both versions and I prefer the original theater release. The Directors cut seems like a hoax, long periods of silence that seem shot for narration. I'd buy the Original theater release in a heartbeat (meanwhile  I'll treasure my old and aging VHS of the original). This movie has been  mired in egotistical controversy since it's original release. The original  soundtrack was never released and Vangelis' recent soundtrack release was  coifed to his preferences. Get the egos out of the way! Fans have always  wanted the original flick and the original soundtrack...and have been left  waving our dollars in the air for the taking. I was stunned the DVD version  did not allow for the original cut. <br />The egos must be stopped -  Bladerunner is one of the five best Sci-fi flicks. How it ever lost a Best  Original Costume Design oscar to Ghandi (ha) I'll never know.<br />I own the  current Directors-Cut DVD, both non-original &quot;soundtracks&quot; and  the original on VHS.
6304765231|5.0|I must be a strange one to be this adiment about a movie, but I cannot stress enough about the beautiful irony that this movie provides in directly mirroring the star actor, Brandon Lee to his own personal fate. It  makes me fall so deeply involved in the emotion and heartache felt by this  human, and the sorrow of the way he had to die in the prime of his career.  Had he still been with us, the second Crow movie would have been worth  watching. He is and will be the only crow on the big screen. He left behind  his own bride- to-be in real life, Eliza Hutton, and his own following of  cult mourners, enthusiests, and fanatics. Brandon will be my first son's  name...Brandee if a girl. Yep, I am of the occult!   You will live on in  our hearts forever, Brandon!
B000021XR5|2.0|This album starts out strong with 3 decent tracks, then becomes Tiny Music part 2.  I bought STP's last two albums on the strength of Core and Purple; I won't buy the next one.
B000009ED0|4.0|I was at first very critical of Mr. Rock (or is it Kid?).  I liked Bull God, but soon I felt he was no more than the next to jump on the bandwagon - let's do a metal/rap mix &amp; force the American public to enjoy it.   But he does something that Anthrax &amp; the Beastie Boys learned back in  the 80's, and that's to keep it interesting.  Even with the catchy tunes on  this, he makes room for a great ballad (Only God knows why), &amp; for a  great little song to make you think (White guy, Black girl).  It's really  not a bad album.<br />Besides, if he's good enough to tour with MetallicA, he  must be good.
B000002505|5.0|Awesome jazzy fusion album in which Carlos and John McLaughlin are an awesome duo on the guitar.  The album is solid all the way through with the songs being mostly instrumental.
0800125789|5.0|Last Action Hero is a top film that has a great sense of humour. A satire of action movies this involves a young boy by the name of Danny Maddigan who is obsessed with the movies. He is always at the cinema with the  projectionist named Nick and he stays there admiring his favourite action  hero and role model Jack Slater (Arnold Schwarzenneger), even though he  ends up flunking from school. He is offered by Nick the chance to see the  new Jack Slater 4 before it opens at midnight. When he goes he is given a  magic ticket which was given to Nick by Houdini.He uses the ticket without  knowing what it does and Houdini claimed it was a magic ticket which Nick  was too scared to open. And so, Danny ends up in the movie and becomes  Slater's new partner. This a great satire of action films and it is  incredibly funny, the film also features briefly Tina Turner,James  Belushi,Jean Claude Van Damme, Chevy Chase and many other top name  celebrities, definitely a film worth buying.
0380002930|5.0|The first time I read this book, I slowed down about halfway through because I didn't want it to end too soon.  When I finished it I felt sad to no longer have the story, that I went back to page one and re-read the  whole book!  I've since read it about seven times and it affects me still.   I love this book . . . the story is exciting, the rabbits have distinct and  wonderfully drawn out personalities, there are moments that made me laugh  out loud and moments that broke my heart, and it ends perfectly.  A  wonderful classic!
B00000K19E|5.0|I saw it 6 times. Amazing relevance to our &quot;life&quot; Is that air your breathing? If you haven't seen it yet.....come out from under the rock and take the red pill.
B0000027D5|5.0|This is the best live Santana album available.  It features live versions of many of their early songs, as well as some new instrumentals which are very awesome.  Recomend to all Santana fans.
0440219078|3.0|Lois Lowry's book &quot;The Giver&quot; is an anti-utopian novel because it takes place in a future without any fear, warfare and hunger but it shows in that way how difficult it is for Jonas and the Giver to live in a  perfect world like that. Lois Lowry is a famous author for child-books  which are also interesting for adults. I liked &quot;The Giver&quot; very  much although the beginning is boring because nothing exiting happens but  from chapter to chapter it becomes more interesting and fascinating.
0380789019|4.0|Don't get me wrong. Neil Gaiman is one of my absolute favorite authors. I've, at one time or another, read all of his Sandman work and am working on everything else. His work with Dave McKean especially deserves  attention. But this is prose, Neil all by himself with no pictures to  accompany him along the way. And while the whimsical, strangely boring  Richard is the main character, the other characters in &quot;London  Below&quot; (a world Richard stumbles into after helping a hurt girl) are  the true stars of the book. The marquis de Carabas for example, a man of  unending wit and surprise. Door, the young princess who brought Richard his  misfortune and adventure. And while I liked the story, I thought it fell  short of the kind of plot I know Neil is capable of. The book seems too  easily written, too short, with too large a font used simply to fill pages.  I was prepared for a world a bit more vast and perplexing. I suppose I  could blame my 4-out-of-5 stars on high hopes. But rest assured you'll like  the book, if not somewhat of a predictible ending.
B0000062FL|3.0|i am reviewing your web site which i think generally is terrific. however, i feel that the list of songs on a cd should be available to the customer. for example, i can't recall the list of songs on abraxas by santana. i used  to have the album but its been a few years. can i do this and i don't  realize it? or am i correct in assuming you don't offer it presently?
B000002AD0|5.0|This is an awesome live album from 68'.  It has some songs that no other Santana albums have, and the best Jingo I've ever heard from Santana.  I recomend to any fan of the early Santana albums.
0767819594|1.0|Shes the only one who cares in this picture. I did not like the movie. Except fot her (Sarah Michelle Gellar) the movie is really bad. But I loved to see Sarah in a different role. Bye
0812551508|4.0|Many people do not know that Frankenstein is not the name of the &quot;monster&quot;, but the name its creator.  The &quot;monster&quot; has no name.  This is a book about a man's creation and the evil acts it  commits because it feels abandoned.  It is a great novel and the  Frankenstein movies don't do it justice.
0451452739|4.0|I did love this book, but I'm only 11 years old and it was a little skippy at times. My favorite types of books are science fiction, but this one may have been a little too high for me. I have never seen the movie, and I will  shortly, because then the story might come a little more clear to me.  Awesome Book!
6305165912|2.0|Yeah, 8MM was a horrible movie. With that out of the way, let me say that The Big Lebowski was one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. People are gonna write negative things about my review. Yeah, well, get  over it or get a life. Either one. Fargo was so much more superior to this  film (not to mention so many other films). I popped this into my VCR with  such high hopes. Turns out I couldn't even watch the entire thing; it was  about 3 in the afternoon and I didn't feel like napping. It's a movie about  a guy who takes ransom money. It was a good idea, but presented in a  sloppy, over-stylish fashion. The only reason I give it two stars is  because of John Goodman's gun-toting character. Hehe. I guess it's worth a  look if you liked the Coen's previous movies just to see that every master  has their one failure. A drag, to say the least.
B0000203Y5|5.0|This film better than any other I know illustrates fulfillment--unexpected, long-despaired of, and perhaps more precious for that.  Joyous, uplifting, totally satisfying both narratively and  musically.
0440219078|3.0|I think that the Giver is a good book. I would give it a three out five.  It is about a perfect world.  You can't get hurt and you have no feelings.  You can not pick your job, you are assigned one.  If you are the Reciever of memory you can have feelings and you can get hurt.  I think that the  Giver is a good book.  It is for more advanced readers because sometimes it  is hard to understand.
B00000K19E|5.0|No, not 5 stars, 100+ stars easily! Perception:Our day-in, day out world is real. Reality: That world is a hoax, an elaborate deception spun by all-powerful machines of artificial intelligence that control us. Whoa.  Those are the beginning words on the back of the case. I agree with it all.  This movie rocked in evry way possibe, and the special effects were so  perplexed and real it kills you. Everyone should see this movie, if you  like techno slammin' visuals, or if you don't. This movie really makes you  think. Keanu Reeves is awesome in this movie, and I loved the guy with the  monotone voice. &quot;How can you make a phonecall if you are unable to  speak?&quot; This movie is for everyone, you won't be mispleased!   Note:  If you hate movies where you have to think and use that big pink nugget  inside you head, then you will hate this.
B000000WFZ|5.0|This soundtrack is the most expressive instrumental music I have every heard - an interesting blend of classical and woodwind themes with percussion and voice.  You can listen to this when you falling asleep, or  you can listen to it when you want to feel uplifted.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I've been an ardent fan of Sarah McLachlan ever since my daughter gave me her Fumbling Through Ecstacy CD.  Surfacing has been my other favorite until I recently purchased Mirrorball.  Somehow her music in this live  performance has a beauty not found in her studio recordings.  There seems  to be so much more feeling and intensity in the live music.  Path of Thorns  (Terms) and Hold On are two especially beautiful pieces. Listening to Hold  On never brought tears to my eyes until I heard it sung in her Mirrorball  CD. ENJOY!
B000021Y77|5.0|Francois Truffaut, the great Frech director once said, &quot;I demand that a film express either the joy of making cinema or the agony of making cinema.  I am not interested in anything in between; I am not interested in  all those films that do not pulse.&quot; Tom Tykwer, the director of  Run!Lola!Run!, knows exactly what Truffault was getting at.  His  88 minute  landmark film from Germany does what most movies fail to do.  That is,  ASTONISH US!  I have not seen another film this year(or for several  previous years) where the director's love of filmaking is revealed in each  shot. In brief, the film centers around a young woman trying to come up  with 100, 000 marks in twenty minutes to try to save her boyfriend who  messed up a drug deal.  The film gives three versions of the execution and  outcome.  But to mention &quot;the plot&quot; only does this movie  injustice.  Like with all movies, a film is not juged good or bad on what  it is about.  It is judged on how it is about what it is about. Tykwer does  not use the three different scenario technique as a ploy.  Each new version  of the story makes us think about the past actions of its characters while,  at the same time, revealing something new about them. What makes  Run!Lola!Run! special, of course, is its style.  In a way, this is the  perfect movie to end the century.  It looks back to a tradition(i.e-pulp  plot, &quot;love conquers all theme&quot;) while looking to the  future(i.e-fast-forward  freeze-frame, animation).  Furthermore, the  director uses music the same way Scorsese, Tarantino, and Kenneth Anger do.   Not to drown the images on the screen, but to heighten and enhance them.  Run!Lola!Run! is by a filmaker who is in love with filmaking.  I cannot  wait for his next movie.  Unfortunately, Hollywood directors will try to  copy and follow Tom Tykwer.  However, like Pauline Keal said(when referring  to director Jean-Luc Godard) they can't walk behind him because he has  already &quot;burned upthe ground.&quot;
B00003000M|5.0|I own all of Marley' core albums and it was with a little trepidation that I purchased this one.  I found out I had nothing to fear.  This CD has never left my player since I got it last weekend.  You'd think Marley's  voice would be kind of hollow and distant in the background, while the  hip-hop stars crowded out the sounds, but that's not true.  Marley's voice  is clear and loud, so it truly sounds like a living collaboration.  Chant  Down Bablyon has refreshed my interest in reggae, and I've found myself  playing all his old stuff more now that it's gotten back in my blood.   Testament to this album is that it ranks right up there with Marley's best  from his living days.  Bravo Steve Marley!
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is an excellent book. It is not the best book for younger readers. I did not understand it at first. Then I got with the picture. It is about a young boy who is about to get his job. Then he finds out he has the most important job in the community. He is told he would receive  extreme pain. He was very worried until he started. It turned out he just  had to receive memories. Some were very painful. He turns out enjoying it.  It is a confusing, but excellent book. I think older people would like it.  I really enjoyed it.
B000002HGD|4.0|I have no problem with Moby's social, religious, and political opinions, but there is something really missing on this work-of-genius CD.  But maybe that's exactly what Moby is trying to communicate -- the emptiness of  modern technical virtuosity.  While it has its thrilling moments, and while  its simple but beautiful melodies and lyrics linger in my head, ultimately  the CD leaves a somewhat depressing mental residue.  Whether that is the  message (like, beware, wake up!) or whether the missing element is that  Moby doesn't have a warm, human response to the vacuum he identifies, I  don't know. His message seems rather extreme -- but maybe it has to be to  convey his point.
B000002LFZ|5.0|It's hard to find a female lyricist now, or at any time in the short history of rock and roll that can compare with Stevie Nicks.  A true musical genius, her songs &quot;Gypsy&quot;, &quot;Rhiannon&quot;,  &quot;Dreams&quot;, and especially &quot;Sara&quot; make this album a  necessity for classic rock fans. Two words really sum up Stevie's style:  &quot;haunting&quot; and &quot;mysterious&quot;. I'm not sure if it's the  key she writes in, but her melodies and effects, are dreamlike, almost  creepy. How &quot;Gold Dust Woman&quot; and &quot;Landslide&quot; didn't  make it on this album, I'm not sure, but then I guess it would be &quot;The  Best of Stevie Nicks&quot; So please, buy this album, listen to the smooth,  silky sounds of this fabulous, illustrious band of the seventies (and  eighties and nineties! ) You won't be sorry..
B000000WCA|5.0|Spice is a really good debut album from the Spice Girls. All the tracks are really good and catchy, except for the mega annoying Last Time Lover. I personally don't think that it would be very different without Geri on this  album, so I think that their third will be bigger and better than this one  and Spiceworld.
B000001IQH|5.0|Rancid's...Out Come the Wolves is the purest example of punk's potential in a decade of whiny grunge, mindless pop and burn out rap/metal.  The blistering '77 flavored anthems and dub - ska tinged tracks, fueled by the  trade off vocal and guitar work of Tim and Lars, deftly handles social  issues in a true punk's not dead fashion.  It is both a call to arms street  punk opus, as well as a uniquely crafted story telling masterpiece of less  than beautiful life.  You would be hard pressed to find a listener who  would not be moved to the pit after the first minute of &quot;Maxwell  Mureders&quot; and stay there until the very last oi of &quot;Avenues and  Alleyways.&quot; This is quinessential nineties punk rock, pure and simple.
0440219078|5.0|If you want to read a wonderful novel choose to read &quot;The Giver.&quot;  At times this excellant book might seen out of this world, but it shows many descriptions of our world.  The book features a boy named Jonas who is stuck in a world of sameness.  This community is banded from  many of the beautiful daily happenings of life.  The members of the  community cannot see colors or even feel different emotions.  You are set  into age groups by what year you were born in and do not have birthdays.   After you turn twelve and you have received your assignment your assignment  for and occupation you don't keep track of your age at all!  Jonas is  having a great life with his friends Asher and Fiona until he becomes a  twelve and receives his assignment of receiver of memory.  Slowly his  friendships start to disappear as Jonas gathers restrictions given to him  from his rules for his occupation like being able to lie.  Jonas starts to  see colors such as red and orange while even more come to him everyday for  he has the power to &quot;see beyond.&quot;  Jonas goes to the old receiver  of memory or now known as the Giver to receive his training. The Giver  gives Jonas many memories of joy and happiness, but is also forced to give  him memories of fear and pain.  As Jonas learns more about the life in  Elsewhere the more eager he becomes to travel to Elsewhere no matter how  far he must travel.  If you want to find the ending of this book you will  have to read this novel.  &quot;The Giver&quot; is a novel that should be  shared for many generations to come.
6305079900|5.0|GREAT MOVIE, YEAH, BUT WHAT WAS THE STUDIO THINKING WHEN THEY RELEASED THIS CLASSIC ON DVD, MONOPHONIC SOUND!   ARE YOU KINDING?  MOST DVD OWNERS ENJOY THE SOUND THAT DVD PROVIDES AS WELL AS THE SUPERIOR PICTURE  AND EXTRAS.  THE STUDIO TOOK MORE TIME TO EXPLAIN WHY IT DIDN'T ENHANCE THE  SOUND THEN THEY SHOULD HAVE. MANY GREAT MOVIES HAVE BEEN DIGITALY  REMASTERED AND THAT INCLUDES THE SOUND TRACK.    ALL YOU FANS OF THIS MOVIE  WATCH T2 IN 5.1 THEN THE ORIGINAL AND TELL ME YOU DON'T AGREE!
0800177355|1.0|i honestly cannot understand how anyone could have found this flick entertaining.  i was told to watch it for the climbing scenes--from a technical standpoint they were laughable (excepting the opening few  seconds).  the story line was moronic.  apart from a (very) few nice  scenics, this was a bad joke and complete waste of time.  i haven't  bothered to watch a stallone flick since.
0812505085|1.0|Oh my gosh. I f you are looking for an interesting book to read. Don't read Treasure Island. It is totally on a reading level for way older people. Not 7th graders. I had to read this book in class and it was so  hard to understand that I gave up and fell asleep. Boring Book. I wouldn't  even classify it as a classic. I would classify it as a good way to put  yourself to sleep.
B000009HF2|5.0|Sure, it dominated the airwaves in 1976, but this entire album has withstood the test of time.  Peter Frampton's songs are catchy and fun, and this album shows off the different facets of his talents, but the real  reason many people own this recording is to simply experience the sheer  magic of the performances.  Peter Frampton is an amazing live performer,  and although he can rock quite hard at times, he manages to do so in such a  friendly, positive, and capativating way.  He's so at home onstage, and his  band circa 1976 were very in tune with what he was doing.  Guitar-wise, he  has a unique and complex tone, he's a very good improviser, and his solos  combined the best elements of jazz players like Wes Montgomery and rock  gods like Jeff Beck, but the talkbox put this guy over the top,  communicating with the entire crowd on a very personal level.  It's  sophisticated pop music fused with heavy rock, performed w/excellent  musicianship.  Everyone can relate to this guy, being onstage and doing  what he enjoys most; even the darker moments seem positive and filled with  light!  Great sound, great recording, a monument of the 70's that still  sounds very fresh over 20 years later.
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Chili Peppers are the best band.  It's not anything at all like BSSM, but it's really good!  Every song on this album is great.  If your a Chili Peppers fan or not, pick this CD up.
6305161976|5.0|What can be said about this film? If you have not seen it, then go see it. Classic at every turn. Not a line or action wasted. Bogart in his most celebrated role as the suave and charismatic Rick, along with the beautiful  Ingrid Bergman. One of the films that makes Hollywood great! Highly  reccomended to anyone and everyone. The DVD version, however, is well  packaged and presented. With trailers from a variety of classic films,  along with a half hour documentary on the making of Casablanca hosted by  Lauren Bacall. A good transfer with quality sound, well worth the price.  Whether VHS or DVD, you will get your moneys worth with this timeless  classic that will begin a beautiful friendship.
0393314804|5.0|This book was completely awesome. The movie was good, but the book was better (usually the case). I love the way that welsh doesn't tell you who's speaking as the point of view skips from chapter to chapter. You have to  learn the way the character thinks and speaks. When I first read it, i was  a little confused because of the dialect. But the way that it is written is  trippy. You can actually hear the boys from Leith speaking. It's just  literary genius
0792838084|5.0|David Lynch's best work to date is the story of a typical all-American USA town where all things seem perfect and normal. That is...until we see what a strange world it is. The boy finds a severed ear in a nearby dirt path on  the way to the hospital and sets the story in motion. The cinematography  has to be some of the best around, especially noticable in the opening  scenes with the bright pastel colors of the town, the reds, the blues - so  vivid - to give you the small town USA look.  A detective mystery story  told in Lynch's world where the weird only gets weirder. Dennis Hopper in  one of his best roles as the wacked-out methyl junkie who holds a child  hostage. If you like odd, this is your film. Not for the squeamish.
6300274268|5.0|This is my 2 year old's favorite video.  And I enjoy watching it again and again with her.  It is truly imaginative and innovative with lots of great characters.  It's very fast moving and keeps my daughter's attention with  great songs and characters.  It's well worth buying.
B000031XCR|5.0|This is a new mix with her greatest songs and new ones to.This album contains The Beauty and the Beast,Beacause you loved Me,and a new hit-Thats the way it is.I hope you enjoy this album as much as I did.
B00000JPH6|5.0|I mean C'mon, do i really have to say more, this john henson masterpiece  is not only wonderful in everyway, but it was one of those few movies to break through the  pre historic  special effects days of the  late 70's and  early 80'. It was  way ahead of its time just as star wars,  but then again   so was henson with most of his work, im not saying imn a huge muppet fan,  i mean i do love the great muppet capper, but he was truely a genius with  entertaining young and old
0385484518|5.0|I am not an avid reader, but this book has really grab me, I found it so real and could picture the characters in my mind.  Not being in good health myself, I do believe reading this book has changed my thoughts about  living.  I believe this is a book everyone should read at least once.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This long awaited sophomore CD was well worth the wait..I bought it as soon as it was released,before I even heard &quot;fast as you can.&quot; I cant decide if its better than TIDAL..TIDAL was great,I listened to it over  and over again..But When the Pawn...has been in my CD player for over a  month now...I listen to it everyday..It covers all the feelings when a man  is involved..Heartache,Desire,confusion,and HATE. There isnt  a bad song at  ALL on this CD at ALL!   Fiona is an exceptionally talented musician..such  a soulful voice for someone so young. Her music is considered POP?  I have  to disagree.I would hardly consider her in a category with Britney  spears..back street boys...Christina whatever her name is..Their lyrics are  very BLAND.Fiona is very original and in a class by herself.FANTASTIC CD!   a must have!  cant wait for your 3rd CD,Fiona!
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a book that stimulates the imagination and makes kids and adults realize how lucky they are to be able to make their own choices.  In the book the community makes all the choices.  The main character thinks  this is wrong.  He leaves the community to do something about it.  I think  the book is only for fifth graders and older because the younger children  would not understand the plot.
0385484518|4.0|Tuesdays with Morrie was the best book I have read in awhile.  Though the reader knows right up front that there can be no happy ending, I found myself racing through this book from &quot;tuesday to tuesday&quot; to see  what pearls of wisdom the Professor had to offer.  Morrie's life was truly  dedicated to teaching and the example he set for his pupil as he slowly  lost his abilities from his disease was the ultimate lesson in how to  really live for Mitch Albom. Mitch learned how to stop and smell the roses  from his old professor's tuesday lessons. This book really shows the beauty  of the human spirit shining through even in the face of death.  I recommend  this brief story because it is never too late to learn life's lessons from  someone who has tasted life to the fullest and has no regrets.
031286504X|4.0|I had to laugh at the reviewer who said this book seems &quot;aimed at young children.&quot;  Hello! Did they read the same book that is being reviewed here - I Am Legend by Richard Matheson?  Frankly, this grown up  was nearly sickened by it, as I am by most good vampire tales. I read them,  but I always feel a little nauseous by the end.  This one was no exception.  This book seemed something of a metaphor for alcoholism - or any addiction  - and its attendant symptoms of isolation/paranoia. And I have to admit I  didn't quite get the ending.  Exactly who were the people of the new  society?  Nevertheless, it was fascinating.  You don't forget it when it's  over...there's something about it that spooks you with the feeling that it  could be real.
0380789019|5.0|This is an adult version of &quot;alice in wonderland&quot;. Wonderfully dark and surreal at times, laced with humor, and stark realism at times, this is one book that is not easily forgotten. I read this book in one  sitting, then immediately went back to page one to reread it. This is a  book written by an author that is truly developing into one of modern  literatures most outstanding talents - not to be missed. Even if you didn't  read Gaiman's &quot;Sandman&quot; comic (Which you really should, byt the  way) you will immediately be drawn into this. Definitely breaking the mold  of the &quot;Funny book writer&quot;!
0451169514|5.0|This has to be the definitive John Wayne Gacey biography.  To begin with, I love the word CLOWN; it conjures up such treasure trove of images,  different for each person. I have always been one of those kids who was  kind of annoyed by clowns and have never really found them funny or even  very interesting, except as symbols of tragedy and pain, like Pagliachi.   King has outdone himself with this novel.  And they made a great miniseries  from it!  My favorite scene in this novel is the one in which the boy  visits the sweet little old lady and she turns into a monster.  Yike.  I  love getting the ..it scared out of me.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|This is just a worthless movie. That's all there is to it. The only reason this got made is because Will Smith got popular after Men in Black and his stupid song from it. This is basically a really bad remake of Men in Black.  While Men in Black was clever and funny in SOME parts, this movie has no  redeeming qualities. It shouldn't even be considered a movie, it's just an  attempt to cash in on Will Smith's popularity.
B000021XS0|5.0|After recent disapointments from some of my favorite bands, and finding &quot;Falling into Infinity&quot; somewhat lacking, this CD was a very pleasent surprise. Admitedly, it took a few listens for a few of the songs  to quite click, but now it's pretty much taken up permenent residence in my  CD player. If you don't like long instremental passages, this probably  isn't the CD for you. But if you like great music, good lyrics, and a  storyline that doesn't need to be sumerized in the booklet, give it a try.  You might be pleasently surprised too.
B000000993|5.0|Beautiful. It is impossible to say whether it is better or worse than AEnima or Opiate. Undertow is an excellent album by an incredible band. Tool is amazing, with burning guitars, chilling vocals, and fantastic bass  and drums. They are very talented musically and this album is very deep and  has a lot of meaning (AEnima has even more). From the opening, the sharp  &quot;Intolerance&quot;, to the 10+ minute monster  &quot;Disgustipated&quot;, this album is a must-have.
B000000WF9|5.0|The score stands alone creating its own powerful atmosphere. At first listening it feels as if it practices the same minimalistic feel as Phillip Glass, but the listener soon finds that the depths of the music does reveal  movement.  The music has the swooping melodies like John Berry but a  stronger even more firm hold of the feelings expressed.  The melodies  circulate throughout the album and capture the listener in the sad and  helpless feel, but with a scent of hope hidden inside.  &quot;The  Morrow,&quot; like many soundtracks, is the complete main theme and the  listener is introduced to the other themes as the tracks continue.  The  album feels as if it is one long movement that carries the listener  through. The most complete track is &quot;The Other Side,&quot; which is  the climax of the film, because it has all the melodies thrughout the album  set in this one piece; powerful and moving.  The other tracks also have the  full strong color of music.
630439845X|5.0|The Piano will remain one of the greatest films for years to come. Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin, &amp; Jane Campion all, respectfully, won and deserved Oscars for their work in this fairy tale love story. It is breathtaking,  enchanting, miraculous, and a masterpiece.
B0000029GA|5.0|When I first picked this album up, I didn't have the slightest idea, of what I was about to encounter.  I was aware of this MC's abilities.  But I didn't know that his skills were way above your neighborhood wanna-be, or  for that matter your average &quot;Puppet Rapper&quot;.  He walked into a  studio to record a few songs for him and his boys to chill or rap to.  Not  for a contract, not for fame, not for the glamour.....but for the love.  A  few members of the underground hip hop scene, noticed this prodigy and  decided to put together one of the most creative, influencial, motivating,  and ingenius albums of the decade.  Five stars is not enough for this  extraordinary MC named NAS.
0385484518|5.0|This is a wonderful book. It was much better than the t.v. show. Tuesdays with Morrie and the Mass Market Woman were my two favorite books I read this year. Both made you think about what is important in your life and the  importance of living life fully.
0783237979|5.0|This is truely the greatest musical ever made.  It has drama, lots of fun songs, a wonderful cast line up, beautifully designed costumes, exotic makeup, great dances, wonderful music, and is really fun for all ages.   When you watch this you really do become one with the Jellicle tribe.  You  are taking a journey into a fantacy realm and into the mystical world of  Cats.  It really makes you feel young.  It teaches you the values of  forgivness, and understanding, and that no matter what you may have done in  your life to someone, or vice-versa that one should always forgive.  This  video for a matter of 2 hours plus tells you to let go of the outside world  and all of its chaos, and let your imagination run free.  On the DVD  version you get an added bonus, the behind the scenes of Cats called 'The  Making of Cats.'  They show you old clips of the original London stage  production from 1981, as well as the present.  They have cast interviews,  and a few more tid-bits.  This video has turned the longest running musical  on Broadway and in London, into a global phenomenon.  Experience Cats on  video or on DVD for yourself, and Let the Memory Live in Your Hearts Now  &amp; Forever.
6304994540|1.0|I had no expectations for this movie, as I did not know anything about it beforehand, but it was still a disappointment.  It just seemed to go on forever.  I guess with movies that have no real plot, there can't actually  be much of a natural ending.  It had pointless obscene language and drug  use.  The dialogue was not funny, in fact the characters were so stupid  with their back-and-forth it was frustrating.  Maybe all the pot-smokers  out there will think it's trippy, but if you aren't into that, don't waste  your time on this one.
6300214753|3.0|This movie starts off with the promise of being very satisfying light entertainment. Broderick is undeniably appealing as Ferris, and there's fresh humor in his approach to life and to the viewing audience. However,  as the movie proceeds, it becomes confused about what kind of movie it  wants to be. Ferris seems to stop addressing the audience and the film  shifts incongruously to his friend, who has reluctantly been persuaded to  play hooky and ends up crashing his father's sports car. In a sudden shift  of tone, the friend gives a monologue on his difficult relationship with  his father - is this still a comedy? - and then sort of inexplicably  decides &quot;well, it'll be all right&quot; anyway, without Ferris  uttering a word, and without us finding out what happens when his dad gets  home and finds his car trashed. Meanwhile, the character of the principal  does his best to keep things juvenilely amusing. Ferris does have some fun  in Chicago, climaxing with a parade in which everybody in the city seems to  become excited by his lip-syncing to &quot;Twist and Shout&quot; as if  they've never heard it before - an excellent recording to be sure, but  credit the Beatles for that, not Ferris Bueller. In the end, we get the  suggestion of a highly amusing comedy film that is flawed by its failure to  carry through with its original tone.
B000002JKA|5.0|I have retuned to give my review for the 1994 release of Awake. I remember going to the States for the day in the fall of 1994 and the first store I went to in the Walden Galeria was The Wall It is one awsome music store. I  was looking for the new release and there it was...Awake. When I got home I  was hoping this one was going to be as good as Images&amp; Words. After a  few listenings to this even more unique release, I fell in love! I think  Awake is increadible. The depth of music and Darkness of this C.D. make it  interesting to listen to all the way through. I recommend this release to  all metal and rock listeners. So far I not yet been dissapointed In any  releases by D.T. yet. These guys are musical artists and they will never  die! from your undying fan Steve Bradley.
0385484518|5.0|Yes, Morrie was really a man as warm and wonderful as he sounds. He was truly inspiring and so was this book!
B000031XCR|5.0|Of all of Celine's fantastically amazing ballads, the final track on this &quot;best of&quot; CD has to be her greatest yet. &quot;Live&quot; is a lesson on living, building from a beautiful melody to an Operatic finish  that takes &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; on a run for its money. The  classics are as amazing as they have always been. The news tracks just add  to an already staggering arsenal of magical music. This CD is 100% Celine,  at her best. How nice that she leaves us with nothing but her very best!  Sorry, but there is no one in exsistance that can touch Celine in pure  musical supremacy! Come back to us just as you left, perfect.
0783228317|4.0|i was tripping again.  this film reminded me of some places i've been, and some people i used to know.  it's every bit as good as the book.
B000002I2G|3.0|This album is odd, at best. The failed jazz/orchestra sound makes a number of the songs difficult to listen to. Frankly, songs like &quot;Do It&quot;, &quot;Easy Ride&quot;, &amp; &quot;Runnin Blues&quot; are quite possibly  the worst Doors songs ever. HOWEVER, the remaining songs are extremely  strong! &quot;Soft Parade&quot; in particular is a 9 minute, hard-hitting  jam session with the entire band running on all cylinders. &quot;Wild  Child&quot; is another loud, solid rock- n-roll song as well.  (&quot;Shaman's Blues&quot; ain't bad either)  BOTTOM LINE: It's worth the  buy because the good songs make up for the horrible ones (and you'll know  'em when you hear 'em).
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona has come back to the music scene and is all grown up.  Her lyrics are fresh and have a bittersweet twist.  This will be enjoyable to anyone who can relate.
B000002JEV|5.0|GREAT MUSIC! <br />its an awesome cd to listen to in the car on my long ride home from school
6305609691|5.0|This was the last great film made. There weren't that many before it (&quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; was one). There haven't been any at all since. Let's hope there will be some in the future.
B000031XCR|5.0|This is the BEST cd ive ever heard.  Celine you definitely shined it up REAL REAL GOOODDDD!  I've been a fan of Celine ever since she starred in Titanic!  I 'assume' it was her that was naked.  All these songs bring back  fond memories of Jack...  Celine, my Heart will go on and on for you.  If  that old man can't give you what you want, holla at me.  I love you Celine  and Renetta.
B000002H6C|5.0|And Justice for All is the without a doubt the best written metal album ever by the best metal band ever.  It has been interestiing to watch Metallica's devolution to the Load/RE-Load era. Metallica set the stage for  the heavy metal bands like Korn and Sevendust.  Bad production or not, a  must have for the current fans of Korn, Limp Bizkit, etc.
B00002MZ4W|1.0|After, hearing all the hype surrounding this CD, and seeing it on my Amazon 100 best of the year, I decided to check it out.    And I can safely say this is some of the worst 'music' I have ever heard.  Fionna Apple has  no voice, little writing talent, and absolutly no melody in any of her  songs. All of the songs sound pretty much the same..Bad.    Not a single  good song on this recording. I recommend you save your mony.
B000000OQ5|5.0|I still love to throw this into the player. Although all Tesla's albums are high quality, I believe this to be their best effort.  The biting guitar solos in Cumin' Atcha Live are the standard that the rest of 80's  rock bands tried to achieve.  One of the most underated and unknown bands  in Rock History!  A must have for the rock connoisseur!
B00000AFWW|3.0|While I'm not much of a Hole fan, I must admit this album is fairly good.    I decided to buy it after hearing the beautiful ballad 'Malibu' on the radio.  I was suprised by how many other good songs there are on this CD.  Including the hauntingly beautiful 'Northern Star' and the great  pop-sounding 'Boys on the Radio'.   But be warned as good as this album is,  if you came in expecting the rage driven Hole of the early 90's.. you will  be very disapointed.
B000000OQF|5.0|This CD is it!  It's filled to the brim with killer hits from G'n'R'.  This is the place where you can find all the classic hits that led the late 80s into the killer 90s.  Regardless of the fact that G'n'R' hasn't put out  an album in six years, this album is an anthem for all the metal-heads  around the world!
B00000IPAX|5.0|I own this CD, and I listen to it a lot. It's great. I especially like the song What's My Age again, but thats not the only *Good* song on the CD. All of them are great!
0871137380|4.0|For those armchair quarterbacks who think they know the military way (attention White House), please read this book. The deadly debacle in Somalia is given a human face in this chronicle. It is bloody, bold and  sad. And it really happened. You will see how competing military interests  can cripple an operation. You will realize that technology can only enhance  a battle but not replace the men and basic equipment needed to win that  battle. And you will see courage by the pageful. This should be mandatory  reading for all military officers and noncoms. It is a lessons learned book  and may help prevent some of these mistakes from happening again.  As for  the politicians who like to play soldier with other people's lives, please  read this book before you commit the military where they do not belong and  can not do their jobs without restrictions.
0440219078|1.0|I do not think the book &quot;The Giver&quot; was a good book. I do not like how the community was controlled. The book takes place in the future but  there technology is not any more advanced than today.It was odd how they released the elderly and the newborns.It was heartless how they  released people.I thought it was wrong. It was a somewhat  interesting book  but I DO NOT recommend it.
0440219078|4.0|I thought the Giver is a really good book because it was exciting to read.   This book is about a boy who lives in a perfect world.  He gets the most important job in his community which is Reciever of Memory.  It is his job to keep these memories until a new Reciever is chosen.  I would recommend  this book to read because it is very exiciting.
0440219078|1.0|I do not think the book &quot;The Giver&quot; was a good book. I do not like how the community was controlled. The book takes place in the future but  there technology is not any more advanced than today.It was odd how  they released the elderly and the newborns.It was heartless how they  released people.I thought it was wrong. It was a somewhat  interesting book  but I DO NOT recommend it.
0671004611|4.0|This book is a compelling read that sheds light on how our technology-curve was somewhat skewed by the covert introduction of alien technology.  The systematic way that it was introduced, and the care that  was taken to make sure that foreign adversaries were not aware of the  Roswell artifacts, evolved into a situation in which the government even to  this day has to deny the truth about the Roswell incident.  An interesting  thing to me is that Colonel Corso implies the aliens are not necessarily  friendly.  When you think about it ... during the 1980s when President  Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative was a hot issue, I remember the  President justifying SDI by saying it is much needed in order to defend  against our enemies here on earth and from elsewhere.  It's the 'from  elsewhere' part that is very significant.  I think parts of goverments and  militaries throughout the world are aware there are aliens among us.  This  is a good book that puts into historical perspective why our government has  kept and will continue to keep the truth about the Roswell incident secret.
630451087X|5.0|I'll admit it took me 2 and half screening of this one for me to actually get it.  At first I thought it was just a mood piece, but actually there is a Plot and a coherent narrative, it's just not readily apparent.<br />This may  be Lynch's most literary work and absolutely reaches back to Eraserhead and  Elephant Man for it's approach, but if you could get into the head of  Eraserhead, Naked Lunch, or Videodrome, and make sense of the stories then  this one is only slightly more chalenging.<br />The film doesn't exactly play  fair in many respects, but then again we don't really want Lynch to anyway,  and it never really tells you that this is not an objective narrative.  Figuring out what Lynch is doing and what is being said is difficult and  Dave really makes you work for those nuggets, but thats the fun  here.<br />Again, not a film for everybody but, if you can handle very  subjective cinema, then you've got a chance.<br />Long live the fighters!
B00002EPJH|5.0|Hmm, seems like the last reviewer lost his ears in  a mishap. This is beautiful, subtle, transparent, vulnerable music. The version of &quot;Don't Ever Leave Me&quot; is one of the most delicate and sensitive  meditations on song that I've ever hear. can't wait to hear what's coming  next from Mr. Jarrett.
B000009QOC|5.0|The alumb danzig is two is almost the best in his catalog thought he doesn't surpass the rawness and attitude of the first alumb he come as close as he can to matching it. The best songs off the alumb are snakes,  blood and tears, her black wing, and long way back from hell. The whole  alumb is wroth listening to if you loved the first alumb your going to like  this one just as much.
6304773382|5.0|If you see yourself as a highly refined intelectual this visual rampage is not for you. You will not get it.  You will not understand it.  I suggest you watch Out Of Africa instead. I always get my money's worth when I see  this film and by the way I am quite a bit older then 25!  I loved it just  as much the second time and even caught more of the snappy, firecracker  dialogue that constantly spews with irreverance and grit from the main  character, played unabashedly by Lori Petty. A must see is the stunningly  classic spoof of a traditional '40's show tune which occurs about half way  through the film. Critics beware of the cult revolution building from a  simple little artistic explosion called, Tank Girl!
0553208845|5.0|I first read this book as a teenager and it was truly inspiring. The lessons to learn are profound and this book should be required reading in high school. It still is a great read now that I'm older, but young people  with a good head on their shoulders will gain the most from this fine book.
0440219078|4.0|I've always been a big reader. One of my favorite things to do is read. I've never really liked reading books in class, though. We never get to read any really good books. But my class just finished reading &quot;The  Giver,&quot; and I actually liked it! It was a really great book.  Basically, it was about a perfectly organized community where people's  choices were made for them, from simple decisions like what to wear to  important choices like what career to choose. In the story the actions of a  boy who is chosen to receive memories of the past, where colors and choices  existed. The actions of this boy change everything for the Community. Part  of the reason I liked it was because I've always liked imagining a  community as perfect as the one in the story. It really makes you thankful  for all the things you were lucky enough to have that didn't exist in the  Community. It makes you realize that, hey, we're pretty lucky to have great  things like color and families and the privilege to make our own decisions.  Really, these are very important things. We just don't know how important,  because we experience them every day. &quot;The Giver&quot; tells us that,  and makes us wonder what life would be like in the Community. It opens up a  whole new door of possibilities.
0671004107|5.0|Normally, I don't read fiction, but when the author is Carl Sagan, I stand up and take notice. And Contact is well worth it to. What makes it even better is Sagan's accurate scientific detail that applies to the situation  he is creating, although few people can appreciate this. Much like watching  Star Trek, the scientific inaccuracies don't get in the way of a great  series, but it sure would've enchanced it more!
B000002AS3|5.0|This album is possibly the best debut album ever made - From the superheated, snarling 'Rock n' Roll Star', to the agonised whining intro of 'Slide Away', from the psychadelic torpor of 'Shakermaker' to the stupid,  crazy fun of 'Digsy's Dinner'. Quite simply, a classic. The album that made  Britpop.
0553277472|4.0|I first read this book before I got into motorcycling and didn't fully appreciate the biker situations. Later on in the book it gets silly/confusing with the ghost Phaedrus. Perhaps Pirsig got carried away on  the philosophical angle. He should have kept it simpler and more meaningful  like Hermann Hesse's &quot;Siddhartha&quot;.
B00000HZFP|5.0|I bought this CD months before I saw the show because I'd heard comparisons to David Bowie and the Pixies. The music alone was great, but I love it even more after seeing the show. &quot;The Long Grift&quot; is on  constant repeat mode in my stereo. By an odd coincidence I ended up living  in the Riverview Hotel (which houses the Jane Street Theatre) for about two  months when i first moved to New York, and I heard the show and ran into  cast members every night. This original recording is outstanding, even if  the current production has faltered a bit with the addition of a certain  former brat packer. I do wonder why the song &quot;Random Number  Generation&quot; is on the CD but not in the show. I think it's a great  song and would like to know the context of it in the show. If you're a fan  of rock and roll (not even necessarily musicals), this is a wonderful  addition to your collection.
6302800897|5.0|Some day, I'm going to compile a list of movies to watch when you're bored.  The list will include Hitchcock's &quot;North by Northwest,&quot; &quot;The Godfather,&quot; &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark,&quot; and Otto  Perminger's &quot;Anatomy of a Murder.&quot;<br />The only thing I can think  to say about this movie is that it is wildly entertaining all throughout.   No words can accurately explain the powerful driving force behind such a  movie; perhaps it's the adreneline rush you get from watching the courtroom  scenes, or maybe it's the collection of superb actors, or maybe it's the  fact that each scene was meticulously devised and constructed in the mind  of Perminger (which I'm sure I'm spelling incorrectly) after reading the  book.  I myself have not and maybe I should, but  I'm sure that its content  is almost identical.  <br />In any case, it is realistic and incredibly  well-done.
6304196938|5.0|this is a truly great film. one of hitchcock's best. i hope it will be out on DVD soon. anyone know when that might happen?
B000002UB3|5.0|Ok, so there is a big argument about whether The Beatles revolutionized rock n roll. Some say they are the greatest...others say Stones, Zeppelin. Whatever. There is a saying called the proof is in the pudding. For myself  and myself only Abbey Road is one of the best albums. I don't try to look  for art in this. When I listen to it and by the end feel like it was an  experience over and over again I think the art in it is evident. It is just  a good, solid album that I enjoy listening to. I never get tired of  it...ever. I like every song and for different reasons. Please, don't throw  an exuse at me because it won't change the way I feel every time I listen  to this. I love this album and it is one of my favorites as The Beatles are  my favorite band. Bottom Line.
B00000IPAX|5.0|With a name like &quot;Enema of the State&quot; it makes you wonder what kind of sickness goes on in this album. The truth is this is an excelent album. All the songs are all distinct.The first two singles &quot;What's my  age again?&quot; and &quot;All the small things&quot; are great, and have  been supported by two hillarious videos.The other songs on the album are  all unique, and provide good, clean innocent fun.So when your stressed out  just &quot;BLINK&quot; it all away. Thanks to Tom,Mark, and Travis for  being there for us.
6305627401|3.0|I enjoyed this movie.  I found it funnier, yet it still made valid points about parenting and the rating of movies.  That said, this DVD is very disappointing.  Though the video and sound quality are excellent, almost no  extras were included.  All there is are some trailers for the movie.   Where's a commentary track?  A special on the art creation?  This DVD would  have been a perfect place to have both of this things.  So in the end, you  choice on whether to buy this DVD comes down to what you want.  If you just  want the movie, here it is.  If your looking for a definitive edition with  lots of extras...sorry, but you won't find it here.
B00002E233|5.0|Renny Harlin has crafted an overlooked masterpiece of modern popcorn culture. An extremely satisfying hybrid of old style disaster movie and modern monster shock flick, this picture accomplishes everything I suspect  Harlin set out to do. It's fun, frightening, suspensful and contains THE  single greatest death scene in recent cinema. The cast, contrary to many a  review, fulfil their roles more than capabley. An eclectic (and  international) set of actors all bring credibility to their characters. You  care about these people, you want them to survive this ordeal. As for the  sharks... Walt Conti's animatronic Mako sharks are breathtaking, beautiful  and terrifying. If the CGI incarnations lack believability, it is a minor  gripe. Congratulations and thanks to Renny Harlin. He has created an  absolute cracker of a movie: epic, involving and, most importantly,  cinematic.
0679777547|4.0|Perez Revente does his usual magic for the intelligent if jaded reader.  The threat of devil worship and low-hanging evil is ever present.  The plot's riddle, involving Lucifier, Alexander Dumas and every valuable,  ancient book known to antiquarian bookpersons, is a labyrinth of dead ends,  wrong turns and finally utter confusion.  I could not put this book down.   However, the ending does not match the rest of the book--and maybe it  couldn't--the rest of the book is THAT GOOD.  At times, when reading it  alone at night, I kept looking over my shoulder to see if the devil was  lurking in the shadows.  Have fun...just don't expect the ending to make  you go WOW!
B000001FOS|3.0|When I got this album, I had not heard anything from it. This was my third Yngwie album, my first being Rising Force and Trilogy. Of course, I was expecting something very similar to these recordings. WRONG! Well, it's not  TOTALLY different--the lightning fast alternate and sweep picking lines are  still there--but overall it sounded much more commercial than RF and  Trilogy. Still, a good listen, so I suggest owning it.
6303430570|5.0|I have seen a lot of movies, but no movie is as funny as clerks.  This movie had me laughing so hard I could not stop.  Chasing Amy and Mallrats can not even come close to being as good as this movie.  This movie is very  original and very funny.
0440219078|4.0|I think the giver is a great book for any person over the age of 11.It is most interesting for the 6th and 7th grade.It involves confusing literature,tough vocabulary and a perfect world. This is about a boy named  Jonas who is getting a little disgusted with the way these people live.So  you should read this book and see if you have the same idea as they do for  a perfect world.I think your ideas will differ from theirs!
0552124753|3.0|I enjoyed this book enormously and went on to read the sequal: The Light Fantastic. I was put off by Equal Rites because it doesn't feature Rincewind, but when I eventually read it I went on and read loads of the  series. At the time of reading the book I would have awarded 5 stars, but  now having read the others, I can safely say Pratchett gets better and  better and 3 stars is a comparison to his fantastic and hilarious later  books. The first book is a little too obsessed by the number eight and the  principles of Gods. Pratchett has eased up on the warped Adams / Rankin  style and moved to a simpler and frankly more sane approach that works a  dream. Now, if only Christmas would hurry up and with it a copy of the Lost  Continent and the others...
B00000K2SE|5.0|First time I watched it I had a couple of drinks in me (at the movies), and I thought it was the best movie I had ever seen. I had to prove this by watching it again and, I was right!  Exhilarating from beginning to end.  Easy to get involved in the plot. A plus to have in your personal  collection. Can't wait for the next two sequels to come out...
B000002MU3|5.0|Lots of great songs, quite a bit more like rock than the other albums.  Very few of the songs got old quickly or were boring to begin with. Star 69 and What's the Frequency rank among REM's best songs.
B00000K2SE|5.0|First time I watched it I was drunk (at the movies) and, I thought it was the best movie I had ever seen. I had to prove this by watching it again and, I was right!  Exhilarating from beginning to end. Easy to get  involved in the plot. A plus to have in your personal collection. Can't  wait for the next two sequels to come out...
B000002UA9|5.0|So many volumes of print have been written about the music of the Beatles that it seems almost pointless to write a review about their music.  So I'll try to make this rewiew as personal as possible.  How did (and still  does) their music make me feel?<br />The first Beatles album I ever owned was  _Love Songs_, a mishmash collection of their ballads.  So I heard songs  from all of their periods.  Only later did I invest my precious lunch money  on all their albums.  Please Please Me is simply marvelous.  You can see  how George Martin did not trust John and Paul's songwriting just yet.   Nevertheless, their songs shine as brightly (if not even more so) as the  numerous covers they chose.  My favorites have always been the title track,  one of the most fun and rocking titles ever; and There's A Place, the  wistful, longing lyrics have always held a special place in my heart.  And  the covers are so special that most of them will be remembered for the  versions played by the Beatles on this album, especially Twist and Shout,  one of the best headbanging songs of all time, metal be damned (heh heh).   Maybe the Beatles did not show their uniqueness and talent quite yet, but  the songs remain among the very best ever written or performed.
B000000H5K|5.0|what a cool cd best one they had when max was in the bands nice sound to it and really a enjoyable album a mandatory for any metal fan sepultura rules h.h
0425152251|4.0|this is a fantastic novel. it is a wonder how the author fits thousands of years of philosophy and history in 400 pages. The book was fascinating, and insightful and I finished the novel with a greater understanding of  philosphical thought. Yet, it is less of a novel than it is a textbook. In  fact, many universities do, in fact, use this novel as a textbook. Each  chapter, basically, covers a different historical period or philosopher.  There is a story complementing this comprehensive portrait, but it seems  much less important to the author than his desire to educate us. <br />I love  philosophy - that's why I picked up the book. It's a great book, but it is  a philosophy textbook rather than a novel. There are parts which may bore  you, but most parts are very compelling. It's a good read, but NOT an easy  read! Some may find it dry, others won't be able to put it down. It's a  matter of taste, as is the case with all novels.
6305622825|5.0|Entrapment was edge of the seat action, with the ending a total suprise. Cathrine Zete-Jones was excellent and very beautiful, however, lets face it, Sean Connery was great as an art thief. As for the romance, who  wouldn't fall for Connery? He's georgeous!  In short , the story is great,  the cast is great. You'll enjoy this. P.S. I like letterbox format.
6305127646|4.0|I admit this film could have been a lot better by adding a little more intelligence to the script, to go along with the gadgets and capers.  There were also a few more quirks that I had, but lets not worry about those.   This film was not made to win any oscars or any other awards for that  matter, just to entertain.  Having said that,it is of much higher quality  than those who just set out to entertain.  It is an intruiguing character,  and the settings are very appealing as well.  I hate to have to give this  movie a stars rating.  I would just say that I bought it because it is very  fun to watch, and the subject matter appeals to me greatly.
B000002UD1|4.0|This IS Lennon's craftmanship album, no doubt. And the songs themselves are highly listenable; however, the production is not. The Mind Games songs on Anthology, like the Rock n Roll songs on Anthology, when stripped of the  &quot;wall of sound&quot; that was added in post-production, shine like  rough diamonds. Unfortunately, on this album, Lennon shows an inability to  produce his own work. If this album were totally remixed, it would astound.   Out the Blue, Intuition, Mind Games, You are Here, I Know, and even Tight  A$, are great songs; they're just buried in a muddy mix.
0440219078|4.0|Jonas lives in his community not knowing how wonderful the world could be. As a reciever of memories he slowly gets to know the qualities that a community could have and realizes how boring and miserable the perfectly  controlled community is. Now he tries to find the Elsewhere and wants to  reach a better world. Apart from that, this book leaves open a lot of  questions, for example: &quot;Who created this community?&quot; and the  important one, What happens to Jonas?&quot; Summing up it was an exciting  book and I recommend it to every person of every age.
B000020617|5.0|The new album from the Foo Fighters &quot;There is nothing left to lose&quot;is another hit to go down in history. Dave &amp; the bands awsome &amp; original rifts are only one of the many things they did &amp; have  done best. It was a smart idea to make your own studio &amp; produce it  there Dave.  So in conclusion this new album ROCKS!
B000002ADT|5.0|The word &quot;jazz&quot; reminds many people of either a) elevator music or b) a series of fast, furious, unmelodic and forgettable solos.  Well, this album shatters those perceptions.  I can sing the majority of solos on  this album from memory -- a testament to their melodic beauty and  construction.  (And to think most of the tracks were first takes!)  Even  more important, this music reaches into your soul.  You can feel the  emotion of each soloist running through your body, especially that of  Miles: brooding, slightly melancholy, yet never compromising its  beauty.<br />But alas, music was never meant to be described in words.  Do  yourself a favour and get this record ASAP!
B000002LGQ|5.0|This is definetely Madonna's best album of the 80's. It has everything anyone could want. From the slow ballads Love Song, Promise To Try, Oh Father &amp; Spanish Eyes. The dance tunes, Like A Prayer, Express  Yourself, Till Death Do Us Part, Cherish &amp; Keep It Together. Dear  Jessie is a wonderful dreamy ballad/dance tune. Act Of Contrition is a  short song about Madonna proclaming her faith. If I could buy only one  independant Madonna album, it would be this. Definetly listen to Express  Yourself.
0440219078|2.0|The Giver is a pretty good book to read. I recommend it for advanced readers so that they understand it. It is about a boy named Jonas who has an important job. He is the Reciever of Memory. Jonas recieves memories that his Community never saw. There are a few things that the Community  doesn't have that Jonas saw before. There is one bad part. The book  describes a release. Overall, The Giver is an okay book.
0679601686|5.0|I first read this book when I was about 15 years old, and I loved it.  Even though it took me some time to understand the old english text, the meaning was still there.  Just recently (now I am 18)  I saw the tv mini  series of Pride and Prejudice, and fell in love with it all over again!  You can feel Mr. Darcy's anguish as he watches Lizzie from afar, and you  squirm in your chair knowing that Lizzie despises Darcy because she thinks  that he abhors her.  Mr. and Mrs. Bennet make you laugh, and you can just  feel the embarrassment that the younger sisters bring to the older ones.  This is the most amazing story, and I do not feel that it is in the least  an ordinary one.  It is a hold-your-breath romance with comedy, intrigue, a  little suspense, and coincidence.  A beautiful tale of old English life,  and an easy to love character - Elizabeth Bennet.  This is by far my  favorite story of all time. I recommend to anyone - including younger  people.
B000020617|2.0|It's a cryin shame that one of the last remaining true rock and roll bands are quickly spiraling into sappy pop schmaltz ala the Goo Goo Dolls.  The first two cuts are vintage Foo and rock, but after that, it's a snoozer.   Mainstream MTV adicts will love this, but rockers look elsewhere, namely  the Hellacopters, Unida, and High on Fire.
B000006TNS|5.0|The Fat of the Land is the single greatest disc on the market. Having Experiance with playing the synthisizer I can tell how Liam spiced sounds and rythms together giving the music incredible depth. A must have for any  music collection!
B000002HRE|2.0|Metallica WAS my favourite band .That is until the released the LOAD, RELOAD series!  If I could ,I would give a different name on the bands name on their two last &quot;junk &quot; albums.<br />Is not the fact that the  music is not good.Is simply not a Metallica sound.Its softer , lighter ,  with less and less meaning (deep meaning)<br />From their oldest albums like  &quot;master of puppets &quot; or &quot;ride the lightning&quot; Metallica  had created a legend , a status , and now they are just trying to destroy  it by creating this kind of mixted up -confused -meaningless -with no grace  albums.<br />If I was a member of the band  and I would like to continue  produce records , I would change the name from Metallica to something  else.Its a Sin to use the same name on these LOAD RELOAD stuff.<br />For  regular bands this would be a great album.For metallica Its way below  medium, and way out of track.<br />If you are a real fan of Metallica , dont  buy anything having the word &quot;load&quot; or&quot;reload &quot; on it  !
B000000993|5.0|Tool is amazing. They write complex, emotional music, never sound corny, and they can flat-out run a chill down your spine. This particular album is more of a straight rock approach to their brand of music, as opposed to the  heavy distortion of nima. It's tough to comapre the two albums because of  this difference, but one thing I can pick out is that I like the bass  better on Undertow. It is used to great effect; one example of this is on  &quot;Intolerence&quot;, where the bass keeps the flow of the song  together, allowing the guitar to play more complicated and varied riffs.  The vocals by Keenan are simply astounding : he can sing soft and  beautifully, and conversely go all out and yell. During all of the yelling,  however, he never sounds untalented; he is able to keep the high quality of  his voice. That's very rare to find these days. And last but certainly not  least, Danny Carey's heart-pounding drums are able to pick a song up from a  slow melody to all out rage and then slow it back down again. If they  continue on the path that Undertow and nima have beaten out for them,  their new album (which is rumored to have been in production since October  '99) will be something special indeed.
0446525537|3.0|I have to say that Nicholas Sparks is one of my favorite authors.  A Walk to Remember was a wonderful story, but lacked on some level, the emotion put forth in The Notebook and Message in a Bottle.  It is definitely worth  reading, don't get me wrong, but don't expect the same reaction you had  with the other two.
B000003BDJ|5.0|From start to finish it never lets up. Really great. Satisfaction...Mother's Little Helper...Brown Sugar...Wild Horses. 5-stars.<br />If you really want a revelation, compare these tracks to those  released during virtually the identical time period by the Beatles on the  Red Album (1962-1965) and the Blue Album (1966-1969). It becomes very  evident that the Rolling Stones come out on top. They are the World's  Greatest Rock n' Roll Band!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This band is *so* much more than the bands they are lumped in with. It's good that people who love disposable pop are also wowed by this duo; however, they have a depth, a seriousness, and an intelligence that  elevates them far above their contemporaries. They may have the pop-appeal  of a boy-band, but they have the artistic force of a Crowded  House.<br />Savage Garden will be played and revered long after Backstreet  Boys and their kind have been sent to the Great Bargain Bins in the Sky.
B0000067L2|5.0|This is truly a super album, released by a genuine breakthrough group in the late 60s, and contains some great tracks. I admire Eric Clapton as a musician, and have always found his early work with Cream the most  appealing. While many people point to the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper as the  psychedelic album of the 60s, Cream goes beyond cover art in that regard.  This is one of the best albums of the 1960s, along with &quot;Are You  Experienced&quot; and &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;. 5-stars.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I first stumbled on Slipknot while I was digging through the USED section of my local music store.. For about $1 I picked up their first album &quot;Mate. Feed. Kill. Repeat.&quot; and they ROCKED!  With this new  self-titled album,, they still ROCK! Ya gotta dig the phat guitars  rhythms... these guys show how metal is done without sounding cheezy or  overdone.. If you like Korn,, you'll like Slipknot..
B000002U8G|5.0|I discovered Meddle five years ago and was simply floored by it.  The one song I was familiar with was One Of These Days, which is as a favorite of mine, is a menacing and hypnotic work of art.<br />Pillow Of Winds is a dreamy  and lush song, Fearless is a song that hints at things to come in Roger  Waters lyric writing. San Tropez, on first listen sounds like a throw away,  but it's a nifty little jazzy song that shows a another side to the band.  Seamus has it's own story.  David Gilmour, looking after Steve Marriott's  dog Seamus who was trained to howl upon hearing the blues. Gilmour and his  bandmates were in the studio late one night and rather &quot;stoned&quot;,  had some fun as they broke into a simple 12 bar blues bit..and Seamus  joined right in...a throwaway song but one can only imagine the scene in  the studio.<br />Echoes is a stunning masterpiece. This 23 minute epic was  uniquely concieved. Composed of several sessions of them playing out  individual musical elements and themes and then bringing them together.  Filled with dreamlike and nightmarish atmospheres, it's a etheral musical  netherworld. David Gilmour, Roger Waters, Rick Wright &amp; Nick Mason  finally established themselves with this groundbreaking album.
B00000JJQK|3.0|Now I am a fan of all music and so I bought Pet Sounds with great expectations. What I got was a nice CD but nothing I would call extravagent. I mean &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; &quot;God Only  Knows&quot; and &quot;Sloop John B&quot; are all good songs, but I mean I  don't agree it is the best of the 60s (but then again that is just  opinion). There is a lot of arguments about The Beatles not being a real  band and just studio musicians. All I can tell you is that when I sit down  and listen to Sgt. Pepper or Abbey Road or Revolver I feel the music and it  touches me it makes me feel good and Pet Sounds didn't do that to me. The  Beatles are my favorite band, but I'm not knocking The Beach Boys or Brian  Wilson. It's like comparing Playground Basketball to the NBA. Sorry Brian.
B000002C1X|5.0|The Wall, inspired by the experiences of Roger Waters is truly a dark masterpiece of Rock music.<br />This album's storyline: about a troubled rock star whos scarred psyche finally gets the best of him. The death of his  father, overbearing mother, opressive schoolteachers, fractured marriage,  alienation from his music and his fans combined with drug usage leads him  into a dark journey through his isolation and the numerous demons that  continue to haunt him.<br />The Wall is truly a musical masterpiece, filled  with explosive and subtle songs that tell the story of &quot;Pink  Floyd&quot; and his descent into a madness that only he can climb out from.  Roger Waters who developed the story which stemmed from his alienated  experience of Floyd's overwhelming stadium tour of 1977. <br />Waters, with  David Gilmour and producer Bob Ezrin create a unforgettable musical journey  that is searingly dark yet filled with universal human emotions. Another  Brick In The Wall pt 2, Mother, Goodbye Blue Sky, Young Lust, Hey You,  Comfortably Numb, Run Like Hell and The Trial are the standout songs that  make up the ambitious story.<br />The accompanying film does a excellenct job  in capturing the nightmarish journey that &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; puts  himself through. However bleak and depressing the story may be, there is  powerful message of fighting through one's pain and not giving in to the  demons that will lead one on to better days ahead.
0812589041|5.0|I read this book a few years ago and immedatly desided to by the hardcover version.  The plot is suburb and the characters involving.  I haven't read a lot of science fiction books but this was one that I really liked.  A  wonderful book that I would recomend to anyone who likes a good read.  I  would also recomend Ender's Shadow as a great novel that expands on your  understanding of the world Ender lives in.
B00003003R|5.0|OK, so I've read all the other reviews and the only thing that is obvious is the disappointment with a fair amount of songs that were left of the double cd.  I would love to have seen a box set with maybe five cd's.  An  anthology of sorts.  But that does not retract from the fact that we have  here a truly brilliant compilation of raw GnR to a more refined GnR.  Truly  great a must for any fan.
B00000K32K|5.0|It appears that, at least for the moment, Michael Flatley has found a niche that he is comfortable with and that he intends to carve ever deeper.  He accomplishes that purpose handsomely with Feet of Flames.  <br />Much of  the material in this show is taken directly from Lord of the Dance, but  there are a number of impressive additions, including a spectacular combat  dancing sequence near the end.  Feet of Flames maintains the Celtic slant  established by its predecessor and is powerfully performed by a dynamic  group of dancers, spearheaded by Flatley's magnificent work.<br />The video  itself is far superior to Lord of the Dance in that the constant cut-aways  and angle changes have been largely done away with.  The production quality  is superb and the music breathtaking, particularly in surround sound or  with a sub-woofer.  <br />As with Lord of the Dance, there is a raw, sensual  feel to Feet of Flames that adds to the inherent excitement of Irish Dance.   Flatley's flamboyant interpretations and variations on classic moves add  to the visual impact.<br />From start to finish, this is an outstanding  entertainment event.
0440219078|4.0|I personally don't like such typs of books, but the Giver which I read at school is an exception. The well described world in which Jonas lives is an reason for that. The  other reason is the open ending so that everyone can  choose his own end. What I don't like is that the inhabitants of the  community don't realize what happened with them. In my opinion it is a book  that every pupil should have read during his schooltime.
0790729725|4.0|After Godfather I and II, Goodfellas has to be the best &quot;mob&quot; movie out there.  But I was disappointed in the DVD for one BIG reason.  I had to flip the damn thing over halfway through the movie!  I stayed away  from laserdisc for this very reason.  C'Mon Warner Brothers!   There is no  reaon that this couldn't have been created as a dual-layer DVD.  I'd even  spend a couple extra bucks for it.
B000002L82|4.0|Vinyl is really the best medium for this, not least because the CD edition botches one of the greatest album covers of all time.  Of course, the CD-only inclusion of the classic, groundbreaking &quot;Blue Monday&quot;  somewhat makes up for this.<br />Far from the best New Order album, but in  some ways the most prescient.  In 1983, who else would have made a  synth-based, vocal-less song called &quot;Ecstacy&quot;?
0783222734|4.0|Perhaps it is wrong to judge a movie by the book that inspired it,  but in this case it is necessary.  I have seen some movie adaptations that stray 'some what' from the original source material but this is ridiculous.<br />In  short,  about the only thing the two have in common is the names of the  characters and the fact that there are dinosaurs in both of them.  The  characterizations are all different.  The relationships are different.  And  any minor characters who died in the book lived in the movie,  and vice  versa.<br />However the movie is good for what it is,  a special effects  showcase that highlights the moment when computers completely took over the  effects business.  It was an evolutionary step that originated with TRON,   had it's adolescence in the Abyss and Terminator 2,  and came to complete  maturity with that Brachiosaur walking in front of Sam Niell and company.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Whoever wrote the editorial review must have listened to a different concert because the Unplugged version is incredible.  I've seen Alanis in concert three times and every time-as well as on this CD-she moves me with  her words and the emotion she puts into every song she sings.  I will  treasure this album as I have the others.  The flawless style of Alanis  Morissette is represented by this compilation of music.
0201485672|5.0|I have worked in IT for 10 years. This is the first book that I have referred to on a near daily basis.  Much of what is contained in the book I either know instinctively or have learned through experience, however the  author sums up perfectly what this book is about in the  introduction.<br />'When I want to do something...the catalog reminds me how  to do it in a safe, step-by-step manner'<br />Every programmer should have  this book on their desk
0552131067|4.0|Mort was the first Discworld novel I read - it just happened to cross my path and I had nothing better to do. Actually, I'm no friend of sf, but it made me literally fall out of bed laughing. Now I'm hooked and am reading  my way through the entire Discworld series. By the way - I peeked into the  German edition of a Pratchett (that I had read in English) when I was  visiting a friend and had nothing to read with me, but I was really  disappointed. I reread the same passages later in English - they were as  good as ever. The translations are just not as full of bubbly humour,  laughs and sarcasm as the original versions! Keep it up, Terry, but watch  out for lousy translations!
B00003000M|5.0|Being a serious Marley fan I was hoping this CD wouldn't take away from Bob's genius. I'm very satisfied with this album, the grace of Bob isn't covered up, it's emphasized with today's artists. My favorites....Rebel  Music with Krayzie Bone, Johnny Was, I appreciate the reference to 2pac at  the end of the song, and Turn Your Lights Down Low with Lauryn Hill. If you  are even a casual fan of Bob Marley or even if you don't know Bob, you need  to buy this CD!
078401115X|4.0|Being a huge Fan of the stars Mickey and Robert, I knew I'd enjoy watching this but I enjoyed it for an entirely different reason.. The brilliantly dark script. This film is not very eager to please, it is as if it is  purposely trying to weed out it's less interested audience. It has a slow  pace, but at the same time it keeps you very interested by making you feel  like there is always something around the corner. I has a wonderful ending  that you simply can't see coming and (of course) the acting is supurb. P.S.  Anyone who doubts Mickey Rourke as an Actor should see this film.
B000004286|5.0|The fine mixture of Scotish panpipes and orchestras definately makes my skin crawl! You don't even have to see the movie to enjoy this album. Buy it if you haven't already!
B000002U84|5.0|FROM START TO FINISH, RIO RULES. ALL TEEN IDOL HYPE ASIDE. DURAN DURAN WERE EXCELLENT SONGWRITERS AND MUSICIANS. THAT'S WHY THEY STILL HAVE A CAREEER (YOU HEAR THAT, KAJAGOOGOO?).
B000000WCX|3.0|The frightening, ghostly brand of spaced-out rock which has defined Bowie in the 90s was best represented by 1995's 'Outside'. At once ethereal and industrial, the formula worked with Bowie's big, dramatic stylings.  'Outside' was one of his better efforts in years.<br />'Earthling' is the  natural evolution of Bowie's industrial forray - to where else but  electronica could the relentless, mechanical tempos arrive? The layered,  dense instrumentation of 'Outside' has been replaced, or usurped, by a  supremely dark cocktail of synthesized beats, blips and riffs. Reeves  Gabrel's guitar mastery is almost overshadowed by the electronic elements,  which threaten to drown out otherwise interesting tracks 'telling lies' and  'dead man walking'.<br />Among the album's best tracks, 'battle for britain  (the letter)' encapsulates the surreal, energetic sense of drama which  makes Bowie great: &quot;on a better day i'll take you by the hand and walk  you through the doors / don't you let my letter get you down&quot;. 'dead  man walking' recalls the chilly, glamorous futurism of 'Outside's 'hallo  spaceboy'.<br />Unfortunately, one can't help but wish to hear these tracks  without the synthesized accents. While promoting 'Earthling', Bowie  performed many of these songs live with a compliment of instruments similar  to those used on 'Outside' - they sounded incerdible. The techno effects on  'Earthling' are interesting, but ultimately, they feel like a distraction.
B00000J7I3|4.0|WHILE NOT ENTIRELY FLAWLESS (BUT PRETTY DAMN CLOSE), YOU STILL COULDN'T ASK FOR A BETTER FIRST ALBUM FROM ANY ROCK 'N ROLL BAND. IT'S STILL A GREAT LISTEN, ESPECIALLY IN THESE POLITCALLY CORRECT TIMES. TO FAST FOR LOVE!
B000002U9E|5.0|How can one person produce two utter masterpieces on the trot? After Kate's work of dark genius, 'The Dreaming', it seemed that a zenith had been reached. But astonishingly Kate bettered it with 'Hounds of Love', her  fifth studio album, recorded mainly at her home studio in deepest  Kent.<br />The album is a two part affair. The first five tracks are  stand-alone, the other seven tracks form a single conceptual piece - 'The  Ninth Wave'.  There is no point trying to identify 'standout' tracks on  this album - suffice to say that as a whole it represents Kate's finest  work to date.<br />In 'The Ninth Wave', Kate's sampling and soundscaping  skills conspire to produce a piece so breathtaking and atmospheric, it  simply defies belief.  Macbeth, church bells, whistles, helicopters,  fiddles, pipes, narrations, choirs, demons, violins, synthesisers,  seagulls, cellos, handclaps, astronauts, Irish jigs, mediaeval riddums,  crashing waves, Indian wailing, voice distortions, submarines, poetry,  radio static, roaring rowboat men and didjeridoos - all human life  contained herein. This piece will leave your heart racing, and your mouth  dry as stone.<br />If all that wasn't enough, the first five tracks on the  album are equally astounding, and somewhat cunningly lull the listener into  a sense of calm, but with a hint of uneasiness. Then your unsuspecting  emotions are completely ripped to shreds by the heartwrenching sonic  maelstrom which follows.<br />Many people call Kate Bush a genius. That word  is not to be used lightly, but in this instance it is thoroughly deserved.  'Hounds of Love' was a monumental undertaking. It took over three years to  complete, such was its complexity. The end result was an album that is  dramatic, ambitious, moving and wildly, unashamedly, beautifully romantic.
B000002L6P|5.0|MADONNA'S BEST ALBUM IS A POP MASTERPIECE FROM START TO FINISH. THE FACT THAT SHE APPROACHES WHAT WOULD NORMALLY BE SAFE SYNTH-POP WITH SUCH A ROCK 'N ROLL ATTITUDE IS WHAT MAKES SONGS LIKE MATERIAL GIRL AND LIKE A VIRGIN  SUCH CLASSICS.
6305627401|5.0|WOW, I was shocked.  When I heard about this movie, it sounded stupid, but I went to see it and I laughed so hard I almost $h!t my pants.  It was very funny, it shows how much kids curse today and how seeing movies helps  educate kids since parents don't want to say anything to them.  Great movie  with all of your fav. south park characters.
0380778556|5.0|It may begin slowly, but Rebecca is a terrific book that one should not go without reading. It is the captivating story of a young, rather poor girl  marrying a forty year old, extremely wealthy man. The girl thinks her  life with Mr. DeWinter will be nice and (although she wants some  excitement) rather quiet. However, she soon realizes that a terrible secret  looms over Manderley (Mr De Winter's mansion). A must read!
0385484518|5.0|I found &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; about a year ago, heaped on a bargain table outside a Walden's Book Store in Pennsylvania while I was waiting for my daughter and son-by-marriage to finish their great hunt to  take books back to Germany where they make their home.  I had, of course,  heard Albom's story and eagerly began reading the book from the back to the  front.  Who knows why?  Quickly, I saw that I had to begin at the  beginning.  What a delightful, insightful journey!  Morrie and Mitch  touched my heart by their ability to find comfortable places in each  other's hearts and by their unabashed openness and willingness to share  with strangers.<br />Before we left Walden's, Morrie became my mentor, too.   He gave me the idea that the sooner you learn what's important, the sooner  you start doing what's important.  That motivated me to drop off the fringe  stuff and concentrate on the core projects.  <br />Morrie and Mitch left me  with the belief that one of the gifts each one of us has to give the planet  is our open hearts.<br />Every single person on the planet needs to read  Morrie for what Morrie can tell each one about himself or herself.
0784010188|5.0|There can be no doubt that this film is Schwarzenegger at his absolute best.  I recently saw &quot;End of Days&quot; and it pales in comparison to this classic.  The combination of DVD and THX digitally mastered sound is  beyond belief.
B000001EGA|5.0|ive been a john fan for years. i own 41 of his cds and ablums. and to listen to captain fantastic is just one good thing about eltons music. every song on the cd or abl has a meaning.he and berine t done their best  together on this. i would tell anyone that is true fan of ELTONS get this  youll enjoy it for a life time.One of the best.thanks from tupelo ms.
6305263248|5.0|For almost two decades, most movie car chases are idiotic.  Save for a few exceptions, seen one, seen them all.  Everybody just tries to copy The French Connection, anyway, right?  I have often wondered if film students  take a class on car chases and are forced to watch The French Connection  over and over again.  Well, Ronin, on top of being a very good, well  produced and acted film, also has the distinction of having one of the best  car chase sequences ever on film.  The enhanced visuals and sound that DVD  offer make it that much more enjoyable.  If you are a big fan of car  chases, buy this DVD.  If you are not, this film may convert you.
B000002MTU|5.0|Any bad review for this album, boggles my imagination. Some people complained that Eric was too laid back in the 70's, and he strayed too far from his blues roots in the 80's. Here is an album that is all blues, and  his guitar work his full of fire and extremely intense especially on Five  long years and Groaning the blues. Some people critisize this album because  they say he copied the artists, or he came off fake due to his vocals.  Though I do agree that at times his vocals seem labored, its only on 1 or 2  songs, and once he hits the guitar it doesn't matter anymore. In terms of  copying, if you know anything about the man, you know that any blues song  or cover he does, he puts his own unique spin on it. This album is a great  album and nobody who is a true fan of EC should be without it!
B000002AS3|5.0|While What's The Story, Morning Glory is where I first really caught up with Oasis, I liked it so much I picked up a copy of Definitely Maybe.  I may be in the minority on this, but I think it's better than their later  work.  I don't care about all the accusations of being derivative, what  matters is that I can't remember the last time I heard a really great rock  and roll album by someone from somewhere besides Seattle.  This is it.   &quot;Cigarettes &amp; Alcohol&quot;, &quot;Shakermaker&quot;, and  &quot;Supersonic&quot; are great songs and the whole album just sounds  terrific.  Play this CD as loud as possible.
B0000067L4|4.0|This album is worth 4 stars just for the live tracks and Badge(The most melodic track in Cream's history) alone. Though I do agree that the other 2 studio tracks are pretty weak, it really doesn't matter, because the live  tracks and badge are so good that when you talk about this album the other  songs are just an afterthought. Don't be hesitant to buy it just because of  the last 2 songs its worth it for the other ones.
B000005HLV|4.0|Any fans of black metal looking for a band with black hearts need look no further:  this band is the blackest of them all.  While none of them would receive above an F- in Music Theory class, they create a very foreboding  and spooky bleak form of black metal unlike any other.  Unlike their  contemporaries Satyricon, who have a more folksy influence, and Emperor,  who occassionally would add some tinges of lighter air to their music,  Mayhem are all black, all the time.  An entirely different project than  their first album, Deathcrush (featuring excellent tunes like Necrolust,  Deathcrush, Carnage....), this album is straight black metal with many  layers.  Occasionally it tends to get somewhat repetitive, but...I'm in  love with this album.  It's the blackest black can be, a terrifying black  metal album with strange yet somewhat gratifying vocals by Attilla.  This  band is one of black metal's best.
B0000067L3|5.0|I know its been said thousands of times, but that song gets me everytime. Spoonful is also a masterpiece in improvisation. People who call it boring just don't understand. Try taking a 6 minute some day and turning it into  16 minutes, I really doubt you could do it. I do feel that Toad is a tad  long, though for the first 10 minutes or so I marvel in it. The only really  bad song on here is Pressed Rat and Warthog on the first disc, but other  than that its all good(Real good)-get it if you love real rock n' roll not  this pop garbage of today(and I am only 22 so I'm not some old guy trying  to revel in the past)
6305126062|4.0|If you're expecting a movie about a horse, then you will be about 30% correct. If you're expecting a movie about a horse whisperer, you will be 30 % correct. If you're expecting a movie about a family with problems that  have to be worked out, you will be 40 % correct. If you're expecting a  great movie no matter what, you will be 100% correct. It's not one of the  best, and not one you can watch over and over again, but it is pretty  amazing. The acting is wonderful, too.
B0000203YT|5.0|This film was beautifully written. Not like some shakespearian movies where you can not understand them at all. I fell in love with the characters from the beginning of the movie. The music and the wonderful  scenery were breathe taking. It captured my full attention from beginning  to end and I highly recommend anyone to rent or buy this video I sure will  be buying it for my own movie collection. Give this a two thumbs up.
B0000214F2|5.0|Robin Williams gives an outstanding performance. It's touching, funny, and a whole lot cleaner than most movies today. Someone said that this movie showed people being murdered, blaspheming God, and showed you how to have  sex. None of this is true. A girl *is* murdered, but you don't see anything  at all and don't even know that until way after it happens. She is murdered  by a severely insecure man who then kills himself, but you don't see this  or even see their bodies afterwards. God is not really blasphemed, but  there is one part where Patch sits on a cliff and talks to God about why  things had to happen that way, and he considers commiting suicide. But this  doesn't happen. And for the life of me I have no idea where they showed or  even mentioned sex! The absolute closest thing to that would be at the end  when he graduates from medical school... I don't want to give it away  because it is hilarious, but don't worry, it's not dirty or nasty. I  wouldn't recommend you watch it in front of very very sensitive children,  because naturally since it is set in hospital life, there are a couple  deaths and serious moments. But there's nothing really bad about this  movie. Anyway, after setting that straight: This is one of the greatest  movies of all time. It's not one you can watch over and over and over  again, as I like to do with most movies, but set viewings several months  apart and you will enjoy this movie a lot. ;) It is a life-changing  experience.
B000003S5H|5.0|I got this CD yesterday and listened to it over and over again the entire night.  The music is calming, yet energetic.  It has new and old sounds mixed to keep listeners interested. It is perfect for listening to at home  or in the car on the way home from a night out.  There is so much to hear,  you can listen to it 50 times and still catch new sounds.
6305177473|5.0|I am a big fan of both the new version, and original version, but I do think the newer one has some better points than the older one. For one thing, I think it has better acting- Lindsey Lohan does a great job of  making it sound real, and I don't think Hayley Mills really had such a  great ability in that area at that age. I think it's the same thing with  Natasha Richardson and Maureen O'Hara: while Maureen O'Hara was beautiful  and is a good actor, I think that her lines sound too  &quot;planned-out,&quot; while Natasha Richardson makes it sound  spur-of-the-moment, like it is in real life. As far as Dennis Quaid and  what's-his-name: I think they're equal. Not that the women in the newer  version are better actors than he is, but that the older one is just a good  actor all-together. Besides the acting: I think the tricks that the girls  play on each other are more fun and entertaining than the older version,  except of course for the dress-at-the-dance trick: you know what I'm  talking about! So if you enjoyed the older version at all, I think you'll  love this version even more like I did.
B000002BQK|5.0|This cd from maraih is good in a lot of ways. The first way is that it takes her style into hip/hop and r+b even more while still keeping ballads and free-flowing pop songs. Second is the duets she did. The one with Bone  thugs and Harmony is her best rap duet period!  Bone has harmoney and with  mariah they came together as if they were one on this track. Then theres  the club interludes and the remake of a song by prince with prince that is  one of her best makeovers ever. She just gave the song more of a ballad  sound but still keeps the slow-rock vibe going. People diss her and say she  has no talent, or style and that she should wear more. What people don't  see is that this cd is Mariah waking up to a new life where she can do what  she wants without caring about who gets offended by her not doing what they  want her to do. She might have different(less) clothes , and might have  changed her sound...but she looks good! Her voice is powerful and knows how  to make the hits. I didn't listen to her latest one yet...but I heard mixed  things. Mariah been wearing short stuff from the time of her first album if  u look at the cover...so it shouldn't be such a suprise to some. <br />If you  are looking for all the things I just said....whether your a fan or  non-fan, R+B, hip/hop, pop, or Ballad music lover ...then get  this! <br />Mariah shows that as long as u have the talent...u can do anything  with it and make it work....sometimes even better than the first time.
0395389496|5.0|I am a teacher of young children and can not wait until Christmas each year to share this book with them.I cry the first time that I read it each year. It gives you such a warm feeling inside when you read it.The  cassette, narrated by William Hurt, makes the book so real and wonderful.It  brings back fond memories of when my boys were small children.
B000002AV5|5.0|This is the best of sade on one cd. It's been a while since she put out anything new .....but this cd is still good. Songs like &quot;Love is stronger than pride&quot;, &quot;Your love is king&quot;, &quot;sweetest  tabbo&quot;, &quot;cherish the day&quot;, &quot;Kiss of life&quot;...are  enough to get this alone. This is good study music, romancing music,  chillin, and relaxing music. This one is a classic and if u never heard  about sade then this is the one to get. Her voice is serene but still gets  in your head like a migrane and just makes u relax, laid back, and  cool.<br />If u want to feel all these things i'm talking about...The best  thing to do is grab this sade cd and just find out.
630398021X|4.0|I happened upon this movie two years ago on HBO, loved it, and have watched it on a regular basis ever since. I dig the futuristic qualities about it, as 2000 is a mere 17 days away. I thought Ralph Fiennes, and  Angela Bassett were great as the leads, although my patience with Juliette  Lewis wore thin very early on. If you're into dark, futuristic, action  packed movies, this one is for you!
B000002H33|5.0|probably,the best thrash-metal album ever made. full,thick sound,you shouldn't miss it even if you are not a fun of metal music... brilliant
B00000K2SC|5.0|This was the BEST movie.  I must have seen it 3 times in the theaters and about 12 times on DVD.  They wear vinyl through the whole thing, you can't go wrong.  And they are just so cool!  Anyway, I loved it, everyone I know  loves it, and I know you'll love it too.  Yeah black vinyl!
0964385619|5.0|This was probably one of the most incredible books I have ever read.  It takes you into the mind set of how the truly wealthy people think. Once you pick it up you simply will not be able to put it down.  Warning*  This book  will make you angry for in reading it you will realize how grossly you have  been misled by todays society. I'll admit to even feeling a little betrayed  by our entire educational system. After you get over your feelings of  anger, however, you will feel elation at the fact that anyone can become  rich in this country if they are willing to change their way of thinking.   Read this book.  Your life will never be the same.
B00002Z88D|3.0|Really liked tunes but some damn sympnony is playing. Kind of makes it like a mix of metallica nd symphony. Would have been better if they played alone
B000000WCV|5.0|Noone could make techno-music as funky as Daft Punk. Amidst the desert of electronic junk there are some real jewels and this CD is undoubtedly on of them. Turn it on on Friday evening, turn it off on Sunday night, be happy:)
B00000AFFF|2.0|I've tried to listen to this CD on a daily basis hoping it would grow on me, but nothing sprouted. I am a big fan of Burt Bacharach's music but I'm afraid his well has gone dry. The only memorable, outstanding song on this  CD is the last one. God Give Me Stength is brilliant! Typical Bacharach  melody with great lyrics by Costello. All the other tunes seem to fade away  from my memory. Bacharach has a gift for writing catchy melodies, but  there's nothing catchy about this collection. I wish I could say something  more positive about it, but compared to so much of Bacharach's excellent  work in the past, this CD is a big disappointment.
B0000028M7|5.0|&quot;Them Bones&quot; is one of my all time favorite jams.   &quot;Rooster&quot; is one of my favorite tunes of the decade (The harmony vocals are incredible! ) I feel that this album will stand the test of time  because of the music and Layne Staley's autobiographical lyrics.
0790741520|4.0|Executive Decision is one of those rare action films that offers an intelligent plot and good characters while avoiding the lapses of violence and excess that are often typical of the genre.  The makers of Executive Decision ensure that the movie does not degenerate into a story that  revolves around one dominating ego.  What makes Executive Decision a great  movie is that it gives us an ensemble of characters who suddenly find  themselves in a situation that forces them to be more than they ever  thought possible.  Kurt Russell, in a fine departure from past macho roles  like Snake Plisken, is a deskbound analyst who unexpectedly finds himself  coming up face to face with a terrorist whom he previously studied in the  safety of his cubicle.  John Leguizamo acquits himself well as the gung-ho  Rat, who finds the burden of command thrust upon him, and learns that he must balance his desire to charge into the fray  with patience and planning.  Oliver Platt, as the engineer Cahill, perhaps  finds himself witht the most daunting task, disarming the bomb under the  guidance of the paralyzed Cappy (Joe Morton).  The always lovely Halle  Berry, as the stewardess Jean, also gives us the character of an ordinary  person finding the courage to be brave in an extraordinary situation.   David Suchet as the villain Nagi Hassan, plays his character with the  proper level of creepy calculation.  Arab-Americans have condemned  Executive Decision as promoting stereotypes of Arabs as evil terrorists,  but I do not think that the charge is warranted.  When Nagi's right hand  man realizes that Nagi's plan was not to free their leader but to make a  suicidal bombing attack on the United States, he condemns Nagi, saying  &quot;This has nothing to do with Islam!&quot;   My only complaint with  this film is having Kurt Russell's character, who is taking flying lessons  at the beginning of the movie, land the jet airliner after the pilots are  killed.  I couldn't help but think of Robert Hays in Airplane with buckets  of sweat pouring down his face while Robert Stack cajoles him from the  tower and Lloyd Bridges declares that he picked the wrong week to stop  sniffing glue.  Aside from this minor lapse into absurd excess, Executive  Decision is an intelligent action thriller with a great cast.  It is one of  the most treasured movies in my video library.
B000002TQV|5.0|Without a doubt this is one of the best, if not THE best album of the '90s. However, I think this record ranks up their with the best rock albums of all time, e.g. Sgt. Pepper, Dark Side of the Moon,  to name a few. It's  a smorgasboard of ballads (High And Dry), Straight ahead rockers (Bones,  The  Bends) and mood pieces (Bulletproof, Street Spirit).  A must for any  rock n roll fan.
B000001FY9|5.0|This is total greatness from beginning to end. What more can you say about songs as amazing as &quot;Get Up, Stand Up&quot; and &quot;Redemption Song&quot;? The only problem I have with it is that the more powerful full  length version of &quot;Exodus&quot; wasn't used.
0345298349|4.0|This very engrossing book is both an interesting detective story and an interesting insight into Soviet life in Moscow at a certain time in the near past. By setting what would otherwise be a traditional murder mystery  (with some traditionally current grotesque elements) in Moscow, Martin Cruz  Smith is able to introduce a host of fresh elements into a tired genre. The  Russian hero has a whole different set of personal and professional  concerns than would his New York counterpart, and the characters and  situations encountered are likewise different, strange and interesting  because new to this type of fiction. Finally, the basic plot - the nature  of the murder and the crime's solving - are totally dependent on the Moscow  setting.<br />Great stuff. A real original and highly recommended for anyone  wanting something different from the same old stuff.
B000021XS0|5.0|The first time I listened to Dream Theater's latest offering I was a bit disappointed. I thought the band was going a bit too far into the Liquid Tension mode. On the second listen I arrived at the last track and was  quite spooked by what I was hearing. I immediately logged off of Mike  Portnoy's chat room and actually opened up the nice little insert with the  lyrics and read as the storyline played out. What I discovered is that  Scenes From A Memory maybe the most intense album I have ever heard. I  really enjoy the way these guys can make the music as emotional as words.  Portnoy does his best work here on the skins, Petrucci and Myung are rock  solid like always and LaBrie's vocals are unmatched by anyone. New  keyboardist Jordan Rudess plays excellent piano though I kinda miss Derek  Sherinian's synth technique. As usual with DT, this CD has travelled with  me from the car to the house to the Discman....you get the idea. After a  hundred listens or so it still seems to captivate me. The only minor fault  I can find is that I sometimes drift away during a few of the longer  instrumental parts, but about the time that happens things get well  structured again and LaBrie gets my full attention with his incredible  gift. I guess that kinda explains why I can't seem to get into the Liquid  Tension Experiments but really enjoy Mullmuzzler, (James Labrie's solo  effort). Everyone should own this CD for sure though, no matter what part  of Dream Theater you enjoy most.
0140177396|3.0|Of Mice and Men is the story of two men working together.  The first man, Lennie, was really tall with big hands and feet, but he is off in the head. The second man, George, was short and kinda of grouch;  he was the more  intelligent one.   The two men stay togeher because when Lennie's Auntie  died George promed to take care of him.  Lennis is always getting into  trouble for petting things and killng them.  One day they got ran out of  town and from there on they are always on the move.     I really like the  novel but I don't think in should of ended like it did.  Lennie was my  favorite charachter because he kept me laughing.    I would recommnd this  novel for people who like adventure.  I would give this book three stars  because it is pretty good.
0792107683|5.0|This Really is One of the Best Films Produced By American Cinema, Just the Look of the Production is enough to warrant Attention but the story grips from the first frame. Alan Ladd excels as the Errant Gunman, Juxtaposing  with Van Heflins Solid Famer and Walter &quot;Jack&quot; Palances Gun  Fighter. This Production is Class from start to Finish.
B00002MZ4W|3.0|Fiona Apple's a great singer/songwriter, but there's something missing from this album.  her first was so good that I could listen to it over and over, but this one barely gets played.  Too bad.  She's brilliant.
B000002MG1|5.0|I cannot review this album becuase I have not listned to it. In fact, I hae a question. Is  this CD good?  What I mena by that is...are there alot of curse words?  Please answer my question. Thanks,
B00001ZWTT|4.0|What's wrong with you people? Just because it didn't have nudity, tons of blood and cursing doesn't make it a total waste of time. Today's movies need to stick to a clean cut plot. This movie funny and fun for all ages.
0446310786|5.0|It is exceptionally rare for an author to capture what it is truly like to be a child, but Harper Lee makes it seem easy. Quite possibly one of the greatest books written, for anyone who has gone through the hardships of  growing up and realizing that the world is not as picturesque as you  originally thought. In other words - it's a great book for anyone.
B00000K0EA|1.0|Aren't you sick and tired of James Bond. The plot of every movie is sleep with many girls then save the world. Come on. I think the movie is showing all women are easy.
B000002MY3|5.0|I love this cd - every song is just wonderful. It is one of those rare cd's where you can listen to every song without having to skip a few. A great cd! I highly reccomend it!
B000003TBP|4.0|Okay, so what if 'Odelay' has no bad tracks? Does that make it some kind of instant classic? No. Frankly, listening to the critics in 1996, they talked about 'Odelay' as if it was the second coming of a heavenly being.  And while 'Odelay' is interesting, it still doesn't compare to anything  else Beck made because Beck has shifted his attention every album... There  are similarities between 'Mellow Gold' and 'Odelay' and 'Midnight Vultures'  and there are similarities between 'Mutations' and 'One Foot in the Grave'  as well... but not enough to outweigh the differences. To those criticizing  him for 'trying to be cool' do us a favor and actually listen to the whole  album a few times and then go pick up stuff from 'Stereopathetic  Soulmanure' and 'Mutations' and tell me if it all sounds the same.<br />I  highly recommend 'Odelay' as an addition to any true music enthusiast's  collection, and I would hope they get the rest of Beck's studio works as  well...
B00000IGGA|4.0|It's great to hear new stuff, especially if you have seen or own everything else he has.  If Bone Machine was your favorite in the past, you'll have to give this one a chance. It has to grow on you (like a  creeping vine).
0767836286|5.0|Arilngton Road is a very suspensful fim that has everything you wouldn't expect. Although when I saw this there wasn't as much action as I though there would be. If you havent seen this movie yet and you want to buy it, I  suggest rent it first.
B00000IGGA|4.0|It's great to hear new stuff, especially if you have seen or own everything else he has.  If Bone Machine was your favorite in the past, you'll have to give this one a chance. It has to grow on you (like a  creeping vine).  If you like this artist you should also check out Lenard  Cohen. (Hes the poet whose &quot;Dear Jane&quot; letter said something  like: &quot;I love you but I love the idea of a clean slate more.&quot;) I  think he's dead now, but his music should still be around somewhere.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Yes that cute nappy haired naked lovly girl is bac and WOW i bought Tible and I thought that was the bases of my soul and now fiona apple is her own movie star!  I love this Chic and her new Cd it's awsome with songs like  &quot;fast as you can&quot; It's now wonder why she's your cocaine, put  lovly by Tor amos yes this is the best she has ever done nothin' lower then  her own potentual!
B00000IGGA|4.0|It's great to hear new stuff, especially if you have seen or own everything else he has.  If Bone Machine was your favorite in the past, you'll have to give this one a chance. It has to grow on you (like a  creeping vine). Waits on this albumn reminds me of Leonard Cohen. (He's the  poet whose &quot;Dear Jane&quot; letter said something like: &quot;I love  you but I love the idea of a clean slate more.&quot;)
1559408758|5.0|This is Spinal Tap - the DVD is a must have if you can find it. Unfortunately, it is currently out of print. It contains tons of scenes left on the cutting room floor along with the original demo and voice overs  by the actors and director. It is, by far, the best DVD to be released to  date. Make sure you turn your volume up to 11 when you watch this flick.
B00000DQSF|5.0|after more than thirty years this album still stands as one of the best ever recorded.a milestone in rock music. i first heard it at age 18 and now, pushing 50, it's still one of my all-time favorites. everyone who  appreciates superb songwriting and solid musicianship should own this  album. it's timeless.
B00000ILDE|5.0|It might be blasphemous to any ALIEN fanatics out there to claim that this sequel is better, but, for my money, it is.  This movie, an adventure-action-sci-fi fright fest, is also populated with interesting  characters and a twist on the original plot that makes it almost  irresistable -- but remember, this is not a movie for anyone who is in the  least bit squeamish.  I loved the grand scale and the mother-daughter  subtext throughout.  The special effects are outstanding, and the thrills  keep coming, more and more and more till you think you just can't take  anymore, and then there are more.  Sigourney Weaver proves she can take on  anyone -- and anything -- in the action genre.  Perfect popcorn movie, and  a great one to own -- I 've watched it several times.
B000031XCR|5.0|First, I would like to ask you not to pay attention to all the CHILDISH and IMMATURE comments some people have written...there are a lot of interesting &quot;real reviews&quot;. To be honest I really like this cd, I  find Celine's voice very touching, it makes me feel different emotions, I  almost cry with &quot;Then you look at me&quot; and &quot;Live&quot; and I  feel happy with &quot;That't the way it is&quot;. &quot;If walls could  talk&quot; is a sweet whisper in the night, and &quot;All the way&quot; is  a Master piece. There are not much to say about the Greatest Hits, we all  know them, we all love them...that't why they are the &quot;HITS&quot;. If  you were looking for the &quot;perfect gift&quot;, you found it here. Only  one thing missing...&quot;Where does my heart beat now&quot;... but there  is nothing perfect. My advice, (if I may) don't listen to it as a music  critic 'cause you'll miss all the fun, open your heart and you'll find the  &quot;real power&quot; of her voice.
B000003CKH|5.0|This CD is a high-quality mix of great hits by an entertaining band.  From the popular cover of &quot;I will survive&quot; to the famous &quot;The Distance,&quot; almost every song here is a pleaser.  Do not hesitate to  buy this album for yourself, your friends, or anyone who can use a little  empowerment.  A great album to &quot;get over it&quot; to, with a charming  British-beat - and I'm not talking Spice Girls
0449227545|4.0|The main villian is an illiterate, con-man, barely competent thief and murderer.  And Follett managed to make me actually like the guy.  The plot is believable when you take into account the great skills of the FBI  managing the Chineese atomic spy case current now, or the grand manner in  which they investigated the Branch Davidians in Texas.<br />The complaints in  the other reviews can be summarized as &quot;this one is different, not  historical, not England.&quot;  It is contemporary California and that is  not all bad.  Take this book on its own merits.  It is a fun read and you  get your money's worth for entertainment.
0792151712|5.0|This is a great movie and it is really realistic. The Titanic story is a story that really gets you involved in it and it always makes you cry when the Titanic sinks.  It is a tragic love story and keeps you involved so you don't want to put down the remote. I really encourage you to buy this  movie, and I guarantee that you will like it.  There is a little bit of nudity in it,  from a woman's (Kate Winslet) chest up, and there is some profanity  (including the f-word), but otherwise there is nothing else bad about it.   It is a great movie (as I said before)!  Buy it now from amazon.com!
0140067477|5.0|The Tao of Pooh is one of the books that I can sincerely describe as &quot;changing my life.&quot;<br />It provides an excellent description of Taoist philosophy, with a sense of humor and fun.  It is an easy read, and  moves along very quickly.  It combines stories from ancient Taoist text,  clips from Pooh Bear stories, and some light academic discussion about  Taoism.<br />Author Benjamin Hoff is a bit preachy in a few isolated sections,  but it is not a significant part of the book.
0790740249|5.0|This movie is wonderful!  This movie has great acting, great mystery, and above all, a great plot!  The idea of a serial killer whose pattern is not his own, but that of a mix of several different serial killers is just such  a mind-thriller for the viewers.  I believe the way he incoporated Helen's  lecture into his killings and included her in his plan was really awesome!  Up until the time he hunts her down, he followed the pattern of others.  Since Helen didn't die in her attack by Darell Lee, it was then the point  in which Peter had to create his own method for killing her rather then  that of another serial killer, an amazing aspect into his madness, IF he  would have succeeded.  This movie is one that will make your heart leap  into your throat!  A must see for any thrill-seeker!
0140067477|5.0|The Tao of Pooh is one of the books that I can sincerely describe as &quot;changing my life.&quot;<br />It provides an excellent description of Taoist philosophy, with a sense of humor and fun.  It is an easy read, and  moves along very quickly.  It combines stories from ancient Taoist text,  clips from Pooh Bear stories, and some light academic discussion about  Taoism.<br />Author Benjamin Hoff is a bit preachy in a few isolated sections,  but it is not a significant part of the book.
B00002EPJH|5.0|The Melody at Night, With You, is one of the best solo piano albums released in decades. The music uplifts the spirit and makes you believe that life is worth living. Just a man alone with his piano -- no stunts, no  remixing, no other musicians. Just a great artist doodling on some of the  greatest songs ever written. The best &quot;I Loves You Porgy&quot; since  Holiday or Simone. A gorgeous album. Don't miss it.
B00000K19E|5.0|What is the Matrix? The Matrix has a computer generated dream world
0395645662|5.0|The book tells a village, no wrong word, it's community, which everything is &quot;Sameness&quot;, that means everything is the same.  The people there can't see color, nor feel any feelings.  There is this child, Jonas, which been select to be a Receiver of Memory.  The Giver, which was the  previous receiver giver Jonas memory of feelings, color, and pain.  But,  Jonas felt alone by having the power, he wanted to share the feelings.   Then he made one with the Giver.  I'm not going to tell you the rest.  I  want you to find out the unexpected ending.
B000009EUM|5.0|I originally purchased this album in 1986-87 and it has stood the test of time. Few are the recordings that don't become dated and stale over the years. Scoundrel Days pulls you into its haunting spell and spits you out  wanting more. A-Ha has made only one sub-par album to date (Stay On These  Roads). A mood altering musical Magic Fingers.
B00000INEX|5.0|I am in shock of the negative reviews of this movie.  My daughter enjoys this movie as much as the other ones.  We own them all and I think this movie is just as excellent as the rest.  The music and the visual are  great. Don't be discouraged...buy this movie.
B000001EGA|5.0|This is my favorite album of all of Elton John's albums and my favorite song is also on here.  The ballad &quot;We All Fall In Love Sometimes&quot; captures the listener with its dramatic tones.  &quot;Someone Saved My Life  Tonight&quot; was the single off this album, and has remained one of my  favorites for more than 10 years, and I love to hear this song during  Elton's concerts.<br />The album is an autobiographical one telling of Elton  and his songwriting partner, Bernie Taupin's life together from their first  meeting up to their first record, Empty Sky.  This album, along with  Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, is constantly a favorite among Elton John's  die-hard fans, and for good reason.
B000003BF1|5.0|I brought this album about 10 years ago for 25 pence (40 cents) and it certainly was money well spent. It's funky and beautiful (You got the silver, You can't always get what you want) amazing ( Gimme Shelter,  Midnight Rambler) quirky (Country Honk, Monkey Man) and just plain cool  (Let it Bleed) A great bunch of songs - I can't recommend it enough for  every record collection.
B000001DQI|5.0|This cd is absolutely incredible, espeically if you go for the improved quality of the remastered cd.  Elton and his songwriting partner, Bernie Taupin, did a brilliant job on this one, particularly Elton.  He wrote all  the songs on this album in a little more than 2 weeks.  Although the album  has pulled off some timeless classics like the title track, Bennie &amp;  The Jets, Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting and Candle In The Wind, the  real gems are the other songs.  Funeral For A Friend/Love Lies Bleeding  remains one of my favorite songs, especially when Elton plays it in  concert.  The song starts off as a ballad, but then switches gears and  becomes a great rocker.  It constantly switches between the two tempos.  It  is a wonderful song to listen to whether it's your first time or 100th  time.  No one writes song like this anymore, and that too bad for music.   Harmony is a power ballad where you can picture yourself on a &quot;boat  upon the sea&quot;.  I could go into detail about how incredible each of  the other songs are, but do yourself a favor, buy it and listen for  yourself.  This, along with the album, Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt  Cowboy, is usually the favorite album of Elton's die-hard fans, of which I  am one.
0767819594|5.0|Awesome movie!   The plot is great and Ryan Phillipe is a very handsome young man!  I would recommend for ANYONE and EVERYONE to watch this movie!
B000002C1W|2.0|Despite what Mr. Bitterness said, drummer Nick Mason had a lot of influence over Pink Floyd's music between 69-73. Here his main contribution was the sound effects; and Richard Wright was in too late to have much of a  contribution. It's been said before, but this IS David Gilmour's third solo  album. As such, it's actually pretty good. I would put &quot;Terminal  Frost,&quot; &quot;On the Turning Away,&quot; and &quot;Learning to  Fly&quot; on a Floyd play-list. Two other tracks, &quot;Sorrow&quot; and  &quot;One Slip&quot; show improvement over Gilmour's last solo endeavours.  However, if we insist on going by the name on the sleeve, this is NOT up to  Pink Floyd standards. The lyrics are NOT up to Waters' level - and while G.  Roger Waters may indeed be the egomaniac his former colleagues brand him,  he was and remains a brilliant writer. The music is good, but not good  enough to be Pink Floyd. I suggest newcomers listen to DSOTM and WYWH in  particular (also Meddle and Animals) before commenting. David Gilmour has  in fact done better music. Let me also add that &quot;A New Machine&quot;  beats out anything as the WORST moment in Floyd's songbook. This is a nice  record, but not a necessary addition to your collection.
0345347951|5.0|I have always felt this book is almost a science fiction version of the second coming, in many ways.... it's scope is the transformation/ evolution of the human(?) race. This book is not pop sci-fi, for the casual,  unfocused reader; it demands deep thought and consideration.... without a  doubt, one of the few works of the genre certain to be remembered for a  long time. The plot twists and suprises throughout, and the quiet  &quot;speculation&quot; of Clarke through his characters is finely  interwoven through the heart of the story... and will make you consider the  nature/ limits of our understanding and perception of the universe around  us. This is one book you DONT want to pass up!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie will really make you think about the nature of the world in which we live.  Not only is it entertaining, but I believe it suggests some real fundamental truths about what we perceive as 'reality'.
B00000K19E|5.0|More inventive and realistic than any other 'the machines have taken over the world' flick. There are no plot holes in this one! This movie can't be beat for action and sci-fi.  If you don't want action get Insurrection.
6305313687|5.0|This film is a gripping account of racism in modern America. The character of Derek is brilliantly written and developed. Edward Norton was amazing. Furlong also turns a magnificent performance. A definite must see, but not  for the faint of heart.
0345389409|4.0|Ms. Rice bewitched me again, but with this massive tale I was at moments enraged by her seemingly offensive look into our soul's state. But surely one must accept that she, is a storyteller of great imagination and we,  feeling the emotions that we do while reading her work, must accept that  many of her words have the power to enchant us. I enjoyed the adventure,  came to loathe Lestat for his weaknesses and selfishness and all in all I  am quite happy now that he is in a state of limbo, one hopes that Ms. Rice  can simmer for a while as apposed to being on hot boil.
6303402348|5.0|This is my favourite movie of all time. What I cannot stand is all these people saying it's really sentimental and unrealistic - THAT IS THE WHOLE POINT! You do not watch a film like this to criticise and sneer at how dumb  it all is. You sit down, suspend your poor, angst-ridden cynical 20th  century minds for a couple of hours, and enjoy a beautiful, touching, funny  and wonderfully acted feelgood movie. The one scene that even I would draw  the line at is the &quot;running&quot; sequence, where Forrest decides to  run across America, just because he has nothing better to do. Apart from  that unnecessary section, the film is a delight to watch, and the scene  where Forrest turns away from Jenny and says &quot;I'm not a smart man, but  I know what love is..&quot; brings tears to my cynical angst-ridden 20th  century eyes every time.  A modern classic.
B0000062GK|5.0|Joe Satriani finally brought back that hard-edged style we all came to love.  He really goes to town on &quot;Psycho Monkey&quot; and &quot;Crystal Planet&quot;.  This CD shows what a great virtuoso Sat is  with a guitar in his grasp.  He is simply phenomenal on this CD. This is  perhaps his greatest CD yet.
079213690X|5.0|As a reviewer from Scotland, can I first say that about 90% of the historical details in this film are perfectly true. The only bits that are obviously invented are Wallace's romance with the princess and the part  about Robert the Bruce fighting for the English at his father's command.  Edward's son was really a homosexual, the English really did kill Wallace's  wife and Wallace was betrayed by a Scottish nobleman. Of course some parts  are romanticised. That's what filmmaking is all about.  The film itself is  excellent, with fantastic performances from Gibson, McGoohan and both the  female leads. The film, of course, may represent the English in a bad  light, but for those of us who bother checking these things up, the events  and evils perpetrated by the English are not exaggerated. The film is an  epic, stirring and beautifully shot masterpiece, and although I respect  that people may have other, even opposite opinions, please do not condemn  this film just because of the pretentious PC lobby who hate it because the  humour is drawn from a English character.
B00000IACG|5.0|I think that 'Instrument' is a great examination of the musical path that Fugazi has taken since they first formed 10-15 years ago. Not only does it have interesting, different versions of songs on albums of theirs like  &quot;Arpeggiator&quot; (congrats Brendan! ) and &quot;Rend It&quot;  (better than the version on &quot;In On the Killtaker), this album also  shows that the four have other musical talent, as shown by the swopping of  instruments that they did on several tracks, and Ian McKaye's gentle,  soothing voice (yes, you read correctly) and piano playing on the wonderful  &quot;I'm so Tired.&quot;<br />Anyways there is really no point in reviewing a  Fugazi album other than that if you do not have this one, or others of  theirs, your cd/album collection is not complete.
B00000J2PH|5.0|I love this album. It is moody, as other people noted here before me. And you know why? Because Carol king finally sings her own music. I think, that this album symbolizes the passage between Carol King the writer and Carol  King the singer, the artist. After years of writing for other people, being  aside, Carol is in the spotlight again. Songs coming from the heart  combined with minimal musical arrangement. A true masterpiece, one of the  most influential albums of modern pop music.
6300217019|4.0|Yet another harshly criticized film from Paul Schrader. Its themes of emotional emptiness trying to be filled with sex, money, and general material wealth, pretty much, summed up the decade that followed its  release. It is the quintissential 80's movie.<br />Schrader was unjustly  maligned by critics for the films pacing and flat acting from the films  leads. The acting is shallow because the film is about empty people-  Julien(Gere) turns on the charm in order to satisfy his ego, and not, as he  says, to satisfy women. One gets the feeling, in the long takes when Julien  is driving around in his Mercedes, that the smile on his face is because he  likes being seen (it is a convertible, after all)and not because of some  inner well being. The same can also be said for the pimps in the movie.  Both of them behave as if Julien is the slickest, greatest guy alive and  smother him with compliments, until, that is, he refuses to do them a  favor. Once they dont get what they want, they quickly turn on him. One  could even say that the ending echos this. Romantics would like to believe  that Julien is redeemed by love, however, he, most likely, stays with the  Senators wife because she is the only person who hasnt abandoned him. In  his world, she is the only source left to fill his ego and provide him with  his much needed alibi, and thats the only reason he doesnt reject her.<br />My  only complaints- I feel that the time lapse device in the films conclusion  doesnt work. It seems sudden and awkward compared to the rest of the films  pacing, like the story has to tidy itself up to reach its end at the  expense of the narrative. I felt that the film could have benifited from  more scenes with Julien interacting with his clients. I guess Shrader and  the studio wanted to gloss over the gigilo view and not have Gere in  intimate scenes with ancient ladies. Instead we see him merely holding  hands with them and getting intimate (two scenes) with only attractive and  youngerwomen. It feels like a pulled punch. Even though it would have made  Julien less admirable to an audience, seeing him being intimate with  withered and wrinkled widows would have felt true to the character and led  to a better understanding of him. But, thats not the sort of thing  Hollywood wants thier male leads doing.  <br />Over time, Schrader is one of  those directors whose harsher critics will be laughed at. I dont know of  many other directors who get lashed for being &quot;too Foriegn&quot; in  thier composition and pace. Without a doubt, he does get much of his style  from French and Japanese directors, but only because his eye finds a  kinship with them. His is not camerawork that feels in any way forced, like  he is borrowing from someone else. Schrader always gets harped on, whereas,  Scorsese, Coppola, Allen, and Jarmusch are heralded for borrowing from  overseas. So, if you are going to brutally judge Schrader by his  influences, then throw out Sam Raimi for looking too much like Leone and  Hitchcock, Paul T. Anderson for looking like Scorsese, and you sure as Hell  better sting up Spielberg, run him out of town, and bury him in the desert  (oh, please do) because two-thirds of his vision is nothing more than a  pale Kurosawa impersonation.<br />Hardcore, American Gigilo, Cat People,  Comfort of Strangers, and Affliction are really great films that havent  gotten the praise that they deserve, and Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters  is nothing less than a perfect film, an absolute masterpiece. Thank you Mr.  Schrader.
B00001R3GI|5.0|I recently took the plunge into the Rolling Stones discography after 22 years of denying that they were any good.  Being a child of the 80's, I think I was justified.  My first experience was with a borrowed copy of Let  It Bleed, which I kept for over a year.  Upon returning it to the rightful  owner, I picked up my own copy, along with Sticky Fingers, Beggars Banquet,  and Exile on Mainstreet.  Which is my favorite?<br />Once Exile gets going, it  just doesn't stop.  I'll admit to not enjoying the first few tracks after  Rocks, but what's a couple presses of the skip button when you get Tumbling  Dice followed by Torn &amp; Frayed followed by Lovin' Cup followed by...you  get the point.<br />The energy level on this recording is astounding, as well  as the recording itself.  They made wonderful use of multitracking, and  even more interesting use of mixdown.  Mick is always buried in the backing  vocals, which are in turn buried in the guitars that get drowned out by the  brass section.  Amazing layers of rock 'n roll excitement that form an  unmistakable beauty.
B0000027RL|5.0|If i were trapped on a deserted island for the rest of my life i would be sure to have this excellent CD, (and eddie).  The songs are so well written and the stories they express are unforgettable. buy it
B000009QOC|4.0|Danzig two picks up were one left off, with more evil! not all Danzig albums are for everyone though, I have to give this four stars cause its mostly for Danzig fans, not just anyone!
B00002ZMNW|5.0|This is the best concert I have ever seen. I have seen metallica live and it blew me away, but this is just the ultimate. Who would have thought that the intensety of metallicas music would blend so well with the eloquent  sanfrancisco symphony orchestra. Classics such as Master of Puppets and for  whom the bell tolls are brought to new heights, they were made to be  performed with a 100 strong orchestra. There are songs on this album that  are so underrated. The outlaw torn is an epic song, so full of diversity  and talent.  One almost brought me to tears, it is so beautiful. If I had  one complaint it is that there arent enough songs on the album. You could  spend an hour talking about what songs should have gone on the album but in  the end you'd just realise that you had named every single song metallica  have ever written or covered. If you are a metallica fan, then you really  should have this album already. But if you arent then this album will make  you change your ways, a definete classic.
6303407188|5.0|I was expecting this film to be funny and interesting and it certainly was.  What I didn't anticipate was how heartfelt and touching it would be.  The relationship between Wood and Lugosi is handled so brilliantly that it  rips your heart out while making you laugh.  Somehow, the film never gets  sappy and, as you're swept along, you realize that what Wood lacked in  talent, he made up in heart.  The scene where he smilingly says to an  executive, &quot;Worst film you ever saw, eh?  Well, the next one will be  better!&quot; is hilarious and painful at the same time.  Tim Burton proves  here that he has the talent and heart to make an artful film about a sad,  noble failure.
B00003003R|4.0|For some reason, the tracks listed on CD 1 are really on CD 2, amd vice versa...<br />Why?<br />Good CD though, as it is a collection of their best.
1878424432|5.0|After listening to the Four Agreements I began to put them into practice immediately. My wife listened to it and was amazed by the truths that had applied to her life. We both wish we had heard these words earlier in our  lives.
B00000K19E|5.0|the single most well made and thought-out movie of the century.  period.  watch it more than once to get the whole story. enjoy.
B000002TPS|5.0|First off I own all of Megadeth's CDs and like the older thash stuff just as much as the next headbanger, so if I want to hear those old songs I can. I don't want to hear a band make the same album over and over again, except  AC/DC they can get away with that.This album rocks in a different way than  previous efforts ,but different is good. Megadeth has the best lineup on  this album the drums of Menza rule! Marty Friedman is, along with the late  great Chris Oliva of Savatage the most underated guitar player in  rock/metal. If you like Megadeth but haven't picked this up yet do it. Like  many of their albums the more hear it the more it wears on you until you  gotta have your Megafix. One complaint, why isn't the track Crown of Worms  on this disk? The inside of the case has a dude with a crown of worms and  that track is one of the best Megadeth has done. I saw Megadeth live on  this tour and they played Reckoning Day(great drums) after they opened with  Skin of my teeth, it was one the best shows I've seen. Do youself a favor  buy this album and turn it up to 11!
B0000028PI|4.0|This album contains several songs that, as far as I'm concerned, should be forever etched in the world's list of great rock-songs (if such a list exists), notably STOLEN PRAYER, BAD PLACE ALONE and the weird but none the  less great CLEANSED BY FIRE. The single LOST IN AMERICA is one of the  album's weakest songs and also the reason why I'm not giving it a full five  stars. But this is really a great album! Believe me, it is...
0552131067|5.0|This is a very creative book.  Pratchett's discription skills are well shown in this complex, but easily understood novel.
B00000IB4D|4.0|This is an awesome jazz/rock fusion cd that is a bit underated (its not even available in the US).  I recommend it to fans who like Caravanserai and Borboleta.  Lots of instrumentals here!
6302759110|1.0|This movie has it all wrong! It's NOT Bram Stoker's Dracula-it's something else that the director made up! If you read the novel, you would understand why, too. I mean, it does have the same characters and the same main plot  and problem, it's just all mixed up. Sometimes, I wonder if the person who  wrote this movie had even ever read the novel before. First of all, Mina  does NOT fall in love with Dracula and she does NOT have a love affair with  him. Dracula is a hateful, unloving vampire-not a kind, gentle vampire!  Second of all, the ending is totally different. My advice to you is to read  the novel before you decide on watching this movie-'cause then if you watch  this movie before you read the novel, then you'll probably be disappointed  if you read the novel later and find out that's it's different! The only  good thing about this movie was the acting (with the exception of the guy  who played Jonathan Harker, that is). But, I would really not recommend  this movie-especially if you haven't yet read the novel. Read the novel-it  is soooo much better and more horrifiying than the movie was. The movie  turned this horror story into a romance story-and the horror version is  MUCH better than the romance story!
0780626478|1.0|This is one of the worst movie I have seen. Not only is it's story line bad but so are the actors. Brendon Fraiser and Alicia Silverstone play ADAM &amp; EVE ( lol ) and The plot stinks. Its terible!
B00001ZULV|3.0|I agree, buy Peter Gabriel CD's if you want to hear PG!  However, I DO own every Peter Gabriel CD.  Unfortunately, those discs don't include his best tunes from the Genesis days!  Couple that with the fact that he releases a  new album about every 8 years now, and that he did some STELLAR work as the  Genesis front man, and I too am miffed that there are not more PG songs on  this compilation.  <br />Just b/c Genesis got _uber-POPular_ with Phil Collins  (they were ALREADY pretty darn popular with Peter Gabriel) doesn't mean  Atlantic should all but exclude songs from the first HALF DOZEN albums the  band released!  Sheesh!  <br />I would concede that &quot;A Music Fan from  Chicago&quot; must work for the label, (and grew up with the PC, not PG  Genesis) save for the fact that she brings up a good idea: this should have  been an evenly divided 2 CD set.  And, yes, it remains a good CD for the  casual Genesis fan...heck, the hard core fan, too.<br />And it is a downright  travesty that they include the chopped-down versions of Tonight... and  Mama.
B000002HH9|4.0|Like Galore, this cd is excellent for all the Beginner Cure fans! This album is completely inspiring for whatever your art is... Its a fix in the form of a cd...Love it!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I love this CD by Santana.  It is a wonderful mix of all sorts of music styles.  There is rap, pop, hard rock, and even soft rock.  Carlos Santana seems to be the only guitar player I know who can change his style to  accompany whomever he is joined by.  An example of this would be on the  song &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot; with Everlast.  Santana uses a definite  hard edged playing style when he accompanys Everlast's dark, dreary vocals.   It is one of the best songs on the CD.  It is not the best, however.  That  title would have to go to &quot;Corazon Espinado&quot; with Mana.  It has  that original Latin beat.  Once you have heard it, you never want to let go  of it.  It is simply amazing.
B0000062FJ|5.0|This is the Santana album that put the band on the map.  This album has great Jam type songs such as Soul Sacrifice and Jingo, as well as great commercial songs like Evil Ways.  The added bonus tracks sizzle, especially  the 14 Minute version of Soul Sacrifice from Woodstock,
B0000019HU|3.0|Alright, so I'd been hearing about this since the time it came out (cover of CMJ, if I'm not mistaken), and after SPIN put it in their 90 Best of the 90's, I figured it was time to give it a go. This is perhaps a more  significant decision than it appears on the surface, given that I'm a Peace  Corps Volunteer and the only new music I get is by the grace and generosity  of friends/family back home. Anyway, I've been listening to it for a couple  weeks now, and even after re-reading all the other glowing reviews here,  I'm still not convinced that this is so groundbreaking. It certainly  doesn't create the emotional effects in me that so many of these other  people talk about. Of course, what do I know about strange time signatures,  etc etc? And I'm surprised to read that &quot;washer&quot; is the supposed  killer song on here--the only one that I find myself humming at odd  moments, completely unbeknownst to myself, is &quot;nosferatu man&quot;. (I  assume others would agree this is one of the measures of a truly great  song...) So, all in all--buy this if you're curious and have the money to  spare. But if you're looking for emotionally evocative quiet indie rock, I  say go for the Red House Painters' early work instead. (I will no doubt  inspire ire for even comparing the two...) I like it enough not to sell it  back, but a year from now I doubt I'll find it in my CD player all that  often.
B00003A9QL|4.0|Metallica is a great band,and this CD would Rule if not for the classicle background music.AS I read in another review Kamen sounds as if he was trying to put as much into the background as he could,and in some places he  covers up Metallica all togeather.ButbI like Metallica so I rate it 4  stars.and also the music is great.Ecept the back classicle music.
0385484518|5.0|While this book has been on the bestseller list for a couple of years or so, it's the perfect story and gift for the season. Of course, this read will be a delight throughout any season as it brings us back to the  essential issues of life, and the author makes us think hard about our  priorities in life. I also recommend another book that in a very practical  manner deals with very important key issues of life, which is Dietmar  Scherf's &quot;I Love Me: Avoiding and Overcoming Depression&quot; as it is  also available at Amazon.
6304983778|5.0|Always one of our favorites! Warm and Fuzzy with a wonderful story and actors!
B0000062FN|5.0|This Santana album is alot like the first two (Santana and Abraxas), with a little more mixing it up with new styles, and a 2nd guitarist.  Once again the live tracks rock and I would recomend this album to fans of the  first two. Gurilla is an awesome song!
0590353403|5.0|In my opinion and the opinion of must of the other people in my seventh grade class the book &quot;Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone&quot; was a very good book. I was on the edge of my seat when I was reading it and  during the climax I could have sworn my hair stood on end! Besides the  suspense I also enjoyed how interesting it was with the made-up words and  interesting twists. Over all, I love the book and would recommend it to  anyone that wants to be intrigued to read a great book.
0800105141|5.0|This film, while overlooked by critics, deserves to be recognized as one of the greatest epics and biographies of all time. While some may be drawn away by the 3 hrs.+ time, this movie will keep you interested and deeply  involved. The portrayal of Gandhi was done beautifully by Kingsley, who  gave this epic a base for acting. I cannot reccomend this movie enough.
B000002TQV|1.0|I found this album to be a huge disappointment. By far the most boring, mind numbing album i've heard in a very long time. Absolutely awful.
B00000K2SC|4.0|I almost didn't bother with this movie since it features my all-time least favorite actor, Keanu Reaves, but I was forced into going to the theater with family. I was impressed with the special effects and, even though  slightly tired, the plot which was good. Definately one of the best movies  of '99.
B0000025LS|3.0|This is one of the better Santana pop age albums. The instrumentals are of high quality, while the other songs are hit and miss.
0440180295|5.0|I really liked this book. It makes you wonder how wonderful or pointless life would be. It took a while to get the flow of the book but, when you do, it is very hard to put the book down. It is a very quick read but it is  very deep. It is about Billy Pilgrim and how he gets &quot;unstuck in  time.&quot; I don't think I would like to witness my death like Billy did,  so it goes.
B000007T1M|5.0|System truly rocks! After seeing them perform with Limp Bizkit, I rushed out and got their cd.  Sure Serj may be a little off the hook, but that's what makes the cd great.  They can deffinately jam with the best of them  (Korn &amp; Metallica), and if you're gonna let this one get away, you'll  be disappointed!  Sure it may be a bit controversial, but that can't take  the talent away here.  &quot;Sugar&quot; and &quot;Know&quot; are my 2  favorite tracks!
B000001GAO|5.0|This is a wonderful disc, but if you like &quot;period&quot; recordings, this is not the disc to buy.  Unlike period performances Bernstein uses a large orchestra and the tempi he chooses are significantly slower than any  other recording I've heard.  But what stays with me about this performance  is the emotional tension he draws from everyone involved.  It is very  involving for the listener and the electricity of a live performance also  comes through.
B0000025RI|5.0|I feel that Michael Jackson's album Thriller is the greatest of all time. Not only did he set and break records with this album, he opened the doors for other artists with his innovative style and sound. This album deserves  all the recognition it could possibly get because I don't think any artist  or band will ever surpass its sales worldwide. Michael Jackson is the  greatest and most innovative singer, entertainer, and song writer in the  world. He is and always will be the &quot;King of Pop&quot; BABY!
0140177396|3.0|I read this book at school and to begin with I found it rather boring. Although later on, I found it extermely exciting and quite sad aswell. Some of the language was hard to understand and I only recommened this book to a  more mature reader. I think the characters are realy interesting and remind  me about real people.  If you are confident, when it comes to reading, this  is a fantastic book.
B00000J7JO|5.0|It's a perfect mix of easy listening and punk rockin songs, it's easily the best album of the year, not a bad song in the bunch, every song is a potential hit single, I'll personally be very upset if they don't use this  album to it's complete potential, songs such as otherside, easily, and this  velvet glove are must singles.
0694517208|4.0|I bought this audio because one of the Elders at my church suggested it as a good resource.  After 19 years of marriage I had no idea how to listen to my wife.  Now that I know, I hope I can apply it.  I recommend this to ALL  married couples, engaged couples, and singles.  The simple principles are  very insightful.
B00000K2SC|5.0|i love this movie! I have watched it ten times in one day. Yowch!  Michelle, though, came in and ruined it! Boy is she annoying!  Neo is the best *anagram for one* knowing that he is the one.<br />P.S. Morpheous is very  cool!
6304873441|5.0|This a great children-friendly account of the Anastasia Romanov situation.  It is much better than Disney movies in that Anastasia actually has some backbone and a mind of her own- the scene where she slaps Dimitri comes to  mind.  The animation is great and my favorite song is &quot;Once Upon a  December.&quot;
080013558X|1.0|Here's a movie musical that almost no one feels middle-of-the-road about, you either truly love it, or you truly hate it.  Most people who love this film don't seem to have been exposed to the play, with its great  song-stack, straight-ahead plot, and well-drawn characters.  The mega-buck  film version, directed by John Huston, was crafted to make the material  more &quot;cinematic&quot; and more exciting.  Not entirely bad goals, but  not well executed here.  Trashing the score wasn't a good idea, and tacking  on a chase-and-resue climax wasn't a good idea.  In fact, other than the  splendid casting, and a couple of the numbers (&quot;Little Girls&quot;,  &quot;Sign&quot;, &quot;We Got Annie&quot;)this whole movie wasn't a good  idea.  Inflated beyond reason, wasting a very good Broadway score, and  under-utilizing the pros in the cast, poor ANNIE arrived on screen having  to prove herself all over again.  Producer Ray Stark honestly believed that  this film would be his greatest success.  Putting a faithful adaptation up  there on the screen might have given him a run at that goal, but as it is,  the movie is a disaster of immense proportions.  Watch the superior Disney  / ABC-TV version instead.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine is just wonderful, she has just a voice that really dose touches your hearts, even the deepest and the hidden parts. It is no doubt that her voice is brilliant! This CD is good for all those non-fans, all who have  not yet heard her voice. This CD contains much of her great hits, of  course, all those left out song are great too. This can be a guide for  non-fans to know more about our Queen Celine. And I do have to say that all  the new ones are great too, listen to &quot;Live&quot;, you'll definitely  love this song. you can actually feel that Celine is not only singing the  song, but she sings with so much emotion, with her heart and soul. It is  her whole person presenting the song to you. And this is the style of  Celine. What's more, by reading the words she wrote for us, for her dearest  husband, Rene, you can get to know her more, as a person. She's so sweet.  She's the kind of perfect human being that you can't really find another  one on this entire world. Celine is the best!
B0000203YT|5.0|Shakespeare in Love, is as its title indicates, first and foremost a romance. It's sreenplay is witty and acurate as British phenomenon, Tom Stoppard wrote the screenplay. Stoppard also wrote Arcadia. A fabulous 1993  play which starred Rufus Sewell on the London Stage. (Rufus also stars with  Joseph Fiennes in 1998's The Very THought of You(the US title,)) I  personally regard Stoppard very highly and think that if Shakepeare in Love  has a little bit less of Gwenyth Paltrow's Chest, his work would have been  more appreciated. I would love to see a screenplay for Arcadia, when is  that coming to the screen!  Watch Shakespeare in Love, its a cute story,  Paltrow is pretty, Fiennes makes a good lover and anything with Ben Affleck  in tights gets my vote!
0060930349|3.0|It took me 5 months to complete this book.  Actually, it was an monumental task for Mr. Johnson and for the most part, very interesting and informative.  However, I was extremely disappointed to read where he blamed  most of our country's problems (from the early '60's to now) on Democrats  and Liberals.  His title should of been &quot;A Conservative Viewpoint of  America's History.&quot;  He even managed to call Nixon's Watergate scandal  an Eastern Media witchhunt totally excusing the ex-President of wrongdoing.   This isn't the approach of a historian.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I hated everything about Alanis Morissette's music and image until the release of last year's 'Junkie' album. I thought she was an absolute phony. Then I listened to 'Junkie' and was blown away by the emotion, the soul,  and the originality of her music. I became an instant fan and couldn't  believe I had changed my mind about her. This unplugged CD affords me my  first chance to hear her pipes 'live' and I must say I am impressed. Her  voice is much better than many of her peers and her delivery is full of  emotion and raw power. Though I still hate all the songs off of the 'Pill'  abomination, her live renditions of 'Joining You,' 'Cappucino,' 'Uninvited'  and, especially, 'That I would Be Good,' are sparkling! Alanis shines here  and really shows off the depth of her talent. I give her kudos and alot of  credit. I'm glad that the 'masses' often don't get her new music now,  because that means that her stuff is finally really GOOD! Way to go,  Alanis, and by the way...A FLY IN YOUR CHARDONNAY IS STILL NOT IRONIC!
0684867621|5.0|This is the story of a young girl lost in the woods.  While I was reading this, I was actually THERE with her, or maybe I was her.  King made me feel her emotions, her growing desperation, and her utter terror.  While this is  different from some of his previous books, the horror is still there - only  this time in an all-too-believable realm.  Recommended!
B00000BKDS|5.0|The Dickinson version had the &quot;hits&quot; and made the money, but like Def Leppard and Judas Priest, the best stuff (influentially) was the earliest. An essential collection of early second-wave metal would include:  Priest's Sad Wings and Sin After Sin as well as British Steel, Def  Leppard's first two albums, Maiden's first two albums, something by Diamond  Head, Motorhead's Ace of Spades, and a few others. Having an almost demo  quality and demonstrating an early formula sound which would evolve into  one of the most unique and popular metal signatures three and five years  later, IRON MAIDEN stands the test of time...just 16, pickup truck, out of  money, out of luck...but not out of musical energy by a long shot. KILLERS  refined the approach and the twin-guitar sound, but the story starts here.  Still one of my favorite Eddie images on the cover, too.
B000001DQI|5.0|I'm willing to outbid the music fan from Canada -- 1,000 stars, 10,000 stars, 100,000 stars, a million stars.  I think &quot;Funeral for a Friend&quot; would be great music for a figure skating routine, and I want  it played at my funeral.  There will never be a more beautiful song than  &quot;Candle in the Wind&quot;.  There will never be a more perfect very  short song than &quot;This song has no title&quot;.  There will never be  more sweep than in &quot;Grey Seal&quot;.  Everyone who is my age (sub-40),  admit it -- you rocked to &quot;Benny and the Jets&quot;.  You wondered  what &quot;All the Girls Love Alice&quot; is all about.  You thought about  your family when you heard &quot;Your Sister Can't Twist&quot;.  But you  had this album on vinyl, and then maybe you had in on 8-track, and you  probably had it on cassette, and if you don't have it on CD you know you've  gotta.  It's in the Top 3 of all time for me, and music doesn't get any  better than this.  Elton John is a hero to me, and MAN, can he sing, too.
6304493681|5.0|One of the best anime films since &quot;Akira&quot;.  Super animation/artwork and a great story to boot.  Excellent visual and audio flavor for an animation feast.  If there is anything to knock the film on  is too much dialogue, confusing plot to follow at first view, and not  enough action for which anime boasts its name.  Nudity seems out of place,  one may say it was needed for the cloaking to work, but what about the  criminal male who used the device to run from the cyber police - was he  nude?  However, do not let this push anyone away!  All opinions here, but a  fantastic film for any adult who enjoys mature animation!
B00000269G|5.0|Erroll Garner's &quot;Concert by the Sea&quot; is a true treasure, a lyrical yet rollicking stride through jazz piano moods. For a heart freshening ritual, I love to alternate it with Glenn Gould's &quot;Bach's  Goldberg Variations&quot;.
B00000I26R|5.0|This one goes in my TOP 5 top-to-bottom all-time favorite albums along with:  Judas Priest-Screaming For Vengeance,  Iron Maiden-Somewhere In Time,  Pretty Maids-Future World,  Def Leppard-High'n'Dry.  I own well over  1000 cds, so these 5 must be special.
0451169514|1.0|I read that book in only 2 days, which says enough about the page turning effect this book has. But after I finished, I wanted to rip out the last 200 pages or so. The plot is so wonderfully intriguing and then this thing which would be called a gang bang in a sex-film.With children?  And  this comes from a country where great literature like(Nobel- prize winner)  G&uuml;nther Grass` &quot;Blechtrommel&quot; is forbidden due to a small  man(about 3 feet high) of age 20(! ) having sex with a girl of his age. IT  gets 5 stars for the story and 4 stars off for the ending.
B000002I99|5.0|This CD is one of Coop's best!  Every song is a true Cooper classic,  so it's hard to really pick one favorite or even more than one.  It's a very theatrical album which is even cooler when you check out the Welcome To My  Nightmare concert and see the songs come alive!   Standouts are Cold Ethyl,   Only Women Bleed,  the title track,  Department Of Youth and Escape.  If  you are a big Cooper fan like myself,  this CD is a must have for your  music collection!
0451198492|4.0|Arthur C Clarke's 2001 is probably his most famous book to date due to the remarkable movie made by Stanley Kubrik, but it is definitely not his best. To me, it is written in the same vein as his earlier novels such as  Childhood's End and the City and the Stars, but for sheer majesty of  language and relevence today, 2001 cannot stand up to his previous  works.<br />I agree that 2001 was an extremely enjoyable and oftentimes  thought provoking read. However, this cannot disguise the fact that several  portions of the novel have not dated very well. The portions about the NASA  scientist's flight into orbit and docking at moonbase seemed rather mundane  in the face of recent technological developments, though admittedly at the  time of publication, 5 years before the moon landing it must seem  spectacular.<br />Much more successful are his descriptions of the dull  monotony of the mission to Saturn, which ultimately ends in disaster. HAL  9000 is enigmatedly wrought and even at the end we are still unsure of  whether he indeed developed intelligence.<br />To me, the most successful  portion of the novel is the ending, which is truly awe inspiring. I found  his descriptions majestic, so much so that I myself had difficulty  envisioning such wonders. <br />2001 is definitely a thought provoking read.  Clarke makes us wonder as to the nature of evolution with his revelation  that humans received extraterrestrial help in prehistory. We wonder if man  is to advance further, he must receive help from the stars. <br />It is true  that 2001 develops rather slowly, but I rather liked the way it was  written, slowly revealing the answer to the monolith, only for us to  uncover even more enigmas. The ending is rather enigmatic and for me  chilling, when the starchild mirrors moondancer's words at the end of the  first section of the book:<br />He was now the master of his world. He did not  know what to do, but in time he would find out.
0060977493|2.0|For the sake of conciseness, I will simplify my review into two lists: what I liked about the book; and what I didn't.<br />WHAT I LIKED:<br />1) good use of language, especially for someone from India<br />2) Vivid descriptions  that do a nice job of conveying a feeling or mood about a place or  character<br />WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE<br />1) descriptions often too lengthy and  verbose<br />2) lots of sudden jumps in time and between subplots<br />3)  subplots occasionally come together, but never frame or coalesce into a  coherent plot<br />4) description is rendered from a child's prospective in  terminology I like to refer to as Bratspeak<br />4a) too much repetition of  cutesy Bratspeak terms and phrases:<br />Orangedrink Lemondrink, stoppited, He  lived in a Cara-van. Dum Dum., Ambassador E. Pelvis, A Puff and a Fountain  in a Love-in-Tokyo, etc.<br />5) difficult to relate to regional issues and  customs (Communist movement, wars, caste system) that are not explained in  enough detail for those of us who weren't Indian History majors.<br />6) The  first 200 pages are tedious to get through as they contain most of the  above problems.<br />7) Ending is anticlimactic (no  pun intended).<br />Reading  this book was not the rewarding experience that the positive reviews here  and elsewhere led me to expect. <br />The fact that USA Today's reviewer  reread it immediately is easily explained by the fact that they write for  USA Today, bulwark of all things BAD (see BAD, or the Dumbing of America,  by Paul Fussell for elaboration).<br />The book was not as bad as the negative  reviews here might lead one to believe, but it certainly was nothing  special either.  I would not have awarded it the Booker Prize, and there  are too many good read out there for me to recommend this one.
0800132335|5.0|&quot;Das Boot&quot; is one of the best german films ever made. In terms of cinematography, editing or directing, it is on par with any american film (A rare case for a german picture, especially 1980). It is also very  well written and brilliantly acted. Like &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; it  is not a simple WAR IS HEll movie like the german film  &quot;Stalingrad&quot;. It rather tries to depict the life on a submarine  as realisticly as possible. It shows, like SPR, that soldiers during war  sometimes do things that one can describe as heroic (taking Omaha Beach,  getting the submarine seaworthy again), but only because they MUST do them,  not because they WANT to.<br />&quot;Das Boot&quot; is still the most  successfull german film of all time and it was nominated for six Oscars.  This longer version is even better because it does not jump from one action  scene to the next. Beware of the dubbed version which kills the authentic  mood. Or would you want to see a german version of SPR (I have seen one and  it was not nearly as good as the original, imagine Tom Hanks asking  translator Jeremy Davies in German what the german soldier just said)?
B00001QGPR|4.0|David Bowie has got to be one of the most self-actualized men in the world. Impossibly accomplished in the business world as well as in every conceivable art form, one wonders if the Man Who Fell to Earth is indeed a  native inhabitant of our planet at all. So, then, is it out of shame,  embarrassment, or envy that very few people care to mention what 'hours...'  really is? It's a videogame soundtrack. Maybe one of the best damn  videogame soundtracks ever recorded, but that's what it is. When Eidos  Interactive approached Bowie to construct incidental music to their sci-fi  project Omikron back in 1998, they expected (understandably) a spate of  jet-propulsed techno tunes, as David had delivered the year before on the  album &quot;Earthling.&quot; But David Bowie again refused to do what was  expected of him, and instead composed a handful of wistful and melancholy  pop songs in order to give Omikron an element of depth and humanity seldom  exhibited in other works of its medium. As the perfect antithesis to the  youthful, punk aesthetic of most videogames and videogame music, Bowie on  'hours...' assumes the role of an older man reflecting on a life of regrets  and empty promises. A ridiculous majority of critics have taken the  apparently honest and cathartic nature of 'hours...' to be a deeply  personal self-portrait of Bowie the Man. But it isn't. Bowie has announced  publicly over the last year that these songs are not autobiographical, and  that he's now the happiest he's ever been in his life. Anyone find it  ironic that David's latest onstage persona is that of a youthful-looking  guy just hangin' loose with his untucked shirt and a healthy head of  shoulder-length hair? He does, and he relishes it. Sure, the songs on the  new album are gorgeous and aching. &quot;Something In the Air&quot; is a  heart-wrenching ode to an absent lover. &quot;Seven,&quot; easily the most  poignant track on the album, portrays a greying man faced with the decision  to spend his sunset years finally living his life the way he wished he  would have, or simply letting go. Lyrically, 'hours...' is the most dead-on  album Bowie has made in over twenty years. But bear in mind, this is not  Bowie the Man. This is Bowie the Storyteller. Here he's managed to tell  nine tales of guilt, sadness, and longing that anyone with a beating heart  can relate to. Earthbound or no. --Christian Huey (chuey@iname.com)
0380730405|5.0|A shy poor girl is swept off her feet by a rich, handsome man who marries her and carries her off to his estate. Sounds like the end, doesn't it? No, that's how it starts. Instead of riding off into the sunset to live happily  ever after, she finds herself in the role of great lady without any idea of  how to pull it off. And then there is the matter of just how the last wife  died . . . Miss DuMaurier turns our expectations inside out in a classic  that was tailor-made for later film adaptation by Hitchcock. Wonderful for  late at night, snuggled up under a blanket with hot cocoa. Arrange  thunderstorm if possible.
B00000K19E|5.0|I have seen this movie 5 times, it is so fabulous. Keanu is awesome, Neo and Trinity are great characters.<br />I still have to wonder if I am actually living my life, or if one day someone is going to wake me up and take me  out of my pod.
6301066642|5.0|What a phenominal addition to this album. Johnny's energy must be from heaven above. He makes a believer of me! This has always been one of my favorite movies to view but the icing on the cake is the album. I will  enjoy listening to it again and again!Wow, a winner for sure!
B000000OAA|5.0|Sheer heart attack is the final of the 3 albums which were actually already written before the debut came out. If the debut was more metalic and the second was the most complex melodically, the third Queen album is a  bit of a mix. The metal is there (Now I'm Here, Brighton Rock) the melody  is everywhere (Lilly of the valley, Killer Queen) a touch of homour (Leroy  Brown, Stone cold crazy). Note the arabic influence on Flick of the wrist,  and the vocal on the first Lap of the gods. The album closer was a great  show finisher, and I'm sure it would have topped the charts if released as  a single. One step before A night at the opera, this is as good as it gets.  Enjoy.
B0000029DD|5.0|I bought this album after hearing &quot;Last Goodbye&quot;.  I was always a sucker for a catchy pop song.  Little did I know what awaited me.  This is one of the best albums of the ninieties, if not all time.  It's also  underrated and unknown, sadly.  Buckley's voice soars and dips, roars and  whispers.  He may have the greatest voice of any rock musician I have ever  heard.  The songs run the gamut from soft ballads to rockers.m  Other  reviewers say this record gave them chills.  Me too, and it still does  every time I hear it.  It saddens me greatly to know that there will never  be a follow up to this brilliant work.  i belive Jeff Buckley would have  made great contributionss to music had he not drowned.  This album will  give  you a taste of lost brilliance.
B000000OAL|3.0|There is a saying which claims that first albums are usually the best. This is true in this case, though personally I think they peaked in the follow up Queen II, but this comes close second. The Zeppelin influence is  heavy, but Page's outfit never rated this high in the melody and complexity  departments. Note My fairy king, a Freddie adventure, which starts with a  blip and never looks back. Doin' alright is actually an old Smile song,  which Tim Staffel is rightfully credited with, but this is a better  version. (the fanatics will point out, that in the BBC version Roger Taylor  sings the last verse). All in all it's a great taste of what's to come in  the next two albums. Rock on. Miss ya Freddie.
B00000J6AG|5.0|A friend travelling to the USA got this CD for me (Moby is not big in JA) and he wouldn't give it to me for nearly a month. At last I have my hands on it, and I can see why I had to pry it loose. Particularly taken with the  hauntingly beautiful &quot;Everloving&quot;, a subtle and seductive guitar  piece. Am generally addicted to the entire CD and have been unable to  listen to anything else for a week. It does suck you in, this one.
0060926317|1.0|Marlo received the &quot;Bent Spoon Award&quot; from the Australian Skeptics assoc. in 1996 for this book.
6302293553|5.0|If your hearing quotes like &quot;There are some who call me...Tim&quot;, &quot;Draw Yer Own Castle&quot;, &quot;Sir who doesn't appear in this film&quot;, and &quot;The Monster of ARRGGHH! &quot;, BUY THIS FRICKIN  VIDEO!
B000002USN|4.0|The first review here is a joke. PLEASE don't even think of comparing Barbra Streisand to Frank Sinatra! Not the greatest Sinatra album in the world but certainly not the worst.
B000003N89|5.0|Having first heard Diana Krall for the first time coming from the tape deck of a delivery truck, I knew I had to get one of her CD's to hear more.  So, I ran out and bought &quot;When I Look In Your Eyes&quot;.  I was not disappointed.  Her deep, sultry, sexy and otherwise soothing voice singing  some of the classic jazz masterpieces had me turning out the lights and  putting my arm around my sweetie faster than you could say,  &quot;Incredible&quot;.  Defginitely worth the money and more.  Now all I  have to do is convince my friends to buy me the rest of her Cd's...
B000002WU9|5.0|This is the best hip hop album ever.  Perfectly orchestrated with bangin', industry-changing lyrics.  Pound for pound, you'll be hard pressed to find a better hip-hop album . . .
0684874350|4.0|I loved this book.  McCourt's use of the language is tremendously evocative - you can actually hear the voices speaking as you read.  His story-telling is superb - he is able to simultaneously tell a hideous story  and roll you on the floor laughing - with tears in your eyes.  I thought  the passage about his first communion was one of the funniest things I've  read in years - in the context of a certifiably hideous childhood.  <br />I  have no illusions that the people and events depicted here are in any way  representative of the Irish Catholic population in general - this is a  memoir, a very personal story, and never claims to be anything other than  that.  It's probably dressed up a bit - I never entirely trust a  &quot;memoir&quot; with direct quotes of lengthy conversations, especially  when the protagonist is too young to really remember verbatim statements.   But even tarted up, it's a great tale - makes you glad to be a German  Jew!<br />I recommend this book to anyone with an appreciation of fine writing  and a keen ear for the nuances and music of language.
B00000AFGM|5.0|I love this CD. Mr. Manson got rid of all the depressing goth music, but still kept his shocking lyrics and opinions. I've always been fascinated by Mr. Manson because of how outspoken he has always been, but I could never  listen to his music. I just didn't have all the rage and hate inside to  identify w/ past albums. Finally, on this CD the music has lightened to a  point where you can sing along and groove to the music, but not so much so  that feel like dancing (or puking). I also love his new image. He's way  glammed and he looks good.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie left me speechless.  I left the theater knowing that I had to see it again as soon as possible.<br />Am I the only person that started throwing their quarterly IKEA catalog in the trash because of this  movie?<br />I hope not.
B000001ELP|5.0|Although Kiss fans with no brains will say that this album is not the real Kiss, or it's not true to the original ideas and all of that. I think &quot;The Elder&quot; represents someof Kiss's best writing ever. It showed  a different side of the band.A party band, that is. You can't hep but get  chills with the beautiful string arrangements of &quot;Odyssey&quot; and  the amazing&quot;A World Without Heroes&quot;, in which Gene Simmons gives  oneof his best vocal performances. &quot;The Oath&quot; would  be a good  intoduction to Eric Carr to the band. And the haunting sounds of  &quot;under the Rose&quot; is unforgetable and chilling. Kiss fans who miss  out on this album are neglecting theselves of a true masterpiece by an  unlikely source.
B000002ULO|3.0|I like Calico Skies and some of the slower tempo songs. When I listen to &quot;Little Willow,&quot; my hope is that Paul will heed his own advice.
6302902010|3.0|i have seen this version on TV and tape before and found it to be well done.  Until finding this site i wasnt even aware there was a version from the 1950's with such great stars,no, Icons, as Sidney Poitier, Dorothy  Dandridge, Sammy Davis Jr., etc.  Having said that I'm sure this 90's  version does this no justice.  I have always loved the story of Porgy and  Bess, and in college had the opportunity to hear one of the older  soundtracks with Leontyne Price and Paul Robeson and others while  researching the life of G. Gershwin.  So my point of view is whatever  version you can get your hands on, watch it.  If anyone out there has the  50's version, email me PLEASE!   For posterity's sake!
B000007OW1|5.0|The recording output of Mariella Devia is a scandal. Here is one of the finest sopranos of our time, and she has been criminally ignored by all the major record companies, so we must thank Bongiovanni for taking their  microphones to record this important event. Mariella Devia sings  ravishingly, and with great feeling for the words. She finds the ideal  &quot;tinta&quot; for Violetta, joyous in the first act, dramatic in the  second, and very moving in the last. Giorgio Zancanaro, the finest Veri  baritone since Bruson has also been neglected lately. His Germont pere is a  model of true Verdi style, exquisite italian singing like in the old days.  The conductor is competent and the tenor quite acceptable, without matching  Devia or Zancanaro. If you want the finest 1990's La Traviata then, this is  it. Gheorghiu, Studer and Fabbrizini are nowhere in this class.
B000002JS6|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS ONE OF THE BEST THAT THEY HAVE COME OUT WITH. I LIKED HIGH VOLTAGE BETTER BUT THIS ALBUM IS GREAT NONE THE LESS. I HOPE U WILL CONSIDER BUYING THIS AWESOME ALBUM
6304132271|4.0|I picked this movie up on a whim, and I had trouble sleeping for several nights afterward. This is the one movie that I really liked Brad Pitt in.  Pitt really sinks his teeth into the role, and does not stand around the  entire time looking pretty.  He is a young cop in a tough city, and you can  feel it.  His partner, the older wiser Morgan Freeman, just oozes  intelligence and patience.  I have always admired Freeman's acting, and  this is just one more reason why.  Their somewhat mismatched partnership  leads them to one of the most bizarre serial killings that I have ever  viewed onscreen. Each connected murder just becomes more gruesome with each  turn, building up to one of the most twisted climaxes in the history of  filmmaking.  For me, the best part of the film is the brief appearance at  the end by Kevin Spacey; his character alone is enough for me to watch it  over and over again.  I really like this film; it is one of the few  intelligent moments in moviemaking of the 1990's.
0060282983|3.0|This is a good book it is about a pig runt but a girl saves it.  She sales to her uncle the pig meets a spider and they become friends.  All sorts of good things happened to the pig while they were good friends.  Charlotte, the spider, made an egg sack and died.  Wilbur, the pig, took care of the  egg sack until the baby spiders hatched.  This is a good story, to find out  more about it I think you should read it.
6303187064|5.0|This was my favorite movie when I was 16 years old.  I love the story, the characters, the cast. The film is very dark, literally and figuratively.  Still though, in the midst of that darkness is the love story of Eric and  Shelly.  Their murders spawn one of the most twisted and bittersweet  revenge-from-the-grave stories I have ever seen. The love story is a  central figure to Eric's return, but it doesn't weigh down the movie by  going into the sappiness territory. You really feel for Brandon Lee's  character, and you can't  help but cheer him on as he wastes those punk  losers who murdered him.  Michael Wincott (playing yet ANOTHER villain,  what's with that?) is perfect as the sadistic Top Dollar, and I love the  little girl on the skateboard.  The soundtrack is great too--a combination  of industrial, alternative, and a very haunting score.  The ending of the  movie always makes me cry. I won't give it away, but it does give you a  sense of hope in this dark and cynical world. I love this movie and would  recommend it as much for the drama as for the action sequences, which are  good too.  A beautiful tribute to Brandon Lee's memory.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is just such a cool movie. I watched it twice all the way through. The DVD is just great too with the extras. I particularly like the audio commentary and the white rabbit. It works great on PCs too. Loved it so much I converted to The Matrix look
1558807381|4.0|I am not a huge Tom Cruise fan; I'll admit that right off.  However, this is one of the few films that I have seen him in where I really like the character he portrays.  The story is not original: the damsel in distress,  the hero defeats evil and saves the day thanks in part to supernatural  forces, etc.  Still, though, this is an example of the kind of film that  does not get made anymore. A  film that tells a story, a film that captures  the imagination. So many films nowadays have lost that fantastical touch. I  still thoroughly enjoy this movie.  I especially love Tim Curry as  Darkness. He is made up so well, I couldn't even tell that it was him!  All  in all, a very good film from my childhood, one that I still enjoy today.
0440219078|4.0|The most peculiar book that I really enjoyed is entitled The Giver by Lois Lowry. The Giver is about a boy named Jonas whose world is perfect. Everything is under control. There is no war or fear or pain. There are no  choices. Every person is assigned a role in the community. When Jonas turns  twelve, he is singled out to receive special training from the giver. The  giver alone holds the memories of the true pain and          of life. Now  it's time for Jonas to receive and hear with the truth. This will cause a  problem that Jonas cannot turn back on. Some of the things I learned from  this book are that many people share fear and pain in the real world. But  no one forces the pain on one person or another because that is selfish and  cruel. However that is exactly what the members of the community forced on  Jonas and the giver, which is completely wrong. I would recommend this  excellent book to readers who are interested in weird, complicated, and  different books. If I could compare this book to another such as The Pearl,  I would rank them the same because they both were excellent books that I  really enjoyed.
6303921248|5.0|Being an English major, I am hugely critical of movies made from books.  This miniseries manages to capture the spirit of Jane Austen's novel without sacrificing any major plot points or characters throughout.  In  fact, it was this series that first got me hooked on Austen.  You will  delight in the locations and period costumes, and I guaruntee that you will  laugh at such characters as Mr. Collins.  The parallel love stories between  Elizabeth and Darcy and Jane and Bingley are charming and sweet, and it  just goes to show that love stories can be told without actors ripping each  other's clothes off in fits of passion. All in all, very comical, sweet,  and definitely worth owning.  You won't be disappointed.
B000002HHB|5.0|Tigerlily is one of the best CD's i have ever bought. Natalie is simply magnificent.  You can feel her words as if they are your own. She sings with such passion that i can't but be amazed every time I hear her voice.   It's great to have a singer that has it all, and can express for you what  you may be feeling at that time but cannot say. Natalie deserves nothing  less that five stars!
B000001ELD|1.0|Of all the solo's released under the kiss flag this ranks dead last! Gene was in a &quot;special.place&quot; I guess when he decided to do these tracks.  The highlight of this effort ( if there was an effort) is  radioactive . After listening to that song move directly to track 5 true  confessions. then to track 10 to re visit the rock and roll over album with   see you in our dreams. then turn you player of and put the disc in the  collectable column.In a word....delusional
B000000W5L|3.0|The Stones kicked around in a basement in the south of France and emerged with this long piece of attitude. Can they rock? Of course they can. Are these great or memorable songs? Not really. It's fine playing if you're in  the mood for grinding rock.
B000001ELF|4.0|Of all the 4 solo's albums recorded under the kiss flag, Ace's output was the most hard rockin' of them all. Tracks like &quot;rip it out&quot; and &quot;ozone&quot; hit the harded edge that his kiss counterparts could not  reach in their solo efforts.  The problem with this album is the sappy  tracks like &quot;new york groove&quot; and &quot;speeding back to my  baby&quot;..  Although out of all the solo's released by kiss in the late  days of 1978. ace had the most commercial success. This album is a  recommended purchase but is tempid to the listeners taste.
0380796090|5.0|This book turned me into a Marian Keyes fan for life.  I read this book in one sitting... I could not put it down. This is the perfect book to take on vacation and reading while relaxing in the sun.<br />Sit back with a maitai... suntan lotion... a big towel... and enjoy. =)
B000002C1Z|5.0|Do yourself a favor!  Light a scented candle. Buy a off coloredlight bulb preferably red and put in your bed side lamp. Open those mini blinds to let the moonlight cast errie shadows opon your bedroom walls.  Lay down on your  bed. Get snuggled up in the warm covers and PLAY THIS ALBUM! If your life  is full of pressures, job is killing you, boss on you back, screaming kids,  road rage, mother in law wants you dead etc. This album can bring you back  down. Relax and listen  Lyrics hold true to today's modern life. BUY THIS  AND ENJOY.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|You've got to hand it to Tom Morello. The man is polite,unassuming, and relatively quiet in &quot;real&quot; life. But man, hecan play the guitar like he's a ringin' a bell. Morello isn't a rock star, but he sure plays the guitar like a guitar god. Morello is the propulsive, sonic thrust of Rage Against the Machine, the most politically active band of the modern rock era.<br />The Battle of Los Angeles is the band's third and best album: it doesn't stray far from the band's signature style of hard rock and rap...Infighting within the band has been well documented, but nothing like their support of the Zapatista rebels in Mexico. The Battle of Los Angeles continues the band's call-to-arms of the lower and working classes. The &quot;message&quot; has always taken top priority with Rage, but this time, the album shares equal focus with the music. As a result, The Battle of Los Angeles can be enjoyed as a quality musical effort, not just as a soapbox for the band's political views. &quot;Guerrilla Radio,&quot; for example, is driven by a funky Morello riff, but talks of the alleged false imprisonment of Mumia Abu-Jamal in the United States, who's dilemma is discussed more extensively in &quot;Voice of the Voiceless.&quot; De la Rocha sings, &quot;as long as the rope / is tight around Mumia's neck / let there be no rich white life... my panther my brother we are at war until you're free&quot; Angst and anger continue with &quot;Calm Like a Bomb,&quot; &quot;Born of a Broken Man,&quot; and &quot;Born as Ghosts.&quot; This trio of songs is some of the hardest tunes Rage Against the Machine has ever recorded. &quot;Ashes in the Fall&quot; is the stunning zenith of the record, as a high-pitched guitar riff and glowing bridge erupt into a trademark Morello guitar crunch. Morello works more wonders on &quot;Born of a Broken Man,&quot; where he somehow manages to make his axe sound like bagpipes ... well, as close as you get to bagpipes.<br />Rage doesn't get &quot;melodic&quot; on this record, nor are there ballads or love songs -- it is not RATM's style, that's what makes them great. Sick of Hallmark card, syrupy-sweet love songs? Tune in to Rage Against the Machine for a dose of reality. Of course, the reality that Rage Against the Machine present may be too extreme for some. Like Nine Inch Nails, RATM is not a band for everybody. The anger in the music is a complete turn off for many people. But hey...Rage Against the Machine  just want us to realize that is within our power to change things.
B000001ELP|3.0|This album is a love or hate album. There is really no common ground to say its an ok album.  I gave it 3 stars due to the fact that is purpose as a conceptual album is lost.  The debut of fox man..eric carr is a plus.. he  brought a solid backbone to kiss music that was lacking in the peter criss  era..( with exception to the alive and destroyer albums).Highlights are  &quot;the oath&quot; and the killer track &quot; I &quot;. the song  &quot;world without heroes&quot; had commercial success and i kinda took a  liking to it until kiss appeared on the television show &quot;solid  gold&quot; to perform or should i say lip sync this song.  This album is a  must have for kiss fans like myself but it isnt a keeper for the fan that  lies the popular material
B000000W5H|3.0|&quot;Time Waits For No One&quot; &quot;It's Only Rock N' Roll&quot; and &quot;Ain't Too Proud to Beg&quot; are great songs, but the rest are pretty mediocre. Some people say that the Mick Taylor version of the band was the  best version. I say that this album and GOAT'S HEAD SOUP prove that the  Ronnie Wood and Brian Jones line-ups were superior. Yes, Mick Taylor was on  &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot;, one of the Stones' best, but he was on this,  too....
6304057709|5.0|My favourite movie.  So romantic and so funny, often at the very same moment.  I love the contrast between the formal manners - Hugh Grant in his high collar bowing stiffly to the curtseying ladies - and the blazing  passions below the surface.  Emma Thompson's script brings Jane Austen to  life for a modern audience without ever seeming to step out of period - a  difficult thing to do, witness most other period dramas on film.<br />Ang  Lee's direction draws the best out of a wonderful cast, and the screen is  filled with glorious visual images.  The silent and motionless shot of the  formal garden in early morning sunshine, seen through the window after a  night of crisis, has an exquisite beauty that seems almost Chinese...  And  in the scene where Elinor is left to drink a cup of tea on the stairs with  the rest of the family sobbing in their rooms, the way that the camera  pulls back and looks down on the gleaming disk of the tea's surface is the  work of a master.  Then the images of the men on horseback with cloaks  swirling - Willoughby's first appearance, and the scene where Colonel  Brandon gallops away between the trees... so romantic!<br />The relationship  between the two sisters is very moving, and beautifully played, as in the  scene on the hillside - 'There I fell, and there I first saw Willoughby...'   OK, so Emma Thompson is about 20 years too old for Elinor, but where are  you going to get a teenage actress who could give such a great performance?   And Kate Winslet is perfect and enchanting as Marianne.  Hugh Grant and  Alan Rickman, and all of the cast down to the minor characters are superb  too.<br />A great movie, and a joyous and deeply satisfying experience.
6303407188|3.0|I have to say, I really liked this when I saw it in a theater, and I rented it for a friend. Well, my friend didn't like it, and I have to say, watching it the second time with her, it seemed quite slow, in a way it  didn't seem in the first viewing. So it's not a good movie to see twice, I  guess. But it's quirky, and funny, with a performance I didn't expect from  Johnny Depp, since his persona is that of a brooder. But here he plays  comic stuff well. And I really liked the tolerant, humane philosophy it  projected, summed up in the exchange between Johnny Depp and one his crew:  &quot;Ed, you don't judge people.&quot; &quot;Of course not. If I did, I  wouldn't have any friends.&quot; I wish more people in this life had that  attitude!
B00000DHRZ|4.0|I've been on various sites...1/2 the fans love it,  1/2 say sellout. I LOVE IT &amp; all of their music. They aren't sellouts...they are a punk band, which means they mock everything out there and they never do the same  type of thing twice. That's what it's all about. They are one of the few  bands that actually GET that concept! It's great to see that they haven't  become the Wannabe's that they mock!
B00000ILBK|4.0|I agree with the sentiments of some other's reviews - it would make an excellent TV episode.  That said, I enjoy the TV episodes, so I enjoyed the movie as well.<br />Why do the bad guys in Star Trek always look so bloody  ugly?
B0000033RY|5.0|Cactus with original members was the best hard rock  band ever. Too bad Rusty Day is dead. Cactology is an excellent album, but it is sad that there is no live album from the original lineup. I have been around the  world looking for live bootleg, but couldn't find it. If anybody knows  where to find it, please let me know. If you like Cactus, check Rockets  (from Detroit). Also check Tommy Bolin, who was in the same league as Jim  McCarty.
0780625633|5.0|THE PERFORMANCES ARE BRUTALLY HONEST. THE STORY AND CHARACTERS ARE REAL.THIS MOVIE IS AS REAL AS YOU CAN GET,AS FAR AS GETTING INSIDE THE MINDS OF THESE INDIVIDUALS.THE VIOLENCE AND PROFANITY ADD TO THE REALITY OF  THESE GROUPS THAT ARE OUT THERE.THIS MOVIE SHOULD BE PART OF SOCIOLOGY  CLASSES IN ALL SCHOOLS.THE FLASHBACKS OF HOW AND WHY HE TURNED DOWN THE  PATH OF HATRED ADD TO THE CREDIBILITY OF THIS FILM.I OFTEN WONDER WHO  RESEARCHED THE MATERIAL FOR THIS FILM,BECAUSE THE MOVIE IS SO REAL,THAT YOU  CAN'T HELP BUT WONDER IF IT WAS BASED ON SOMEONES OWN REAL-LIFE  EXPERIANCE.IN ANY CASE THIS IS A MOVIE THAT SHOULD BE WATCHED BY THE WHOLE  FAMILY AND DISCUSSED AFTERWARD.SOMETIMES BRUTAL IN YOUR FACE HONESTY IS THE  ONLY WAY ONE CAN UNDERSTAND AND REALIZE THAT ALL HATE GROUPS WILL EXIST  ONLY IF WE LET THEM.
B000035Z1Z|5.0|I have always been a fan of Meg Ryan but Kevin Kline stole the show in this movie.  His French accent is so convincing that I thought it was real. The movie is lighthearted and fun. You never have to worry about the  outcome because it just feels good all the way through.  The scenery is  spectacular and the plot, although somewhat far fetched, still keeps your  attention. A first class movie for sure!
0767819594|5.0|What could be better than 3 talented, young actors who use manipulation and egotism to accomplish their goals?  Ryan Phillippe has mastered the art of acting in this film.  A must see for self-assuming young adults.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I found the Metallica S&amp;M album to be terrific.  Not only is it the only 'live' album that Metallica has released, it rocks.  The sounds of the San Francisco Symphony combined with the traditional power riffs of  Metallica blend perfectly.  This is a great album for new Metallica fans to  familiarize themselves with their entire body of work.  Metallica does the  best of their old stuff and even gives us a few brand new tracks.  The long  time Metallica fans will also enjoy the change of pace that this album  provides.  I have played this album for friends who have never been into  the &quot;metal&quot; scene or Metallica and they love it.  It's a great  start to a fledgling Metallica collection and a must for the die hard fan.   Get it.  You won't be sorry!  I also think the EXPLICIT LYRICS labelling is  a little strong.  There are only a few instances of foul language
B000002ADT|5.0|If I could only have one CD, this would be it.  I was not familiar with this music, but bought it on someone's recommendation (thank you!).  After hearing it for the first time, I listened to NOTHING but this CD for  several months.  The subtlety and spare richness (paradoxical but true) of  every cut are beyond belief.  Jazz afficionado or not, you must have this  work!  I would not change one note.
B00002E233|4.0|I had wanted to see this movie since summer but never got the chance. Watching it on DVD though made up for it. The sound to this movie was incredible. At times we felt we were really there in Aquatica. The scenes  were suspenseful and unpredictable. One scene though was taken right out of  the opening of Cliffhanger, but still seemed to work. Until the very end I  did not know who was gonna make it out alive. For the most part the sharks  seemed pretty realistic, but there were a few scenes where they looked  mechanical. I have seen better quality deleted scenes on DVD before, but  the documentaries and commentaries were very good. A great film to watch  with friends who get on edge very quickly. I was elbowed three times by the  girl sitting next to me from being startled. A great addition to my  collection.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I thought that this movie was awesome! I never was able to see it in the theatres, but when I rented it, it literally blew me out of my seat! The special effects are the latest availible and the storyline keeps you  guesing until the end. I especially liked the guns. They were cool.
0767835107|5.0|This film was blossoming in talented actors. Ryan Phillipe and SMG to be presise.  I'm a longstanding fan of SMG and everything she's done. But the next time I watch Buffy she's gonna look a whole lot different. The film it's self was loosly based around the story Dangerous liasons but more  modern. Both Ryan and SMG played characters wich we esseentialy know are  upto know good, yet the way you end up likeing them so much is remarkable.  The film will keep you on the edge of your seat. I would have never  expected the ending wich was delivered. I think this film is aimed at late  teens. Definately not one for family. If you ever feel the urge for a dose  of Sex, Drugs, Deciept and trickery then I definately recomend this film.  It's got SMG it has to be worth a look.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I SAW THESE GUYS IN CONCERT WITH AMEN AND COAL CHAMBER AND SLIPKNOT WAS THE SWEETEST FREAKIN BAND I HAVE EVER SEEN I BOUGHT THE C.D. THE NEXT DAY AND I WAS VERY PLEASED  you must buy this cd
0385486804|4.0|Great interspection on relationships in and outside family and the youthful wunderlust that affects a lot of post-adolescent men. I saw Chris McCandless as a smart yet unlucky and ill-prepared adventurer that had  found what he was looking for but stretched the envelope to far to get back  into society and put into practice the wisdom that he achieved on his trek.  Great book...
B000002NJS|5.0|This is a superb album.  It is well produced and the music is beautiful.  The lyrics are simple yet deep and somewhat thought provoking.  The artist herself shows an evolution in her vocal ability as well as her songwriting  style. Some clever moments are seen in tracks like &quot;Nothing really  matters,&quot; &quot;To have and not to hold,&quot; and  'The Power of  goodbye.&quot; The latter is a sad yet uplifting ballad which truly stands  out as one of Madonna's best tracks in the 90's.  Other songs like  &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and &quot;Frozen&quot; are good dance anthems that  stand out as very good pop material (although this album is touted as  &quot;electronica&quot; I wouldn't really place it in that  category---except for the fact that William Orbit's genius is behind it).    In general I believe this album to be a great recording and I'd like to  take a moment to tell all of those people who &quot;review&quot; this album  (or any other for that matter) and say a bunch of horrible things only to  anger other fans or to insult the artist, you people need to grow up, stop  being stupid and offensive.  If you don't like a book, CD, movie or any  other product please be objective and explain in your review what the flaws  may have been.  Don't just say that this or that stinks or &quot;I want my  money back&quot;type of cliches.  Those readers and listeners who actually  respect others expect more from Amazon than to read your ridiculous little  brain type of comments, OK?
B0000028PI|5.0|Die hard fans might hate me for saying this, but this is Alice Cooper's hard rock masterpiece! This is a fantastic album, yeah it's not as raw and bluesy as his 70's albums nor is the story eeire or as bizarre as his late  70's/early 80's records went. Alice shows he still has what it takes to be  alive and heard in the mid-90's.  This cd is filled with great lyrics and  music, albeit, most with the help of outside songwriters and studio  musicians, that won't even bother you after listening to the first track  Sideshow.  It rocks, and never lets up from there.  The cool-singin' Alice  shows up on Nothing Free and turns anthematic on track 3 Lost in America.   A teen-age anthem.  Aso another great concert album, which Alice is the master in making. Every song is a  story in itself, making it great for singles.  As a bonus, Chris Cornell,  formerly of Soundgarden, writes a track, co-writes a track, and sings  back-up on Stolen Prayer.  A great concept story and it all finally gels together with terrific songwriters contributing lyrics and music (i.e. Cornell, Shaw, Blades, etc.)...and in my opinion his best \\"concept\\" work to date, surpassing the under-rated From the Inside and the over-rated Welcome to my Nightmare.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I bought this CD without having any idea what to expect.  I had never heard of Moby.  I simply had read a review of the &quot;Best CD's of the Decade&quot;, which cited Spin Magazine's claim that Moby's PLAY was within  the top 10.  Well, I felt brave.  Willing to take a risk and try something  different (I loved Fatboy Slim, so I figured, what the hey), I bought it.   LOVED IT IMMEDIATELY.  What an excellent CD.  And as some other reviewers  stated already, you can't put a label on Moby's style of music.  I recently  caught part of an HBO &quot;Reverb&quot; during which Moby made an  appearance.  I can only hope that he will return to Columbus for a repeat  performance.  He is so talented.  Multi-dimensional.  This CD is great for  anyone who wants something a bit different.  It's fun, funky, mellow,  everything in between.
B000003NA4|4.0|I first saw and heard Diana Krall on Session on 54th. I had no idea who this gal was. Fortunately for me she just began &quot;Peel me a grape&quot;. I was floored. Not only is she a talented song writer, but her  voice, wow! Sultry and steamy, she's hot! I liken her to a female version  of Lyle Lovett. Do yourself a favor, buy the &quot;Love Song&quot; cd,  you'll be happy you did...
0553108034|5.0|A Clash of Kings reminds me of Dune-compelling characters, devious plots, and dialogue so savory that I found myself re-reading many of the scenes.  Even characters with minor roles (such as Arya's fencing master) have such  tantalizing histories and personalities that I thought of them long after  they'd gone from the pages.  The characters in Clash of Kings are never  static; they live and breathe (and die).  Sansa, who is shallow and spoiled  in the first novel, manages to gain dignity.  The Hound, that dastardly  villain, actually....  Well, I suppose I shouldn't say.  Read this book!
6304383827|2.0|This review refers to the Gwyneth Paltrow version of Emma. I have seen all three versions, and I have to say that even though the Kate Beckinsale version is not totally in line with the book, it is far superior! Gwyneth  comes across as a spoiled brat, trying to bring herself to some imprortance  by running everyone's lives, with or without their permission. She is not  that pretty to begin with, and then her hairstyles make her look positively  bald! It may look very sophisticated on screen, but not in reality. Jeremy  makes a wonderful short, fat, slobby Mr. Knightley, the thought of Mr.  Knightley slouching in a chair is not my ideal. His dancing at the ball  looked worthy of a ballet dancer dramatizing &quot;The Dying Swan&quot;,  pathetic. Mark Strong looks distinguished,even while dancing. Toni is a  very SIMPLE Harriet, I know that in the book she was supposed to be simple,  but she acts like a single digit IQ student! The portrait, her dancing, and  the facial expressions were TOO much. She was  wiping her nose with her  hand everytime you (or she) turned around. Blah. The one nice thing about  the movie is the scenery, but you can't focus on that, with the terrible  acting!
B000003BEV|4.0|In some of their songs, the Stones had a way of starting off softly and building into a great finale. &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot; (not on this album) and &quot;She's A Rainbow&quot; (on this  album) are a couple of examples. Not their best all around effort from the  early days, but still good. This album is often labeled as an imitation of  Sgt. Pepper because it was released shortly thereafter and because John  Lennon said it was. Lennon's ego was so big that he thought everyone wanted  to copy him, while he overlooked the fact that he was emulating everyone  from the Beach Boys, the Byrds, and Bob Dylan to the Stones. Despite what  he might have believed, one has to question his judgement. After all, he  also thought that Yoko Ono was good enough to bring into the Abbey Road  studios to record. Anyone want to publicly agree with him on that?
6302642175|5.0|Haven't seen the DVD or Video of Tron. But I loved the movie. Recommend it to all.  For those of you who are Tron fanatics like me, I wonder if Tron is a veiled retelling in science fiction of the life of Christ and the  history of Christianity.<br />   For those who think I am crazy, look at the  story line.  A fallen world (the computer world controlled by the  MCP) is  cut off from its creator (the users)by a malicious and evil being hostile  to his creator.  All believers in the creator of the world (Tron and RAM  and the like) are viciously persecuted by this evil force hostile to the  creator of their world (MCP and Sark).  The creator of the world (Flynn)  has to become incarnate in the form of his own creation to save it. The  creator (Flynn) works miracles by reviving dead people (Laura). The creator  incarnate (Flynn) has to suffer death (by flinging himself into the MCP so  that Tron can destroy the MCP).  The major saint of the story  (Tron)proclaims at the end of the movie to his girlfriend the good news  that the creator incarnate has saved us by his death. The creator  experiences a resurrection experience and returns to the world beyond to  take his rightful place in control of the universe (Flynn's rightful take  over of the business stolen from him by his enemies).<br />Am I reading things  into this movie? Watch the end of the movie just before the credits when  the real world is superimposed on the graphics of the computer world. Is  this a commentary that we are indeed playing out the Tron senario in our  own everyday lives in the struggle to be as loyal to our creator as Tron  was to his? <br />Many people are confused by the plot line of Tron. I think  this might explain it.  If you've seen this movie a hundred times, watch it  again looking at my explanation of the meanings of it. It may make more  sense, then again maybe not.
0446310786|5.0|Although my sister had told me that she loved this book, I wasn't very enthusiastic when I first started reading it. I didn't think that I would find it very interesting. But after reading 15 pages or so, I was surprised  at how engaging the book was. Harper Lee narrates the story in a style that  is totally unpretentious yet very clever and sophisticated. She captures  the attitudes of the children in a way that is absolutely irresistible, and  she describes the world through the eyes of a six-year old with amazing  detail. The result is a sometimes hilarious and ultimately heart-warming  story that is never boring. I felt sad when I finished the book because I  felt I was leaving my best friends; I felt homesick.
B000002MTU|5.0|This disk is superb.  A great selection of cover blues songs that Eric arranges and performs with the experienced guitar and mature vocals he has developed over years of experience.  Buy it for someone who has never heard  the blues and they'll get a good idea of what blues is all about.  Can't  rave enough, you'll be hooked.
B00001QEE7|5.0|Disney's The Little Mermaid was a fantastic film by itself, and still maintained its grandeur on DVD.  It maintains the 1.66:1 aspect ratio and offers Dolby Digital 5.1 Audio all in crisp video and audio, respectively.   Remember, it is an 83 minute film on a dual-layer DVD, I am guessing Disney  increased the bit rate for better quality.<br />Now, not only was the transfer  done well, making it technically satisfying, it was also aesthetic  pleasing.  For example, the label on the DVD surface itself was very nice,  and utilized a full rainbow of colours to make up a pleasant picture of  Ariel, Sebastian and Flounder.  The DVD menus were pleasing, with pictures  of various characters from the film.<br />The DVD contains French and Spanish  language tracks which makes for a great opportunity to get children  involved in multilingualism.  I think the only major drawback to Disney's  The Little Mermaid release on DVD is the lack of extra features usually  associated with DVD's other than multiple language tracks.  I was hoping to  see a theatrical trailer, factoids, or perhaps a making-of special included  as a bonus.<br />Although Disney's The Little Mermaid differs dramatically  from the original version written by Hans Christian Andersen, I believe it  was produced well enough to stand on its own and be its own tale.  I highly  recommend bringing this wonderful film into one's home on DVD.  Try to get  it before it goes on moratorium, 2000/02/07.
630398021X|5.0|Strange Days is a visually stunning movie. If you enjoyed such movies as Blade Runner and Logan's Run, you should be enthralled with Strange Days. The movie's plot is multi-layered and extremely intricate and James  Cameron's effort of weaving it into one climatic finish is simply a  masterpiece. Part of the movie's brilliance is Ralph Fiennes' character,  Lenny Nero. His complex personality and human vulnerability can't help but  make you pull for him and he does not disappoint. I enjoyed this movie so  much, I've forgotten how many times I have seen it. I own both regular and  widescreen and will buy the DVD version also. Strange Days can either be  labeled as a thriller, a mystery, science fiction or suspense and it is a  movie that should not be missed!
B00000K22N|3.0|I am an Enigma collector and this 2 CD set is basically a release of the first album on disc one and a compilation of 2 single-CD's on the second disc. If you don't have those singles (they are hard to find) this is a  good addition to your collection.
0380713802|5.0|I loved this book. I have read it several times over the years especially on planes and I laugh so hard each time. The comments about it being racist and Mean spirited are unfounded . Its funny and hilarious. I am European  living in the United States and I have travelled around Europe and found  similar situations. Enjoy the book for what it is . I plan on reading it  again real soon.
B0000296SI|5.0|I think Enema of the State, by Blink 182, is a great CD. It mixes their origional punk and some pop to create a great CD.  They also have a great live performance!
B00000K31Q|4.0|Preparing a paper for my Shakespeare class on productions of &quot;Taming of the Shrew,&quot; I decided to rent &quot;10 Things.&quot;  Now, granted, I tend to be an incurable romantic.  That said, I absolutely adored this  film.  I loved picking out the relation between the film and the play.  It  was great, because it helped me somewhat with my paper.  I thought it was  cute, sweet, adorably funny, incredibly romantic...all around a wonderful  movie.
B0000296SI|5.0|I think Enema of the State, by Blink 182, is a great CD. It mixes their origional punk and some pop to create a great CD.  They also have a great live performance!
0312932081|5.0|This is THE book.  Set in a futuristic setting and wild surroundings, the book not only copes with deep personal and human issues, but does it from the point of view of a child.  Though it is an easy read, this in no way  detracts from its value as a quality piece of literature.  The story is  summarized in many other reviews, so I won't do that here.  However, I  would encourage anyone reading this (especially those who may have read the  book) to find the comments from Orson Scott Card (yes, he actually wrote  in!) in the archives: September 7th.  If you've read other reviews  criticizing Card's style, this is a perfect place to see the reasoning  behind it.
B0000296SI|5.0|I think Enema of the State, by Blink 182, is a fresh, new, cd that mixes their original punk with a little bit of pop. All their songs are about real life experience's and thats important. They also have a really good  live show if your intrusted in seeing them live!
0679746048|5.0|Like Invisible Monsters, the introspective look and feel of this book is great, dealing with the characters questionable sanity. The back and forth timeline works, jumping to and from different stages in the character's  life in a beautiful way.
0671027344|5.0|This is truly one of the best books ever written reflecting on the high school experience.  The characters are great.  This author is defenitly going places.
6305499365|4.0|Having been, in my more desperate days, a server for the oppressively corporate T.G.I. Friday's restaurant chain, I can say with some authority that Mike Judge based Chotchkie's more on Friday's than on Chili's or  Applebee's or any of those other horrible chains. The &quot;flair&quot;  rules to which Jennifer Anniston's character is forced to adhere are  absolutely dead-on correct. In fact, about the only difference between  Chotchkie's and Friday's is that the vertical stripes on the servers'  shirts are green, not red. &quot;Office Space&quot; is a cult film in that  it really speaks to a certain segment of society to the point of leaving  those outside that segment in the dark. Of course, the number of Americans  who work in cubicles in suburban technology parks (and also in corporate  theme restaurants) number in the millions, so the &quot;Office Space&quot;  cult could be a very large one. Basically, if you work or have worked in  one of these environments, you'll probably love this film. If you haven't,  then it probably won't be so compelling. As far as the plot goes, it's very  wicked and cutting and easy to follow, until Peter's fraud scheme kicks in;  then &quot;Office Space&quot; becomes a rather pedestrian heist flick. But  the first 80% of the film is incredibly funny, with lots of memorable  characters and unforgettable lines. My favorite exchange: &quot;What would  you do if you had a million dollars?&quot; &quot;2 chicks at the same time,  man.&quot;
6302038308|2.0|The sequel to Stephen King's, The Evil Dead. I don't know why, but is there something about writers who just have to make a sequel to practically every Stephen King classic out there  and transform it into a laughing  stock? The plot  continues where the original left off, on an isolated  heath with a cabin. Bruce Campbell and his wife go to stay in this cabin,  little realising that the cabin is inhabited by murderous evil spirits. But  as the bodies pile up Bruce must fight for survival if he wants to defeat  the evil once and for all. this film though ludricous, is watchable. Stupid  this film may be, but at the same time it made my sides split open with  laughter!
B0000027I6|5.0|What God wants is for a certain pigheaded individual to sack up and reunite with his old band. Life is too short to harbor petty grudges.  ............ a great album nonetheless.
B000031XCR|5.0|I THING THIS YOUNG LADY HAS ACHIEVED MORE IN THE MUSIC WORLD IN THE LAST TEN YEARS THEN MANY HAS ACHIEVED IN A LIFE TIME.......
B00003000M|1.0|Being raised in the Hawaiian Islands, I have been a reggae fan since elementary school.  I knew Bob Marley before I knew Led Zeppelin.  I am severely bothered by this recording.  There are just some things you DONT  DO, and this is one of them.  It is desecration of a legend for the sake of  a few bucks.  I agree with the other reviewer...SHAME SHAME SHAME
6302862949|4.0|The most important point about &quot;White Nights&quot; is the concept that once the individual refuses to live the totalitarian lie, it will triumph.  This is expressed through the Hines/Baryshnikov dance sequences,  which are sheer joy to watch.  Taken in this context, the movie as a whole  (yes, including the storyline) is an important part of the Cold War  lexicography.  &quot;White Nights&quot; illustrates a fundamental truth:   it wasn't military or economic forces that won the Cold War, but the human  spirit.
B000002GK1|5.0|One of the best albums ever made. Great music and serious lyrics. I love it.
6305603847|5.0|Most clearly put, this movie is a spellbinding artistic masterpiece.  It will evoke every possible emotion and leave you wanting more of even those that are &quot;negative&quot;.<br />Roger Waters knew when the album itself, a  masterpiece all its own, was made that he wanted to eventually make an  accompanying screenplay.  The fact that the music of The Wall forms a story  on its own is a testament to Waters' vision.  There is very little script  in this movie, it is more of a visual aide to the music itself, and allows  us to see what Waters really wanted us to see when the album was originally  released.  It is like an art gallery more than a movie, where each scene is  full of both powerful meaning and subtle expression.<br />It spotlights the  roller coaster ride of Pink's tumultuous life, who is reportedly based on  several influences.  From Roger Waters' own personal past, to his views on  the influence of drugs on music and performance, to thoughts of the  mentally unstable former member of Pink Floyd, Sid Barrett, this movie will  both shock and move you.<br />I honestly cannot describe this movie and give  it the justice it deserves.  You simply must see it.<br />As for the DVD  itself, the remastering is truly phenomenal.  From start to finish the  video is crisp, and the sound.. my god the sound.  I dont know if I will  ever find a movie which possesses equal richness of sound.  This DVD uses  both senses to their fullest potential.<br />Some person commented that the  widescreen format meant losing a portion of the picture.  Au contraire,  widescreen is the only picture where you capture everything through the  eyes of the director's camera.  It is the full screen format which loses  the sides of the picture by stretching and trimming to a (roughly) 4:3  ratio.  Unfortunately however, being only available in widescreen format on  this DVD, those viewers with small televisions might be faced with a  vertically short, albeit complete picture.<br />The DVDextras and menus are  incredible.  This is the first DVD I have seen which has menus to configure  your sound system for optimum performance (speaker position and test).  And  the sound.. did I mention the sound? <br />This movie and DVD version deserves  far more than 5 stars, and is the definitive &quot;Final Cut&quot; of Roger  Waters' vision.
B000002LIX|2.0|I love Nothings shocking. It is Perrys masterwork, this seems tiered to Me. If You want something that sounds like NS this is not it. I was very disappointed.
B00000K19E|5.0|Check It!  This movie was great.  The whole &quot;are we just pawns in a giant chess game of life&quot; concept blew my mind.  The special effects, the format, the movie in general and the actors did a great job.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Great album, I've followed Metallica for years. This album is a masterpiece. I was at the second night of this performance, and was in awe for days afterwords. I've been to other 'special' small venue Metallica  performances, including the rehearsel show for the Black Album a few weeks  before it released. This performance is by far the strongest I've heard.  This album is a must have for any Metallica enthusiast.
6305627401|5.0|i almost died laughing! i've watched it about 8 times now and i still laugh.
156895557X|5.0|This was such a quality book. It was well told, and well written.  I am sure we all wish we had a teacher like Morrie Schwartz.  It supplies some major life messages about love, relationships, fear, and death. I have a  grand father that is dieing from ALS and it was so close to reality.  I  recomend everyone read this book or at least watch the move!
B00000K0DQ|4.0|Dead Man Walking is a clear-eyed look at the death penalty. It never takes sides, and its point seems to be that, regardless about your thoughts on the death penalty, EVERYONE involved is made to suffer in one way or  another. While the movie was intelligently written and directed, the two  leads make this movie the emotional gut-punch it is. Sarandon won an Oscar,  but for me, Penn turned in the better performance. His angry denials of his  involvement in the crime and desperate attempts to make others believe his  innocence erode and finally give way as the inevatibility of what is about  to happen to him bring him to tearfully admit his culpability and beg for  forgiveness from those he has hurt. These scenes will burn into your  conscienceness forever. Definitely a movie to absorb and then sort out in  your mind later. Dramatic and powerful.
2218717166|5.0|Indispensable. It's THE reference for verbs and verbal grammar. I much prefer it to &quot;501 Verbs&quot; because (1) it concisely provides each unique conjugation pattern once and only once (which makes it easier to learn the pattern), and (2) irregular forms are highlighted in red.<br />If  you haven't finished at least one year of college French (maybe two) I'd  suggest that you start with the English version. There's a tremendous  amount of information in the grammer section that you really won't  understand well until you speak pretty decent French. What I'd really like  to suggest is that you buy both versions, Use the English book until you are comfortable with the one in French and then pass it on to some budding Francophile. Bonne chance!
B00002E233|4.0|While many of the special effects in this film are cheesy and unrealistic, it is a great movie.  I love these types of creature flicks.  Don't watch this movie expecting to see Jaws because nothing could live up to the  horror and suspense of Jaws.  This movie is more like Anaconda with sharks;  poor special effects, good plot, and lots of laughs.  Plus the DVD has lots  of cool extras.
B000009M5E|4.0|This was the recording that brought &quot;La Boheme into the stereo era.  Released in 1959, it used a &quot;stereo&quot; effect that has always rankled,  and one that for me, keeps it just below the top rung of the  ratings.  Plain and simple, the orchestra has been placed prominently in  the front, and the voices have been placed significantly further back -----  thus attempting to simulate the sound balance of an actual opera house  performance.  This may work in the opera house, but I find it somewhat  annoying on a recording.  Once past that, however (and the ear eventually  adjusts to it) the actual performance becomes a joy to listen to.  Tebaldi,  as usual for that period in her career, is vocally resplendent.As always  with her, she is expressive, but in a somewhat generalized way.  Carlo  Bergonzi, like his illustrious partner, has a beautiful lyric instrument,  but he too is none too specific in the way of characterization.  Ettore  Bastianini sings a touching Marcello, and as Musetta, Gianna d'Angelo goes  through the paces relatively pleasantly.  Tullio Serafin, like on his 1958  recording of &quot;Butterfly&quot; (also with Tebaldi and Bergonzi), is  serene, yet a little static.     This is not a particularly dramatic  performance, but it is beautifully sung, most notably by Tebaldi and  Bergonzi.  At the price, it stands as a good buy.
B000020617|4.0|at firts with basically every album i own, i wasn't sure, but after a couple of times i loved it and saw how it had improved on the previous ones, which had a couple of really good songs but some dead wood, unlike  here where it is very consistent. love the ECD and the lyrics, every CD  should have that, especially with FF when the lyrics can be hard to  recognise. liked the previous, then you'll like this one.
0316743003|5.0|Excellent, detailed historical and personal account of the Skunk Works! Great book for military aircraft buffs!
B000001E3L|5.0|This album is hot. Appearing on this album includes, Jimmy Witherspoon : When will I become a Man, Four O'Clock in the Morning, Junior Wells the &quot;great Blues Ledgend and candy is Dandy Dulfer on Sax. The album is a  blast to listen to, as a &quot;Van the Man&quot; favorite, this is my all  time best album. Take a chance, it is his best work since Hymns to Silence  and Lonely Ave.
B00000JSJC|5.0|I think this is one of the best science fiction movies i have ever seen! Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. Angela Bassett is just as intense, very hardcore! and the ending scene is so romantic. this movie definately  convinced me not to be in any major city during new years!
6305451591|5.0|Life is Beautiful is one of the best films I have enver seen.  It is truly a masterpiece.  The movie is able to actually make you believe  that there is always a way when there is hope and lots of love.<br />Life is Beautiful is  a mix bag of joy, worries, laughter, love and tenderness... and that is  precisely what life is all about.  Throughout the movie you are able to  laugh and cry with the characters and their personifications. That was the  best part in my opinion, you come to realize that today you laugh, tomorrow  you cry, and then you laugh again... that is why life is beautiful.<br />The  setting is beautiful, The acting is magnificent. Not to mention that Guido  is the ideal man that all women dream of... caring, persistent, funny,  charismatic, a great dad, a wonderful husband.  EXCELLENT MOVIE!
0684867621|2.0|I have been a fan of Stephen King since Carrie came out; I thought, and still think, that The Shining is a masterpiece unequaled by any other horror author.  However, I was terribly disappointed in this book.  The story starts out with good information about the family nucleus, and as the  story begins and the family starts their trek through the woods, I could  really feel the emotions going through their minds, and the strong  connection between the brother and sister.  When the little girl disappears  in the blink of an eye, I felt that this was the beginning of a very scary  story, filled with lots of supernatural influence.  Instead, I began to get  bored because nothing much was happening;  there were points when the story  built and I felt that the moment was just around the corner when I would  find King's sense of darkness and true horror, only to read on and say this  is it? The plot of the story about a little lost girl all alone in the dark  woods conjures up terror and unimaginable fear that I felt just didn't  happen. I would say the book is an OK read, but definitely not up to King's  usual standard of writing...
B00000J7RZ|3.0|This is not the best CD I've heard, but, it is not the worst and it is certainly better than most.  I enjoyed 'Waiting For Tonight' because I like to dance.  There are, for that reason, other tracks on this CD I also  enjoyed.  However, don't take my word for it.  One man's treasure is  another man's trash.  I believe artistic value reflects individual taste  only.  If you enjoy Jennifer Lopez, then buy it.  If you're not sure or  have never heard any of the songs on this CD, download a portion of it or  borrow the CD from a friend.  If you like it, the it IS of artistic value  and you should go ahead and buy it.  My suggestion is even if you only like  one track, go ahead and by it.  Who knows what other of her songs you may  grow into.  Whatever the case, if you enjoy dance tracks, then I recommend  this CD.
B0000000LI|5.0|Having listen to thousands of classical &amp; orchestral songs, a lot of them are well-done, including this one.<br />Yanni's songs themselve are among the best in the new ages music. I really love some piece like Within  attraction, Nostalgia, One man' dream...etc, in their original version. But  this time, the performer is one of the world famous orchestra, the Royal  Philharmonic, which helped increase atmosphere. And from my opinion, this  is one of the best performence by the RPO. The result is, the better  version of the already-great songs.
B00000G5VI|5.0|After his overproduced bottom-out period in the late 1980s, and the mixed reception of his angry old men project &quot;Tin Machine,&quot; Bowie came out with really creative and interesting album that wasn't even available  in the US for years after its release. I brought it as an import when it  came out, and instantly thought it was his best work since Scary Monsters.  The whole album is just Bowie and his bass player from the Sound and Vision  tour playing all the instruments, recorded in something like 12 days. You  get the sense there was a lot of FUN in making this album--somehow there's  a giddiness to it in its strangeness, and attempt to recapture some of the  more artistic moments of Bowie's career, like the late 1970s. The ambient  stuff is wonderful, but its the pop songs that make the album. It is much  less polished than some of his previous and more recent stuff, and it works  in favor of the music. Every Bowie fan should own it.
0393316041|3.0|It's just not as funny nor as interesting as the jacket blurbs led me to believe.Yes, there are some interesting stories, and he is a curious character, but I started scanning instead of reading after the halfway  point. It is by no means a poor book, but a lot of his so called-adventures  may leave you feeling &quot;so what?&quot;
B000021XR5|5.0|Not going to over-analyze this.  It rocks.  The hooks are there, the production is top-notch.  The single 'Down', for instance, has all instruments in such cohesion that notes seem to attack, decay, level and  release as one instrument - very punchy bass and low-mids.  My question is,  where did all the great new material come from?  They certainly did not use  it up on the 'Talk Show' release.
B00001YXH5|5.0|FINALLY!  A superior capture of a Cirque du Soleil performance.  I sufferied through the last two (&quot;Novelle Experience&quot; and &quot;Saltimbanco&quot;) disappointing videos.  Watching one missed  opportunity after another, I had to draw from my memory of being at the  performance to complete the picture. Or else I had to overcome annoying  camera tricks.  At last there is a film that enhances the experience of  &quot;Quidam&quot; that surpasses the visions one gets from a a seat in the  audience, and ALMOST equals the experience of being there.<br />Let me  explain.  Camera shots and close-ups are much improved over previous  ventures (I have not seen the film of &quot;Alegria&quot;), and now are  better integrated into the overall experience. Rather than trying to  perform camera stunts of their own (there are some exceptions), the  viewpoint tries to capture or comment on what is being filmed..  The sound  quality (captured  from a live performance) is supurb.<br />And the acts are  wonderful.  Many are actually more enjoyable [to me] than in my two live  viewings because of the viewpoint of this film.  While some are not as  impressive as some past acts have been, the way the entire production  encompasses their essence improves their impact.  And some of the acts,  quite frankly, are simply as good as it gets. <br />But in this instance, the  whole is far greater than the parts.  This has always been a Cirque trait,  but is particularly evident in &quot;Quidam&quot;.  The vision that  permeates every frame of this film, every motion of every performer, every  brush stroke in every make-up, every note in the score, every stitch in  every costume--  is as advanced as anything seen in any art-form -painting,  dance, theater, music, athletic arts, light, sound, technical theatre --all  fully expressed in one overwhelming artistic statement that produces no  less than a state of awe.  Hey, but that is what you expect from Cirque du  Soleil.  <br />You get it here.  For the first time (in my humble opinion) on  film.  And now you can sit at home in comfort and admire it again and  again-- and you can show your friends what it is like to be in a very  special world of enchantment.
B000002OMN|5.0|Wow, people either love Meatloaf and Jim, or they hate them. I love 'em.I am only now finding out that several of the anthem type songs I loved as a teenager were Jim Steinmann(sp?) penned, but it shouldn't be a surprise. I  fell hard for the single &quot;I'd Do Anything For Love&quot; and when I  finally got around to buying Bat2, my fate was sealed. I've liked Meatloaf  since Rocky Horror, but I'm one of the few people on the planet who never  heard Bat1, until recently:)What a voice!  What incredible lush phrasing  and music to work with!  What a fantastic and captivating live performer!   Bat2 is one of the CDs I'm always going to own, like Billy Joel's 1&amp;2,  or Madonna's Immaculate Collection. Some things never go out of Style, and  Meatloaf and Jim's baroque rock and roll vision is one of them!
B00002EPMF|5.0|Chuck Schuldiner is one of the few rock (metal)musicians around with both the courage and ability to progress and evolve on each release. While Metallica and Megadeth have gone AOR and Slayer rehashes &quot;Reign in  Blood&quot; ad nauseum - &quot;Fragile Art of Existence&quot; shows that it  is possible to make metal that it sounds fresh, refined, and (of course)  brutal.
B0000047CX|5.0|My parents tell me that I was probably conceived while this album was playing in the background back in 1969, and it's easy to hear why.  Even if you're not a jazz fan, this smooth, classic recording is a must have for  any lover of good music.
0767835255|2.0|In a grand attempt to instill a healthy dose of national fear during these glory days of booming economy and virtual peace, Air Force One puts Harrison Ford in the only good guy-type role he has left to play--dream President of the U.S. of A. <br />AFO, like those Clancy-based  political-actioners, is technically pretty snazzy. But it also suffers from  a ham-fisted arrogance.  I mean, who would have thought we'd actually see a  movie where the prez himself becomes the super-dude (Bilbo Clinton would  need to cut down on the cheeseburgers, lose the gray, and run four million  laps around the White House to be up to such a task).  <br />The minor  cleverness of AFO stems from director Wolfgang Peterson's ability to set an  unbelievable situation squarely in the realm of the possible, kind of.   Sometimes it works, but the apple pie propaganda gets pretty gooey,  especially toward the end.  A Presidential sounding horn section plays in  the background every time Marshall kicks a vodka-drinking scuzball in the  groin, and the brow-beating of the first family becomes a melodramatic  hoot.  <br />That's AFO in a nutshell: simple-minded jingoism masked as  escapist adventure.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I suppose it was a logical things for Metallica to do, given that they've been trying unusual things and taking risks since &quot;Load&quot; - basically doing anything but the usual things expected from a testosterone  heavy metal band. <br />This is a great album - not because it tries to get  metal-heads to &quot;listen to some real music&quot; or foist some kind of  metal-cred on the symphony guys, but because this lot obviously rehearsed  and worked out some damn good arrangements that (shock!horror! ) actually  enhance the power and weight of some of Metallica's best songs. <br />Very  interesting, very good.
B000002OX7|5.0|When you give this album a ring you can't help but notice how it overwhelms you with dynamics.  More than any other album by this band this album shows raw power and poise.  It ranges from the anthem like Baba  O'Riley and Wont Get Fooled Again, to the tender ballads such as Song is  Over, and Behind Blue Eyes.  This is truly an exciting listen for anyone.
B000006NPY|3.0|I am a huge Smashing Pumpkins fan.  I've seen them in concert 6 times (that's not a misprint) including Lollapollooza 3.  They are my favorite band but, for some reason, I just can't get into this albumn. I yearn for  the Pumpkins of old and, although I know there will never be another  Siamese Dream, I know that they still have that kind of emotion and talent  in them.  I can't wait to hear them truly &quot;plug back in&quot; and rip  up on a new albumn.  Billy, if by some chance you're reading this, you know  there are a lot of bands out there making loud noise these days - Korn,  SevenDust, Incubous, etc. But, none of them put it together like you guys.   Come back and show them what a Rhinoceros really sounds like!<br />Long live  the Smashing Pumpkins and songs like &quot;Bodies&quot;,  &quot;Mayonaise&quot;, &quot;Frail and Bedazzled&quot;, &quot;Siva&quot;,  &quot;Cherub Rock&quot;, &quot;JellyBelly&quot; and my favorite,  &quot;Mouths of Babes&quot;
B00000FZ1V|5.0|The picture quality is great and is widescreen, but whats better is the extra features including commentary, featurrettes, drawings, and cut scenes.  If you have a DVD player, you must get this DVD!
B000003TA4|5.0|Probably one of the top 3 rock albumns of the decade, the songs and style of this band captured a group of young people yearning for new music.  Curt Cobain and company spawned a generation of flannel wearing youth and  unknowingly launched the careers of Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Alice in  Chains, Smashing Pumpkins and countless others into the limelight.  THIS  ONE ALBUMN signifies the end of 1980's hair-spray rock n' roll and the  beginning of what we are experiencing right now with bands like Green Day,  Korn and Blink 182.  Curt Cobain is the father of this modern rock and this  albumn is his bible!
B000002U82|5.0|This is the best place to start when getting into Pink Floyd.  This album rocks all the way through. If you like this go on to Wish you were here, then The Wall and Animals.
B00000JZIK|5.0|I like to see certain things in movies, and &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; has them in abundance- great acting, a great plot and an extra something special that sets this film apart from the others. Easily, this movie could  have become a lame copy of &quot;Reservoir Dogs&quot;, but instead we are  treated to some stunning performances on the part of Gabriel Byrne, Kevin  Pollock, Stephen Baldwin, Chazz Palminteri, and- especially -Kevin Spacey.  Better still, the screenwriters were kind enough to give us a clever plot  which whipsaws us between different versions of what might have happened,  always making the viewer question what actually happened. The ending is  never spelled out, and the screenwriters have enough confidence in their  audience to challange us to figure out what-is-what.
B000000WI4|5.0|Thank God for Amazon.Com! After misplacing our Mr. Lucky CD (Or perhaps it magically disappeared), and looking high and low, over the  hills and through the woods (in our area,at least) I finally found this wonderful  piece of music history! Its truly an icon by John Lee Hooker!
0385484518|5.0|I read this book when my mother was dying. It helped me to live every day to my fullest for myself and for her.  It also helped me understand my mother's fears and also her peace.  Unfortunately, we in our society are  often afraid of death and that prevents us from living life to its greatest  potential.  What Morrie and my mother taught me was that being able to  accept death gives you the power to choose how to live -- even when your  days are numbered. I cannot remember a book that has affected me so and I  bet I have give 2 dozen copies of it away since I read it two years ago.
B000002G89|5.0|The problem with alot of clapton fans, is that they always expect long extended solos. This a great contrast to his work of the 60's. If I want to listen to great guitar work, I'll listen to Cream or D&amp;D. If I want to  listen to great songs played with feeling, I'll listen to this album  evertime(Though Layla is my favorite album). This album does contain some  beutiful guitar work played with exquiste taste. Let it grow is great and  the best song on the album but every song is really good. Buy this album  you won't be dissapointed.
6305622825|5.0|ONCE AGAIN, SEAN CONNERY HAS GIVEN AN EXCELLANT PERFORMANCE. HIS WIT AND STYLE ARE PERFECT FOR THIS UNPREDICTABLE MOVIE. CATHERINE ZETA JONES GIVES AN EQUALLY IMPRESSIVE PERFORMANCE. HER BEAUTY AND TALENT IS AT FULL  THROTTLE IN THIS THRILLER. BETRAYAL CHANGES EVERY-WHICH THOUGHT THAT OCCURS  WITHIN ONES MIND. A DEFINITE MUST SEE.
B000002INR|5.0|Anyone who hates Skid Row does not know what true music is.  Poeple are just jealous of Bach and his voice.  He has a God given voice.  I'm sorry but Garth Brooks can not and will never do better.
6305627347|5.0|THIS IS UNDOUBTEDLY ONE OF THE FUNNIEST COMEDIES EVER CREATED. ALTHOUGH IT'S ONE OF THOSE &quot;DON'T LET OUR KID'S SEE IT&quot; FILMS, THE EXTREME COMEDY BRILLIANCE WHICH IS EMETTED BY THE DIRECTORS SHOWS THAT THIS IS A  MUST SEE. IN THE BEGGINING I WAS THINKING &quot;WHAT THE...&quot; AND THERE  WERE MANY LAUGHS DUE TO THE IRONY OF THE OPENING SONG. THEN IN COME THE T  &amp; P MOVIE, AND I WON'T STOP LAUGHING. SADAAM AND SATAN SHOULD HAVE A  SHOW ( ON HBO OF COURSE). ONE SHOULDN'T SHRUG OFF THIS MOVIE JUST BECAUSE  IT SAYS SOUTH PARK. ALTHOUGH THE STORY IS CHILDISH AND JUST PLAIN WEIRD,  ALL THE JOKES AND OUTCOMES ARE THE &quot;FALL DOWN AND DIE LAUGHING&quot;  TYPE.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Those words are hard to type.  I am a huge Star Wars fan.  I have seen the original trilogy hundreds of times.  I saw TPM over 10 times.  The Matrix is superior, especially upon repeated viewings.  The story is fresh and  grabs you from the start.  The special effects, sound, and editing are  incredible.  If you have a DVD player this movie is reference material.  If  you are a sci-fi fan this should be the next movie you buy.  I would have  given it 6 stars if it was possible.
0920668372|5.0|I bought this book when my daughter was born. It translated in words all the meanings of becoming a parent. I recomend this book for everybody, especially new moms like I was. It is such a loving reality. I just love  it.
B000000W9Z|5.0|Probably one of Bowie's best experimental albums since &quot;Low&quot;. Based on a short story he had wrote himself, the album follows Nathan Adler, Detective Professor amoungst many other interesting characters. His  use of Burroughs' cut up technique in writing is absolutely flawless on  this album. Especially on the powerfully techno driven song (please forgive  me for such slander, but I did not know how else to describe it as)  &quot;Hello Spaceboy&quot; which shows things to come for Bowie's next  album &quot;Earthlings&quot;. The album as a whole is like something out of  Terry Gilliams fantasy. Beautiful and frightening all at the same time. If  you are a Bowie fan, this album is a must for your collection. It's Bowie  doing what he does so well. Reinventing himself. And I hope that's  something that never changes.
B000000I0I|5.0|From the first time I heard Ommadawn until now, 25 years later, the last 6 or 7 minutes of Ommadawn Side 1, IS the greatest piece of music the Lord has ever allowed someone to write and perform.  As a huge music fan in the  prog rock realm (major Yes and Gentle Giant fan), when people ask me what  is my favorite piece, without hesitation it is this.  Also consider getting  (if you can) the Essential Mike Oldfield video which has a great Ommadawn  live rendition (and you get to see Mike and the boys thrash about on the  drums at the end! )
0897500482|5.0|Once I picked up this book, I couldn't put it down. Bruce Lee's philosophy and method of training is one of the best. The book helps you understand the art of Jeet Kune Do and the martial artist philosophy as well. Bruce  explains how important it is to control your opponent and explains the  techniques on how to do it, by proper timing, speed and technique. It is a  must have in any martial artist's personal library.
6301016289|5.0|Absolutely fantastic.  All you folks in the finance industry out there - watch this movie three times a day, everyday, after meals.  Adam Smith (&quot;The Wealth of Nations&quot;, ISBN:0879757051, buy it here ! ) would've taken the trouble to rise from his grave to watch this  one.<br />Douglas was excellent and deserved his Oscar, and Sheen (both dad  and son) were terrific.  I'm not a great fan of Oliver Stone's other  movies, but this is one movie I treasure as much as my MSFT stock  certificate ! <br />The quotes from the dialogue should be printed in bold and  stuck up on the wall of every investment bank's office:<br />&quot;It's all  about bucks kid.  The rest is conversation&quot;.<br />&quot;See this building  over here ... it was my first real estate deal ...I made over $900,000. At  the time I thought it was all the money in the world - now it's a day's  pay&quot;.<br />Surprised it didn't win the Oscar for best screenplay as  well.
B000002UJQ|5.0|this cd is as close to perfect as it gets. you will find yourself singing along while your driving, not even stoping when people are stairing at you. this is perhaps the ultimate cd to play on a date while driving. its not  too fast or slow, and if your date takes the time to listen to the music  that your playing, they cant help from enjoying themself and being struck  by the rich taste of music that you have. dont take my word for it. buy it,  slide it in to your hot cd player with that first date, and wait for the  interstellar burst - youll need an airbag!
B000002MU3|5.0|Perhaps the most divisive album in the REM catalogue, &quot;Monster&quot; seems, at least, to keep fans out of a grey area; it's loved or it's despised.  I'm happy to say that I rest in the former, ready to defend this  album till the bitter end.  It amazes me how many &quot;devoted fans&quot;  trash on this album. Read the reviews from 1994--nothing but raves, and all  well-deserved.  &quot;Monster&quot; was the perfect follow-up to the  polished majesty of &quot;Automatic For the People,&quot; throwing out  everything that came before (&quot;You mean they used to play lo-fi  jangle?&quot;) and starting from scratch.  While it does appear to be an  anomaly in the band's catalogue, especially after being followed up by the  mildly overrated &quot;New Adventures in Hi-Fi,&quot; &quot;Monster&quot;  was definitely the beginning of today's REM.  Rock on, boys!
0792140923|3.0|I liked this movie a lot, but I hardly thought it deserved the oscar for Best Picture.  The Shawshank Redeption, a much more moving film, should have gotten Best Picture.
6304056818|5.0|I FEEL SORRY FOR THOSE WHO DIDN'T GET TO SEE FB ON THE BIG SCREEN - THIS IS REALLY THE ONLY WAY TO SEE IT.  I SAW THIS MOVIE IN THE SUMMER OF 1956 AND IT COMPLETELY BLEW ME AWAY. I WAS A SCI-FI FAN WHO HAD HIS SHARE OF BEM  MOVIES (BUGGED EYED MONSTERS) BUT FB ACTUALLY HAD A STORY, LOTS OF CHROME  (OF COURSE IT WAS 1956) AND HI-TECH. NO STUPID ROCKET SHIPS THAT BLEW OUT  TRAILS OF DRIED ICE BUT A SLICK FLYING SAUCER WITH HYPERDRIVE, 15 TIMES THE  SPEED OF LIGHT.FOR A KID OF 8, THIS WAS A PARADYME SHIFT IN THINKING.  WHENEVER I SEE SCI-FI MOVIES, I USE FB AS A MEASURING STICK. I THINK THE  BEST PART IS THE ELECTONIC TONALITIES THAT ARE PERFECTLY MATCHED TO THE  PICTURE AND ACTION.I REALLY COULD SAY A LOT MORE, BUT ITS A MUST TO SEE  OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
B000002VTE|3.0|'Ladies and gentlemen we are floating in space' sounds someting like Blur on nitrous oxide. Spiritualized's latest studio album offers lots of raw, energetic rock and roll, all of it ejected into the stratosphere and  repeated over and over again with light-headed, woozy enthusiasm.  Everything echos; every beat is slightly fuzzy. The listener gets the  spaced-out point of 'Ladies and gentlemen...' pretty  quickly.<br />Unfortunately, as fun as they are, the lazy anthems of 'Ladies  and gentlemen...' begin to wear out at the ends. There's a lot of  repetition here, presumably intentional, but by the album's middle, it all  begins to feel very impersonal. One wishes to hear the surreal facade  dropped for just a moment, but it never happens. There are a few sonic  disruptions, like the odd drunken-ballad 'broken heart', but for the most  part, 'Ladies and gentlemen...' is a bit tiring to listen to.
0553212443|5.0|A Christmas Carol is such a moving book. I think that anyone who enjoys such books should try and get around to reading it. It is a very inspirational novel and teaches a few very valuable lessons. I think it is  wonderful how Dickens' includes so many &quot;innocent&quot; children in  his novels. They just bring so much joy and warmth to the story. I want to  conclude by saying...&quot; For all you Bah Humbugs out there, there are  more important things to life other than money and greed. And this book  will seriously turn you around, and it will keep you hooked until you put  it down.&quot;
0784011796|1.0|Let me preface this by saying I Like Pi.  I think it was an entertaining movie.<br />Now I can go on.  I agree with &quot;Fez Monkey&quot;.  When I initially saw this movie I was overwhelmed with a sense that this was just  a self-indulgent effort from a guy who watched Eraserhead way too many  times.  Recently, I was forced to sit through this again by a pretentious  acquaintance who found this film deep.  The fact that they found it deep  was less a reflection of the quality of the film, and more on the lack of  their substance, and confirmed my initial suspicion about the movie.  <br />Other reviews here have praised the &quot;originality&quot; and  &quot;power&quot; of Pi.  Who are these people? It's a shame that they  don't get out much.  The only original component of the film was the  premise of a unifying mystico-scientific power that can explain life, the  universe and everything, and is centered around the number 216.  But, where  the film fell apart (I'll go slowly here so everyone can understand), is  that IT NEVER DELVED INTO THIS IDEA AT ANYTHING MORE THAN A SUPERFICIAL  LEVEL.  All it did was play with lighting, camera angles, and a quirky  character.  That is not original or powerful -- that is average  wanna-be-art moviemaking.  <br />It amazes me how the cult of  pseudo-intelligence, and baseless mental elitism has surrounded this movie.   Frustrated poets and art-house poseurs fall all over themselves to worship  this thing. The funniest thing I read here was how someone knew it was a  good movie because they were &quot;in the business&quot;.  Now that is  funny.  They went on to defend their opinion by offering references to some  new age, quasi scientific, mysticism as more evidence of how great this  film was!  All that did was confirm the old saying that a little knowledge  is a dangerous thing.  However, the &quot;biz&quot; insider never tried to  argue that the film delved into either the story or character in a  satisfactory or original manner.  You want to know why?  BECAUSE IT  DIDN'T!<br />Oh, by the way, I'm in the business too.
6302000823|5.0|This is one of the greatest films ever made.  It breaks my heart.  Great character development.  You get close to the actors as they become close to each other . . . I dare you not to cry when you hear Alfredo's parting  words as Toto prepares to finally leave the village.  And again, in what  the above reviews call the &quot;finale&quot;, when Toto views the film  that Alfredo leaves for him.  I know I'm speaking ambiguously but I want  you to watch this film for yourself.  This film affected me so deeply that  I think about it all the time and no one can even joke about it around me.
B000031WD9|5.0|this was a great movie.  the comedy was that of a cheap eighties movie.  the story had everything that a teenager would enjoy.  it had sex and comedy scenes that were great.
B00003003R|3.0|Live Era 97-93 includes many of GNR's greatest tracks.  I was dissapointed they left out &quot;Civil War&quot; the theme to the &quot;Godfather&quot; and other covers that they usually played at their live gigs.  Don't get me  wrong, this is a good set and a must have for any GNR fan, but I was very  disappointed with the sound quality of the discs.  I have heard much better  quality for live shows on discs compared to &quot;Live Era.&quot;  Too many  times on the discs, the GNR's music is drowned out by the crowd noise and  it was very difficult to hear Axl.
B000001ELB|5.0|This isn't a career spanning musical statement. But it is an excellent survey of Kiss' music through 1978. And I happen to like the disco-tinged remake of &quot;Strutter.&quot; It doesn't sound nearly as grotesque as  some may have led others to think. And the fact it has &quot;Hard Luck  Woman,&quot; &quot;She,&quot; &quot;Calling Dr. Love,&quot;  &quot;Deuce,&quot; and &quot;100,000 Years&quot; makes it a classic  retrospective. Buy this album, Smashes Thrashes, and Hits, Alive, and the  unplugged CD. That's pretty much all the Kiss the average infidel needs.
B00000IPAX|5.0|OK this album is totally awesome!  The songs on it kick! Adams Song is the best song on the cd. i love it!
0393317552|5.0|One of the best books I've read. A compelling, easy to read and substantial work. It includes a very convincing explanation of how some people developed the organization and technology to overpower others.
0517122707|5.0|Simply hilarious. One of the most imaginative books I've ever read, obviously written by a genious. It's at the same time original and classic, it follows a path started by other universal masterpieces such as &quot;Don  Quixote&quot; or even Nabokov's &quot;Lolita&quot; (another American gem).  In my opinion, it's the best Christmas present for sensible readers,and  lovers of sharp, surrealistic sense of humour. You get to love every single  character of this book, even when you feel pity about them.
B0000041TD|5.0|I, like many opera lovers, have many recordings of Boheme.  (I think I now have about 25.)  It's always *this one* that I come back to when I feel the need to, once again, be captivated by the music of Puccini.  I love this  opera and I love this recording of it.
B000002U8G|5.0|It's fairly obvious that Dark Side of the Moon and The Wall are the two overwhelming pressences in Pink Floyd's cataloge. They over shadow the other albums greatly in various ways: - sales - popularity - exposure - FM  radio play - critical acclaim (in the case of DSOTM, not The  Wall)<br />However, the other albums that Pink Floyd constrewed in their many  lifetimes as a band are quite execellent as well. One of These Days is a  blistering hate athem. The seeminglessly uncontrolled slide guitar mixed  with the careful build-up create one of the most energetic songs I've ever  heard. Echoes is epic rock at its very best. A 23-minute classic. The rest  of Meddle is jazzy, breezy, acoustic folk rock. None of those tracks are as  ahead of there time as One of These ays and Echoes are still, today, but in  the right time, they can work quite well. It's interesting to hear Pink  Floyd dabble and goof-around on tracks like Seamus and San Tropez. It's a  good contradiction to the contrived perfectioalism that had become Pink  Floyd's creative method standard on all albums after Dark Side of the Moon
B000009O8A|5.0|Camille Keaton plays an author who decides to escape the mayhem of the city to finish her work in the quiet country.  Bad move!   She falls victim to a viscious and graphically intense battering and gang rape by four men  she is very familiar with.  One of which is a mentally challenged grocery  delivery boy.  The men suspect she will die in the woods, but she doesn't.  Too bad for them.   The revenge she takes on these four is horrific,  explicit, and not for the faint of heart!   But the punishments fit the  crime!  This film broke ground where other cult films only dreamed of  treading. I Spit on Your Grave (originally titled &quot;Day of the  Woman&quot;)is a must have for any horror or cult fan, and very  recommended!   Not for anyone under 18, or the weak of heart!   You are  warned!   Enjoy this one! I do, over and over!
B00000J8EK|1.0|I am not even going to bother commenting on individual tracks from this &quot;album.&quot; The Chemical Brothers have once again relied on the reputation that they gained from their first excellent album. The press  have once again clinged onto them in a bid to invent a dance/rock icon/band  of any merit. This is an abysmal album of excellent cuts which you get  bored of after a minute. This happens EVERY track - each one fails to  engage your listening and your left frustrated more than anything. And  please stop making records with Noel Gallagher - he clearly can't sing -  &quot;Setting Sun&quot; and now &quot;Let forever be&quot; are evidence  enough. I got lured into buying this album through reputation. Please don't  do the same.
1560689986|5.0|I have seen this movie well over 125 times. Most of them at the cinema. I particularly loved the cartoon and travelogue that came with the cinema version. Yes, it slaps every convention we know in the face, plus pokes fun  at organised anything, but it shows people up for how really SILLY they can  be.
0385043805|5.0|Rebecca captured me from the moment I open the cover.  The detailed discription of every petal on the flowers, of every facial expression and what it relayed to the reader.  The story swept me away with its  interesting characters and twist and turns of the plot.  As the book  progressed I found myself not just relating to one character in the book  but drawing from each a different aspect of life.  When I read the last  page of Rebecca I was yearning for more.  Wanting to know what happened  next.  I literally read my copy to death.  I had to resort to hard cover  after going through so many paper backs they were falling apart.  I have  read a lot of great books in my years but none that stay with me as Rebecca  does.
6305064490|5.0|I have watched this movie every year since I was a kid. It has all the elements of a great movie. This one, noone can duplicate. It will make you mad, sad, cry, and smile. 20 minutes into the movie, and you will be  hooked. A movie you can sit with your kids or friends and relate too. 1 to  10, I give it a 9.9.
6305627401|4.0|I am so amazed, and pleased, to see that so many people support this movie.  The point of this movie isn't to be a stepping stone or standard for comedies, subtle or blunt.  The profanity isn't in the movie for  laughs, and the comments and &quot;disrespect&quot; aren't in it to offend  anyone.  South Park, the movie and the series, shows how absurb we've  become in our political correctness, and need to blame.  To say that it's  an insult to people who are decent is to miss the point.  No one person  should force their views on anyone, that's the idea of what America stands  for.  The freedom to be whomever or whatever you choose.  And the  popularity of this film, from the MANY reviews I read, is not based so much  on what is actually presented, but on the absurd notion that there are  those who chose to believe that they should set the standards of decency  for others.  I consider myself a moral and decent person, and if I choose  to enjoy a movie that may offend others, that is my right as an American  and a human being.  To belittle others for what they choose to enjoy or  believe, belittles the individual who forces their own morality on others.   Enjoy your entertainment, choose what you like, and let others do the same.   South Park says so, and if you missed that obvious message, then you  probably knew you weren't going to enjoy the movie to begin with.  Even  more absurd than belittling a movie you knew you wouldn't like, is seeing a  movie you knew you wouldn't like so that you could belittle it further.   Have your opinion, but remember, it's your opinion.  Let people decide for  themselves, and support them rather than condemn them.  If you think other  people are wrong for how they feel, then don't you think that they're  thinking the same thing of you.  Have an opinion...and let others have  theirs too.
B000000W5F|1.0|Dear guy from Georgia: I can not imagine that rubish like Start Me Up is such a late bloomer that I can hear it in the future without being annoyed by its mediocrity. Perhaps &quot;when I get old, losing my hearing, many  years from now...&quot;. The only good song (very good indeed)in the album  is &quot;Waiting on a friend&quot;.
B00000K2SD|5.0|This movie is the best Sci/fi to drop for 1999 and none can touch it. It just breaks out in a way that no one expected or even saw before. The action scenes are unreal and are a mix of stop and go action that just  takes u away. It's not onl just action...the storyline is deep and makes u  think about the world we live in. It just opens up so many new doors for  being creative and made predicting the future a lil harder now according to  them. I like how they made it so similar to our world and send out a  message...well a lot..without giving out too many clues. This is one of my  best videos for 99 and i'm not losing or selling for nothing. This will  even be good after 2000 unless the things we see become true. This is  entertainment at its best. I want to give the writer some advic
079213690X|5.0|Why hasn't Braveheart come out on DVD yet? This is one of my all-time favorite movies and I would love to see it one the DVD format.  I don't understand, they'll put the worst movies on DVD now, why not put a classic  like Braveheart.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I wrote reviews for this from the time she came out with this but now I have to write a new one again since amazon added this new review system. If you read only one lauryn review in here..let it be this one so I can let u  know if u don't know her. A lot happened since last year.....with lauryn  and just music in the whole. This new album from lauryn is a classic!  ..Period!  I see all the negative reviews in here and I know that there are  haters but u just can't put down this cd when the lyrics is so strong by  it's self. Lauryn Hill has one of the most soulful voices in hip/hop and  thats why I think her and mary j reign supreme when it comes to hip/hop  R+B.<br />Miseducation of lauryn hill is just a metaphor ..I think it was  taken from a book and she just changed the name around. Shes saying she was  miseducated in school because all the things about life she had to learn on  her own. Now she knows and she tells it all in this cd.    The songs here  that stand out are: Doo woop, Lost ones, ex-factor, superstar, nothing  really matters, firgive them, everything is everything, miseducation, and  Can't take my eyes off u. Every song here is a classic and she could have  made anyone a single. The effort and time that she put into this lp can be  heard, seen, and felt in everyway. Lauryn talks about things thats  real...not fake. She lets u know str8 up that shes not trying to  preach..but look thats the way things is and shes telling u what need to  change. Lauryn wasen't like this all the time...she had her wild days with  the fugees..but now it's over with and shes on a different level now. I  hope the fugges get back together but if not...I know Lauryn will continue  to do good like shes doing now. <br />L-boggie(my girl) won more awards  between last year and this year than some artists win in thier entire life  as an artist....and the grammys show just proves it...along with her  7Xplatinum album. I knew that she was going to blow up big..but I didn't  expect it to be like this. Don't listen to this album because of the hype.  Before u listen, forget what you heard about the cd and just pretend u  don't even know her....close your eyes..put in the cd and just listen at a  loud volume. Crank it up and listen to all the different instruments  (piano, violin, harp, trumpet, drums, trombone, studio beats, organ,  gitar,etc..) and her voice and rhyming and u will feel this cd guarenteed  all through your bones..if u have soul,rhythem, and like good singing and  music u will diffinetly feel this. Every guest here makes her album tighter  than it is already. Mary J. put all soul and voice into &quot;I used to  love him&quot;. Santana made &quot;Zion&quot; more powerful....this song  really makes u feel it.Shelly thunder ripped it with her reggae chanting on  &quot;Forgive them father&quot;, and D'angelo put extra soul into that  track &quot;nothing matters&quot;. This cd is for the masses and I think  thats what she had in mind with this.<br />--- In case u can't tell..I'm a big  fan of lauryn and the fuggees. Lauryn ..if u happen to read this ..I want  to let u know that your the best out and can't wait for another  one.----------<br /> Lauryn is NOT prejudice so all then rumors need to stop.  She proved how far a Black woman can really go Writing her own ryhmes and  lyrics with help and producing her own stuff. This is raw, infinite talnet  that takes more than just pop-sounds to over shadow. <br />To all those who  don't know about this cd...u are missing out big time and you need to get  this. Your collection just won't be complete without it.<br />Get educated  with Lauryn and see how she made miseducation something of the past. Get  it!
B00001QEBQ|5.0|I have to say that out of all the Disney movies, this one will forever be in my heart! Mulan is about as good as it gets folks. If you don't believe me then just ask my 3 year old who wants to watch it atleast 5 times a  week! The musical score for this movie outrates The Lion King soundtrack to  me, and the dragon's character  (voiced by Eddie Murphy) is about as good  as I have ever seen on a cartoon! If you are a cartoon lover, then it would  be a tragedy for you to pass this one up!
B00002E233|5.0|This DVD was far better than I had hoped for. The special effects were awesome! After watching this DVD I'm not so sure I want to go in the ocean again.If what you like is to watch a shark tear a person apart, then this  one is for you! This has become our all time favorite .The more you watch  it the better it gets. This movie will NOT disapoint the the person that  likes to sit on the edge of the seat. p.s keep your feet out of the water.
B000002U82|5.0|I like the Wall better but you can't really compare the two. This album has a bleak, resigned weariness to life that I've never heard captured by anyone else. The songs really are not so memorable, its the overall sound,  the bleak and depressing atmosphere that makes this album a masterpiece.  Its an album full of quiet, repressed terror, the knowlege that all life  may be worthless and futile, that we spend our life  wasting it on petty  things and all we have to show in the end is death, that everyones probaly  insane and sanity is just a state of mind, you know theres no dark side of  the moon, its all dark. Brain Damage/Eclipse are the most powerful and  intriguing songs on the album, I've never heard anything quite like them on  any other rock album. This is a difficult album to listen to listen to  because its so real. To me its like reading Twains The Mysterious Stranger  or Candide(Except without the humor of the latter.)
6304140711|5.0|This movie is da bomb!  It seemed like a pretty good movie from the start, but more like a 4-star, but the climax was an absolutly terrifying, heart-stopping, on the edge of your seat, fear!  Nothing about this movie  would have ever led me to believe it would have the climax it did.  When  Toby blows his dog whistle and gets his dog's head through the doggie door,  I knew the rest of the movie was going to be totally awesome and it was!  It captures you, pulls you in so deep, makes you feel like you are  experiencing the horror and terror that the family is experiencing.  It'll  scare you to death!  I was so caught up in it, when Toby made it to the car  and hit one of the bad guys, I actually screamed out &quot;YES! &quot;  You'd think I was a football fan who saw thier favorite team win the Super  Bowl at the last play of the game.  If this isn't enough to convince you to  see this movie if you haven't seen it, then I don't know what is.
B000002UDB|2.0|Alright, I'm not like the biggest fan of the Beatles but this album is bad even for them. First off we have the song Magical Mystery Tour which is completely silly, reminds me of a theme song for a kids show with puppets  on PBS. Next is The Fool on the Hill which is neauseating, Following that  disgusting little jewel of a song you have Flying which sounds like  elevator music you'd hear while eating at Bob Evans. After Flying we have  the privelege of hearing Blue Jay Way which is a dreary, typically   pshycadelic piece of trash by Harrison, then comes another one of those  show tune gems by McCartney called Your Mother Should Know and I won't even  comment on the horror and perversity of THAT song.Lets just say that no  self respecting musical would ever use it. Then comes Iam the Walrus which  is actually  intriguing and you can actually listen to it without feeling  suicidal (unlike Your Mother Should Know) Then Hello Goodbye which is one  of the most horrid songs they've ever done. I just can't see the point of  that repititive and depressingly cheerful monstrosity. Strawberry Fields is  one of the best songs the Beatles ever did, I will even go so far as to say  it is a masterpiece of a song. This is one of the few Beatle songs I can  get enthusiastic over. Great lyrics, wonderful dreamy music, I only wish  they would have done more like it. After that is Penny Lane which I can't  stand, then Baby Your a Rich Man which is another dreary George Harrison  thing that is best heard once then forgotton immediantly, and last of all,  we have *shudder* All You Need is Love. I can't understand why a band with  a reputation like the Beatles would have written such a horrible,  disgusting, obviously commercial song. I don't like the Beatles but I never  expected that they would fall to the dephs of this song. Its like If Your  Going to San Francisco Wear Some Flowers in Your Hair, or What the World  Needs Now is Love,Sweet Love, or that depressing Cowsills song The Rain,  the park, and other things &quot;I love the flower girl&quot; It brings  back such horrid hippie memories, perfect song for weekend hippies all the  real hippies listened to The Grateful Dead or Jefferson Airplane. Just  thinking about that song makes me so depressed that I have to listen to  Pink Floyds The Dark Side of the Moon to get cheered up again, the songs  that bad. In fact, I think that instead of making such a big deal about  Marilyn Manson parents should make sure their kids don't get hold of this  sewer of filth and depravity. Good god! Imagine coming in on your kids one  day winding flowers in their hair and humming All You Need is Love! I think  I would rather find my kids sacrificing cats, dressing in black, and  listening to goth music than this strange and perverse oddity. Get this  album for Iam the Walrus and Strawberry Fields and record them on a tape  then immediantly burn the CD.
B00000099Y|2.0|i think i must have missed something... i just re-read these reviews and saw that this disk WAS awesome after all.  uhhhh ok... i guess 300 5 stars can't be wrong so i'll try it again. This time i won't listen to it after  MASTER OF PUPPETS ...  i'll listen to BARNEY or something. that way it will  REALLY sound like god's favorite metal album!  what a disappointment... you  people are either insane or have absolutely no idea what metal really  sounds like.  geee... it seems kinda cool to be a tool fan... yeah im ON  it!   think im gonna turn goth too...
B000002UB6|3.0|Ok, although I don't like the Beatles I must admit that *sigh* I rather like this album a little bit. Its a lot different than the other Beatle albums, not quite as neauseating. Its like they suddenly realized that they  were a rock and roll band. Two of Us is a great song, nice,breezy, always  puts me in a good mood. Next is Dig a pony and it has a great sound to it  and you can tell that the mans really in love and its just a great song.  Next is Across the Universe which is simply beautiful, wonderful lyrics,  about as good as Strawberry Fields Forever. I, Me, Mine isnt very good, it  has a nice  waltzy dizzy feel to it but I don't care too much for it. Let  It Be is beautiful, Love the lyrics esp. &quot;In my times of trouble,  mother mary comes to me, speaking words of wisdom, let it be.&quot; That  song can make you cry.Maggie May really should have been longer, it was the  Beatles at their most informal(which they very rarely were) I've Got A  feeling is another pretty good song, then One After 909 which really  surprised me because it was actually good and they actually sounded like a  rock band for once.Long and Winding Road is kind of syrupy but still a nice  song though not as good as Let it Be.For you Blue has a nice sound but is  kind of forgettable. Get Back is great, it shows that McCartney has a great  voice for rock and roll when he isn't trying to do show tunes. There. Just  goes to show that I can give credit where credits due. This was the Beatles  at their most unpretentious and informal, it doesn't have the bloated  excesses of Sergeant Pepper or the teenybopper commercialism of their early  records. To me, its the most real album they done and thats why its one of  the only Beatles albums I really enjoy listening to. Still, though, its not  as good as anything the Stones done at that period but the Beatles really  should have stuck together and done more albums like this. Its not a great  album though, just good. At least it doesn't have anything like revolution  #9 on it.
0784011923|5.0|Another reviewer already mentioned the Immaculate Conception. This was what went through my mind too. When you think about this film there is a rather biblical theme to it. Whether it's intentional or not is another  question.<br />What I mean is, when John Connor is conceived, Sarah is being  impregnated by someone who hasn't been born yet. Technically, he doesn't  really exist. So in a way, Sarah is like the Virgin Mary. Is it a  coincidence that John Connor, the one who will save mankind, has the same  initials of a messiah people worship already?<br />Armageddon is, of course, a  biblical theme. After it comes, John Connor will lead his followers in a  battle against Skynet, which could really be interpreted as the Antichrist.  The devil inside us(mistrust of the other side) was responsible for this  defense computer being built, and unleashing the evil that followed.<br />You  may well laugh at my theory, I'm not a religious person. But if my theory  is right, then this is the best screen adaptation of the Book of Revelation  ever made!
B00000IAU3|3.0|Dido's voice will remind you of alot of artists -- McLachlan, O'Connor, Orton, Thorn, among others.  But, her style is her own singer -- understated yet warm as if she was singing privately to you.<BR><BR> Like  many &quot;trip-pop&quot; albums, &quot;No Angel&quot; mines the same  folk-pop + electronica territory that  Everything But The Girl created with  &quot;Walking Wounded.&quot;  While not particularly original, the  production of her brother Rollo (of house superstars Faithless) nicely  punctutates her delicate McLachlan-esque songs without overwhelming it.   Moreover, he gives her voice all of the space and body for her winsome  charm.<BR><BR> The lyrics aren't particularly strong.  But, in the best  songs, te production is lush Dido rises to the occasion with ache and  charm.  &quot;Here With Me&quot; is a great trip-pop power ballad.  Dido  echoes the sweet sendiments of &quot;Thank You&quot; without being cloying.   She hangs on every &quot;her&quot; in the cool diss of &quot;Don't Think  Of Me.&quot;  And, &quot;My Life&quot; (with its Faithless mix of house  beats and disco strings) is Dido as full-on diva.<BR><BR> If &quot;No  Angel&quot; is not exception, it is still a great-sounding debut featuring  amiable songs and a highly talent singer.  If Dido's lyrics or  songcraft  improves, she will no doubt become a female artist in the big league.
078322172X|5.0|In the film &quot;The Terminator&quot; we were told the future was not set. In &quot;12 Monkeys&quot; we're told we can't change what's already happened. This is a really clever film by Terry Gilliam about time travel  and the danger it presents if we interfere with history.<br />In the 21st  century, only  one per cent of the human race remains.  They live in   shelters underground. A deadly virus is in the atmosphere, making the  surface of the planet uninhabitable to humans. The animals roam free, amid  the crumbling ruins of our cities. <br />Beneath the city of Philadelphia, a  group of scientists send James Cole (Bruce Willis) on a reconnaiscence.  When he is on the surface he finds a red logo of monkeys circling a big  &quot;12&quot;. Beneath the logo is the caption: &quot;We did it!&quot;  <br />James is then sent back in time to find the source of the virus. He  links the virus to the Army of the 12 Monkeys, a fanatical group of animal  rights activists. Once he can track them down, a scientist from the future  can come back to our time, study the virus, go back to the future and make  a cure. But things dont go according to plan...<br />This film examines the  danger of messing around with time. We can unwittingly be responsible for  things that we try to prevent. Actions always count. &quot;12 Monkeys&quot;  has an allegorical flavour. The scientists in the future have found the  secret of time travel but they still haven't beaten the virus. In our time  we can send people into space but we still haven't found a cure for AIDS or  the common cold. <br />You have to pay more attention to this film than you  would with your normal action film. Much of the film is cryptic and  ambiguous. <br />If you like this film I recommend you read the John Wyndham  short story &quot;Consider Her Ways&quot;. It was written in 1956 and  involves a virus that killed all the men. When the main character tries to  stop this from happening, she unwittingly causes the very thing she was  trying to prevent. You'll find this story in the book &quot;Consider Her  Ways and Others&quot;.
B000002USP|5.0|Spin Magazine and Rolling Stone both ranked this as one of the 90s best CDs.  It is brilliant.  Great fun and a must for any CD collection!
0790739909|5.0|Nicolas Cage as an angel? Well he did a really good job. Consider the dialog he had to work with.  After seeing Con Air I had a hard time thinking of this guy as an angel. But he suprised me. Meg Ryan is Meg Ryan.  However if an angel fell in love America would believe it could happen if  the person was Meg Ryan. Beauty and Smarts. Do angels fall for the rest of  us?  Wonder what the angels would say? Would an angel fall for Rosanne?  Guess it depends on the angel.
0767836286|5.0|The plot of this film concerns a professor, superbly played by Jeff Bridges, who discovers that his neighbors,superbly played by Joan Cusack and Tim Robbins,are terrorists. He learns of their plans and tries to foil  them. The twist ending will stay for you with days.
0060254920|5.0|Maurice Sendak is deceptive with his brilliance -- each and every nuance of this entrancing picture book is filled with gravity.  I have always loved this story, with its compelling, original and startling drawings, and  watching the youngsters in our family drawn in by its spell only  underscores the fact that Sendak knows what he is doing.  This is an  enduring classic for the ages.
0451160916|5.0|This is by far the scariest book I have ever read. At times I literally had to remind myself to breathe! It is impossible to put this book down once you have started, Stephen King pulls you relentlessly onward to the  finish. This is by far his best book! Well written with great characters  that you truly do care about (even Jack). You must read this!
006017322X|5.0|Harper Lee's book is so rich in so many ways that it is truly astounding.  I believe that Truman Capote -- a thinly disguised character, Dill -- played a large part in the evolution of the singular narrative voice  displayed here -- Lee and Capote were childhood friends -- but never mind.   With each reading this moving story sweeps you up, both in the lovely,  humorous tales of youth in a simpler time, and in the rush of the rape  trial, which confounds you with suspense and real grit.  The characters of  Atticus, Sout and Jem spring to life on the page -- these are people you  wish you knew.  But it is that overriding voice, spoken in soft, simple  tones, that pulls you in the most.  This is Southern writing at its most  appealing.  There is not a scene conjured up, a character created, or a  feeling engendered that does not feel utterly true.
6303921248|5.0|This is a beautifully produced and wonderfully acted movie. It is moving and humorous -- watch the expressions on Elizabeth's face as her sister's get into their antics. And Darcy (Colin Firth) does just as he does in the  book -- at first he turns you off, then slowly lets you see into his tender  side. <br />An absolute MUST for any Jane Austen fan.<br />And men -- most of you  will be surprised when your wife/girlfriend makes you watch it. It is so  well done that you will likely get just as involved in the story as she  will.
0800141385|5.0|You do not have to be a Barbra Streisand fan to love this movie -- nobody was when it appeared in 1968, since no one knew who she was back then.  But just try to resist the galvanizing performance she gives in this movie, for  which she won an Oscar.  This movie features a dazzling array of  spectacular musical numbers, all belted out with brilliant gusto by  Streisand.  The sets, costumes and true story come together in a  captivating romance that still catches in your throat.  Omar Sharif looks  impossibly dashing as Nicky Arnstein, and the many moments between  Streisand and Sharif sparkle with real chemistry, missing from so many  movies nowadays.  And Streisand, whose performance is fresh and without her  later mannerisms firmly in place, generates a surprising sensuality with  every breath she takes, every note she sings.  Given that this movie takes  place in a world already long gone, it never feels dated -- more like a  perfectly realized time capsule of time and place.  For my money, Barbra's  PEOPLE, sung on that lovely street corner, remains one of the most alluring  and thrilling moments in musical movies.
B00000JMQE|4.0|&quot;Return to Oz&quot; and &quot;Time Bandits&quot; were two of the only children's films I saw as a kid that made me feel like I was in the hands of film-makers who respected me--these films were unflinching, even scary,  but ultimately full of more wonder than anything most films for younger  kids can hope to offer today.<br />&quot;Oz&quot; is a dark, almost gothic  movie, but it manages to squeeze sweetness and golly-gee optimism in amidst  the gloom--much more valuable an achievement than uniformly coating a film  with chintz and labelling it &quot;for children&quot;.<br />And while little  kids may not be ready for it, especially ones who are still stuck on the  splendor and color of the first film, I wouldn't advise you to write this  clever flick off without seeing it--especially if your child is a budding  fantasy or sci-fi fan.
6303168507|5.0|Steven Spielberg uses his formidable gifts as a commercial director, and manipulator of our emotions, to excellent effect in his big, sentimental film about Oscar Schindler, and, in a much grander way, the entire  experience of the Holocaust.  Though there are touches of Spielbergian  magic dust sprinkled throughout, the overall effect of this movie is so  shockingly powerful you can easily forgive them, and him.  I found this  movie to be mesmerizing, and the first and only depiction of the specific  atrocities of the darkest time in our collective, and recent, past, that  made it real to me.  The first waves of incredulousness begin with the  creation of the ghetto in the first hour; the simple fact that one would be  told to leave their home behind spun me around in my seat -- yes, I had  heard all of this before, but had never seen the haunting faces and  specific people Spielberg here focuses on so deftly.  I think this movie  puts human faces on a tragedy so big and broad that it often becomes  numbingly gigantic -- too difficult to take in on its own terms.  Here,  instead, we get a small group of fascinating characters placed in  extraordinary circumstances.  Ralph Fiennes is so compellingly evil that he  makes a case for the seductive nature of the devil himself.  John  Williams's score is another insidious example of expert movie music that  plays in your head for days.  It is the finale that bothers me the most,  though it is not worth taking a star off -- it is so over-the-top  sentimental that it feels incongruous and unfair to the rest of the movie  -- which is, after all, a movie -- not a documentary.  That said, I think  that this movie should be essential viewing for teenagers everywhere.  It  tells a story that is rich with history; it exudes a sense of humanity and  resilience and goodness; as commercial pop art, it does not get more  effective or powerful than this.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This album is great.  It talks about the world today and how stuffed up it really is.  I just love &quot;the kids aren't all right&quot;.  Any offspring fan should get this CD (if you don't already have it).
0783216084|5.0|If you were around in the summer of '75, surely you felt the cultural gale force wind that was JAWS.  It remains an infinitely entertaining adventure story, populated with wonderful characters and a captivatingly simple  premise, via Peter Benchley's clever but soppy book.  Roy Scheider, Richard  Dreyfuss and especially Robert Shaw command your attention, and make an  irresistable trio of sea-faring hunters.  John Williams' Oscar-winning  score succeeded so brilliantly you forget that someone somewhere actually  CREATED that ba-da, ba-da shark theme that will forever resonate in our  minds -- and call forth the thrills of this expertly made movie. And  although the special effects do not hold up, Spielberg's directorial hand  invents a shark that is far more terrifying than the one we actually see in  the final reel -- it is that first attack, where the shark is not visible  at all, followed by a series of attacks that reveal the shark in bits and  pieces, that guts you.  I think about this movie every time I go to the  ocean, every time I look out on the waves.
B000001GAO|5.0|This is the most emotionally engrossing recording I have heard.  <br />The Requiem is a marvel of intricate interactions between the various voices and instruments, and is clear evidence of the result of musical and  intellectual genius put together.  <br />This performace keeps all of the  musical threads together while still managing to highlight each one.  More  than that, it draws you in and pulls you through the music until you emerge  breathless at the other end.
6301978587|4.0|Barbra Streisand does an amazingly good job at directing this simple but enthralling story -- of course, she is too old to play Yentl, but you go with it anyway.  And the score, which remains lush and captivating, does  not quite fit, though again, it is easy to let it sweep you away.  On its  own terms, as a series of musical videos, the movie is near-brilliant --  the camera intoxicatingly swirls in time to the music, and bends around  each tree and door frame with a knowing sense of surprise.  There is an  inherent sense of choreography in the camera work of this film, which comes  from Barbra's obvious musical sensibilities.  Amy Irving enchants and Mandy  Pantinkin heats up the screen with a powerful and energetic performance.   The ending, with its bow to Funny Girl, is way way way over the top -- you  almost expect immigrant Yentl to take off in flight herself -- but then  again, it works.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This CD is at turns languid and manic, ecstatic, afraid, loving... There are so many adjectives to describe what happens when Fiona's sultry alto fills the air. From the at first playful but then heartfelt &quot;Paper  Bag&quot; to the catchy &quot;Limp&quot; and many wonderful others, Fiona  never fails. A great sophomore success!
6301442962|5.0|For anyone who ever experienced the joys of Christmas anywhere, specifically in the wonderment and magic of Santa Claus, and all that he represents, this movie delivers the goods in a major way.  I love the way  this movie has aged -- its black and white New York, with a Macy's that you  can practically smell, paint a quaint, innocent time, and populate that  time with characters that still have a contemporary freshness to them --  Maureen O'Hara, who is deliciously self-aware, tells her little girl there  are no such things as fairy tales -- having a bitter heart from a man who  has obviously abandoned her.  It is her heart, and little Natalie Wood's  (who is amazingly precocious and adorable) that Edmund Gwynn must melt by  the time Christmas Eve rolls around.  The simplest of plots, with a lovely  cornball quality, tumbles forth with warmth and amusement.  And it is again  the things we do not see but imagine -- as when Kris tells Maureen outside  of Macy's, the 34th Street sign hovering above them -- that he must be on  his way; it is Christmas Eve after all -- that give it a special layer of  Christmas fantasy.  I dearly love this movie, and virtually every remake  pales in comparison.  Gwynn will make you believe -- he justifiably won the  Oscar playing Kris Kringle.
B000002UB6|5.0|If this album had been released by a band of  lesser stature than the Beatles (any other band), it would have been hailed as the band's greatest. Aside from three number one hits, the album  contains the lesser known  delights &quot;Two of Us,&quot; (with great John/Paul harmonizing)  &quot;I've Got a Feeling&quot; (John's words here are especially  interesting) and &quot;Across the Universe&quot; (in a different form than  on Past Masters, 2). The thirty seconds or so each one gets of &quot;Dig  It&quot; and &quot;Maggie Mae&quot; leave one wanting a full three minutes:   they're so fun and joyful that you  want more, much more.  It's too bad  more of &quot;Dig It,&quot; which one can hear on the Let It Be movie, was  not released with the anthologies.  This is not their best album, nor is it  their last (Abbey Road was completed more than half a year after more than  96 percent of this one was recorded), but it is exceptional.  Don't miss  it.
0788812807|5.0|It was LADY &amp; THE TRAMP that first brought Disney to my attention as a child; it remains one of the most supremely delightful animated films of all time.  The dog characters are so richly compelling that they become  real to you; anyone who ever loved a dog will recognize with what sheer  brilliance the artisans have captured canine traits and physical  pecularities.  The romance between Lady and her Tramp ranks right up there  with some of the most perfectly realized romances ever seen in the movies  -- he is played with a breezy bravado; she with a fluffed up snootiness --  that their romantic dinner in the back of the Italian restaurant actually  has you swooning.  And the Peggy Lee-infused musical score gives this movie  its most enduring, valuable gift -- it creatively and succinctly develops  and elaborates each and every character, and imbues the look and feeling of  the movie with an enchantment that transports you to that indesribably  wondrous early-Disney place. Looking out over the banks of the park, the  stars beginning to show -- and they call it Bella Notte...
B00000K3G8|4.0|Although it should have been more a more complete album, and perhaps they could have included some new packaging, this is still a great live album by a great band.  I would like to point out--the included vocals of  &quot;Psycho Killer&quot; are indeed the ones from the film.  Erin N., I  think the ones you are in search of are from The Name of this Band is...  (which DEFINITELY needs to be available on CD, as it is SUPREMELY fonkee!)
6304117752|5.0|This Rodgers and Hammerstein show has been lambasted for years for being a sugary, wafer-thin confection, as opposed to some of their other, darker works -- Carousel chief among them.  However, taken on its own terms, how  can anyone resist the spectacular, melody-soaked movie, which is MUCH  better than the stage play?  Julie Andrews is so engaging you wish she was  your friend, if not your nanny.  The children are wooden at times, but the  score soars above nearly everyone's heads, and set in the stunning Swiss  Alps, and in Salzburg, Austria, which has to be one of the most picturesque  towns in the world, each musical number transports the viewer to a place of  joy -- maybe even nirvana.  The opening sequence, often satirized, remains  one of the most technically sophisticated and creative series of shots ever  put on film.  Each time I see this movie, the first shots of snow, with  whistling wind, stir an age-old excitement deep in my soul, and then --  woosh! -- you are on the expertly crafted emotional ride that is The Sound  of Music.  Christopher Plummer deserves special mention -- he is the one  performer in this movie who delivers a subtle, heartbreakingly real  performance, and he is without a doubt the most dashing Capt. Von Trapp  ever.  Angela Cartwright would later star in Lost In Space, though the rest  of the kids have been kind of missing in action. I think I have seen this  movie 30 times.
0792841344|4.0|This is a great transfer. The sound track was greatly improved. The only thing that bothered me was that the music and special effects were so dynamic and the dialogue was compressed sounding. It sounded a little funny  to me. Other than that, it was done very well.
0783225857|5.0|Truman Capote's influence is felt everywhere in both the book and film versions of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD, Harper Lee's classic, beautifully haunting story of childhood, innocence lost, and of the cruelty that exists  in people everywhere.  Yes, Gregory Peck is Atticus Finch, and all of the  players here inhabit their roles with grace, humor and gravity, but it is  Mary Badham as Scout who steals the show, as it should be.  The simplicity  of a father's touch, of a rapist's grimace, of the wind gently blowing  through the trees at dusk -- everything in this movie evokes, from Scout's  point of view, a time we each have in our lives that transforms us into  adults.  There comes with it an aching sadness -- as if saying goodbye to a  comforting old friend -- but the revelation carries with it a profound joy.   Elmer Bernstein's score realizes each emotional chord of the film, and  transports us without ever lambasting us -- it is the best kind of movie  score.  You will be hooked from the opening credits, which are creatively  brilliant -- those crayons, the haunting and beguiling theme softly begins  on the piano -- through to the closing credits, at which point there will  be well-earned tears softly falling down your cheek.
B0000033TE|5.0|Its a shame music like this is no longer made.  ELP was a very inventive group that always sought new ways to express themselves musically.  The result was for the most part extremely pleasant, but also at times  demanding, for the listener.  They dared to to challenge the pop music  industry by including &quot;songs&quot; that were not commercial at all.   Listen to Toccata for example.  I Brain Salad Surgery we meet ELP at their  very peak.  This is one of the best albums of the 70s and frankly it sounds  better than ever.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is by far the best novel I have ever read.  Certainly not a light read.  I have read it twice in the past two years, and enjoyed it very much both times.  Ender is a wonderful character to identify with,  expecially when he is a child.  The rest of the series follows him as an  adult, they are also very good books, by in my oppinion, do not come close  to Ender's Game.  I deffinantly recommend this book all science fiction  fans.
B000001F2E|5.0|I must admit I am no longer a Rush fan and stopped buying their albums around the Power Windows era.  Well, that is a long time ago.  But Moving Pictures go even further way back.  However this is their masterpiece. The  album they will always be measured against, weather they like it or not.  Talk about superb production, exelent guitar, bass and drum sound and the  songs themselves are very catchy.
0790736918|3.0|Warning: some key plot point are mentioned<br />I saw the Searchers all the way through for the first time just recently and it's a pretty typical Hollywood western. Almost no one spoke like a normal person, very stagy  especially the attempts at humour. John Wayne is exactly the same in every  movie I've seen him in and this was no exception. He's either mildly  bemused or angry. I'll never understand what the fuss is about.  We are  taken through one set piece after another until the end when Wayne realizes  in an instant he was wrong all along. The thing is, he never seemed to  learn anything about racism at all. Did anyone really think he would shoot  the girl? It ends with an unbelievable coincidence of arriving home at the  moment of the wedding and a typical fun brawl (We all know how much fun a  good beating at a wedding is), and they all live happily ever after and  don't worry about shooting 3 men in the back.  I was expecting alot and for  the most part it was fairly ordinary. It's not even that interesting. I  think John Ford is good but over-rated.
B000006NPY|4.0|I have to say, this album is underrated.  Many fans og SP were disappointed of the nature of the music, but in my opinion there are songs here that ranks among the very best they have ever done. However the album  may be a bit to long and therefor the overall impression is not maximum. I  have to settle for 4 stars.
0767811038|1.0|When my 8 year old son and I saw the previews to this we both thought it looked like a big, fun sci-fi bug hunt. My wife and I saw it first because of it's rating. We could not believe how bad it was on every level except  for the excellent special effects. I'm not quite sure why anyone would make  a movie whose marketing is obviously targeted directly at kids and then  fill it with enough nudity and violence to keep them out. But whether this  was social satire or just a comic book extravaganza, it was dreadful.  I  have coined a phrase &quot;Verhooven syndrom&quot; Whenever a clever idea  presents itself... have a gunfight instead. The &quot;satire&quot; in this  film was obvious and played out in 5 minutes. I hated all these arrogant,  self rightious nazi overachievers. I thought they might break out into  &quot;Springtime for Hitler&quot; (Mel Brookes - The Producers) at any  moment. And the so called plot couldn't even be bothered to follow it's own  internal logic. And worst of all, when it tried to be funny - it wasn't.  OK, so bugs send an asteroid from another star system, light years away. It  cruises by a starship and still manages to surprise every one in a totally  Southern California version of Argentina. Ships capable of light speed  surround a planet so close together they can't be missed by bug juice  travelling in straight lines. &quot;Whatya mean go down there? Just blow up  the stupid planet!&quot; The battle scenes were undermind by the very  unbelievability of the whole setup. You can take people way out of reality  if you build a logic basis for it and follow that logic but if you start  out with the audience thinking &quot;That makes no sense at all&quot; you  not going anywhere because nothing matters to begin with. Is it all just a  touge in cheek joke? It isn't nearly funny enough to think they were  actually trying to be funny. It may be, someday, when it's on Mystery  SCience Theatre 3000. but someone else will be supplying the humor. Sowe've got good special effects, pro-nazi satire. (Not one line or character  to counterpoint) Bad characters. Terrible dialoge. Imbecilic science and  sophmoric fiction. I can understand why some people love it. I wonder who  their favorite wrestler is?
B000006NPY|4.0|I have to say, this album is underrated.  Many fans og SP were disappointed of the nature of the music, but in my opinion there are songs here that ranks among the very best they have ever done. However the album  may be a bit to long and therefor the overall impression is not maximum. I  have to settle for 4 stars.
B000002MUW|2.0|like when every madonna album comes out, i rush to the store the day it comes out and immediately buy it. in this case, it was no different. but this time i think i only listened to it a few times after purchasing it. I  felt that this album was pretty bland, almost too mellow for its own good.  i don't think i could pick a 'worst' album, rather ir i could pick a  'boring' album...it would be BEDTIME STORIES. though there are some  standout tracks...INSIDE OF ME, HUMAN NATURE and BEDTIME STORY.
B000002J1O|5.0|How can anyone give this album less than maximum score.  This is my no. 1 favourite album of all times, all categories.  It is simply 70s prog. rock at its very unique best.
6300214540|5.0|I first enjoyed this movie with the privilege of the big screen. Will definitely invest in DVD surround sound format eventually. <br />Well worth watching. Typical storyline of trainee falling in love with trainer.  However, it goes deeper than that. 'Maverick' has to prove to everyone,  including himself, that he is a 'Top Gun' in his own right - not merely a  shadow of his father, who flew before him and was KIA.<br />Once you've seen a  few movies, the plot becomes predictable, however the action, and also the  soundtrack are definitely 5 star!<br />Great flick!
B00000GAMF|1.0|This is one of the most boring albums I have ever heard.  I cannot understand how anyone can label this as a masterpiece.  Listen to &quot;Selling England by the pound&quot; instead.  That is how it should be  done. This should bring the avarage stars down.
B000001FE0|5.0|There's a stigma about the bee gees that is pretty unjust...  Let us all forget about &quot;disco&quot; for a few minutes and pick up &quot;Odessa&quot;, an ambitious and strange psychedelic album on par with  Love's &quot;Forever Changes&quot; or the Zombies' &quot;odyssey and  Oracle&quot;.  This album, along with &quot;first&quot;,  &quot;horizontal&quot; and &quot;idea&quot; show a musical ability and  craftsmanship beyond the Gibbs' years.  &quot;Black Diamonds&quot; is so  filled with longing... This album is brilliant. BRILLIANT.
B000002GEY|5.0|I have been frequently listening to this CD since the early 80's. I bet I heard the whole of it more than 1000 times, and I never get sick of it! Simply great!
B000002UAU|5.0|A great C.D for any normal human beings.  How some people can even dare to say the Beatles were no good and that The Rolling Stones were better are completely off their heads. The point I am trying to make is, The Beatles  will go down as a band who did everything there was to do in music in under  seven years.  The Stones will go down as a band who just went on and on but  actually finished when the sixties and possibly seventies came to and end.   True, the Stones did have many good early songs, but they never had that  finishing touch like The Beatles did. If you think I don't know about  music, well this is speaking from an English point of view.  Take it from  me, The Beatles are still respected over here and will be for years to  come, The Rolling Stones however, are an embarresment to Britain and always  will be. Just admit it, if you don't like the Beatles, then you were  obviously never meant to have good musical taste. Just one more more thing:  The Beatles are the pride of England!
B000002GEY|5.0|I have been frequently listening to this CD since the early 80's. I bet I heard the whole of it more than 1000 times, and I never get sick of it! Simply great!
031286504X|3.0|Despite being reasonably entertaining and diverting at times, &quot;I Am Legend&quot; is ultimately unsuccessful.  Despite its short length, it becomes quite silly and boring after a while.  And the inept, juvenile  redundancies!  How many times must the reader be subjected to descriptions  of whiskey being drunk, spilled or thrown across a room?  Who does Matheson  think he is, Charles Jackson?<br />Comparatively speaking, this book is  inferior to Matheson's very good &quot;Hell House,&quot; but superior to  his awful &quot;Now You See It.&quot;<br />As for the stories in &quot;I Am  Legend&quot; -- they are singularly amateurish and sophomoric, and I don't  know how I got through them.  If they constituted the book, without the  presence of the novella, my rating would fall to one star.<br />The bottom  line?  Younger readers will enjoy this book, but more sophisticated and  experienced ones will be less than thrilled.
1881273156|5.0|For anyone in any sort of relationship (that would be all of us!) this book is a must read!  I devoured this book in two days and am looking forward to reading it again and again and again.  Love is such an important  topic yet so many of us equate it only to romantic involvements.  The Five  Love Languages will give you a vast understanding of how ALL the people in  your life will benefit from knowing their particular love language and that  of those around them.  I am giving this book to a lot of people for  Christmas!  I cannot place enough emphasis on the importance of this topic!
B00000163G|5.0|This album easily deserves 5 stars. The production  is unsurpassed. The lyrics are excellent and the delivery is flawless. I will cherish this album for the rest of my life and I believe all of us will do so too. Its a  disgrace if you don't have this album in your rap collection.
B00000255F|5.0|&quot;Thunder Road&quot; begins with Bruce blowing away on the harmonica and later describes how he made his guitar sing (a very biographical lyric). &quot;10th Ave Freeze Out&quot; is classic Bruce (with Clarence helping out on sax). &quot;Backstreets&quot; is a very poignant song about relationships going sour. &quot;She's the One&quot; has a cool organ riff. Then there's the hit &quot;Born to Run&quot; where Bruce invites Wendy to join him on his quest to &quot;know if love is wild... [and] real&quot;. I love the anticlimatic false stop. &quot;Night&quot; has some unique chord changes (which I believe Jim Steinman would later steal on &quot;Bat Out of Hell&quot; if you listen closely). &quot;Meeting Across the River&quot; is one of Bruce's most unique songs. You feel like you are in the middle of the city with the trumpet and piano as Bruce invites to come along with him for the ride, but warns you not to blame him if something goes wrong. Finally, there's one of Bruce's most complex songs, the masterpiece &quot;Jungleland&quot;, which starts out sounding sweet up to the 1st verse. The 2nd verse and bridge sound rockin' and fun up until the tempo slows down, leaving a feeling of despair. You get the feeling that the cops came just a little too late as our heroes &quot;wind up wounded and not even dead&quot;. So, like others who have reviewed this, come along for the ride and remember, this trip is not for the faint of heart!
B00000K31V|3.0|I have been a Cronenberg fan and worshipped every film he has put on the screen. Unfortunately, Existenz belongs alondside Rabid and M Butterfly. That is not to say that even the lesser works of Cronenberg arent 100 times  more interesting than the standard fare movie studios throw at us, but next  to his other films, Existenz feels a little dull.<br />Law and Liegh are two  actors that I like and love, respectively, but here they are flat. I cant  remember Liegh being this robotic since Flesh and Bone, and Law gives the  worst male lead preformance since that god-awful guy who was in Scanners.  Cronenberg must have gotten too used to actors like James Spader, Holly  Hunter, and Jeremy Irons, who seem, and probably are, effortlessly easy  actors, who understand Cronenberg (hey,not everyone can). Law and Liegh  need a little prod. In a movie so keen on the spinal column, they dont seem  to have any electricity in thiers.<br />Perhaps a little of that blankness,  that lack of soul, and bitter shallow from Crash bled through into this. In  Crash it made sense, but in Existenz, the labored pacing and empty dialouge  delivery go nowhere. What we need are a few thrills, a punch in the face,  that dont see coming. Existenz is a roller coaster that is straight and  flat.<br />god help me though, I'll take Cronenberg, in any shape or form,  over that boring, trite, predictable, crud that was the Matrix.
B000003H2W|5.0|My Dying Bride could be said to be an accquired taste.  Their brooding, melancholic doom metal is not fitting to the majority.  This band is wonderfully unique in the genre, largely due to the darkly symphonic  overtones contributed by the bands keyboardist/violinist, Martin.  His  occasional full-length violin solos and keyboard fills seemlessly flow  together with Calvin's sombre single note lines and painfully slow, dark  drop-tuned riffs.  Aaron also does a lovely job on vocals, forgoing  doom/death metal grunts for solid, achingly honest clean vocals that range  from apathetic, mumbling lows to epic, symphonic highs.  Their best album,  in my opinion.
0385484518|5.0|THis book really puts silly pursuits into perspectice and teaches that even in the dying our we are capable of giving love.
6305076626|4.0|Exactly there is almost no in between.  You will either love The Rocky Horror Picture Show or, you will hate it.  I love it.  Don't expect a great story just enjoy the songs and the performances.  Try to remember it is Tim  Curry all dress up as a TV, bet you can't.  He is great and Susan Sarandon  displays a very acceptable singing voice.
B000001Y16|5.0|The music in this album shows the darker side of 2Pac's music. All the tracks are hot. I picked up this album a few years ago and I am still playing it till this day. I'm grateful that 2Pac hit us with this classic.  If you still can find it, grab it!
B000003BF1|5.0|Now that I've given the Glimmer Twin his due, I'd like to say this CD is the Stones transition from the Brian Jones era (2/3 of this album was recorded before he was chucked out of the band) and the Mick Taylor era  (who can be heard on the more prophetic sounding &quot;Live with Me&quot;  and the countrified &quot;Country Honk&quot;).  There's the old-school  blues of &quot;Love In Vain&quot;, the dark blues on &quot;Midight  Rambler&quot;, the spooky &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot;, the funky &quot;Monkey  Man&quot;, and Keith's lead vocal debut on &quot;You Got the Silver&quot;.   Also, the London Bach Choir is featured (for the 1st and probably the last  time) on &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot;.  While the  statement holds true, you CAN get your money's worth on this classic and  then some!
6302732875|5.0|Words cannot describe this movie.  It is an absolute masterpiece.  It is one of Jack Lemmon's best performances.  This movie has so much (pardon the expression) balls it'll bring tears to your eyes.  To tell you the truth, I  almost cried the acting was so good.  If you haven't seen a good movie in a  while, now is your chance.  You're making a huge mistake by not seeing  this.  I'd give it 10 stars if I could.  Unbelievable.
B00000DFMM|5.0|When Secret Wish was released I was only 9. But some days ago I really got hooked by the song &quot;Duel&quot;. This is a really great song, like the whole CD.
B00000IACG|5.0|After seeing Fugazi live on December 7th in Charlottesville, I was reborn.  I feel like I've rediscovered them.  I bought the video &quot;Instrument&quot; in order to relive their live shows, but enjoyed the  soundtrack to it as well.  It can stand alone or beside anything else they  have done.  The band is truly independent of the mainstream.   Do-it-yourself, anti-consumerist...they aren't looking to be famous or  start a trend to cash in on.  So rare.  They are a band looking to connect  with their audience, not just make money off of them.  Though I've been a  fan for a while.  It wasn't until just recently I &quot;got&quot; what they  are saying.  I feel they have helped me to become aware of America, &amp;  how I could change it.
0792842731|5.0|Brosan delivers a great preformance in the movie with great gadgets. The Special Effects were awesome, and extremly cool!  The best Bond music ever (after the World is Not Enough) is featured in &quot;Tomorrow Never  Dies&quot;. You have to see it!
B000002L9S|5.0|Besides having the best cover for any Madonna cd, this album has to be the best Madonna has released ever! <br />I don't think too many will disagree when I say her recent releases haven't really compared to the brilliance  that is True Blue. <br />True Blue redefined the music of the decade and  reshaped the future sound of music with it's distinct  rhythms and use of  melodic lyrics.<br />The highlights include  Papa Don't Preach, White Heat, La  Isla Bonita, and Open Your Heart. These songs are so reminiscent of the  80's that I virtually step back in time everytime I put the vinyl version  on. <br />For those who have rated this album three stars or less, I beg you  to Open Your Heart, let your body move to the music and let your body go  with the flow!
B000002BE9|4.0|This album shows a lot of promise for the 1990's sound.
B0000048V8|5.0|This video is amazing!  The music by Howard Blake is fantastic.  The first time I saw this video I burst into tears (at age 30) in front of my whole family before I could stop  myself!  It is an emotionally powerful story,  as well as hauntingly beautiful.  The music, the gorgeous penicl animation,  just really sets it apart from the usual contrived Christmas fodder out  there.  This is truly heartfelt.  I absolutely love it and recommend it to  everyone, of all ages and faiths.
0553214632|3.0|Okay, seeing as how I am a teenager, this book didn't seem very interesting at first, but after I got into it it helped me to understand this whole evolution thing. Another thing I would like to say is that I  know Darwin is not the most interesting writer, but he does have some  important things to say in his book. If you like to learn more about  biology and things like how species and stuffed evolved, devolved, or if  you are tired and just can't seem to fall asleep, read the book. It is  pretty good.
0767802659|4.0|Goodness me, what a lot of serious reviews of an entirely tongue in cheek movie.  Anyone having seen RoboCop would realize that Verhoeven's trademark is the ultra-violent, sci-fi romp.  I'm not a gore lover in movies, but in  Starship Troopers the violence is so outrageous you have to laugh...as you  turn your head.  Ok so the only resemblence the movie bears to Heinlein's  novel, is that they share the same name and some bugs, but this movie is  well conceived, well directed, well photgraphed, and if you like special  effects...well they're some of the best I've seen
0880389052|4.0|I started reading this particular type of genre when I was in the sixth grade ... that was last century ... well, the Ice Age actually. The Lord of the Rings has and always will be a favorite, and it is because of Mr.  Tolkien, God rest his soul, that fantasy fiction has flourished.  If you  pay close attention to the place names, towns, halls, mountains, etc., in  Mr. Salvatore's work, you will seem many similarities.  MANY.  <br />I am now  27 years old... OY!  And I just had the pleasure of reading The Dark Elf  trilogy last year, and The Icewind dale books, and the rest of Drizzt's  adventures.  I was highly entertained, and impressed.  My only drawback, is  that someone else got to Guen's name before me, so I had to change the  spelling.  Please forgive me oh gentle creature.<br />If you have not had the  opportunity to read these books, I urge you to do so.  Even if you are 10,  30, or 60... everyone could use a great dose of fantasy once in a while.   Esp. when it is written with a master's pen...<br />*Bowing down to Mr.  Salvatore, and his liege Mr. Tolkien*
0140186395|5.0|I don't think words can describe &quot;East of Eden&quot;. I read it three times - once in Russian and twice in English; and it is still mysterious and attractive for me. I hope you will love it as much as I did.
B000002LCK|5.0|&quot;Substance&quot; is a collection of single a- and b-sides, but it plays nicely as a consistent album. Is it a comprehensive overview? Oh no, far from that! You might get a wrong image of New Order, because they were  much more rock-oriented than this compilation might suggest. But you can't  deny that New Order had their strongest moments on EP or single releases.  All their best-known hits are here, but amazingly the b-sides are not  worse, they're just more experimental and rhythm-oriented. In my opinion  the best tracks come from their earlier releases, like the  &quot;Everything's gone green&quot; EP, providing a very original sound  based on sequencers, psychedelic melodies and Hooky's typical bass playing.  All in all, it's a very recommendable and enjoyable compilation, but you  should check out the other albums as well.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd is the best and I recommend it to any punk rock fan, like myself.  Blink 182 is so cool and rocks the world!  Who ever says they stink you are wrong!  They are the only boy band that are not corney (like Backstreet  Boys, N'sync ect...)!
B000001EAQ|4.0|If The Joshua Tree became the definitive U2 sound, it continued through Rattle n Hum, but was mostly lost in Achtung Baby, as U2 redefined themselves. The music in Pop is different again, as the band moved to newer  beats, and more electronic sounds.<br />If you're a U2 fan, you certainly  won't be disappointed. While not their best CD, Pop is another collection  of great songs. One listen to Discoteque, Staring at the Sun, or Last Night  on Earth, and you'll instantly want to play them over and over again.  Staring at the Sun is the only real classic U2 sound on the CD. It takes a  bit longer to become familiar with the other songs, after which their true  character starts shining through. Listen to the guitar on that first beat  of Do You Feel Loved. Turn the stereo up full blast for Mofo. Chill out  while you listen to Miami. If You Wear that Velvet Dress is romantic and  intimate. Gone and Wake Up Dead Man are a bit sad, but the latter has a  catchy beat.  <br />If you weren't a U2 fan before listening to this CD, you  probably won't become one. For the millions who are, it's more great music.
0805210393|5.0|It is quite similar to his other novel &quot;The Trial,&quot; but I feel as though it is much more emphatic in explaining the entire quest to reach the castle, or any form of truth. The determination to reach something so  uncertain, so out of reach, and I think the supposed ending gives us  Kafka's sense of tragedy clearly cut; salvation always coming when it is no  longer desired or possible, situations that man affronts that seem to have  been in ill-regard, and out of his control.  &quot;The Trial&quot; is more  precise, but I feel the scenario in this novel is much more emphasized.
0767835107|5.0|This movie is perfect!  Yea, they are rich, spoiled, bratty, but its a story about how love can change you...I thought what happened to Ryan at the end was a little cheesy and un realistic, but what sarah gets in the  end is just perfect!  This movie is a great dark comedy filled with sex,  drugs, and it shows you love in a crazy way...its a must to see!  :)
0887307280|3.0|Excellent advice for people starting and running small businesses
0679746048|5.0|This is the best book I have read in a long time, it's based on a true story and the fact that the actress herself has experienced depression and been in a mental hospital for 5 days. The story hits home, it shows that  there is a fine line between sanity and insanity.
B000000WJK|5.0|If you only buy one CD from ....this is the one. From the first dreamy notes of Star Sail, I was hooked as if the music were a narcotic. Nick McCabe is the most amazing guitarist, his notes float above you and pull you into a dreamlike trance. Slide Away, Already there and Beautiful Mind are better than anything you will ever hear on commercial radio. Buy this CD...your mind will thank you later. I am still in mourning over the announcement that the band lives no more, but they have left a legacy that we can enjoy forever.
B000007T1M|5.0|i love this CD. they rule. the best songs are 2, 3, 8, 10. hell yeah
006092988X|5.0|&quot;Intolerance is a thing that causes war, pogroms, crucifixions, lynchings, and makes people cruel to little children and to each other.  It is responsible for most of the viciousness, violence, terror, and heart and  soul breaking of the world.&quot; -page 226 in the 1998 Perennial Classics  (excerpt from 13 year old Francie Nolan's diary)<br />This quote is what I  believe to be the most powerful.  It wrenched me to it from the moment I  read it, and made this book worthwhile to me. It was a wonderful book, but  I might have read it much faster if I did not keep turning back to that  page to read that quote over and over.  It stuck in my heart, and will stay  there forever.  It made the novel for me.
B00000DBXL|1.0|This has got to be one of the worst CD's I have ever purchased.  I feel like this group needs to learn how to sing.  The only thing they can do right is the guitars sound half decent
6301966015|5.0|Brilliant film. Deals with the concept of what real and what not real. Even if you don't read into the premise, you'll find the breezy frantic quality of the film to be enjoyable to watch.
0792139771|5.0|Many movies bring moments of emotions to the audience; this movie goes beyond that.  The though of something greater than yourself lingers with you for days.  It brought tears to my eyes and is the first movie inspired  me to dig into historical fact.  Regardless its historical accuracy (NOTE:  The narrator stated in the beginning that history is written by those who  hang heroes), Mel Gibson manages to bring drama, action and comedy within 3  1/2 hours.  <br />People say when you look back in life, you often see regrets  of things you missed - I missed this movie on the movie screen.  If you saw  the movie and saw only historical inaccuracies and gender issues... you  need to relearn the definition of &quot;Movie&quot;.
0792151712|5.0|simply superb..or fantastic is much too short to comment on a movie which has so vividly&amp;exquiecitely portrayed an event which had has &amp; will capture the attention of millions all over the globe,not to speak of the  central theme and oh god!-the heart searing music&amp; song by celine  dion...words are simply not enough-HATS OFF to James Cameron &amp; all the  casts!
B000002LOE|5.0|This album is truley a very good one. Its comepletly original and its r.e.m. Its rock with heart with songs like:losing my rlegion, radio song, shiney happey people, texarkana, and low make this album unforgetable!
B00000JCOV|5.0|Now if anyone knows about slipknot, its me, my cousin in their ex guitarist, and their from my hometown, i've been listening to the band since 95 and seen em go through several lineup changes (most notably the  loss of their ex lead singer who is now with painface.  Now, if you want an  album that will not only sound good, but have some meaning, this is the  album for you.  Comparing them to KoRn? KoRn is WEAK compared to slipknot,  any band that can keep 9 band members, including 2 drummers and turntables  on the same page, they have some serious talent.  I guarantee you will like  every single song on the album.  Most notably Only one, Scissors, Spit it  Out, Wait N' Bleed, Prosthetics, Purity, and Eyeless.  If your looking for  a hardcore band wiht a great vocalist this is your band, the way Corey can  jump from Hardcore right into slow tortured soul tones is breathtaking.   And whoever said 4 and 7 are not good guitarists was an idiot (i know he  was called DD From pantera a horrible guitarist too).  In conclusion this  CD never leaves my cd player and you'll find yourself not wanting to stop  listening to it.
B000001Y42|4.0|Limp rule.  At least here they do.  I love listening to this cd whenever I feel like just going crazy.  It's one of those albums that just makes you wanna go insane.  Seeing these guys play this album straight through would  just RULE.<br />This album has everything, the fast paced heavy  stuff(Counterfeit, Leech) to the slow songs (Stalemate, Stinkfinger).  You  HAVE to get this CD, and make sure ist BEFORE you get their other one.   This is loads better.
0553212443|5.0|Charles Dickens' Christmas Carol is read annually along with any and all movie versions. The tale is so simple yet so full of detail. Scrooge is every man who lets life get him down until something changes the status  quo. The use of spirits to guide a person to a better path in life is so in  tune with the 1990s where everyone is searching for miracles whether they  involve spirits or angels or whatever. A true classic that has withstood  the test of time and will continue to delight for generations to come.
6302989787|3.0|John Malkovich, a man of theater and film, once again gives a splendid performance. Throughout the film, Malkovich carried and tamed Eastwood; like dog on a leesh. Give Malkovich his Oscar!
B000003BEV|5.0|I have read a number of the reviews, and I have noticed a couple of recurring comments. One, that it is a copy of The Beatles (i.e. Sgt. Pepper). Two, that is is a bit different from what we are used to.  Well,  those who panned as far as I am concerned are braindead or brainwashed.   One or the other.  This is a beautifully crafted album from 1967!   Not  the 70's Stones that we know!   Like so many other bands at the time, they  were experimenting with the genre.  It is odd that 30 years later so many  people write it off as a Beatle rip-off, when in fact both bands were  writing such music at this time.  Open your minds!
0316920045|5.0|Sure, it's tough to keep flipping back to read endnotes.  So keep 2 bookmarks in the book.  This is originality, a rarity in modern fiction.  The humor alone is enough to hold the 1100 pages together, but there's  more.  (Oh, so much more).  It's easy to make fun of this book.  What's  weird is that it's also easy to read if you ever give yourself the chance.   DFW is the voice of the post-60s generation lost in the emptiness of a  wealthy culture.  This book is destined to be a classic.
B000031XCR|4.0|Ok so you came here to buy a christmas gift. you need some recommendations that are fair and unbiased. You don't want slop from fans but need a real objective view point.<br />Here goes. I'm not a Celine Dion fan. I bought the  c.d. to hear what it had to offer. This I wasn't prepared for.  Her voice  is especially fine tuned on LIVE, which is possibly the best song on here.  Her phrasing and intonation is well-defined.  Other experimentations are 'I  want you to need me'... dont let the title fool you. It's not all slop. I  thought i was listening to Aerosmith in their better days. She does have a  rock 'n roll voice. Who would have thought. 'Then you look at me' is  probably my favorite. epic sounding and triumphant, there are some words in  here that gave me chills when she said it, and joys all at once.<br />'beauty  and the beast and 'because you loved me probably shouldn't be included. But  there are enough highs and new artistry in here to keep you engaged and  listening.
6301334523|5.0|John Malkovich is too die for; playing a wonderful and human character. It could be argued as one of his best performance to date. The way he graced the film makes you feel like he has secretly entered your domain. He is  definitely a gifted actor; with exaggerated characteristics. Glenn Close  also gives a great performance in the film; as quite honestly, they carried  the film throughout from beginning till end. I cannot believe this is film  is unavailable for a newer audience; and generation to wonder; and be  entertained.
B000002LCE|4.0|At the end of the eighties Dio turned towards a more melodic,radio-friendly sound without becoming totally commercial.Craig Goldy's playing is outstanding(without forgetting the rest of the band)and  while Dio did not explore any new areas lyrically,this record was a hit  with both the fans and the critics.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This woman has one of the most beautiful voices I have heard!  I was lucky enough to see her in concert this year, and I bought the cd immediately. It's well worth the money especially if you enjoy the Cranberries. She  sings the theme song to Roswell, so check it out and buy the cd!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie tells you that reality does not seem real sometimes.  The Matrix has set some minds to think that we are programmed, and that we cannot control the living.  Well I believe that the Matrix has a very deep  message, which tells us that we have become too dependent on technology,  and that we have forgotten who we are.  This is a movie that will make you  think hard, watch it!  It is an awesome movie.
6304109318|1.0|The film had the POTENTIAL to be another Dangerous Liasons; but the onscreen chemistry between Malkovich and Julia Roberts failed. Perhaps, Malkovich heart was not in it; which completely showed throughout the film.  Indeed, it was double role that he offered onscreen; displaying a lack of  creativity; and hopelessness. Perhaps, it was the added pressure of  re-creating a masterpiece; regardless, the film made no great leaps and  jumps; instead it was stagnant with no beauty.
B000001EUP|4.0|A watershed for the Scorpions,'Blackout'not only made them popular in the U.S.,but also turned them into legends.Heavy,melodic,romantic,honest and inspired,this is as good as it gets.
6305311463|5.0|Get a grip!  Grip tight to your lazy boy and loosen up the grip on your PC sensitivity.  If dissing environmentalits and just about any other lobying faction in this country bothers you - DON'T watch any of Bruce Willis'  action flicks.  This is entertainmnet for those that can tell the  difference between fanatsy and reality and occasionally want a rip roarin,  no holds barred good time at the movies.  The wide screen DVD is great and  don't foreget to crank up the sub-woofer on your surround sound!
6304077939|5.0|Leo, a precocious child growing up in abject poverty, concocts an alternative identity as an Italian boy (Leolo) conceived through an encounter between his mother and a tomato, freshly doused with the  onanistic spritz of an immigrant grocer. Surrounded by a (sur)real family--  a father obsessed with defecation, a sister who reigns as queen of the  insects in the crawl-space below the family's tenament apartment, a bullied  brother hiding from his environment in a steroid-enhanced body-- Leo(lo)  excapes into the fiction of his alternative life, aided by a kind stranger  who deposits books at his door-step.  At night Leo reads these fantastic  stories by stolen-light, and later they seep into his dreams, where he is  enthralled and inspired by the beauty of an older neighbor-girl he fancies  his muse and future lover.  &quot;Because I dream, I am...&quot; Leolo  reiterates throughout this bitter-sweet tale of a bright mind besieged by  the inequities of life.  While punctuated with hilarious episodes of  mock-heroism, and scored by a delightful Tom Waits soundtrack, the film  subtly reveals the brutalities that imperil Leo's comming of age.  While we  hope, with the protagonist, that art can triumph over the hardships of  life, the film refuses the sadder-but-wiser narratives of redemption that  usually underpin this genre.  The innoscence and wisdom of a child's  perspective is relayed in all of its precariousness.  If you liked &quot;My  Life as a Dog,&quot; &quot;400 Blows,&quot; or &quot;Slingshot,&quot; this  film will blow you away!  More bitter than sweet, &quot;Leolo&quot; is a  comming of age story that dares to question the faith we put in the  creative individual to convert our collective social failures into the  necessary conditions of art.  In doing so, it eloquently evokes the beauty  and the danger born of an impulse to fight with no recourse but mental  flight.  &quot;Leolo&quot; employs the conventions of magic realism while  staying firmly withina recognizable universe.  And while it crafts its  characters with humor it neither patronizes nor lampoons them.  The film's  true brilliance is its ability to convey the devastating limitations  imposed upon its young hero by an unfortunate and uncomprehending family,  while all along betraying their plight as similarly epic and  heart-wrenching.  &quot;Leolo&quot; will haunt you long after you turn off  the VCR.
B00000IOSU|5.0|i love this cd! i feel like she wrote the songs for me. i would love to get the lyrics for &quot;I will remember you&quot; it's very appropriate for me at this stage in my life, where I am moving on and leaving very  close friends behind. please e-mail me if you have them! thanks!  jen :-)
B00000I5Y6|4.0|Kansas rocks, the extra tracks are great, but I can't believe they dropped &quot;Perfect Lover&quot; from this album. I didn't notice this until after I ripped out the plastic-wrap.  My old tan cassette of this exact album had  a hard-rockin' single called &quot;Perfect Lover&quot; on side B preceding  &quot;No One Together&quot;.  I now hold this CD feeling incomplete without  this particular favorite.  The only CD I could find with that song is in  their Imported &quot;Definitive Collection&quot; release.
630463949X|5.0|I have to admit that until a friend played this DVD for me, I did not fully appreciate Fleetwood Mac or the DVD format.  I am now a fan of the group and have bought a number of Fleetwood Mac CD's.  I also have now a  modest digital A/V system on which to appreciate this amazing concert for  myself.  The Dance was my first DVD and is still the one I use to show  newcomers what amazing atmosphere and impact is available on DVD.  The  songs are timeless and the quality of recording is superb.
B000031XCR|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I have ever bought. A true masterpiece for any music fan. If you don't have this in your collection, you are not a true music fan.
B00002E233|4.0|A great thriller movie.Its full of surprises from the beginning. You find yourself watching going&quot;OK he's going to live,she's going to...nope scratch that,OK shes gonna get....&quot;You don't know whats around the  next turn as sharks enter the sinking science lab,and it becomes a battle  of wits when super smart sharks go up against there creators.
B000002I6T|5.0|What were the 60s like?  Listen to this album for the more peaceful Zeitgeist of that era..  A beautiful pipedream of an album that went through the &quot;Doors of Perception&quot; (Aldous Huxley) where so many  of us journeyed in that time.  It is, in the parlance of that  time, a  &quot;trip&quot; album which then meant that you went to another place to  spend some time to learn what you could learn.  Yes, it's personal and self  indulgent, but without the 80's animus of greed.  In addition to the  ethereal beauty of the music, I still sing (approx) &quot;What are their  names, and on what streets do they live/ I'd like to ride right over and  ask them why they run this land in such a thoughtless way.&quot;  Right on.
0783226837|1.0|This is possibly the worst movie I have ever had to sit through, and believe me, I have seen some really horrible movies.  The acting is deplorable.  The &quot;special&quot; effects aren't special.  It was a dog.   No, that is an insult to that majestic animal. My husband is an Ed Wood  fan. Even those movies have a comical appeal to them, whereas this movie is  nothing short of inane. If there is a God in heaven, this movie will fade  into obscurity, never to be heard from again.
B000002I6T|5.0|What were the 60s like?  Listen to this album for the more peaceful Zeitgeist of that era..  A beautiful pipedream of an album that went through the &quot;Doors of Perception&quot; (Aldous Huxley) where so many  of us journeyed in that time.  It is, in the parlance of that  time, a  &quot;trip&quot; album which then meant that you went to another place to  spend some time to learn what you could learn.  Yes, it's personal and self  indulgent, but without the 80's animus of greed.  In addition to the  ethereal beauty of the music, I still sing (approx) &quot;What are their  names, and on what streets do they live/ I'd like to ride right over and  ask them why they run this land in such a thoughtless way.&quot;  Right on.
B000002R48|4.0|This CD displays the growing talents of the main members of Dream Theater. Though the vocals are not as soaring and powerful as they are with James Labre, this is a great beginning to THE best progressive bands around.  Myung's bass has come a long way from this album. He seems to be a bit  muted at times. The album has a touch of the 80's metal to it, but what  sets it apart from the &quot;hair bands&quot; of the 80's is the intricate  layering of notes and tempo shifts. If your a DT fan, you must check them  out on this CD. Not their best CD, but it showcases a band with tremendous  talent and hlighlights why they are a force to be considered in the Prog  rock arena.
B000002G87|5.0|As a relative newcomer born in the 1980s experiencing classic rock for the first time, I have to say I can't explain how something could be so good. I am now heavily interested in blues solely because of this album. But this  isn't just any old blues - this is a catharsis on the part of the band. It  is apparent after the first minute of the cd that they poured everything  they had into making it and gave a little more after that. I won't qualify  each song - the album as a whole is fantastic, an encapsulation of true  emotion fit onto one 77-minute statement of bliss.
B000002BHE|5.0|Celine Dion has the most amazing voice.  She puts a lot of feelings into her songs.  I think it's great that there are CD's out there like this one, where you can just sit down and relax and listen to some love songs.  It's  bad enough that there is all that other junk out there that only sings  about cheating on one-another or getting even with each other or worse.   Keep up the good work Celine and I hope you come back to us soon.
B0000025CP|5.0|this is where metal all started and hey if your a metal head you have to have priest if not forget it i rather listen to priest before any that other stuff they rule always have always will..and realms of death,are my  fave tracks on the cd  please buy this its great buy buy buy you won't be  disappointed its a great classic album ......the end of this review by hh.  metalhead missy.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|another wonderful album from fiona. If you liked 'tidal' at all, you should have no problem with this one. Very easy to listen to, moves straight through to the end without any bumps. 'When the Pawn' takes off  with a faster, less sullen tempo than the first album, but it still has  plenty of moodiness. Although some of the songs do sound fairly similar to  each other, there aren't any that I don't like, and plenty that I do like.  And Fiona does have that voice that one can't very easily forget (if you  haven't heard her yet, take the time to listen to some of the  soundclips--or borrow a copy from a friend).
B000009EAD|5.0|others recommended them to me i am really into old style metal and underground metal but this iced earth has got  to be one the best bands i have heard like others have recommended it to me i am recommending them to  others if you like helloween,iron maiden,king diamond ,etc you will love  iced earth they rule HAIL ..I PLAN ON GETTING THERE OTHER RELEASES AS SOON  AS I CAN THANKS........
B00002Z88D|2.0|its pretty average but the video is ok, still average at bes
076701099X|4.0|From Venus with Love includes several delightful eccentrics.  Steed and Emma are puzzled.What is killing young men and turning their hair white?  Emma meets a charming, self-deprecating, elegant chimney sweep.  &quot;My name is Betram Fortescue Smythe,&quot;he introduces himself to  Emma.  &quot;Bert Smith,&quot;  He can't use his aristocratic name because  no one would hire him to sweep chimneys if he did.  Unfortunately, the  charming sweep, smitten with Emma, is zapped a few moments after they meet.  Steed is given the most delightful eye examination ever.  &quot;Identify  them!&quot; orders his eye doctor. &quot;Bowler, top hat...&quot;  In  addition, a retired army general, a mock up of MOntgomery, is dictating his  memoirs, using battle sounds, camouflage etc. until someone camouflages  him!  Fear Merchants uses irony to make amusing points about human  fears.  &quot;The pound is sick so we're visiting the hospital,&quot; Diana  Rigg's dry wit always delivers.  A superhuman strong man smashes boards  during his workout while a meek looking man struggles hopelessly to lift a  barbell.  Naturally &quot;superman&quot; is the one traumatized- by a  mouse!  The usual wit distinguishes this one.  Emma and Steed are  menaced by psychiatrists' henchmen who practice &quot;deadly  medicine.&quot;  &quot;Notice how fear makes him obey,&quot; says the  villain coolly to Emma, pointing a gun at Steed, &quot;his fear for  you.&quot;  Neat plot twists as Steed detects the cold blooded doctor's  neurosis, and<br />Emma discovers Steed's secret fear in the tag scene.  The  first seven color episodes, with the exception of The See Through Man were  a much stronger set of scripts than the final 7 of 1967. Viewing the  weaknesses of such scripts as: 50,000 Breakfast, See Through Man one can  understand why Diana Rigg left.
0385474547|5.0|My High School freshman English class had to read Things Fall Apart, and I really loved it. All of it was very good, with some very good life lessons and morals.
B00000JMQC|5.0|i saw this movie as a child (i was 4 i think) and it freaked me out, especially the wheelies and the queen's different heads! this movie has such an eerie atmosphere it makes it really freaky and it is best viewed on  a quiet day in the afternoon by yourself with noone else in the house. if  you understand why these conditions would make a movie of this nature THAT  much better to view than you obviously are a similar type of person to me  and are going to really love it... so buy it!
B000031WD9|4.0|This was a much better movie than I thought it would be.  Sure, it is all about teen sex, and has plenty of gross-out moments, but throughout the movie, you really care about most of the characters. It reminded a lot of  Diner, in that the main characters talk a lot among themselves, and it was  fun to listen in on them.<br />For better or worse, this movie took me and  most people I knew who saw it back to their teen years and reminded them of  themselves and all the types of people they knew.  This is one of the  funniest movies I've seen in a long while still having some real interest  beyond the jokes.<br />No, it is not a great movie, but it is well worth a  watch or two.
B000021XS0|5.0|If you enjoy listening to musicianship at the periphery of human ability these guys are it. Scenes form a Memory is back in the vein of Images and Words but with a twist; the entire cd is one long song split up into scenes  or movements. Their new keyboard player Jordan Rudess is incredible and, if  I might offend, is better than Sheridan or Kevin Moore.  This cd puts Dream  Theater back where we loved them; melodic, technical (an understatement),  and dynamic. One other different thing about this effort is that there is  clearly less vocals than any other cd; its mostly instrumental. This may  scare off some that are new to Dream Theater but make no mistake, there is  no finer conjunction of five musicians on this planet. They will blow you  away.
B000001E29|5.0|I only wish I'd have heard his music before (if you must limit it to such a term).  Tom Waits is utterly brilliant.  This album was my 1st experience, and has me addicted like a true junkie.  Upon hearing these  dark carnival-like sounds, I immediately thought of Tim Burton's Nightmare  Before Christmas.  It had the same eerie, inviting comfort as did the  visual art of Burton's masterpiece.  It is a strangely and very addictive  album.
B0000203Y5|5.0|I could have stayed to watch Buena Vista Social Club all day and all night. The film traces master guitarist Ry Cooder's seemingly endless search for more musical legends to play with, as he takes us to Cuba to  meet the masters of &quot;Son&quot; music. The result is a warm, beautiful  and touching portrait of the aging  &quot;Son&quot; masters emerging from a  long hiatus to show us they haven't lost their touch. <br />Cooder has long  sought out masters of &quot;roots&quot; music to learn from and play with.  This time he found his way into a diamond mine, and the resulting three  albums, &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot;, &quot;Afro-Cuban  All-Stars&quot; and &quot;Introducing Ruben Gonzales&quot; could all have  won the 1998 Grammy award, as the former actually did.<br />The film follows  the aging Son musicians around their native Cuba as they prepare for  overseas concerts in both Holland and New York City. The city of Havana  shows the effects of aging itself, run down and seedy, but, as with the  musicians themselves, there is a spirit of unity and inner strength that  overrides the worn down facade. That spirit emerges quickly as you see how  deeply the Cubans feel their music. You also see a country that preserves  the old and makes it work personified in the &quot;antique&quot;  automobiles the Cubans use to get around.<br />Several musicians are featured  in the film, but two gain the film's focus, jazz pianist Ruben Gonzales and  singer Ibrahim Ferrer, the &quot;Cuban Frank Sinatra&quot;. Gonzales no  longer has a piano and plays one in a gymnasium reserved for Cuban  gymnasts. Ferrer feels the public no longer appreciates his music and is  shining shoes to supplement a tiny retirement. Ry Cooder and his son  Joachim (sp?), a talented drummer, try to stay as far in the background as  possible. Cooder's style is to sit at the feet of the masters to learn and  participate. I think the director, Wim Wenders, gives him more face time  than he would prefer. No matter, as he is a wonderful musician and  facilitator, without whom the original project and the film would not have  happened.<br />Wenders weaves the music and the life of the musicians in a  pattern that draws the audience into the lives of the musicians, especially  Ferrer. I was very familiar with the music from the three albums and that  made my experience with them almost personal. I was excited as I saw the  rehearsals draw the musicians closer and tighter. They became young again  as the music started flowing from them. <br />The culmination of the film is  the concert at Carnegie Hall. I was fully engaged by then and I had chills  when the Son music was playing and when the audience responded with such  enthusiasm. I had tears of pleasure as the music flowed over me. <br />I've  recommended this film to many of my friends, and they all have gone out of  their way to thank me. I don't think I've seen another film in 1999 that  I've liked better. I'll paraphrase what Ry Cooder says to his son in the  film, &quot;This is the kind of opportunity that comes once in a  lifetime&quot;.
B000031XCR|3.0|I have always been a Celine fan in a small sence.I feel the best songs on this albumn are: Power of love,If walls can talk, Thats the way it is,and Angel.As for the Titanic song Im still burned out of all the radio play,  they over did a beautiful song. As for these people who want to continue to  put her down obviously do not listen to a wide range of  music.Grunge,Classic rock, hip hop, latin, and dance are my favorites. You  cant put Celine in any catogory of music, or even compare her to  trends.<br />To compare Mariah Carey to her is a insult. If anyone recalls  Mariah has only had a few great albums altogether and they were written by  other writers,not her.No disreaspect to Mariah, but she trying to be  something she not.(p.s. if I recall Mariah and Celine have worked together  too.) Celine is just tired for this century, and needs to rest and  concitrate on her family.
B000002H97|5.0|A lot of people tried to condemn Metallica for selling out with this album. I strongly disagree....they've always had their own style. Bands that sell out don't last very long....and Metallica is still around. This  album is one of my favorites and even though it isn't as hard as their  earlier records - it is still very different from anything else playing in  the music world. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
0062502182|5.0|It is one of the best books I have ever read.If you have ever felt as if life is not worth living for, you will change your mind after reading this book. And whenever you feel sad or when you don't feel self-confident try  to read it.You will easily discover your inner strength
B000001F5A|5.0|Vangelis is not to be used sparingly---ever! The more, the better. But the listener has to have a discriminating ear and cosmopolitan tastes. This soundtrack evokes New Age music's reverence for nature. It definitely creates the sense of being in the cold ice fields of Antarctica. The sound also includes reference to Asian musical tastes, which may sound meaningless to those westerners who are at a level of (un)sophisitcation where they associate the title \\"Deliverance\\" with banjos by default.<br />The main theme drew me in right away and remains one of my all-time favorites (yes Monty, even though there are no guitars!). But each theme presents a sort of \\"sound picture\\" of a slightly different landscape in Antarctica---everything from light and ethereal to saturnine (look it up, Monty) and threatening.<br />I'd rate this as one of Vangelis' best works. Like a previous reviewer, I snagged a tape of this soundtrack from Hawaii years and years ago. As soon as I found out it was available on the mainland as a CD, I plunked down my money.
B000002UAX|5.0|buy this album. I am a true beatles fan, and this is my favorite album. It should be put in a time capsule for great music of the century.  It rocks! Beatles fan or not, (and if you're not, what's wrong with you? ) you  should buy it, even if just to appreciate the genius of the fab four!
B00001SIES|5.0|Muse is so great! I love them so much. I can't wait to get the CD of heard them before and all the songs are great but my personal favorites are tracks number two and three. Muse is AMAZING!  Buy them, you won't regret  it!
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is the best music I have ever heard in my life. The singing and the music fits so perfectly it's unbelievable... 9 crazy members and each one with an important role. If that doesn't make you a believer check out  my slipknot site [...]
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182's &quot;Enema of the State&quot; is probably the best c.d. I have ever bought!  All of the songs on this c.d. are phat, and my friends are haveing me tape them onto tapes for them!  This c.d. is totally phat,  and if you're not sure about buying it, defnitly buy it!  You won't regret  it!
0805062971|5.0|I once spent a week living with Trappist monks and in retrospect I can see that, ironically, their lifestlye often mirrors that of Tyler Durden (Fight Club's most dynamic character): 1) Rejection of material weath  2)non-conformity 3)the desire to let go of those things that truly don't  matter.  Additionally, Palahniuk's vivid, stop&amp;go style keeps you  racing along at Tyler's pace while questioning everything that we hold as  pillars of human acheivement (the Internet for example).
B000002NHN|5.0|Tracks 4 &amp; 8 are fantastic!  Doing a report at work?  Put this on and let the time fly by - the report will be pretty good too!
B00000F5KH|5.0|This is CINEMA like all directors would like to do. And this is the right cast for a great production. You'll laugh and you'll cry and you'll see it again and again... One of the DVD you must have if you love cinema. The  best money i spent for a film!
0679746048|5.0|I picked up this book in Early August at a used book store in San Fransisco.  I read it in one sitting.  The way that Kaysen puts together her thoughts on the page is a way in which I think all young women can  relate.  She is a little mixed up, as to why she is where she is, and  throughout the book there is no organization, no sense of time, nor is  there a sense of reality.  But that is why the book is so amazing.  I think  all of us at one time have been somewhat confused about who and where were  were in this world, as well as depressed, and this book sent me a message  that, if I just work my way through the little everyday things and look at  my life in a less serious way, things may become clearer.  The book also  taught me that relity is not always the same for the people around you, and  you have to try and feel what others are feeling to get a better  understanding of yourself.  Simply put, I think this book speaks volumes to  all women, but then again, that is just my opinion, in my own biting  reality.
B00002MZ12|5.0|It's an early unplugged, yes. Pearl Jam's was done just after their first album, so what the .... Listen to it and find what she's done, i think it fills all my ideas of what an unplugged should sound like.  Very cool  arrangements, very nice orchestration. The high points: &quot;I was  hoping&quot;, &quot;you oughta know&quot;, &quot;king of pain&quot; and  &quot;head over feet&quot;. Beautiful ending with &quot;uninvited&quot;.  The vocal performance is awesome. It is a very good Unplugged, people  should look at it like that!
6303014100|5.0|I think that this is a fantastic recreation of the battle of Gettysburg.  I know this because I have read 20 books on the subject.  I also enjoyed the fact that it showed the battle from both sides this helps you  understand what happened from a more broad perspective of the battle.  The  final battle scene is astounding the special effects are fantastic.  So in  other words I think this movie is great.
B00000DGUG|5.0|SFIJ is far more complete than Pill. Alanis here uses all of her talent to create 17 songs full of heart and power. Only two songs didn't make it Heart of the house,and your congratulations. Both quite plain and insipid.  But the rest is definitely worth the buy and if you really like music (not  alanis, like what happened with pill), you'll surely like the cd cause it's  way more mature. DVB
1567406831|4.0|Tuesday's with Morrie was a wonderful book.  Mitch Albom, the author, describes his hectic life as a sports writer, jet setting around the world, but missing something.  When Mitch accidentally sees his former teacher and  mentor from college on Night Line with Ted Koppel, Mitch is curious and  contacts him.  Unfortunately, Morrie is dying from ALS and as their  relationship grows, so does the ravages of this disease.  Each Tuesday,  Morrie and Mitch have a session where some of life's simplest ideas are  discussed.  Morrie maps out suggestions for living that are so simple and  uncomplicated that Mitch and the reader cannot help but pay attention to  such good advice. Some of Morrie's advice comes from tough experiences such  as the death of his Mother when he was only eight years old.  Morrie tells  of never really getting over this tragedy and it was mostly because his  father would not discuss it.  Sadly, the telegram announcing his mother's  death in a hospital is his only momento of her. Morrie decides to make his  dying as untraumatic as is possible.  He has plenty of time to say good-bye  to loved ones and Mitch is included in this special group. Of course, this  story cannot have a happy ending because this disease is incureable, yet  Mitch is content in the end to go to Morrie's grave and talk while Morrie  listens.  As Morrie said those you love in this life are always with you in  your memories.  Professor Morrie Schwartz was a truly remarkable man and  the sense of humor he kept through out his terrible suffering and  humiliations he endured as his body shrunk to nothing is something I will  always remember.  Morrie Schwartz was the ultimate teacher and his life was  the lesson we all should follow.  This book tells you through out to stop  and smell the roses.  Talk to your friends and family as if you may not see  them ever again after today.  Love each other and don't let petty problems  get in the way of any relationship that means something to you.We never  know how many tomorrows we have left.  Morrie Schwartz with his books,  hibiscus plant and love for mankind was a great guy to know through this  book.  Mitch Albom did a great job and I recommend this book to anyone  because we all share in the lessons Morrie had to teach.
630512695X|5.0|This is absolutely the best movie musical!Nothing compares to it.  Gene Kelly just makes you smile in the title song, and Donald O'Conner makes you, well, laugh in &quot;Make Em' Laugh&quot;.  But for anyone who loves  tap dancing, this movie contains some of the best hoofing numbers, such as  &quot;Good Mornin'&quot; and &quot;Moses Supposes&quot;.  If you've never  seen this movie, it's a must, because just watching a grown man sing and  splash around in puddles is enough to cheer anyone up after the worst of  days!
0782008372|2.0|This is not the first THX-certified movie, but positively the worst. If it wasn't for the movie itself, I'd rate this DVD with a lot less than even one star. Even Queen's audio track sounds awful, a lot worse than the same  tunes on &quot;A Kind of Magic&quot;! If THX is trying to market its  ratings as quality trademark, they just invited a lot of competition to  join this field... Watching this DVD is like reading a book that you really  like, but it's full of coffee stains and plum jam fingerprints. Ouch!
0684833395|5.0|Heller's novel about the pilot Yossarian left me wondering how in the hell I could be laughing about the horrors of war.  This novel is a thought provoking and humorous look at the dilemmas that face a man who must  confront his own mortality daily.  A must read.
B00001U0E1|5.0|This is a great movie to entertain anyone.  One of the best things is that it covers all areas from comedy to romance.  This DVD is now on the let's watch it again list.
0792839846|5.0|When I was 14 years along in life &amp; love, before my perilous journey through both began, my mother decided that I was adult enough to appreciate &quot;staying up late&quot; to learn the joys of real &amp; great  movie-making &amp; the icons of the acting profession. Of course, back in  &quot;those days&quot;, you could only find a masterpiece of cinema from  the Golden age on in the wee hours...but you could always find them, and  more than one station played them. Now, we are subjected to infomercials  instead of a classic black/white 1940's war film for the sake of revenue.    As a young child, I often rebelled at suggestions from my Mother concerning  reading material- she had quite a library of this 'n that..but being  stubborn, I didn't want to make what I thought would be a wasted effort to  get involved in one of these boredom-laden tomes. They had dull-sounding  titles- The Prophet-K. Gibran, Andersonville (a civil war POW camp),  Bartlett's Book Of Quotations, Anything Can Happen-G. Papishvily, Gone with  The Wind-M. Mitchell, to name a few. To my embarrassment to this very day,  I must admit I did not get around to reading GwTW until I was 81/2 (1961  June) simply because of a hurricane that blew close enough to scare me from   leaving the house for two days. I nearly drove my Mother mad, she would  only suggest &quot;find something to read&quot;...at my whining  &quot;there's nothing to do&quot; So- I went to the bookshelf &amp; looked-  at this HUGE book- dirty, old &amp; somewhat odiferous after actually  opening the thing- the one Mother had been trying to sell me on for what  seemed like forever. Okay. I 'll try..Truly bored!   Never having forgiven  Mother for not threatening me w/ some really imaginative form of torture,  (involving insects, maybe..) for not making me, at least, read the first 10  pages of this most wonderful of classical stories, (Actually, I think I was  hooked on the first page) I am ready to admit that afterward when my Mother  said I should listen &amp; learn about classic books &amp; movies made in  the late 30's-mid-40's, I did just that with a vengeance. I have, forever,  loved planes, my favorite plane is the B-17- More than that, the 3.5 years  we spent fighting &amp; 2.5+ flying those B-17s over Germany &amp; other  wartime enemy territory, should be made a course of it's own in grade  school- 6th grade, perhaps. The country was never at its best as it was for  those 3.5 years. The early war brought our country to its knees for a  moment in 1941-1942, but you would never have known by the people. The  country joined the cause of freedom w/ Europe- the British were bombed out  of their homes night after night, the French had been defeated and had  given over to the enemy. All the low countries were also under the grip of  fear, along w/ most of Scandinavia.    To see the movie casablanca is to  experience &amp; learn along w/ just enjoying. It is impossible to come out  of that movie for the first time, &amp; not want to KNOW MORE! I have a 25  yr old friend who had not a clue about rationing in WWII. I have met her  Mother &amp; Dad- they SEEM normal..how could they have let their daughter  miss out on the history of not only our country, but of her own family and  its role during that most wonderful of American eras? An excellent way to  do that would be to make them watch Bogie as he walks into Rick's w/ that  white dinner jacket &amp; an attitude we'll never forget..Who can't  remember all the famous lines,  and if we're honest, who can't help saying  them along w/ Rick &amp; Ilse..&quot;Here's looking..Hill of  Beans&quot;..and all the rest inbetween. It is easy for us all to say we  are patriotic, just watch Paul Heinreid have enough courage to lead the  cafe in the most moving movie song I have ever seen- the Marseilles-against  the Nazi officers who try  unsuccessfully  to drown out the French anthem  w/ their own. By the end of that emotionally charged scene, you can nothelp but be curious- maybe because today we cannot imagine ourselves  becoming involved in a war of that scope. Todays wars last a day or so-  there w/ never be another Pearl Harbor- Yes, we may well be attacked  somewhere in the world &amp; lose thousands of soldiers in a nuclear or  perhaps biological attack, but I know I would never see 75% of Americas'  male population run, not walk, to the nearest recruiting center to join  whatever he could -that's how it was in Dec. of '41.    Casablanca was a  fairy tale but it wasn't- a beautiful love story that just happens to be  set in one of the most exciting &amp; atrocious times ever in our history.  For those of you who have not experienced this classic, there is, as usual,  a twist at the end that sums up the state of mind of  America and left no  doubt as to who would come out on top in the end. Remembering also, this  movie was released very near the bombing of Pearl Harbor so it struck a  chord in the country.    Who can explain why a movie that was written  day-by-day &amp; w/ actors who had no idea where the story was going, would  turn out to be so successful then? How about now? Why?   Story, Actors,  Acting, Patriotism, Realism, Emotion, Sex, Violence, Music, great  editing....   It would be far more interesting than you might think to  watch a teenager, or younger preferably, watch this movie w/ you &amp; see  the child become as enthralled w/ the times &amp; the movie as you have  been. More doors open up for the whole family to learn about each other if  we just start somewhere. Yeah, they're black &amp; white, but just give 'em  a try- you just might learn something!
B000002J1M|5.0|It's hard to explain what an innocent little sentence like &quot;Theres an angel standing in the sun&quot; can do to a person. Genesis fans would agree. Can utility is my favorite Genesis song, too bad they didn't have  more from Foxtrot on the live part of the archive. Get em out by friday is  still relevant today(the lyrics). Would have loved to hear these jewls with  a modern production and sound. Enjoy.
B000000W5P|5.0|&quot;Some Girls&quot; made me a Stones fan. &quot;Some Girls&quot; made me a Stones FREAK!  I love this album. I've played it so much, I'm amazed it hasn't turned to dust. As someone who thinks ATTITUDE is the vital  component in rock `n' roll, and not musicianship, I believe Ron Wood made  the Stones better than ever (better than the Mick-Taylor-Stones, that I  like, too). I saw the Stones on the &quot;No Security&quot; tour, and when  Mick unexpectedly did &quot;Some Girls&quot; (because of his cheating on  Jerry Hall, and the press it got) I was in HEAVEN. Keith did &quot;Before  They Make Me Run&quot; and I was in Heaven again. And when Mick sang from  &quot;Respectable&quot; &quot;...You're the easiest lay on the White House  lawn&quot; it was as though the Stones had predicted a Monica Lewinsky back  in the 70's. There are some songs on here that aren't great, but none of  them are bad. And having &quot;Beast of Burden&quot; go right into  &quot;Shattered&quot;...that's one of the best two-song sequences in rock  `n' roll history. If you don't like this album, you don't like the  Stones...or else you need to get some Q-tips and clean that ear-wax out of  your ears.
0140177396|4.0|Mice and men was a strange book at the start. The language was very interesting and cleverly described. The fact that I'm only 13 years of age makes it quite a challanging book for me. As we got into it, it was  brilliant. I loved the way Steinbeck showed that George &amp; Lennies life  was a game of chance, by George always play cards.  When you play cards you  don't know if your going to get a bad hand or a good one. This reflects the  issues in both George and Lennnie's life.  It got quite emotional when  Carlson insisted on killing Candy's dog. I suppose that if I had a ill dog  , I'm sure I'd want to put it out of it's misery.  The end though was  fantastic. Curley was beating Lennie, so George told Lennie to get him, and  Lennie grabbed hold of Curley's had and crushed it with his enormous amount  of strengh. This was really a great, but personally I think that It is  aimed for elder readers.
B000002JNJ|5.0|These guys live, breath, eat, and sleep Heavy Metal.  You won't find a more dedicated, or even tenacious band like this anywhere!  Right from the beginning, Pantera lures in the listener with hard-core riffs and defiant  lyrics.  Dime Bag Darrel is a great guitarist.  His style drives to the  very root of one's nervous system.  And, Phil Anselmo provides these  tremendous vocals that can only have come from a guy who was weened on  Metal!  The drummer, Vinnie Paul's playing never misses a beat, and he  seems to play almost tirelessly through these hard-hitting songs.  This is  an album that I would recommend for any Heavy Metal fan.
B00000J7S8|5.0|This CD takes the cake of our schools recent plays.  Every time I play a track from this CD people call and ask who it is.  Song like &quot;Lets Fall In Love&quot; remind us that Ms. Krall can sing with the best of them.   I love this CD and so does the listening public of our radio station.   Another winner in a long line of great albums by Diana Krall!
B00000J7J4|4.0|This album was the first album of Santana's that I bought.  It was a little risky for me because I'd only heard 'Put Your Lights On', but I went ahead and got it.  I've been very pleased with the purchase since  then.<br />The CD contains 13 songs and an extra cut of mixed genres, which  adds to its appeal.  It combines some excellent Latin music with some of  the best rock guitar sounds I have ever heard in my life.  It is the one CD  I can get everyone in my family to listen to without complaint because of  its mixture of rock, pop, hip hop, and Latin.  The guest artists only add  to its appeal by contributing their excellent musical talents to the  spectacular ones of Carlos Santana and his band.<br />Of Note: '(Da Le)  Yaleo', 'Smooth', 'Corazon Espinado', and 'Put Your Lights On'
0790729733|3.0|I don't have an opinion on the events of November 22 1963, perhaps its because I don't live in America or had not yet been born. In spite of that I have always found this story intriguing. While it does make you think  there are some scenes in the film which make you think that Garrison is  incredibly naive. Nevertheless, the final half hour is gripping as his  theory of events unfolds.<br />The picture quality of the DVD is excellent and  the sound is good. On the negative side this DVD not only lacks any  features it is also a flipper. I don't mind too much as after the first 100  minutes the break was welcome. For those who hate flippers or want features  - avoid this one.
6305075379|5.0|One of the best action/cult movies around.  The car is awsome, and with a limited budget the director (George Miller) does an excellant job.  I only wish there was a way for you to get the true austrailian version intead of  the dubbed American ver.
B000003TSP|5.0|I think Liz Gibbons is that rare singer whose voice is literally &quot;alive&quot;.  This album is a little different from &quot;Dummy&quot;, but brilliant nonetheless, because it accentuates her  voice more, vs. the tunes themselves.  &quot;Mourning Air&quot; and  &quot;Only You&quot; are just mind-boggling!
6305232660|4.0|I think this is a pretty good movie to watch. It might make you cry and make you believe it will happen. Some  parts of the movie might be a little boring or stupid to you, but hey, it's just a movie. You always remember  that. This movie is okay to watch but it might make you have different  opinions.
0688156819|5.0|This book is a wonderful read!  The first time through I thought it was twisted and funny.  But this book has a lot of hidden meaning in its context.  The poems discuss children who feel left out or different.  Tim  Burton has mixed his usual &quot;unique&quot; and dark style into the  illustrations by making the children literally freaks.  Through his poetry,  he insinuates disabilities, abuse and loneliness rather than telling the  reader point blank what is really ailing them.  I definatly recommend this!
B000003TSP|4.0|First, I gave 4 stars because I'm hesitant to bestow the ultimate on anything.  Second, this CD is more cohesive and assured than &quot;Dummy&quot; which is also very good.  But back to the headphones:   put them on, turn this up as loud as you can take it, close your eyes and  concentrate on the amalgam of sound.  You think it's incredible coming out  of speakers?  Have every bit of it spill into your ears.  Production is  amazing and has at times brought tears to my jaded eyes.  The art of it  all!  Beautiful!  I want to live!  Hopefully, Beth  will hang in there and  P-head will make another.
B000021XS0|5.0|A phenomanal effort by probably the best prog band left (unless Rush isn't finshed).  This album has given progressive rock something it has been missing for most of the ninties, a solid and complete concept album.  With  the technical skill that Dream Theater has, it is a shame that they haven't  gone down this road earlier.  If you are a prog rock fan your collection  will be incomplete without this album.
B000002UZ4|5.0|Collected together as these singles are, one realizes that PSB has written some fantastically snide and beautiful songs, most of which you can dance to in an ironic way.  A must have for anyone who truly loves pop  music/culture.
B000005S0E|5.0|This album is cool, but I really just wrote this to point out that Staring at the Sea was called Standing on a Beach BEFORE it came out on CD.  So whoever wrote that earlier review SHOULD go cry.
B000003TSP|4.0|First, I gave 4 stars because I'm hesitant to bestow the ultimate on anything.  Second, this CD is more cohesive and assured than &quot;Dummy&quot; which is also very good.  But back to the headphones:   put them on, turn this up as loud as you can take it, close your eyes and  concentrate on the amalgam of sound.  You think it's incredible coming out  of speakers?  Have every bit of it spill into your ears.  Production is  amazing and has at times brought tears to my jaded eyes.  The art of it  all!  Beautiful!  I want to live!  Hopefully, Beth  will hang in there and  P-head will make another.
B00000AFWW|1.0|Two things... Use Just Once and Destroy is not only the title of a Hole song, but a NIRVANA lyric from Radio Friendly Unit Shifter, off of the album IN UTERO. Also, in reply to another review... if Courtney Love makes  ANY appearance at all on the next Smashing Pumpkins album, this is one  long-time Corgan listener who will not be buying it, or any SP release of  the future.
B00000J8EK|5.0|Okay, I have to vent a little after reading a few of the narrow minded reviews that are listed below...calling the Brothers &quot;sellouts&quot; and MTV candy.  These narrow minded people are the ones who blast such  ideas of Eric Clapton straying from Rock to try blues!  Clapton is a great  blues artist, as well as rock.  Should we really want to punish artists  like the Chemical Brothers for releasing an album that obviously shows  growth artistically.  If you listen to Exit Planet Dust, which is a  wonderful breakthrough album, it's overall mentality is rather mundane  compared to the adventure that is Surrender.  We have to face the truth,  what happens to artist when they begin to gain popularity?  Most say they  sell out, but I believe that they truly try to accomplish an understanding  of their music to as large of an audience that they can reach.  MTV opens  lines to show artists such as the Brothers, Moby, as well as the stuff you  see on TRL.  Artist never set out to impress ten people with their album  and then stop growing.  Artists want to appeal to as much of an audience as  possible.  I believe that we should embrace the growing popularity of  techno music rather than scowl at it.  The more people that understand the  music and enjoy it, then the more tolerance their is.  I listen to  everything from Mozart to Dave Matthews, from Ruff Riders to Faithless.   Their is so much greatness on Surrender, the brothers manage to meld many  different styles of electronica all into one album.  There isn't a bad  track in the bunch.  Just as Exit Planet Dust, Dig Your Own Hole, and The  Brothers Gonna Work It Out, Surrender is a ground breaking album in the  world of music.  Note the use of the word music, rather than Techno music.   For all those poor reviewer's, why don't you guys try to open up to a new  world that the Chemical Brothers are trying to create.  A unified one,  under the banner of music.
B000021XS0|4.0|Many are still asking why Dream Theater, without the help of radio and other medias, are always able to reach high places in american and european charts. The answer is, definitively, in this new \\"Scenes From A Memory\\". A  great concept-album, with some references to \\"Images and Words\\", and  probably the best rock-opera of the 90's; and, that's incredible, this  happens after eleven years of career and international notoriety (with  dozens of fans-club around the world). The fact is that John Petrucci has  finally left some long prog-metal parts, to give more spaces to ballads  (\\"Through Her Eyes\\" and \\"The Spirit Carries On\\" are real masterpecies).  James Labrie shows a marvellous, dramatic performance on vocals, and new  keyboardist Jordan Rudess gives a perfect example of well-balanced  progressive sound.
6304184832|5.0|I have seen this movie so many times. I even taped it onto cassette so I can listen to it in my car. People call me &quot;Extreme&quot; just like Bill Pullman in the movie. That flying cow is sooo kewl. Makes me wanna  become a storm chaser. The two Van Hallen songs in this movie, make it even  better then the original, and a wet Helen Hunt, can't get any better than  that. I am the greatest...
B000002J1O|5.0|From &quot;Trespass&quot; to &quot;A trick of the tail&quot; Genesis made only excellent albums, but this is really music for angels! &quot;Dancing with moonlight nights&quot;, &quot;Firth of fifth&quot;, &quot;Cinema  show&quot; give incredible emotions. Peter, Tony, Steve, Mike and Phil here  were in a magical moment.
B000003BEV|1.0|I take it back(re..previous review)..I traded this record for Mac Davis' &quot;One Helluva Woman.&quot;
B000002J1O|5.0|From &quot;Trespass&quot; to &quot;A trick of the tail&quot; Genesis made only excellent albums, but this is really music for angels! &quot;Dancing with moonlight nights&quot;, &quot;Firth of fifth&quot;, &quot;Cinema  show&quot; give incredible emotions. Peter, Tony, Steve, Mike and Phil here  were in a magical moment.
B000002OX3|4.0|This album took a few listens before it actually started to grow on me. Some of the songs (esp. A Quick One, Boris the Spider, So Sad About Us, Whiskey Man) are brilliant.  Others (Cobwebs and Strange) are quirky.   Others still (Don't Look Away, See My Way, I Need You)  could have been  better. Still though, I think this is a good testament to The Who while  they were still experimenting with different sounds and ideas. This album  is a little raw, and it doesn't have as much direction as the later ones,  but that's just why I love it. You can really feel that the band is pulling  together and trying to find their musical identity.  &quot;Boris the  Spider&quot; alone is worth the price of admission!  All in all, a really  good moment in Who album history.
B00000K19E|5.0|Most reviewers like to focus on the special effects of this movie (which were absolutely incredible) or the acting (which was also incredible, despite Keanu Reeves).  I'd have to say that the main reason why &quot;The  Matrix&quot; is such an awesome movie is because it gets your brain  working...it makes you think.  Most movies out there don't do that, and  it's rare nowadays to find a movie that stimulates the intellect quite so  much.  You can talk about the effects, you can talk about the acting, but  what makes a movie truly great is how much it inspires the viewer.   &quot;The Matrix&quot; is a treat for the mind.  Go see it.
6302794331|5.0|This Muppet film was the first one made after Jim Henson died. I can still remember the reluctance I felt at seeing it because I was afraid that it would not live up to the past. However, I was pleasantly surprised and  charmed by this wonderful and hilarious adaptation of the Christmas classic  by Dickens.  My two favorite characters, Gonzo and Rizzo, help keep the  audience's interest by mixing classic narration with comic slapstick. Those  two have the best chemistry in the film!  Michael Caine is excellent as the  embittered Scrooge, and I love the songs and the other Muppet creatures.   Although I cannot help but watch it with a sad heart, I know that somewhere  Henson is looking down on this Christmas Carol and smiling proudly.
B00000K19E|5.0|Most reviewers like to focus on the special effects of this movie (which were absolutely incredible) or the acting (which was also incredible, despite Keanu Reeves).  I'd have to say that the main reason why &quot;The  Matrix&quot; is such an awesome movie is because it gets your brain  working...it makes you think.  Most movies out there don't do that, and  it's rare nowadays to find a movie that stimulates the intellect quite so  much.  You can talk about the effects, you can talk about the acting, but  what makes a movie truly great is how much it inspires the viewer.   &quot;The Matrix&quot; is a treat for the mind.  Go see it.
B000002OVJ|5.0|This is the ESSENTIAL live album!  I wasn't born early enough to see The Who live at this time, so this offers a chance to hear and feel what they were like onstage.  The first time I listened to it, I was blown away. I  still feel that excitement everytime I play it.  The re-release not only  offers more songs, but provides clever and amusing banter from the  bandmates in between songs. I actually find myself wishing that I was there  to see the whole concert!  If you think that The Who rock on record, then  you will love listening to them live!  Even if you don't like The Who, you  will love this album!  It is one of the greatest live albums on the planet.
0425170055|5.0|Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six is typical of his other writings it was somewhat long, okay at 897 pages it is very long.  This is by far one of his best writings, I have read many, and this is second to only a few such as  Patriot Games.  If you've never read a Tom Clancy book than you will be in  for a surprise, his use of details is amazing, and he has a knack for  always finding the right word in any situation.  Tom Clancy is definitely  one of the best authors alive today, and this is clearly displayed in this  book, no other author matches his ability in writing long books that don't  bore you.  The book starts out with Jack Ryan, his wife, son-in-law Domingo  Chavez, and his pregnant daughter on a plane going to England with the  purpose of starting the \\"Rainbow\\" project, a group of multinational experts  in intelligence, and military experts who protect the world from  terrorists.  There is a rise in military actions from the beginning, the  reader follows the fighters through various missions, successful, and not.   Then the reader meats a unique Russian Ex-KGB agent who works against  Rainbow.  Tom Clancy uses various writing styles in order to interest  everybody from changing the style to make the reader go faster during the  battles, to slow in the character development sections.  The best part of  this book is how Mr. Clancy draws a vivid picture of the terrorist mindset,  which is extremely complicated with the fact that the majority of the  terrorists are psychopaths.  The plot has many turns, some of which are  hard to follow, but the majority is extremely easy to follow which makes  this an easy read.  Rainbow Six is a great book for anyone, but there are  some people that may be afraid of its length, and at almost 900 pages the  fear is somewhat justified, you will not regret reading this book, but if  you get bored extremely easy you might want to start with another one of  Tom Clany's books.
B000002OX5|5.0|Although everyone on the classic rock planet gives credit to The Beatles for the &quot;concept album&quot; trend, in truth The Who were experimenting with mini-operas and concepts long before The Beatles were  famous for it.  This album, released after &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot;  still  is a great original.  It combines thoughtful songs in between amusing  advertisement jingles, proving that The Who has both a talent for rock  music and a great sense of humor.  The best track on the album is the  rocking &quot;I Can See for Miles,&quot;  although my personal favorite is  the sweet &quot;Sunrise.&quot;  The Who do lose their direction a little at  the end with the pirate radio concept, but the brilliant mini-opera  &quot;Rael&quot; more than makes up for it, giving the audience a precursor  to what Townshend would later create in &quot;Tommy.&quot;  All in all, a  wonderful early Who album, worth listening to over and over again.
0385484518|1.0|OK, I suppose I'm in the minority. But I got so tired of this book! Every Tuesday Mitch goes to see Morrie and, every time, Morrie tells Mitch to slow down and smell the roses. I really got the idea the first Tuesday, and  I didn't need the rest.<br />Morrie keeps telling Mitch that money isn't  everything. But I kept wondering if Morrie's tune would be different if he  didn't have the private nurses to take care of him.<br />Of course Morrie had  already died long before I got the book (oops-- I hope I didn't give away  the ending...), but as I read the book, I couldn't help wishing he'd get on  with it.
B000002OX7|5.0|This album is not only essential to Who fans, but to any fan of classic rock!  Born out of Townshend's failed sci-fi concept &quot;Lifehouse,&quot;  this album offers everything from self-reflecting ballads (Gettin in Tune,  The Song is Over) to straight ahead rockers (Goin Mobile, My Wife)to more  (at the time) experimental synthesized-but-still-rocking power songs (Baba  O'Riley, Won't Get Fooled Again).  In short, it offers everything that The  Who has come to represent.  They show that they can rock with the best of  'em, and this album sounds as great as the first time I ever heard the  songs when I was a child. The bonus tracks rock out too, especially the  great cover of &quot;Baby Don't You Do It.&quot;  It's the kind of song  that you want to blast out of your car while driving down the road, trying  to keep your hands on the wheel while simultaneously making windmill air  guitars.     I can only wonder at what &quot;Lifehouse&quot; would have  been if it had come out in the 1970's like Townshend had planned, but this  album at least offers a brief glimpse into his vision. Great album, great  songs, great band.
0800141326|3.0|I liked the movie but he does not deserve the godzilla name, and there's only one, and in my opinion he does't deserve that name. It should be called Giant lizard attacks New York.  But I still liked the movie.
B00003003R|4.0|Hmm...to start off with, live era 87-93 again reaffirms why Guns n'Roses was one of the greatest bands of their day. This Cd highlights the band during their hey-dey and is a must have for any Guns' Fan...However..some  things i would have liked to have seen in this live set were a more  conprehensive assortment of Live material..ie. Civil War, Locomotive, and  possibly some unreleased material besides Black Sabbath's &quot;It's  Alright.&quot; The sound quality is excellent with some exceptions(Too much  crowd noise during &quot;Patience&quot; and A Funky ending to  &quot;Paradise City&quot;.)Overall, it does sound great and will be a great  stocking stuffer for any Gn'R fan! It is sad that their era together i.e.  Axl, Slash,Duff, etc..has ended...but this two set Cd is a great reminder  of how powerful Guns n'Roses was as a live Band..and brings us, the GnR  fan, hope for tomorrow.
0871137380|4.0|I enjoyed this book very much. Particulary liked the tactical descriptions of the battles. Moved a little slowly at points, but this is a minor quibble.
6304819935|5.0|THIS MOVIE WILL SHOW ALL OF YOU &quot;MAMA'S&quot; BOYS WHAT A REAL MAN IS MADE OF!  NOT ONLY DOES ASH (OUR HERO) HAVE THE WORST LUCK AT GETTING BEAT UP, HE ALSO HAS THE SUPER ABILITY TO DEFY ALL REASON DURING HIS ENDEAVORES.   THIS MOVIE WAS ONE OF THE FUNNIEST, &quot;THERE'S NO WAY THAT COULD  HAPPEN&quot; CLASSICS!  ARMYIES OF DARKNESS IS ALSO A MUST SEE FOR ALL FANS  OF THIS MASTERPIECE!  &quot;...GO ON AND RUN!  RUN HOME AND CRY TO  MOMMA! &quot; -ASH
B00000IAU3|5.0|To cut to the chase, this is a very good album, and Dido will get the regonition she deserves. If you are in the mood to sit back and relax and enjoy some brilliant music, then this is for you. All You Want, Here With  Me, and Take My Hand(bonus track) are amazing and worth the money alone !  Two Thumbs Up Way Up!
079213690X|5.0|This is one of the best films I have ever seen, 10 out of 10, rated with the Best of the Best! Haven't you seen it? What are you waiting for? Its the best!  Mel Gibson at his best
B0000025RI|3.0|Even if this record is the best selling album ever, it's NOT the best of all time. I guess many fans are not objective enough and must understand that Michael will be running after Thriller during all his life because it  was with this album that he was really a &quot;King of pop&quot; ; remember  what he was, this charismatic young man with his great videos, his  incredibly exciting dancing, his enigmatic voice, the glove, he was REALLY  exciting, &quot;magic&quot; ; Elvis and The Beatles created the same  phenomenon, they're the only ones. But after that, nothing was the same,  nothing was really &quot;magic&quot;, even if the Bad Tour was the best  concert I've ever seen. I don't like what he became during the 90's but I  was a very very big fan with Thriller and that's why he keep a special  place in my memory even so, and that's why I recommand you this album, just  to own a piece of musical history, and &quot;Billie Jean&quot; is really  good even today :) .
0440133688|5.0|I've read this book 4-5 times and I think it is one of the funniest books every written. After reading some of these reviews I'm amazed at how many people just don't &quot;get it&quot;. I'm afraid most people in this  country who grew up with bad sit-coms (anyone under 50) doesn't get a joke  if it doesn't come with a punchline and a laugh track. I'm a big fan of  Howard Stern and I think the humor in this book is a lot like Howard, its  operating at a level that most people don't get. The reality and jokes are  so intertwined that you have to think about where reality stops and the  joke starts. Unfortunately you need both intelligence and a sense of humor  to appreciate this book and that combination is in short supply.
B000002UAR|5.0|I remember hearing the Beatles when I was about 8 or 9 years old (now I'm 18).  I forgot about them for a long time, but then I decided to listen to my college roommate's Revolver, and that's when I got pulled into  Beatlemania.  I wanted to hear more and more of the Beatles, but to start  out with, Revolver made me realize that they're the greatest band to ever  walk the face of the earth. Forget the lyrics - no other band, past or  present, invented as many earth-shattering tunes as they did, or mastered  so many musical instruments.  Their mastery of the piano is especially  breathtaking, and some of my biggest favorites are piano-based, such as  Good Day Sunshine and For No One, which may in fact be the best song  McCartney ever made, despite its relative simplicity.  When I heard it for  the first time in 9 years, I got goosebumps.   In any case, almost every  Beatles album has 6 very good songs on it, and the rest are usually very  pleasant although not phenomenal.  Revolver has Eleanor Rigby, Here There  and Everywhere, and For No One, which probably match the three best songs  any other band has ever created.  Even without them, songs like Good Day  Sunshine and I'm Only Sleeping make this album well worth buying.
6305076650|5.0|This is my all time favorite movie of all time, but I admit you have to have an open mind to enjoy this movie. I thought it was kind of weird when I first saw it because I had no idea what it was about. Just don't take the  movie seriously and you'll love it. The music is probably the most  enjoyable part. &quot;Science Fiction,&quot; &quot;Time Warp,&quot; and  &quot;Rose Tint My World&quot; are my favorite. Buy or rent this movie,  it's definately worth a watch, it's a fun film.
B000002UAI|4.0|Apparently, at this point the Beatles still hadn't realized how superior they were to every other band ever assembled.  So, they placed a bunch of others' songs on this album - songs so bad that even the Beatles could not  make them sound good. Take &quot;Rock and Roll Music&quot; and &quot;Kansas  City/Hey Hey Hey Hey&quot; as examples.  In fact, considering that this is  the Beatles we're talking about, this album is at such a low level that I  decided with a heavy heart to give it four stars instead of five. However,  there are still a couple of gems on this album - No Reply, I'll Follow the  Sun (another great McCartney ballad), and Eight Days a Week.  &quot;I Don't  Want To Spoil The Party&quot; is pretty good also.  There you go - four  good songs, more than the average album of any other band.  Keep in mind  that this is the Beatles album I would least recommend (except for Yellow  Submarine, which doesn't count).  This should tell you how great the  Beatles were, if you are a doubter.  I sincerely believe that this, their  worst album, still deserves four stars.
630307362X|5.0|Over most of written history Western cultures have treated women much the same as many forms of Arab culture does today.<br />Men owned and produced; this model applied to both the land they owned and the women under thier  roofs.  Women having minds and spirit but little voice often manipulated  solutions at a threat to thier own security, and well being, mentally,  personally, and materially.<br />The writter, the director, and especially  Holly Hunter as the mute, talented, beholden, controlled, and emotionally  outraged women, produced the most interesting, and emotional portrayal of  these human contensions I've ever experienced in print, or film.   Unfortunatly I've seen these dynamics in life, as most of us have if we are  honest.<br />No women should miss this film, it should be released on video.   Unfortunatly this film will only interest men who already know the moral of  this message, or are just fans of Holly's sensuality, and will only miss  her cute accent. <br />Hollys mail order husband, her daughter, and (as so  often happens when an inappropriate but understanding man gets caught up in  these dynamics)her surragate are all exactly right.<br />The films climax will  be one of the most intense of your life, I promise.
B000002UAF|5.0|The album starts out in good, loud style with Lennon's &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; and &quot;I Should Have Known Better.&quot;  I love the latter, although some people find it a bit annoying.  However, anybody who knows  anything about the Beatles is well aware that the songs after which their  albums are named (A Hard Day's Night, Help, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts  Club Band, Magical Mystery Tour, Yellow Submarine) are never the best songs  on their respective albums.  They just serve to kick off the party for your  listening pleasure.  Such is the case here, where the real gems are the few  McCartney songs later in the album - Can't Buy Me Love, Things We Said  Today, and especially And I Love Her.  When I say that this album is only  solid for the Beatles, I mean that it has &quot;only&quot; about six great  songs, which is about three times more than the average album spit out by  any other band, past or present, that I can think of.  Note that most of  the other songs, which I did not mention, are good as well.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I purchased this cd and listed to the songs as usual. What I heard is the best music in the world! I liked every song. It is a mix of punk, rock and fast-paced music. I strongly suggest this CD. The lyrics are humorous yet  true and nice to relax one. This is their best CD yet.
B000002UAC|5.0|Please Please me, although a good album when compared with other music at the time, was just a starting point for the Beatles.  With the Beatles, their second album, showed just how talented they are.  The first three  songs alone, especially All My Loving, make this album worth buying.  As a  side note, All My Loving was the only song on the album that McCartney  composed alone.  He did not write very many songs early on, but when he  did, they were usually gems.  Anyway, back to the album.  Don't Bother Me  and Little Child are good songs, and Till There Was You is wonderfully sung  by McCartney.  The songs on this album that were composed by other bands  were wonderfully picked out and taylored by the Beatles to sound like their  own - for example, You Really Got a Hold On Me and Devil In Her Heart.   Another original great song follows in Not a Second Time.   In short, this  was the best of the Beatles' five first albums.  Unlike Rubber Soul and  albums that followed it, the Beatles did not try to get overly creative  (which isn't necessarily bad), but just used their raw talents to create  fantastic tunes.
B000002J3W|5.0|And that is no lie.  Without question, Skid Row's finest ever offered, serving up monsterous riffs, Bach dishing out catostorophic vocals, and the entire band bashing away at some of the heaviest music ever.  Every song is  slammin', the most fatal ones being My Enemy, Bonehead, BEAT YOURSELF  BLIND, Subhuman Race, Frozen and Breakin' Down.  I can't stress to you  enough, if you did not like  their first album, then this will not let you  down.  GET THIS ALBUM, IT MUST BE HEARD TO BE BELIEVED!
B000002UAO|5.0|This is not the Beatles' greatest album, but it marked the change in the band that would later lead it to transform the world of music.  The Beatles did not completely turn away from their earlier style that had been seen  just a short time before in the album Help! .  However, they did alter  their music significantly.  This change is marked by the great song Nowhere  Man, which I think was their first that was not about love.  Two other  spectacular songs, Girl and Run For Your Life, focus on love in a very  different way than the Beatles' first five albums.  With all that said, the  wildly underrated but fantastic songs &quot;Michelle&quot; and  &quot;Wait&quot; provide two more great love tunes.  Oh yeah, &quot;Drive  My Car&quot;, as well as &quot;In My Life&quot;, &quot;Think For  Yourself&quot;, and &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot; are all great too.   I just utterly praised 9 out of 14 songs on this album, while the other  five also hold their own.  Rubber Soul is a significant piece in any  Beatles collection, for its historical meaning as well as for its musical  excellence.
0790729687|5.0|This has to be the best horror flick made. For those thinking of buying this movie, just BUY IT!  Trust me, and everyone else who has written a review on this film. A beautiful film all about the love and lack of it,  which affects people infected with death (maybe a meaning for some deadly  STD? Not aids though because Anne Rice wrote it before the virus was known  about). LeStat, what a performance by an actor I'd never really admired,  until this performance. By far his best. Brad Pitt plays an exeptional role  as Louis. The film is perfect. There are no faults. The short peices of  Narrative theatre to move along the plot, and contrasting to that the brawl  Louis has with all of Armand's vampires. Also, a perfect end to a perfect  film, but I won't spoil it!
B00001P4RI|3.0|i have not purchased this cd yet but just listened to some clips from this site.....i have always loved brendans voice and am glad to say that aspect did not dissapoint me...Iwas introduced to dead can dance 2 years ago and  now have all of the albums including  the 2 releases from lisa gerrard  solo's...There music to me has always been inspirational...I am a musician  myself  and recognise the raw art that they have created together &quot;  gerrard i think did very well on her own....&quot; but this album  dissapoints me ... i cant speak for brendan but i liked his raw ideas with  dcd...maybe this will grow on me and ill come back and correct myself...But  i doubt it..I want to cry     :-(
B00001QEE2|4.0|Hercules has to be another Disney classic. I think Alan Menken has done a fantastic job on the score for this picture. People say Disney isn't getting the historical facts right or they aren't making pictures with an  impact. Anyone who has half a brain with an understanding of dramatic  theory would understand, Hercules is a lesson in DRAMATIC ACTION. They  appear one after another during the close of the picture. Some which make  you smile happily or feel great emotion for the characters. The script is  very clever, and who can argue with Meg's song &quot;I won't say (I'm in  love)&quot;. Well, quite a few people probably but take it from a music  grad. it's good! The use of animation is fantastic and the content is  brilliant. As soon as you see 'young Hercules' knock down an entire city at  the beginning of the picture, there is an instant sympathy felt for him.  Then that stays with him all the way through, even though he is the  strongest bravest (truest!) hero ever! Hence, making the final scenes very  gripping indeed. This picture is a must! Well done Disney!
0812550706|5.0|Frist thing frist is that Ender's Game is a great LITERARY classic, and a great book for every kind of read as long as they are a bit brighter than the average person.  I for one am find the reviews for this work that badly  rate it very humoeous they have completely missed the boat on Card's  work.<br />     The bad reviews for this book have 3 common flaws in them, the  first is that to fully appricate this work one must have grown up being  brigter than those around you, the second is that one must read not the  story but the idea it delivers to one and also one must not take the ending  aas the end but as the begining as Card intended.  The hardest to explain  here will be the the fact the story is centered not around the stroy but  the feelings and thoughts of Ender as a person, the space travel and  interstller warfare were merely a back drop to the feelings of an extremly  intellagant person who desipite all that he knows is still a child.  The  idea of the pain Ender felt for each loss he inflicted, the idea of  brothers and sisters and families adn how they don't alwasy get along, the  idea that even an alien mind can be understood, the idea of adults  underestimateing children, and most of all the prevaling human sprit that  will bleed and sweat to save itself and than cry over the harm it has done.   In this work Card has spoken to my sprit and my mind, I can feel Ender's  pain and see the world through his eyes as well as my own, and I can also  see my own life through Ender's eyes.       If one reads the story only  once and only reads the story it is a wated effort and one should haven't  even bothered reading it in the frist place and should deffinately not put  one's 2 cents into a review of a work one has never truely read.<br />If you  like me to discuss my views on this book please e-mail at  heywhatup@hotmial.com or conntact me on icq #2876555
0780626494|5.0|I didn't see this film in the theatre, because the preview looked cheesy. But when my friend rented the video, I enjoyed every second of it.  This is a completely refreshing cute movie.  Brendan's performance is just  adorable.  After watching the video, I told myself, I have to get the DVD.
B0000025F7|5.0|&quot;Off the Wall&quot; was my very first album, way back in 1979 (I think) and I still have it.  To this day I enjoy listening, singing, and dancing to this music.  The album has the lively dance tunes &quot;Don't  Stop Til You Get Enough&quot;, &quot;Working Day and Night&quot; and the  funky title song &quot;Off the Wall&quot;.  However, my favorite songs are  &quot;Rock With You&quot; (Rod Temperton) and &quot;I Can't Help It&quot;  (Stevie Wonder).  With all due respect to the Pop King, I love the  song-writing of both of these geniuses.  Anyway, if you haven't heard this  album, buy it - it's an r&amp;b and pop legend.
B000002GVO|5.0|Although the Eagles recorded some great songs, two albums (&quot;Greatest Hits&quot; and &quot;Hotel California&quot;) give you most of what the casual fan would need. &quot;Hotel California&quot; seems a greatest hits  album unto itself, as every track holds up well. The title track, Life in  the Fast Line, Wasted Time, and the Last Resort are all great. The early  Led Zepplin albums plus &quot;Hotel California&quot; and  &quot;Rumours&quot; basically slammed the door on the 60s, leaving the  Beatles and everyone else behind. Rock music had achieved new heights. One  of the cornerstones of a great collection. 5-Stars!
630420065X|5.0|Mission Impossible has to be the best Action film of the nineties. For people who like intelligent plots, intrigue, great action, and style. After 007 hasn't made a good film since Licence To Kill, this film took the  throne as the spy movie to beat this decade. Highlights are the bungee  scene in C.I.A. Headquarters, the recreation of events in Ethan Hunts head,  and the helicopter/train scene. This ranks up there with great  action/espionage movies like From Russia With Love, For Your Eyes Only, and  Ronin.
6303477259|5.0|I was fortunate enough to have seen The Division Bell Concert in Philadelphia and was completely enthalled by the experience. Sitting some 100 yds away from the stage it's tough to completely appreciate the  musicians on stage..and that's  where PULSE come in.<br />David Gilmour, Nick  Mason, Rick Wright &amp; Co. are in top form playing back home in London.  The Pink Floyd concert experience is brilliantly captured here. The  performers, the light show, video screen and especially the music all come  through with excellent clarity.<br />The complete version of Dark Side Of The  Moon is re-created and still sounds wonderful. If you've got a great sound  system even more so better....Pink Floyd is still very much alive.
B00000K2SC|2.0|The Matrix is pure fluff with some style. Granted, the special effects were great, but the plot loopholes are just too much to take. For instance, why do supposed &quot; freedom fighters &quot; kill innocent human SWAT  members? How can Keannu destroy an entire office floor and hit everything  except a sitting-still Fishburne? Why would a computer create &quot; agents  &quot; and give them less than perfect aim?  The plot is nothing new and  occasionally lapses into gibberish. It's a shame that people are calling  this the future of sci-fi. If you ask me, I would much rather watch good  sci-fi like 2001 and Alien. Do yourselves a favor and watch a show like The  Outer Limits for better sci-fi on a way smaller budget.
B00000IOSU|5.0|back in 1989 i heard a song, it was called &quot;out of the shadows&quot;it was beautiful. needless to say when i got my hands on the album, my taste in music was never the same.. and it was never satisfied. I  was in love with a sound that has never been duplicated.   I stayed devoted  throughout the years, no one even heard of her,and i myself was wondering  if i would ever hear music from her again..well then i fumbled..going  through a music store i was told that her new album, fumbling towards  exstacy, would be released any day, and every day i called to see if it was  in.I was there the day it arrived..lol During that time, i saw the vidio  &quot;possesion&quot; i knew i was in for a treat..I played that cd for  years, atleast 4 to 5 times a week. to think that those lyrics can go to  music, only sarah can do that..her band is truly amazing also.they  compliment eachother like heaven and earth. well it was only a matter of  time before my secret was out, and the whole world fell in love with her.  LOL i will always be a devoted fan..if you never heard of sarah's music, do  yourself a favor. get the mirrorball cd,and listen to the 2nd track called  &quot;hold on&quot; after you are done holding back the tears, you will   run out and get anything with her music on it..   then you will have to  catch up to my music collection of her..   she is truly gifted,and amazing.  if you ever get the chance to hear her live, you will be left breathless.  when no one is home, i play her music and sing like a fool! lol   Don't  forget &quot;mirror ball the concert vidio&quot; it is the best way to  intrduce yourself to sarah...nothing else like it..
6305622825|2.0|Entrapment is too mediocre to be enjoyed. Connery is it's only saving grace. The plot is weak, the action is subdued, and Zeta Jones has no acting ability. Ving Rhames makes a few scenes good, but Will Patton is  miscast. This film has nothing that makes other caper films good. No  suspense,  no style, and no plot seriously hurt this film. If you want a  better heist film, watch The Hot Rock.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|John Williams' music is so good that it is often  the highlight of the otherwise excellent films  that it accompanies. But it is usually  dissappointing to me that I cannot fully  appreciate the score with the  movie running over  it. That is why I was thrilled with the  gift of this  2-CD set that my wife gave me  today!<br />To be able to just sit and really  listen to this  music is a wonderful treat in itself. The quality  of the  recordings are excellent and the  selection could not have been better if I  chose  them myself. I look forward to many, many  delightful hours of  listening to this compilation.
6300216047|5.0|This movie is perhaps one of the best movies I have ever seen.  The fashion, the decor, the brilliant dialogue, the inuendo.   Must see.  Leave your feminist high horse, and sit back and enjoy the epic saga. It's so  'Warhol does the velvet underground.'
0679745653|4.0|Breakfast at Tifanny's by Capote is pretty good.I enjoyed his writing style for this novel as well as many others.The book was well presented and fun. I enjoyed it a lot.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|I wasn't a huge UFO fan back in the band's heyday, but when a friend introduced me to this album I finally learned what I was missing.  This is probably in the top two if not #1 live hard rock album of all time.  I've  never heard a harder yet more melodic live album.  Michael Schenker picks  so fast and clean it's amazing.  The songs are top-notch, incredible tunes.   Anyone who isn't familiar with this great band should check this out -  they will be blown away.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dre you have to be the best rapper out there...and seeing that you put the best singer on earth, Mary J. Blige on your album, you can't go wrong.  Much love to the whole West coast cause Dre is back!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage has done it again in their best CD yet!  Rage is so unique and powerful. Through most of the songs they give you all the parts to the music seperately and then they throw it all to together at the end for 30  seconds of pure power and emotion as the music builds to a final harrowing  crescendo of sound and voice. Especially on Testify, Sleep Now in the Fire,  and Born of a Broken Man, and of course Guerilla Radio. It is the best  adrenaline rush out there!  Even my friends who listen to pop stuff and  wear Tommy clothes love Rage! These guys were mixing rap and metal way  before Limp and Korn. They are the original and the best.
B00000J7JO|1.0|...this album is so bland and dull that it makes One Hot Minute sound good!  Lyrics and vocals on this record are extremely painful to listen to... I want my money back!
078401213X|5.0|&quot;Pi&quot; is one of the most unique, original, bizarre films to come around in a long while.  It's a wakeup call for people like me, who are sick and tired of the same old recycled Hollywood flicks that desperately  attempt to make money with big stars and special effects, and no plot.  I  liked it for that reason.  The other reason is that with each viewing of  it, something new is uncovered.  It's really well wrought.  The grainy,  16mm camerawork gives it an eerie, paranoid feel to it.  I also think it  gives the film it's artistic qualities.  There are still scenes in this  film that totally leave me stuck, although I was able to comprehend some of  the more bizarre hallucinatory sequences after watching them more than  once.  As for this DVD, it's very nice.  I don't think that the picture  quality will look much different from the tape, except in sharpness and an  absence of tape wrinkles.  Also, I hate to say, that the DVD format is the  only place that &quot;Pi&quot; is available for purchase.  The tape is over  $100, and the chances of getting it on laserdisc are unlikely.  This DVD  has a nice array of extras, including trailers, two audio commentaries,  deleted scenes(which are not hard to see why they were cut out), and a  music video.  I feel I should warn you, that &quot;Pi&quot; is not for all  tastes.  If you've seen the hyperkinetic style that NIN(Nine Inch Nails)  music videos are shot and edited, then you'll have an idea of what  &quot;Pi&quot; will look like.  Even if you do like that stuff, the film is  still very bizarre and hard to understand.  However, if you want an  excitingly original movie that you have to dig at and figure out like an  elaborate jigsaw puzzle, then &quot;Pi&quot; is an absolute must!
0964385619|5.0|I considered myself to be the perfect subject for this book.  A just turned 30 something who had imagined a better way than the rat race.  My own personal rat race involved commercial real estate - as a broker and  property manager.  Good jobs.  I worked hard, and then harder, and then  harder.  Soon I found all I was doing was working - and someone else was  making all the money and going home early!<br />There had to be a better way.   But how to find it?  Who to talk to?  What to read?  <br />Turns out this is a  very good start.  The book starts with the blooming business careers of two  nine year olds.  Good.  Right at my level.  (I've spent my time working not  thinking.)  He goes to tell about rich dad's philosophy which has become  the author's about how to educate yourself financially (which he  distinguishes from school education).  He redefines what an asset is - into  what I think is a more helpful definition.  He talks about the thinking  process that leads people to their outcomes - poor, middle class, and rich.   He says that they practice different habits; they make different  decisions.<br />He really got me thinking.  While I agree this book is short  on solutions, the central message is clear.  Educate yourself financially.   <br />This book is very simple, but not simplistic.  Life doesn't have to be  complicated.  Often, the solutions are right in front of us but are  obscured by our own prejudices, misconceptions and preconceived notions  about how the world works.<br />The book is a start - and a good one!  Now I'm  off to read the next one.<br />Oh, by the way, I have quit my job and am  starting my own real estate company. (Not just because of this book.)  It  has just helped clarify a great many thoughts swimming around my head.   Wish me luck!<br />(I too was turned off at first by the &quot;Amway/buy real  estate for no money down&quot; type of sales approach.  But the simple fact  is that he's selling the truth.  His logic is crystal clear, and echoes  many bits and pieces of information which I had not really listened to in  the past.)  I guess I should have listened earlier.
B000022TSF|5.0|One of the reasons I liked &quot;Chinatown&quot; best is that it takes us back to a time when traditional film noir movies were made back in the 1940's.  It owes homage to them, from the style of the buildings and to the  cars and clothing.  I felt like I was stepping into that period of time.   Aside from the &quot;have sex the day you meet&quot; cliche which is  unfortunately in almost every movie, &quot;Chinatown&quot; is believable  and realistic.  The ultimate swipe at realism is the ending, which hasn't  quite pleased everyone.  People need to understand that not only is this  the real world were in, but that Chinatown was where the lead character  Jack Gittes quit working because of it's corruption.  And sadly, that Mrs.  Mulray's attempt to protect the daughter met with death when she tried to  escape, in Chinatown!  &quot;Chinatown&quot; is a metaphor about all that  has happened in the film and in the lives of the characters within it.   That, I feel, is the film's greatest aspect.  As for this DVD, I hate to  admit, it is something of a disappointment, for me anyway.  It does have  some nice things on it: a new Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack, production  notes, a trailer, and some retrospective interviews with the creators of  the film.  The film itself has been digitally remastered, making it the  ultimate home video experience.  However, the last time I saw  &quot;Chinatown&quot; was on the big screen, at the 25th Anniversary  screening of the film that sponsored the DVD and videotape release of  &quot;Chinatown&quot;.  There, it was huge, big, and beautiful, preserving  every tiny detail and taking me to a place that movies today haven't taken  me before!  When I played the DVD, it, it just seemed so small, quite a  contrast from the theatrical experience.  At the theaterm the screen was so  big, I wasn't just watching the film.  I felt like I was really there!  I  suppose that is the best they can do with a video release of  &quot;Chinatown&quot;, and you know it's never going to look at good as it  did in the theaters.  Still, I felt disappointed with it.  Oh well, it  doesn't take away from it being a really great film.  &quot;Chinatown&quot;  is still as powerful, as mysterious, and as beautiful a film as it was when  it first came out!
6302293553|5.0|I think that Monty Python And The Holy Grail is the best comedy ever. It has laughs adventure and some more laughs.
B00001MXWX|5.0|Next to the first Star Trek Movie, this would be at least equal to or better than any made thusfar. Of course the 2 hour movie closing of Next Generation was good, to me, this is the very, very best Star Trek Movie to  be made as yet! The entire Star Wars Saga with it's two trilogies (even  with all their special effects) mean little to this sci-fi reviewer when  compared to the tenure of Gene Roddenberry's genius in creating what became  a worldwide cultural icon, in and of itself. After all, the Oxford  Dictionary of the English Language, the icon of words in our language  accepted the word Trekkie into their ivy plagued walls (even though it is  now passe` in lieu of the word Trekker in present day).
B00000JCB2|5.0|Best cd I ever listened to.  I'm sick and tired of hearing about the Backstreet Girls or N'STINK.  I just don't feel anything in their music.  Fred Durst is one of the greatest artists ever.  His music and videos kick.   The rest of the band is great also.  What is great about the cd is you can  just let it play.  All the songs are great.  My favorites are nookie,  re-arranged, n 2 gether now, and break stuff.  But the whole album is  super.  I'm waiting for LB to come out with a new one.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I don't like hype, and as a rule I'm suspicious of any album that's too widely praised.  Nonetheless, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill proved to be an exception to the unfortunate trend of hyping mediocrity.  Her sentiments  are refreshing, she's emotional without being sentimental, she's devout  without being proselytizing, and perhaps most importantly she writes  interesting, ecclectic music with roots in Jazz, Rock, Soul, Gospel,  R&amp;B, ad. inf.  Quite frankly, I'm completely bemused by the reviews  claiming that her beats are predictable or her lyrics are less than  insightful.  I found the opposite to be true; her mixing and producing were  exceptional and her collaborators were well-chosen and well-utilized.  I  was further confused by two reviews below, one of which claimed that Brandy  was superior and another which claimed Celine Dion was.  Putting my  personal opinions of those performers aside for a moment, I would like to  point out that neither Brandy nor Dion write or produce their own songs.   They perform the work of other songwriters and musicians and then allow it  to be mixed by studio employees.  Ms. Hill is not a performer.  She's an  artist, and I would recommend this album to anyone, regardless of their  musical taste.
B00000J8EK|3.0|The Chemicals Brothers have always had a place in my heart.  And even though Surrender isn't what I would call revolutionary, it's still pretty decent music.  The CD has several great songs to dance to (Music: Response,  Under the Influence, Hey Boy Hey Girl), and Out of Control and Let Forever  Be truly step outside the former bounderies of techno.  The CD has some  songs that are just plain weird (Orange Wedge and The Sunshine Underground)  and, in my opinion, shouldn't be called tehcno.  Even though Surrender is  fairly good, The Chemical Brothers failed to keep up with the awesome  effects of Dig Your Own Hole.  If you're a true fan of The Chemical  Brothers, or want to hear something new in the world of electronic music,  buy this, but otherwise I'd advise against it.
B00001SIES|4.0|Muse's Showbiz album is an amazingly easy to listen to album with out a single bad song on the album. My only problem with it would be that sometimes I wonder if I have Muse's Showbiz in or Radiohead's OK Computer.  The single Muscle Museum is a bit reminisant to me of Paranoid Android and  Unintended reminds me a lot of exit music(for a film).  The song writing is  amazing. If you don't like Radiohead though, you won't like this album. But  it shows a lot of promise for future releases and will definately have a  lot of play in my CD Player.
B000002HIK|5.0|Aphex Twin has always stood alone in the techno world, unparalleled by any other techno bands.  I Care Because You Do is a perfect example of how amazing this band is.  Ever song unleashes a plethora of emotions, and some  songs even create emotions you didn't have before.  If you are an avid fan  of techno, whether you are a fan of Aphex Twin or not, buy this CD.
0780628551|1.0|I know of someone who told his friends to go see this &quot;really, really good movie called  Astronaut's Wife&quot;.  After seeing the movie, all of his friends wanted to strangle him ... ! <br />I initially had moderate to  high hopes for this film, being a horror/sci-fi buff.  It was very apparent  from the movie's trailer that the story most likely involves the old  &quot;alien living inside a person's body&quot; theme, and such was indeed  the case.  The problem is that the story failed to come up with a new  &quot;twist&quot; to this subject to make it even remotely interesting.  <br />If the message still isn't clear at this point, then maybe this will  help : AVOID BUYING THIS PATHETIC DVD AT ALL COSTS !  Rent the film and  watch it first if you really have to (if only to see Charlize Theron  perhaps?) to really understand what I'm talking about.  Just don't make the  mistaske of spending your hard-earned money on this title.
B000002NJS|5.0|Love her or hate her (or both) she's here to stay...and if she continues to make music like this then I'm glad to have her.  Forget Like A Virgin, Vogue and even the phenomenal Justify My Love ....this album is an amazing  leap for the Material Girl.  Finally a Madonna album that's more about the  music than the media.  A solid piece of work, an ingenious collaboration  with Willam Orbit, by far her best songwriting, Ray Of Light is a defining  moment for an artist who has had several.  It's as good as popular music  gets.
B000001G5L|5.0|I won't speak in high musical terms to come off as more intelligent for the sake of this essay.  I merely listen to classical and enjoy it immensely.  This CD is incredible,  I have listened to it in it's entirety  countless times.  It is probably the greatest classical recording I have  ever bought.  It could be just me, a personal thread maybe, regardless it  is a wonderful buy.
B0000027I6|5.0|The poetic genius of Pink Floyd &quot;was&quot; Roger Waters as evinced in this his latest album. Gilmour's limited number of riffs have grown quite stale and he quickly ran out of concepts in the abscence of Waters. Here  ,however, on Amused, Roger continues to push the envelope of higher social  thought.TPOH once said, &quot;Raising consciousness as a social tool&quot;  and Roger does it quite well.As with Roger's other albums ,this one also  needs to be listened to at one setting for full effect and not broken into  it's components. Insightful, his best yet. If you were a true Pink Floyd  fan you can't go wrong adding this to your collection. Bravo Mr. Waters!
0812589041|5.0|This book is really good.  I am not a big science fiction fan but I loved reading this book.  It is suspenseful and there is a lot of action that won't keep you bored while reading.  It is also a fairly easy reader and I  recommend it to people ages 12 and up.  You don't have to be big on sci-fi  to read this book and love it!
B0000009OP|5.0|A brilliant boatride on the seas of moody-groove. This album always reminds me of smokey jazz clubs. Morphine carries its patented bass/sax sound to the grave with the death of Sandman, but the spirit lives on. The  rhythms will infect your mind if you're not careful. All I can say is  Buena! Buena!
0884271536|4.0|I received The Goal as part of my MBA Operations Management course but held off reading until I graduated. I couldn't put The Goal down, nor could I put down Critical Chain. Critical Chain  revisits the same ideas from The  Goal and applies them to Project Management. I hoped for an aha... and got  several minor ones. I do recommend this book. But don't let the book lull  you into thinking everything is figured out. I haven't quite figured out  where the precise misses are (relative to my world), but I know there are  some gaps. Guess I'll have to think some... but don't we all!<br />Recommended  reading approach: read once through and then revisit the chapters where our  hero is in class and also the one where he is enjoying the TOC lecture (ie.  on the second pass, ignore the fictional dialog regarding our hero's fight  for tenure). Read SLOWLY at this point, and have a notepad handy to apply  the ideas to your world. Think! I learned a heck of alot more the second  time through.
B000001E29|1.0|Tom, leave the schmaltz to &quot;The Great White Way&quot;. Absolutely ,without a doubt, Tom's worst effort to date. It simply is what it is, &quot;Broadway&quot;. To me, trying to listen to this album is completely  impossible. Sorry Tom,you're an artist of the highest order and I love all  of your other work, but some times even the golden goose lays a rotten egg.
044100590X|5.0|Dune is approximately 1,000,000 times better written than the following reproduction.<br />&quot;The Bene-Gesserit have many tests... The most famous one may be the Gom Jabbar, but it is by no means the most interesting. Why,  only last week Mother Frosynozy, stationed on IX, came up with a new  version of her Bib Habbib test. It uses a sphere instead of a rectangular  box, glows in the dark, and uses Pain-by-tickling-induction instead of the  traditional nerve-induction variant.&quot;<br />The young boy Paul was sitting  in his chambers, using an ancient iMac to cruise the net. He was very  clever. As Yueh, Gurney and a human-computer Mentat code named Eyebrowz  approached the room, Paul quickly hit Alt-F4 to close his connection to  [...] Behind the now closed window were still photographs of  Worms from Dune.<br />The trio came into the room, but Paul, with his back  turned to the door, did not look back. Yueh was thinking about saying, with  a very irritated voice: &quot;Paul. How many times have I told you, don't  sit with your back facing the door. It's impolite.&quot; - but before he  could speak, Paul yelled: &quot;I heard You, You and You. All three of you,  my friends, walk into the room.&quot;. &quot;Our sounds and smells can be  immitated!&quot; raged Eyebrowz. &quot;I'd know the difference.&quot;  <br />Yes, Paul would know the difference. For Paul was the first and only son  of Jessica, the Bene Gesserit witch that married Duke Leto Atreides of  House Caladan. For 90 generations, the Bene Gesserit had been manipulating  bloodlines of many great Houses, so that they can eventually produce the  Universe's Super Being, the Kwisatz Haderach. The Kwisatz Haderach was  supposed to be born in Generation 91. But the Bene Gesserit wanted Paul to  be a woman, but he wasn't. Otherwise he would be visiting hotmen.com and  not babes4all.com. Thats how the Bene Gesserit found out, after checking  Paul's log files. So Paul knew the difference because he was the Kwisatz  Haderach, the Universe's Super Being.<br />Meanwhile, back in his laboratory  on Geidi Prime, Piter De Vries, Master Mentat and Assasin King for House  Harkonnen, was working on his Juice of Saphoo recipe.<br />Read the book for  the real story.
B00000K19E|5.0|I think that most people that don't like this movie just didn't get it.  The thought that there is some other force guiding our lives and actions - a dream within a dream - is a common story theme but in The Matrix, the  Wachowski Bro's really take this concept to a new level.<br />Whether you  liked the movie, understood it, or not, its still worth noting that this is  one of the best examples of DVD technology to date.  Not only is the film  transferred superbly in both widescreen video and 5.1 audio, the extra  features are nothing short of astounding!<br />From several behind the scenes  videos, to multiple full-length audio commentaries, even pc-dvd-rom  features, the disc is innovatively designed to entertain far beyond the  running time of the standard film.  This is a must-have for any home  theater enthusiast.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|this is a pretty good cd. i think that jennifer is great at singing and dancing. i've seen her live on the television so i dont know why everybody says she sings bad. i think shes not one of the best, not one of the worst, but better in the middle part. her songs and voice has a latino sound  to it and its great. there are some slow songs but hey, everyone needs to  slow down a bit once and awhile <br />and one thing. why are all you people  comparing her selena and dissin her cause she isnt that great as her? i know  selena is better than jennifer and i dont think she doesnt want to  &quot;steal&quot; selena's fame. so please,listen to the music, dont compare  her to some great legend and say shes trying to be like her.
0679746048|2.0|I had a lot of hope for this book but I was disappointed by the lack of emotion for the main character. My biggest problem with the book is that it lacked any depth, it was far too scattered.  For example, the main  character meets her future husband, gets a marriage proposal, gets married  and divorced all in one chapter with no explanation as to what happened? We  don't even know the man's name or more imporantly how her illness affected  this important relationship. I was left wanting more explantion time and  time again throughout the book.  The characters were not fully developed  and I felt no connection to Susanna. The clinical explanations of mental  illness were all of a sudden thrown in between chapters and did not not  relate to what was previously written.  I'm not sure if I'll see the movie  now, but it might be interesting how they turn such disjointed book into a  film.
B000000OQF|4.0|Guns N' Roses is one of the catallistic rock bands that changed the face of music and culture in the 80's.  From the raging lyrics of Axl Rose to the amazing guitar riffs from Slash, there is no band that has ever come  close to the energy and charisma that Guns N' Roses displayed.  Their most  well known track, &quot;Welcome 2 the Jungle,&quot; is accompanied by  strong tracks like &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine,&quot; as well as  &quot;Paradise City.&quot;  Appetite for Destruction is a must for any 80's  rock guru or just any fan of slick, fast, sustaining guitar solos.
B000002UA2|4.0|I would have rated this at three and a half stars, probably, and reserved the five-star ratings for albums like _Wish You Were Here_. Since that's not possible, I rate it at four stars, since I would feel guilty for giving  an album that has &quot;Wot's . . . Uh The Deal&quot; (which I personally  enjoy most on _Obcured by Clouds_) as well as some other good tracks only  three stars.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Human Clay is the perfect attempt to follow such a powerful album, My Own Prison. You can sense that the band has &quot;grown up&quot; not in a bad way, more like red wine, they both get better with age. I love the way the  album starts with &quot;Are You Ready?&quot; It makes you feel like Creed  is giving you a personal concert with the powerful guitar, and exciting  lyrics! Next is &quot;What If&quot; it's an awesome song because he makes  true fans feel appreciated! &quot;Beautiful&quot; is just that--BEAUTIFUL!  Scott's soothing voice is accompanied by Mark's almost &quot;mean&quot;  guitar to get the song's meaning across. &quot;Say I&quot; reminds me of  The Doors' lead singer, Jim Morrison, in a word MYSTERIOUS. &quot;Wrong  Way&quot; makes you think about life in general. &quot;Faceless Man&quot;  reminds you that your conscience is always there. &quot;Never Die&quot; is  a refreshing song about youth. &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; is a  tear-jerking ballad about the birth of his son, and the emotions he  experienced. &quot;Higher&quot; is a perfect follow-up to WAWO, because  both are very uplifting, and almost anthemic songs. &quot;Wash Away Those  Years&quot; is a very realistic song dealing with an issue that is often  overlooked, rape, and how people deal with it.  &quot;Inside Us All&quot;  is the perfect ending to this cd, it is a very inspirational and positive  song, but it left me wanting more! I've had this cd since the day it came  out, I won it over the radio, but I bought two more copies, because it's  addicting:) I recommend this strongly to people who have MOP, as well as  those who don't! I am happy to say that Creed hasn't changed their sound,  like most popular bands do in order to stay at #1 My only complaint would  be, it needed to be longer! I'm anxiously awaiting the next album!  BUY  IT!  YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED:)
0767836286|3.0|thats what it seems like to me. i just like the fact that a big budget hollywood film with underworked overpaid actors has a very downer ending. in fact, if jeff bridges saved the day this movie would just plain suck.  really, think about it. its a ok film, can't say its my fav. for a  hollywood film it has balls.
6302054982|4.0|Funny as heck, fascinating, thoroughly riveting--and the gangsters are even likable! Joe Pesci plays the most memorable lowlife ever in film history; Ray Liotta is good; and Robert Deniro plays it cool.  Does  Goodfellas romanticize the Underworld? A li'l bit, a li'l bit--but not  enough where you'd want to join it.  All in all, a great film.  Even  funnier if you remember SNL's parody of Pesci's character in &quot;The Joe  Pesci Show.&quot;
0790729628|5.0|A truly great movie. Harrison Ford is great as usual, Rutger Hauer is acting for once. This version is without any doubt one of the best movies of the last decades. Clever, surprising, it has all you would expect from a  well made movie. This is real Cinema with a capital C.<br />P.S. You have to  see this movie in widescreen, do not ever go for anything less. (btw that  goes for any movie available in widescreen)
0790734443|1.0|Oh, my God--what happened!  I guess Joel Schumacher heard all the complaints that Tim Burton's Batman was too dark, so he went in the completely opposite direction--flashy, gaudy and campy!  Is Joel suffering  from Attention Deficit Disorder or something because not a moment goes by  in this film without someone:   screaming, yelling, shrieking, giggling,  punching, jumping, swinging, grabbing, snarling, whining, crying, wailing,  falling, climbing, sneezing or farting.  There's just too much happening in  this film all of the time.  This production is just one big homage to La  Cage Aux Folles! It's just one histrionic movie, man! As for Batman  himself--sorry, Val, I love ya and all, but you just didn't do it for me.   That's my verdict regarding BF; but your kid might like it, though.
0385484518|5.0|I had a teacher like Morrie once--who inspired, who made you laugh, who made you think.  What a gift are these teachers--and what a gift is this book, to remind us of what is important, and what are inconsequential  distractions in life.  Rarely can a book inspire someone to review their  life, yet this book did this for me.  Have I lived the life I should, am I  the person I want to be?  Morrie asks these questions in the book, and he  makes you look at yourself and your relationships with others with a fresh  outlook.  Yet, it's not done in a trite, self-help way---it's a very  loving, often funny, lesson taught in the very best way possible--by  example.  I gave copies of this book to everyone I love---and I've never  done that with a book before.  This book is a treasure, a gem.
630419949X|2.0|As dull and dry as tumbleweed bouncing through an Arizona desert on the hottest day of the year.  Arnie coasts, Vanessa is ice, Caan is the same-old, same-old, Cromwell is slumming (from &quot;Babe&quot; to this! ),  and the action sequences are straight out of every Schwarzennegar action  flick from the past decade (look for the scene that is the exact duplicate  of the one with Jamie Lee Curtis in True Lies when she's holding onto  Arnold in mid-air).<br />In conclusion: rollin', rollin', rollin,' keep dese  doggies rollin'...
B00000I07P|5.0|These album is one of the definitive albums of the hair metal mainstream era (the mid and late 80's) It certainly influenced a lot of bands and a lot of people, and is the point of comparison for most of hair metal bands.  It includes some of the best work by the band, such classic anthems like  Wanted Dead or Alive, Livin' on a prayer and You give love a bad name.  Along with Def Leppard's Hysteria, this one is one of the definitive albums  of the pop metal movement.
0792151712|5.0|I was, until recently, prejudice against this film and refused to watch it, thinking it too untrendy and too Hollywood. I decided to go against peer pressure and watch it and now it is one of my favourite films of all  time. The acting is superb and you forget that you are watching Kate  Winslet and Leo and really get into the characters. The 'love story' is  really captivating because of the fantastic chemistry between these two.  The script is not Hollywood mushy in the least and the story also looks at  the ordinary victims of this terrible disaster and brings the reality and  human error of the tragedy to life. For anyone who enjoys a really good  film that incorporates romance, great performances, action, drama, great  sets, costumes and immense special effects, then Titanic is the film for  you. Don't be a trendy arrogant snob who only watches 'Trainspotting' and  other mediocre films, watch this film and be thankful that you did.
B0000025D0|5.0|I had a lot of anger toward my family at the time I was listening to this album, and it helped me to find expression to what I was feeling. Especially songs like &quot;Adam Raised a Cain,&quot; &quot;Badlands,&quot;  &quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town,&quot; and &quot;Streets of Fire.&quot;  Springsteen's music reflects the sense of anger (check out the searing  guitar work on &quot;Adam Raised a Cain&quot; and &quot;Streets of  Fire&quot;), but the album also has the same hopeful optimism that  eventually, things are gonna work out right. This comes through  particularly well on &quot;The Promised Land,&quot; and  &quot;Badlands.&quot; It's not your typical Springsteen album - he's never  rocked this hard before or since - but it's a great statement of fiery  determination.
B0000203YT|4.0|Perhaps not sutable for children (nudity) but if you can learrrrn to skip past that this movie is a experience all should go through. A lovley new take on romeo and juliet!
B0000025KI|5.0|This is simple, 3 chord guitar rock, but delivered with joy, passion, and occasionally, some wistfulness (&quot;The River,&quot; &quot;The Price You Pay&quot;). When I listen to this album, I've always pictured myself at a  sunny fourth of July picnic, mellowing out as the late afternoon fades into  the evening. Perhaps because the recording is vintage American Rock and  Roll. Perhaps because there's a song called &quot;Independance Day&quot; on  the album (even though the song is about a person becoming independant  through the dissolution of a relationship). At any rate, this is a great  album that would sound better if it was remastered.
1558807381|3.0|...but we're still waiting for the rest of it! Nonetheless, this Americanized version is so strikingly well lit and photographed and so hauntingly scored that it is well worth the purchase.You'll long for the  uncut, letter-boxed version on DVD!  Sets, costumes, makeup -- the entire  fantastic ambience of the various scenes -- make Legend unique.  This was  almost the worthy follow-up to Scott's incredible Blade Runner.  I found  the scenes between Darkness and Lilly - brief as they are - worth watching  again and again: that roaring laugh close-up when she tells him she wants  to kill the unicorn -perfection!Yes the characters are cut-outs; yes the  story has been compromised; yes the ending's song is cloying. But there is  so much magnificently beautiful stuff to see and hear in this movie, it  outweighs all those deficits.If you have the right frame of mind for a  fully realized fairy tale, this is the best there is.  But I warn you:  you'll want to see the original version too!
B000001EIA|4.0|I love this album for its awesome rock and roll. But I hate it for its pedophilia and ridiculous chauvinism. Such a dilemna for a Christian music lover. This album is as good as Kiss has ever sounded. The pristine  production. The passion for powerhouse rock and roll. The great team  playing among the band members. It's all here. But these 40 and 50  somethings sound ridiculous singing lyrics like &quot;When that b---h bends  over, I forget my name.&quot; Or &quot;Plaster Caster, grab a hold of it  faster. If you want to see my love, just ask her.&quot; (I can't believe  I'm quoting these would be poets). Imagine what these guys could  communicate if they had some kind of a moral compass to go by. At the end  of the day, it's up to you whether or not you can overlook the offensive  nature of some of the lyrics enough to warrant the purchase of this  otherwise great album. (Incidentally the same things could be said about  alot of the newer music that's coming out today).
B00000JCOV|5.0|Tis cd is so great! I listen to it every day. If you like bands like KoRn or Spineshank you will love this cd. They are way better than KoRn if you like i=your music heavier. BUY IT NOW!
B000002I8D|4.0|A Previous review boasts an absurd, supposedly &quot;totally true&quot; (!) story about the meaning behind In The Air Tonight, and as my title states, I cannot allow this nonsense to continue. That story has been told  many a time, and, contrary to ignorant belief, it is a complete falsehood.  The song is about Phil's split from his wife. One need not look farther  than Phil's own explanation of the song in countless interviews. She  cheated on Phil. He saw it. &quot;Saw it with my own two eyes..so you can  wipe off that grin, I know where you've been - it's all been a pack of  lies...&quot; please, people... let's not be so stupid. Phil did not see a  man drown. Are we so idiotic that we think the line &quot;If you told me  you were drowning, I would not lend a hand&quot; means that he did?  C'mon... the lyrics speak for themselves. Enough of the moronic lyric  analysis. The song fits in with the theme of the rest of the album. The  split from his wife in '79 and the subsequent feelings surrounding Phil.  Apologies for the somewhat harsh tone of this post, but I can't bear to  hear that &quot;True&quot; story one more time.
B00001OH7U|5.0|This record has brilliant, mature song writing with ingredients of blue eyed soul and funk. But if you are a rock fan and unsure if you will like it, understand that it was voted in the top five of many of the  &quot;guitar album of the year&quot; polls in magazines like Rolling Stone.  (I remember it being number one in several polls.) You get tight, rhythmic  variety, not only from track to track, but sometimes within the same song,  as well as the stinging guitar attack of Carlos Alomar and Earl Slick. You  WILL play air guitar to it.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix was AWESOME!   This movie is spellbinding!  The Matrix asks the question:  &quot;what is real?&quot;  Thomas Anderson (Keanu Reeves...DUH!) is an average guy, who is also a computer hacker who goes by  the alias NEO.  Neo wants to know what the Matrix is.  Well, he soon finds  out, and also finds out that he is prophecized to save the world!   After  the frightening truth is revealed, Neo trains for his mission:  Destroy the  Matrix.  This action and violence packed movie will keep you guessing until  the end!   The whole SHABANG is great:  the actors, the plot, the action,  but mostly the special effects!   The plot is delivered to you in such a  conceiveable manner, that you will find yourself feeling the back of your  head!   (watch the movie and you will understand)  This is a MUST SEE!    Do not miss this face-paced digital masterpiece!   Remember, THERE IS NO  SPOON!  Also, be sure to pick up the Soundtrack too.  GREAT SONGS!
B000005Z0E|3.0|There is no doubt in my mind that this is the best side of 2Pac: young, aggressive and political. 2Pacalypse Now isn't as finely trimmed as it's follow-up, 'Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z.', but it's violent, intensive and,  um, West Coast. Songs like 'Soulja's Story', 'Brenda's Got A Baby' and  'Violent' all take stand on meaningful things like ghetto violence, young  mothers and the corruption of the police department in general. 'If My  Homie Calls' is so West Coast it puts Cali Love and To Live And Die In L.A.  to shame. The production, on the other hand, is very old school. Lots of  live instruments and tempo varieties, heavy piano and bass lines. At this  time 2Pac's raw lyrics were at their best. All in all, if you're planning  on buying a 2Pac album, I sure would recommend either this, 'Strictly 4 My  N.I.G.G.A.Z.' or 'Me Against The World'. Get ready to be shook, though.
B00002EPMF|5.0|This CD is brilliant. It's more progressive and melodic than Death. The singer is outstanding and very versatile. Lots of good riffs and the best drumming ever! If you like metal, you just have to buy The Fragile art of  existence.
6305358613|5.0|Cate Blanchett is magnificent!  My top three performances of all time. I shutter to think what people in the academy must be thinking now Gwenyth has the oscar. Thank god I'm not a member!
B000007OY0|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption to me was all about hope.  Andy never lost sight of hope even in the midst of the horrible, tragic events he faced.  He wasn't outspoken but he would never give up on proving his innocence and  finding a way out and redemption for all he'd been through.  He restored my  faith in believing in yourself and never giving up. Hope.
B000002HEM|5.0|Natalie Merchant's woodsy vocals shine brilliantly on this showcase CD. Her luxurious, eccentric delivery is at its peak, and this is the last recorded effort that she made that summarizes her 10000 Maniacs career.  <br />This CD is still better than anything she's offered thus far in her  abyssmal solo career.<br />Try also 10000 Maniacs' &quot;In My Tribe&quot; as  the finest album of the 20th century. This CD is the most uplifting  collection of recorded material ever.
630518299X|4.0|Imagine that your whole life is a lie, everyone is watching you everywhere, and the people who you love and with whom you've been sharing your life, including your best friend and your beloved and always funny    wife are just actors. The Truman Show's  basic idea carries an undoubtful  cruel and sad felling, but in the hands of Peter Weir, a talented filmmaker  who believes in the humanity and in hope, the film turns out to be an  interesting, funny, and entertaining masterpiece, although it has an  undeniable sad context. Truman is played to perfection by an actor who I've  never thought that he could actually act, Jim Carrey. In this dramatic,  powerful and blessed hole, Carrey delivers an excellent job! certainly he  deserved the Golden Globe for this breakthrough performance. Carrey builds  an ingenuous, good and honest man, making impossible for the audience stop   caring and loving him. And during the whole running time of the film, you  will find yourself laughing, having a great time and sometimes crying for  Truman at each curve his fate takes.  The supporting performances stand out  for their quality, Laura Linney (from Congo, a great flick about explorers  who are hunted down by killer gorillas in a mountain, available at Amazon)  offers an unforgetable interpretation, playing with ear-to-ear smiles a  cold and cruel actress. It's beyond me the reason why she didn't receive  any Oscar nomination, but it's  said that Paramount, Truman's  studio,  tried to nominate her in the Best Actresses Category but the year's other   main performances (Cate Blanchet, Fernanda Montenegro) were more applauded,  but had they took the Supporting Category, she would be a tough contestant  for the Oscar. Ed Harris' Christof is one of those characters that will  live forever in the hearts of the audience, and Truman, well, Truman is  perhaps the most upright, honest and sweet hero that Hollywood ever  conceived. The technical aspects count with curious, never-seen-before  camera movements, intelligent and different ways of shooting the scenes and  a strong direction by Weir. The Truman Show is available at Amazon, the DVD  and VHS include the original trailers and interviews with the cast and  director. Own this masterpiece! And don't forget to take a look at Congo.
0395389496|5.0|I volunteered for my daughters KDG class to be a read-aloud parent.  The book was chosen for me.  When I brought the book home to preview what I was going to be reading to the class, I vowed I would read it at least a dozen  times at home first.  Otherwise I would have ended the story in my  daughter's class with tears streaming down my face as I had the first time  I read it, and several times again. This is such a wonderful story and so  beautifully illustrated.  I decided that the whole class should have a  jingle bell from Santa's sleigh.  Luckily I found just what I needed at the  craft store!  I would like to thank the person who chose the book for me  to read, for giving me the opportunity to experience this story in such a  way that I was passing it along to not only my own children, but to 25  others.  I would also like to thank the author for sharing with me a truly  special gift.  I will continue to recommend this book to everyone I know,  and hope that they appreciate it the way I do.  P.S.  It is also going to  be Christmas gifts for a few of my neices and nephews!
6305311463|2.0|And I quote &quot;...the Criterion Collection is a large and growing selection of classic and contemporary films that have been singled out for the red carpet treatment...&quot;<br />Ugh!<br />Just when I thought  &quot;Criterion Collection&quot; meant they chose nothing but the best  movies.<br />The movie had much to be desired - though I must admit I'm a  Bruce Willis fan, and Liv Tyler is quite a peice of, era, ehem....  Anyhow,  it was still a disappointment.
0201633612|5.0|This book is an excellent collection of valuable experience and great insights into good software design.  However, don't expect to digest everything by reading cover to cover.  Try to skim through all patterns,  and go into details for patterns dealing with problems you have encountered  before.  I found that this way I have been able to pick up the patterns  quickly and integrate them to my own experience.  Re-readings are  essential.
B000002KOJ|5.0|Clouds is the perfect title for this collection of songs. On the surface are the beautiful, simple melodies and the airy voice of Joni Mitchell. Like the changing landscape of the sky, the lyrics have simple and deep  meanings, that can change over time, but always remain meaningful. When  this album was originally released in the 60's, my best friend and I sang  the two part version of  &quot;The Gallery&quot; in a cafe in Paris.  Although few in the cafe spoke English, they all loved the music.
0192824031|5.0|i think that it is very very good, super good!
0893815233|5.0|I`ve owned this book for many years now and it never fails to take me back to my own childhood each time I look at it.Who hasn`t had the pox or had a father perform some sort of 1st aid for our cuts and bruses or skinny  dippied down on the river.I highly recommend this book.Some advice for  those who may be worried that it could be legally dangerious to own this  book in some areas of the U.S.- If some local prosecutor is crazy enough to  go after a U.S. citizen for owning this book than when you walk away with  the title to the local court house,I`am sure you`ll also get your book  back.The 1st Amendment applies in every state.So I say buy this book put  that other stuff out of your mind and enjoy.
B000002UAO|1.0|Hey, real sorry for breaking the chain but I do NOT feel that this was like, the greatest thing since sliced bread. Drive My Car is a totally dumb song, Beep, Beep a-beep beep yeah! Sorry. Doesn't work for me. Norweigan  Wood is Lennon doing Dylan, except without the insightful and poetic  lyrics, no, this is about John burning down a girls house. Wow. You Won't  See Me is a typical Beatle song-totally indistinguishable from any of their  other songs of this period. Nowhere Man is actually a pretty decent song I  must say, The Word is another indistinguishable thing, Michelle is slight  and silly, What Goes On is a horrible Ringo Starr western thing, why they  yet him sing on any of their albums I'll never understand. Girl is draggy,  slow and dull. I'm Looking Through You is another indistinguishable  thing.In My Life is a nice song, one of the few decent Beatle songs out  there. Wait is so forgettable that I can't remember it at all.If I Needed  Someone is a dreary George Harrison thing that sounds like every other song  he done in the early days of Beatledom, and then comes a nice little jewel  of a song by Lennon called Run For Your Life that makes the Stones Under My  Thumb look like a feminist anthem. And this from the guy who wrote Imagine!  Anyway, this album is so laughably overrated that I wonder at the sanity of  the modern world.
0345347951|5.0|This ranks in my top ten lifetime favorites.  First read it as teenager, almost 40 years ago, have re-read it several times.  Each time, the impact is compelling.   I'm a voracious reader, and even many books I've liked are  vague memories.   This, however, is always clearly in my mind.   I am  pleased to see so many  great reviews - I recommend it often, not  mentioning its a sci-fi book...because I think i t transcends genre .  I  both yearn for a movie....and dread it, because if its a stinker, people  may stop reading the book for the first time!
B000002HH2|5.0|I simply must say that throughout history there have been very few musicians who have been able to tap into what is the soul of music.  Those who have been able to tell a story which withstands the test of time and is  still a viable example of their message years after their passing.   Stravinsky, Beethoven, PJ Harvey, Kate Bush, Gershwin...BJORK!   <br />What  these artists have in common is there ability to use music to both shape  lives and heal souls.  &quot;Post&quot; is simply the best example of this.  These 11 songs cover the spectrum of human emotion and experience.  From  the happy to the sad, from passion to boredom.  Bjork has helped better  define human existence.  Get Debut, Telegram, Homogenic, and Post for they  are all examples of her genius and majesty.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Cierren las empresas discograficas hasta el primer dia del ao 2000. Este CD de Metallica es espectacular para todo aquel que ademas de escuchar musica la ame. Soy fanatico de todo tipo de musica, Pop, Rock, Clasica,  etc.. y la simbiosis entre La Sinfonica de San Francisco y Metallica es  explosiva. Un cd para escuchar en familia y sentir el poder de la musica  atravesando tu cuerpo con la bateria de Ulrich mientras tus oidos se  deleitan con los violines de la filarmonica
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica has taken a step BEYOND the music industry by showing off how tallented they REALLY are, with the mixture off ALL types of music styles !             Dont get me wrong - This recording has so much power packed  into it, that I cant imagine ANY hard rock fan NOT getting into it !  The  crowd is GREAT, the sound is fantasitc, and the guitar riffs are OUT OF  THIS WORLD !   Even the WORST Matallica song (MEMORY REMAINS) sounds SO  much better live, than in the recording studio ! <br />     DONT be afraid of  the SYMPHONY label !  This is not SOFT by ANY means !   GREAT JOB, guys !
630289915X|5.0|Seeking meaningful memories, metaphysical monologues, or wanting to escape from the realistic rush of technological giftgiving?  Slip a copy of &quot;It's a Wonderfull Life&quot; into the VCR.  Sit back and serenely  rediscover the meaning of the season.  Happy Holidays!
B00001MXXG|5.0|I am a teenager.  I still enjoy(?) the joys(?) of high school.  And let me say that Ferris Bueller's Day Off is still pertinent, as well as enjoyable.<br />I've seen the ending numerous times on TV, but this very night  I decided to watch the whole thing.  I rented it with a friend and loved  it.  Tomorrow I will go out and buy the DVD.<br />John Hughes was one of the  precursors of such great writer-directors as Kevin Smith, and this film is  evidence.  It may have different focuses and some might find this difficult  to interpret, as some reviews have said.<br />I say &quot;Bull.&quot;  This  film captures high school.  Even if all the teachers aren't as boring, the  administration is still spreading the same lies that the principal  character does in the film.  He tries for authority and only pulls off  incompetence.<br />With humor, light youthful cynicism, and carefree but  intelligent views on life, I can attest to Ferris's own accuracy.  I may  not be as successful, but I see myself as a Buellerist(even if it wasn't  intended).<br />So what if the movie ends seriously?  That's what high school  is!  There're good times, hilarious times.  And then there's learning who  you are.  Coming to terms.  I was moved by Ferris Bueller's Day Off.  In a  world where accuracy often means disgusting, hack films like American Pie,  this movie captured school days masterfully.  Films that take the act of  growing up and make it a sick joke are insulting, in my opinion.  American  Pie featured the darker side of growing up.  People who are self-centered  and petty.  What a life, to start in such a way.  Ferris Bueller is shown  to be human and moral as he speaks about his friends, however.  His  analyses are wonderful, and caring while not being sugar-coated.  The film  was true but tasteful, succinctly and accurately showing the trials of  growing up.<br />It's over-the-top, but anyone who was interesting in high  school(and childhood in general), I'm sure, can attest to memories that  seem larger-than-life.  While it may be difficult to watch Ferris Bueller  run up slides and jump on trampolines all to get home with a serious eye,  one must admit that when one looks back at school, some things are like  that, even if only in your mind.<br />Ferris Bueller's Day Off works on levels  that only one who is or has been young can appreciate.
B000002UB3|5.0|This album is the best Beatles recording,what else can I say? My particular favorite is George Harrison's &quot;Something&quot; it is a great love song. Lennon's &quot;Come Together&quot; is excellent,and  McCartney's &quot;She Came in Through the bathroom Window&quot; is  stunning. A MUST HAVE!
B000000XCD|5.0|Three consecutive albums, &quot;Green River,&quot; &quot;Willy and the Poorboys,&quot; and &quot;Cosmo's Factory,&quot; mark the artistic highpoint of Creedence's career. This is the first of those three.  &quot;Green River&quot; flows from start to end with one great song after  another, all of them propelled by that super awesome trademark Creedence  sound. This album is an essential part of any good rock and roll  collection.
6301095294|4.0|Okay. It doesn't have much of a plot, but for a pure escape movie, it's great! Not too many things to think about with this film, but such is the very nature of escapist entertainment. The 'I Am The Walrus' and 'Blue Jay  Way' videos are definately worth the price of the video. If you're a fan,  especially of their psychedelic period, this film belongs in your library.
B000000XCF|5.0|&quot;Willy and the Poorboys&quot; is the greatest album ever recorded by any American rock band. Most people are familiar with a few of the songs here, because they receive heavy airplay on the radio. But all of the songs  here are wonderul. &quot;Cotton Fields&quot; has such a strong level of  honesty and simplicity to it. &quot;It Came Out of the Sky&quot; is a  humorous track about a supposed UFO sighting. All of the other songs are  also filled with their own blend of story, character, and personality. And,  this album really rocks! One could argue that Creedence had the greatest  rythym section of any band in the history of rock and roll. This is a great  album.
6301095294|4.0|Okay. It doesn't have much of a plot, but for a pure escape movie, it's great! Not too many things to think about with this film, but such is the very nature of escapist entertainment. The 'I Am The Walrus' and 'Blue Jay  Way' videos are definately worth the price of the video. If you're a fan,  especially of their psychedelic period, this film belongs in your library.
B000000XCH|5.0|&quot;Cosmo's Factory&quot; by Creedence Clearwater Revival is an excellent CD, and I strongly recommend it. Note that seven of the songs here are contained on their compilation &quot;Chronicle.&quot; I know that  a lot of people simply buy &quot;Chronicle&quot; and nothing else. But I  don't even own that. Instead, I prefer the original albums. In particular,  this CD, &quot;Green River,&quot; and &quot;Willy and the Poorboys&quot;  are all excellent CDs, and taken together, those three CDs give you a much  better understanding of Creedence than does the &quot;Chronicle&quot;  compilation.
B000002UEB|5.0|Though Empire's songcraft was a notch above that on Operation:  Mindcrime, it's obvious in comparing the two albums that Mindcrime was a necessary step in the evolution of the band.<br />After going almost cyberpunk on Rage  for Order (which I would argue is Queensryche's coming of age), the  Tate-Wilton-DeGarmo core headed in an ultrasleek, aggressive metal  direction with this, the brashest album in the Queensryche catalogue.   Thanks to producer Peter Collins (Rush), Mindcrime is the first Queensryche  album not hindered by a muddy mix.  Instead, guitar solos slice through the  arrangements to provide emotional peaks for the songs; Tate's vocals never  sounded better; and the band was clearly on a roll in terms of songwriting:   From the glistening DeGarmo instrumentals &quot;Waiting for 22&quot; and  &quot;Anarchy-X&quot; through carnivorous rockers such as &quot;I Don't  Believe in Love&quot;, &quot;Speak&quot; and &quot;Revolution  Calling&quot;, and the album's best songs, &quot;The Mission&quot; and  &quot;Eyes of a Stranger&quot; -- the former one of the best incorporations  of a string section into a rock song and a majestic thematic summary for  the entire concept album; the latter a stunning rock masterpiece with an  unforgettable guitar riff anchoring one of the band's most intense  performances ever.<br />Operation:  Mindcrime also mines the socio-political  potential of the concept album farther than either Pink Floyd or The Who  ever did, creating an Orwellian nightmare in which there is no redemption  for a sinner, even if his acts were not his own.<br />For a deeper taste of  the story, hunt down the Operation:  LIVECrime boxed set, which includes a  CD/cassette, recorded live, containing the entirety of Operation:   Mindcrime as recorded on the band's Building Empires tour, plus a video of  the concert itself.  A worthy companion piece to this exhilarating album.
B00000K0DT|5.0|THE USUAL SUSPECTS is my favorite movie of the 1990s. I remember seeing it in the theater opening weekend. The first time that I saw its surprise ending, I felt as if I had been kicked very hard in my stomach. It was  amazing, and I ended up seeing the movie in the theater seven times.<br />When  the movie came out on VHS in 1996, I bought it immediately. When I bought a  DVD player in the beginning of 1999, it was the first DVD that I bought. I  have seen the movie a total of about 40 times.<br />Christopher McQuarrie's  Oscar winning script is brilliant. Every line counts. There are so many  details packed into the movie that it requires multiple viewings, perhaps  even as many as a dozen, to be fully appreciated. And even after that it  still gets better with each viewing. Bryan Singer's directing is based on a  love of movie making and a very strong, deep respect for the intelligence  of the audience. All of the acting perforances, from the major players like  Oscar winner Kevin Spacey, down to minor roles such as Suzy Amis's, are all  done to perfection. Newton Thomas Segal's camera direction helps to give a  classy, 1940s feel to the movie which makes it all that much more  interesting. John Ottman's musical score and editing are the final seal in  making this movie absolutely perfect. A definite must see.
B0000024VP|5.0|I was listening to Donovan on Dec. 8th, 1980 when I heard the news.  Luckily one icon of the '60s is still alive and I got to see him in '88.  This album is his best; every song on it a '60s classic.  I especially like  The Trip.  I performed that and others from this album in High School.  Bert Blues is cool and the title track.  This album is essentially an  actualization of the '60s psychedelic ego, and defines it's own brand of  coolness, not the prepackaged coolness we have in the '90s; the type where  they do market research to figure out what's cool.  Donovan is cool; if you  think otherwise you cannot transcend the vegetable consciousness of the  '90s.
0792833201|5.0|POLTERGEIST is my favorite horror movie of all time. This movie is almost enough to actually cause me to believe in ghosts. The movie is very scary and suspenseful, and it manages to pull this off without any kind of  graphic violence. The reason for this is because we come to care about the  characters, and so when they are threatened, we are able to have compassion  for them. Ultimately, this movie is about how love between family members  can conquer over evil.
073510073X|5.0|If you are one of the 'highly sensitive people' that Dr. Aron is describing in this book, I encourage you to read it:  I think you will find it a very helpful collection and summary of insights into some aspects of  your personality that (perhaps) you have never understood.  Unlike   one or  two rather uncharitable reviewers, I found her conversational style of  writing greatly preferable to a dry-as-dust academic textbook style.   Sincere thanks to Dr. Aron for sharing her  obviously hard-won  self-knowledge with the rest of us.
B00001ZWTT|4.0|good fun entertaining movie good performance by will smith !
B000002HRE|4.0|Okay, there seems to be four Metallica fan groups out there. You have the &quot;I've been the biggest fan since &quot;no life 'till leather&quot; demo came out and they say Metallica sold out with &quot;And justice for  all&quot;. Next you have the &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; group that says  everything that's not &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; sucks. Followed by the  &quot;And Justice&quot;/black album crowd, who for some reason don't like  the earlier &quot;Kill 'em All&quot; and &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;,  yet state that &quot;Reload/Load&quot; were total sell-outs and nothing  will compare to the Black album, the album all the other &quot;fans&quot;  whined abot years ago when it first came out. Then you've got the new fan  base that loves &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot; and are also buying  &quot;Garage inc.&quot; (cover songs that influeced them) and earlier  albums. The funny thing is you don't hear a lot of newer fans complaining  about the older albums or all the older songs that they still play at their  shows. Some of you so called &quot;die hard fans from back in the day&quot;  need to lighten up a little bit and maybe expand your musical horizons  some. &quot;Reload&quot; is not a bad album. It is a little different but  is still a great effort by four talented musicians. Some other open minded  reviewers made reference to &quot;hair swinging&quot; and if thats all  you're into don't buy this album, I agree. There are plenty of hair  swinging bands,(Exodus, Meliah Rage, Kreator etc.) none have the talent,  then or now, that the musicians in Metallica have.
B000001FYZ|4.0|This is a good disk, but those of you that say it is the Scorpions' best ever should listen to Animal Magnetism.
B000002NG7|5.0|Faith No More...a phrase that has become a by-word for irreverent excellence.  But this only came about because of the brilliance of the albums that came before this.  So is Album Of The Year a worthy addition to  the phenomenal canon of Faith No More?  The answer is an emphatic  'yes'.   Starting off with the sickly twisted 'Collision', which, judging by the  lyrics, appears to have been written as a tribute to the film 'Crash', AOTY  never disappoints.  The band appear to have mellowed out somewhat since  KFAD (there are no equivalents of 'Cuckoo for Caca' here), but that is no  bad thing at all, as it allows them to explore new areas.  'Stripsearch'  and 'Last cup of Sorrow' are fine examples of the new FNM.  But fret not,  mosh freaks, the psycho vibe is brought to us in the form of 'Naked in  front of the computer', a tale of a battle  between a computer and its  owner.  And 'Got that feeling' nicely captures the mosh mood as well.  The  tone of the record is definitely more low-key than on previous albums, and  this vibe is best captured on the twin peaks of genius known as 'Ashes to  Ashes', and my personal favourite 'Paths of glory'.  Words can't really  describe how good these songs are.  No one seems to agree with me on  'Paths', so it must be that I have found a song that I can call mine.  And  for this, I worship Faith No More.  Note must be made of the video for  'last cup..', which is an inspired four minute remake of Hitchcocks classic  'vertigo', featuring Jennifer Jason Leigh.  The  keyboards are more  prevalent than ever on any FNM album, and on 'Paths' and 'ashes' they  totally build the atmosphere, as well as on 'last cup' and 'stripsearch'.   One of the most touching moments of the whole album is found in the song  'Helpless', which I assume is a song relating to depression.  Mike:'I even  tried to get arrested today/But everyone looked the other way'.  I could  sit here and harp on for hours about how great the rest of the songs are,  but I won't.   That would be telling.  So go and get it.
0671045865|4.0|First I can say that King has returned to the better stories. A girl, nine years old, loosing her way into another world, trying to survive, and `something' following her trying to get her, it can only be a King story.  In my view it can become a story that easily fits in some like Robinson  Crusoe and Lord of the Flies.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|Unlike other action/sci fi movies that have begun to tear apart the same plots and visuals over and over again, The Matrix's plot makes you think harder than any movie of the past twenty years, no disrespect to Spielberg,  Lucas or Cameron. It strikes a one-of-a-kind thought chord in your head.  And as for solid action and visuals, well, in my opinion, the last two  movies to push digital technology to the edge were 1991's Terminator 2:  Judgement Day and of course, 1999's The Phantom Menace.  The Matrix just  shot itself up past both of them and the only movie that I think will outdo  it will The Matrix 2
B00000G3PA|1.0|&quot;Armageddon&quot; went head-to-head against &quot;Deep Impact&quot; in the theatres, and I chose to see &quot;Deep Impact&quot; first, since it seemed to be a more thoughtful, serious look at the possibility of a comet impacting Earth. After surviving the disappointment of &quot;Deep  Impact,&quot; I thought, &quot;How bad could ARMAGEDDON possibly be? Sure,  the science might be bad, but it's probably just a lot of rollicking good  fun.&quot; How WRONG I was! Apparently the producers of this movie felt  there was no need to speak with technical or scientific consultants; I  can't imagine anyone but male high school dropouts enjoying this film.  Sure, there's a lot of explosions, flashing lights, Aerosmith,  cheesy sets, flag-waving, and clouds of testosterone pouring off the  screen, and if that's your cup of tea, go get this movie. But if you've got  an IQ of at least 90, avoid &quot;Armageddon&quot; like the plague.
6305622825|5.0|Finally, a film with so many twists and turns and wondering who's working or betraying who without getting confused ( Anybody remember Mission Impossible with Tom Cruise; to this day I still thought that movie was a  perplexing mess) ! Even the use of the high tech equipment was easy to  follow in Entrapment... Catherine Zeta-Jones is definitely a gorgeous and  sensual woman with a lot of class.She strongly resembles the classic  Hollywood beauty reminiscent of Vivian Leigh from Gone With The Wind and  other Hollywood sexy sirens of the 30's, 40's, and 50's.What's amazing  about Jones is how she can switch off or un-do her thick Welsh-European  accent in any movie and convert over to either American or Mexican (Zorro);  Talk about ironing out your natural accent. Sean Connery is still Mr. Cool  or Slick when it comes to any role he plays; He exudes a lot of confidence  and sophistication; Connery is an example of what a true gentleman should  be like(smooth and suave, especially with the ladies). I'll admit his  character was a bit rough with Jones' in the beginning; all for good  reason, though. I more than highly recommend this movie for its polished (  yet, not too polished) ensemble of characters, story, plot, twists and  turns of excitement and intrigue ! The only mentionable annoyance was  toward the end at the train/sub station with the characters hide and go  seek exchanges. This movie does not require the viewer to sit next to  someone and ask every five minutes about what's going on--the I don't get  it?--syndrome...
630438551X|4.0|Baz Lurhman's version of Romeo and Juliet was great. I never thought that Shakespeare could be so much fun to watch. The movie follows the same storyline: two teenagers from two fighting houses fall madly in love and  kill themself because of their family's hate. The catch though: the story  has been moved from the 1600's to the 1990's. Lurhman retells the story in  a modern way using guns for swords, a pill for Queen Mab, and cars instead  of carriages. The movie is great. The language stays the same people. Sorry  about that one.
B000002B2T|5.0|Please oh please bring me away from the droll, lackadaisical numbing of the mind that grunge music has been thought to induce.  People feel that this music is all about whining and wishing you were dead when in all  acutality it goes deeper.  And even though the lyrics to many grunge songs  are indicative of sadness and melancholy, there is a sense that when you  listen to it, you feel the pain of another.  With that in mind, you tend to  feel better about your own somber mood, and that is exactly what Mad Season  artistically portrays in Above.  Above is an album with distinct sadness  and pessimism,but it almost seems like everything is okay because these  songs sound like the inspiration from  emotions felt about situations  everyone goes through.  What makes everything all right is the sense that  you feel like the songs are in retrospect, looking back on problematic  times and regrets but feeling happy to have gone through it and survived.  Layne Staley uses his gift of singing&amp;songwriting along with McCready's  ability to construct any emotion with his guitar work to create this sad  yet alleviating album.  If you are looking to get out of a depressed mood,  don't put this on because you will sit around and listen to its beauty,  admiring the quality and the difference it assumes apart from traditional  grunge sounds of Staley's Alice in Chains and McCready's Pearl Jam.  Above  won't get you riled up, but it will make you inspired and cause you to  think.  Listen to it alone, whatever your mood, and you will lapse into a  world within yourself where Above is the soundtrack and your imagination is  the movie.
B000002I25|5.0|How many unknown, garage type, club-gigging bands, with a lineup of 4 totally unknowns,can walk into a studio and SLAM DUNK Sgt. Pepper (not to mention releasing a single that goes straight to No. 1, replacing 'All You  Need Is Love')?  This album, and these 4 men did just that. Floyd never did  it...Zeppelin never did it. I truly believe that this is the greatest rock  and roll album ever made. And it's a debut album by a group nobody ever  heard of. Oh to be in the studio back in Dec.'66 to watch history being  made.
B000009QPO|5.0|Do you count 'After the Gold Rush', 'Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere' and 'Ragged Glory by Neil Young' among your all-time favorite albums? Then you must run and get this album immediately. The first track, 'Waiting for the  Sun' showcases the Jayhawks perfect harmonies and Gary Louris's heart  stopping melodic leads. Like the Eagles album 'Desperado' every song on  this album flows seamlessly from one to the next. The haunting 'Nevada  California' captures the stark beauty and emptiness one experiences driving  up thru the high dessert between Reno NV and Lake Tahoe CA. Y2K is about  two weeks away, I think I'll pick up an extra copy of 'Hollywood Town  Hall'. Five stars doesn't do this masterpiece justice.
B000002I2G|1.0|Buy this album and you will agree. Miami was surely on all their minds when they did this one.
0553571338|5.0|Jonas lives in a world where everything is done for him and everything is chosen for him. He has no idea of the outside world. This story is wonderful. He meets the Giver, a man who is the only one in the community  who has experienced true joy and grief. Jonas must recieve from him, but  Jonas can't handle it, he must do something. He doesn't feel safe anymore.  The Giver will help him. He will face something with bravery and heart, to  truly see through the eyes of the Giver. Masterpiece! Loved it like crazy!  Touching, but unreal.
B000002I25|5.0|How many unknown, garage type, club-gigging bands, with a lineup of 4 totally unknowns,can walk into a studio and SLAM DUNK Sgt. Pepper (not to mention releasing a single that goes straight to No. 1, replacing 'All You  Need Is Love'? I may be wrong, and correct me if I am, but this album, and  these 4 men did just that. Floyd never did it...Zeppelin never did it. I  truly believe that this is the greatest rock and roll album ever made. And  it's a debut album by a group nobody ever heard of. Oh to be in the studio  back in Dec.'66 to watch history being made.
6305180261|5.0|First, I'd like to address a brief comment to the troglodytes that felt it necessary to 'review' the video and give it one star.  While there are always twits online, I find it especially offensive when they purport to  review something they've never seen, could not understand, and are unable  to access -- and then trash it for all to see.<br />   Guns N' Roses is not a  band for little boys who 'wanna be bad' -- it's a very grown up band, and  the lyrics are some of the best I've ever heard. Complex, emotionally rich,  layered with observations about the difficulties of life, emotional pain,  the confusion that plagues us all at different times -- all of this,  powered by Axl Rose's brilliant voice (which can sound like a dozen  different voices, his range and ability to alter his sound is well nigh  incredible) and the power of the music, particularly, of course, Slash's  guitar.  Not to give short shrift to the rest of the band, they too give  the music its uniquely powerful sound.<br />   If one is a bland,  conservative, individual wearing blinders that allow him to see nothing but  'good = guy in a suit' and 'bad = long hair and tattoos' then one will not  listen or appreciate Guns N'Roses.  One of the reviewers apparently was of  this ilk -- he couldn't see past an appearance that disturbed his deeply  middle class bourgeois values.<br />   If, however, you don't give a whit  about the length of someone's hair (what possible relevance could hair  length have to musical ability?) or whether the individual has a penchant  for obtaining tattoos (and why would one care about that either?  Tattoos  are a *personal* choice.  Not a musical judgment, for christ's sakes), then  one CAN listen and CAN _hear_ the brilliance.   November Rain.. Estranged..  Don't Damn Me.. Listen to the lyrics.  Every single song, every single  video, all brilliant.  W. Axl Rose is indeed a 'genius' (I mean that as  more than hyperbole, he is certifiably brilliant, IQ wise, any way you wish  to look at it) and the lyrics to the songs show that brilliance just as a  tiffany setting shows the brilliance of a well cut diamond solitaire.<br />     My only hope is that with the current lineup, the new material will have  the power of the old, and I deeply wish that the band would go back to its  old line up -- surely the individuals who left to pursue individual  projects now realize that they aren't getting anywhere very quickly (not to  insult them, it is merely that this group of people make incredible music  TOGETHER).  Even Slash's 'Snakepit' leaves one feeling not quite fulfilled.   The guitar is brilliant, but where are the stunning vocals, the raw power  and catharsis of that voice?  The same problem, I fear, will emerge when  the new material comes out.  We will have Axl's vocals.. but without  Slash's guitar, who knows what they'll sound like.<br /> <br />My review of the  video?  Highest possible, buy it and watch it often, read the words, learn  them by heart, sing along at the top of your voice in your car with the  Guns N' Roses CDs on.   My review of the band?  The *best* band that ever  was.. and my musical tastes are very wide and varied indeed.  Still, if I  had to pick a winner, it would be, it always would have to be, Guns N'  Roses as it existed either at the time of Appetite for Destruction, or  later during Illusions l and ll - Let's see those lineups back, and ASAP.   Buy this video.  You will not be sorry, and if its for the Guns N' Roses  fan in your life.. they will love you forever and be stunned at your wisdom  and good taste in gift giving. :)<br />   Hope this has been helpful.
B00001QEE7|5.0|I've waited for this animation to be released on dvd ever since I heard of possibility of dvd invention years ago. I've loved it that much. I finally got this dvd and it's like a dream come true. I too was a bit disappointed  by its lack of 'side dishes(special features)', which never stops me loving  this film. What a lovely story! How wonderful the music is! This dvd is a  must have. <br />P.S. A video pause in chapter 17 is not a glitch. It is the  very moment for switching to the other layer.
B000002UAU|5.0|Sometimes it is difficult to provide an unbiased opinion about a particular subject. I have read most of the below reviews very carefully and I found many times biased opinions, for both sides. Nothing in the  middle.<br />When the Beatles are the subject we usally get emotional and most  of the time people try to compare. Comparisons are unfair and usually don't  lead to anything. Who was the greatest: Mozart, Bach or Beethoven? Verdi or  Wagner? Who cares? What is important is that each one changed music  forever. Same thing with the Beatles, in particular with this album, which,  like it or not, changed rock forever. Each one of the songs is special and  the whole album concept is a real music revolution. As many people say, a  piece of art.<br />With regards to people that talk about childish  tunes.....have you ever seen Picasso's art at the latest phase? One would  say: any of my kids could have done those drawings.....so far from truth.  Same thing with this album.
B000002UAX|5.0|I do not understand why this album is bashed so much by some reviewers.  This double record masterpiece explores oh so many styles and does them all well. Even Revolution #9 has some interesting sound effects.  Never has  controversy brought out such a terrific recording.
B000002H70|5.0|if you think you have listened to every type of music, you are wrong.  this is an excellent CD that goes beyond your music knowledge.  I find it kind of dark, but not too much to annoy me.  I find it very rithmic, but  not too much to sound like pop.<br />I love it when some musician surprises me  with new, great songs....and in most of the cases, british ones do.
B000002I27|4.0|Strange Days is the last of the 'old Doors' sound that was so capitivating on the debut album. After Strange Days, fame and fortune permeated the band and their sound changed. They became more top 40. It's no wonder Morrison  got sick of the whole thing. A little of the magic was recaptured on L.A.  Woman, but it doesn't hold a flame to the first two albums.
