B000001I0Q|5.0|for those who claim this is not a goth album, i beg to differ.  goth is not all ethereal crooning, it is also the intent behind the music. lords of the new church is somewhat rough and early 80s &quot;rock&quot; like.  it's  the sort of music that makes you wonder exactly what it is you're listening  to, since it doesn't seem to fall in any one particular gender. i imagine  that quite a few people will dislike this album.   however, it is  definitely worth buying.  it's direct, clear-cut, and forceful.  russian  roulette, in particular, stands out as a wonderful track, slightly calmer  &amp; cleaner than the rest, which are more frenzied.
B000002LIM|5.0|Danny Elfman has brought us many dark scores from dark movies, but this has to top off all of his others. I love the theme song. If you were to get one Danny Elfan soundtrack, this would be it.
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver is considered the most mature release by the Beatles of 14 individual songs that could stand on there own. Subsequent albums (Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road) contain songs or short snippets that are a small piece  of a larger puzzle that cannot exist entirely in hothouse isolation (Sgt.  Pepper reprise, Polythene Pam, for example). To prove that assertion, Got  To Get You Into My Life was released as a single in 1976, and reached the  top ten! <br />George Harrison's songwriting bloom is rewarded with three  compositions (Taxman, Love You To, I Want To Tell You). Five stars, no  question. The vinyl version that is! <br />That being said, the CD packaging  gives overwhelming reason to remaster the catalog: Why on earth was the  back album picture chopped up for the CD? Why a skimpy booklet without  liner notes, session notes, or unpublished photos. They at least did that  with the next CD to be released in 1987 - Sgt. Pepper. <br />This catalog  deserves far better treatment than that. <br />What would be nice are CDs  containing both the mono and stereo mixes of all the albums up to this one.  The mono mix of Yellow Submarine on the UK album contains an extra backing  vocal by John not on the stereo mix: &quot;As we live a life at ease. (Life  at ease)&quot; It would also be nice to have the mono editions of Sgt.  Pepper, and the White Album, all complete with picture discs, booklets with  healthy notes, and photos.<br />Maybe before the next next millenium, will get  that, maybe!
0448060191|5.0|This book is by far the most compelling book of the century. This book shows the struggles and hardships of four girls and the people around them. Throughout the book, there are many difficult situation that the girls have to overcome. If you haven't read this book, you really should because it redefines our modern day concepts of family life and love.
076781326X|5.0|This film is truly fun for the whole family.  It has upbeat songs, energetic dancing, and witty dialogue.  The first time i watched this movie I found it somewhat long and drawn out, but now I enjoy it to the fullest!    Faghin is funny and sly, while Oliver is quiet and uplifting.  The Arful  Dodger, my favourite character, is both humourous and quick-thinking: the  perfect criminal.  I recommend you purchase this film: its will keep you  and your children entertained for years to come!
B00001U0DP|5.0|This film touches every emotion known to exist, particularly for those who have children. Begnini and this film deserve all the awards and praise they have received. Nothing short of a cinematic masterpiece.
0440214041|5.0|The book was suspensful and a first-class thriller that is invigoratingly clever. It's a real page-turner.
6302732875|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever made.  James foley is a brilliant director, and the ensemble cast is amazingly good, especially Jack Lemmon and Kevin Spacey.  If you like great cinema, you can't miss this film.
0380018179|4.0|The Thorn Birds is a wonderful family saga, which is just what I think the author intended it to be.  The TV miniseries and the wonderful performances given by Richard Chamberlain, Rachel Ward and Bryan Brown have caused many  to focus on one aspect of the book and discard many others, although just  as important.  I do, however, find two problems with the book.  The final  section is a major letdown, as the character of Justine is simply not  strong enough or developed enough to evoke much empathy from readers.  The  second problem concerns the character of Father Ralph and his motivations.   The author lets us know that Ralph is power hungry regarding his status in  the Catholic Church, but she never lets us know why.  As a result, we can't  identify with his conflicts nor understand his choice of the Church over  Meggie.  Ralph comes across as far more power-mad than religious and I, for  one, wanted to know why.  I wanted to know more about him and his  background, more about what made him who he is.  Not letting us know Ralph  was McCullough's big mistake and the book suffers greatly for it.
B00000IQBM|5.0|I think the movie, &quot;The Shining&quot; is great. A modern classic. One of Stephen King's greatest works. So what if it doesn't completely cover the book. Jack Nicholson plays a performance of a lifetime.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Finally, some good rock.  This is one of my favorite CDs.  Tom Morello is a god on guitar.  He is the main reason you should buy the CD.  He makes his guitar sound like bagpipes and a harmonica.  Zach De La Rocha is an  amazing poet and rapper.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|This is perhaps the most incredible movie ever made when it comes to replay value.  It literally keeps on getting better every time you watch it.  The cast is perfectly chosen.  Don't listen to what any says, Keanu is  great in this movie. Same goes for Carie Ann Moss who is an absolute -sex  god- as Trinity.  Amazing special effects highlight this amazing story,  which is an absolute thrill ride from start to finish.  Immerse yourself in  the world of the Matrix.  You deserve it.  You'll never regret it!  As a  DVD in particular this movie is probably as good as it gets, with amazing  picture clarity and tonnes of hidden extras.  A true -must have- in any  one's collection. Don't bother reading any more reviews, just buy it.   Trust me.  Whoa!
B000002UKS|5.0|I really liked Nirvana when they were around, so I decided to buy Dave Grohl's album back in April 99'. I hadn't heard Foo Fighters before, but a friend told me they were great. So I picked it up and it was killer. At  first I only listened to My Hero and Up in Arms, but hten I discovered the  rest of the CD and thought, this is pretty good music.  Only one track  remaind unlistened to, Everlong.  In late August, there the CD sits, at the  bottom of my rack and I began to play Everlong and before I knew it, I was  jumping around trying to play it on my guitar and learning the lyrics.  Now  The Colour and the Shape, sit up at the top of my rack along with Ash's  Nu-Clear Sounds, Incubus's S.C.I.E.N.C.E., and Nirvana's Incesticide.  Inspiring.
B000006045|5.0|When I first got my hands on this CD I didn't know what to expect. Having listened mostly to hard rock/metal my hopes weren't that high, really. But I thought I'd give it a chance. Looking back, I'm glad I did. This is without doubt THE best album I've ever listened to.<br />The music is very elaborate, yet filled with emotion. Well crafted and executed. From the cheerful beats of Teardrop and Exchange to the darker, more melancholic parts of Dissolved Girl and Black Milk, this album keeps me awake and alert, touching me like no music has done before. The same can be said about the rest of the tracks. In fact, EVERY single track has its own moments, and they still keep growing musically.<br />Not many albums achieve this.<br />If you've become bored of the music you're listening to and want to explore something different, or if you prefer to take my word for it and buy one of the best CDs this decade, the choice is yours to make.<br />I made mine and it changed my life.
079073382X|5.0|As many other reviews have said, this is truly one of the most underrated films of the 1990's.  I saw this film on TV and taped it.  I love it.  I've watched it propbably two dozen times.  When I first saw it, I asked all my  friends if any had seen it, only to be answered with no's. When I finally  met someone who had seen it, and when they loved it too, I felt like my  secret was shared.  Now I'd like to share that secret with you. Goddess  Julie Delpy and Ethan Hawke are truly fantastic.  Julie is absolutely  divine.  The way she claimed relationships that lasted forever were  &quot;stupid&quot; in the cafe hoping, yearning for Hawke to argue, was  pure genius.  The brilliancy of this film is the fact that Vienna becomes a  metaphor of their relationship.  The scene in the cemetary with  &quot;Elizabeth&quot; is spellbinding.  The stolen glances in the listening  booth resonate every time.  I recommend this movie both for any who have  ever dreamed of love at first site and for those who disregard it.
6305078564|3.0|I have the VHS tape and the DVD. I love this BBC series. I would rate the story, actors, screenplay, and direction as 5 stars on VHS. As a DVD version, I was not very happy. I hoped the picture quality was better.  There were no additional features (i.e...added or behind the scene clips),  sub-titles or wide screen that are some features found to be advantagous to  DVD.
B000005GYI|5.0|I still listen frequently to Clube da Esquina, it seems to be ageless and always fresh. Actually, it is hard to believe that it was recorded in 1972, too much ahead of its time ! I compare it to classic albuns such as  &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; (Pink Floyd), some Beatles albuns,  &quot;SO&quot; (Peter Gabriel), among a few others. Clube da Esquina is  really unique and Milton Nascimento is a real genius.
B00000K2SC|4.0|The Matrix, while having solid characters and decent special effects, lacks the depth that makes a movie good.  On the surface you say a pretty good movie, however, you are always on the outside looking in.  Unlike  other thrillers of its genre, it fails to suck you in and keep you alert  the entire movie.  Also, occasionally the special effects were overdone  and, truthfully, boring.
0802130208|5.0|This is a book that makes you laugh out loud over and over again, as you eagerly await the next moves of a protagonist who is brilliant, yet pathetic at the same time.  The characters remind me of those in a Thomas Wolfe novel, with their faults and foibles right out in the open.  Ignatius  disgusts, yet compels you to cheer him on at the same time.  When you get  to the Ladies Auxiliary art show scene -- BE WARNED -- you may not want to  read this on a public plane, train etc. because you will be laughing so  hard the tears will be running down your face! I was sorry to see this book  end, and wish Kennedy had lived to write more.  I would have liked to see  where Ignatius' travels lead him to next!
6303314015|5.0|While my two year-old niece's insistence to watch the film three times did get a little much for the adults, it is fun to watch.. and entertaining for the kids as much as the parents.
6304675348|5.0|SCREAM IS THE GREATEST MOVIE AND SCREAM 2 ALSO KICKS. THEY ARE MY 2 FAVORITE MOVIES EVER.I COMPLETELY RECOMMEND THEM TO EVERYONE.IF YOU GET THESE MOVIES YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED TRUST ME:)
B000000W5B|4.0|All right, obviously you should first add Beggar's Banquet, Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers &amp; Exile On Main St. to your collection, but after you've done that this should be next in line.  For reasons I can't comprehend,  Amazon reviewers have trashed this cd.  I know a lot of Rolling Stones  fans, and they all own and love this release.  I think the detractors have  confused laid back and depressing with unfeeling and uninspired. 100 Years  Ago, Coming Down Again, Silver Train &amp; Hearbreaker are all great songs.   Dancing With Mr. D, Star Star &amp; Angie are quite good in their own  ways.  I mean, what do people want them to do?  Beat a dead horse &amp;  safely adhere to a proven formula?  This certainly wasn't their best  effort, but it does belong in the upper echelon.  Whereas Sticky Fingers  was perhaps the best drug album of all time, this one is better suited for  the end of the binge, when the guests have all wandered back to their own  homes.  This cd is much maligned, but it really doesn't deserve the  negative attention.  The Stones set expectations so ridiculously high with  their previous few releases that this one has suffered the inevitable  backlash for being less than perfect.  Most bands never achieve perfection,  Goats Head Soup would have been the pinnacle of many lesser great bands  careers.  You have to come back down from any high that doesn't kill you,  this is the only logical result.
6305627401|5.0|Hillarious from start to finish, if you are remotely fond of the south park humor, you will find this movie Hillarious. I would recomend it to anyone who understands political humor, and can handle swearing. overall  it's brilliant.
B000000WCV|5.0|Daft Punk is really unique. I have never heard any music like this. I bought the CD one year ago and I am still listening to it all the time. I do not travel without it. If you like different and unique electronic music  I would suggest you to buy at least one copy of this CD.
0312853254|4.0|It's easy to see why Orson Scott Card took home consecutive Nebula and Hugo awards for best novel...In Speaker For The Dead, Card takes Ender out the universe we originally met him in and forces him to grow in the face of  adversity...All the while, he gets to atone for spearheading one of  mankind's greatest atrocities...<br />This is not as easy a read as Ender's  Game was...But if you can get past a few slow-moving parts and the  Portugeuse (if you're not familiar with Portugeuse, that is), the  descriptions and the drama will simply blow you away...<br />I'm anxious to  read Xenocide, the third book in this trilogy...If it's anything like  Ender's Game and Speaker for the Dead, I won't be disappointed!
0800141385|5.0|Barbara's first movie is not only a hit, but a classic as well. She and Omar Sharif do a sensational job on this wonderful romantic comedy. You'll love it and will want to watch it over and over again!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Combining the talents of the San Fransico Symphony Orchestra with the power of the world's greatest metal band was sure to have some staggering results...and S&amp;M doesn't fail to deliver. From Metallica classics such  as One, Master Of Puppets and The Call Of The Ktulu to the more recent  tracks like Enter Sandman and The Memory Remains, all are superbly backed  by the orchestra, making for interesting listening even if youren't a big  fan of either metal or classical. Noteworty tracks are the sombre Hero Of  The Day, the instrumental Call Of The Ktulu, and, surprisingly, the  petrolhead anthem Fuel. Two new song are also included: No Leaf Clover and  - Human, both of which take full advantage to the orchestra. Perhaphs the  only downer about the album is that there weren't more songs included.  Also, some people may complain about James throwing to the audience too  much, but I believe the chant of &quot;Master! Master!&quot; during Master  Of Puppets adds to the atmposphere. Still, minor things aside, classic  stuff.
068484267X|5.0|After buying this book I thought,&quot;This looks pretty boring&quot;, but after much persuasion I began to read it. I found it so wonderful in fact, it took me three hours to finish!<br />Frank Mc Court writes truthfully about  life and his experiences in those days. The young boy's life is very sad.  The boy himself is full of wit and charm and has an innocent yet electrical  sense of humour.<br />It took me a while to get into the story because a lot  of the start of it is descriptive. If I am honest, after the first chapter,  I would have to say I was completely and totally engrossed.<br />This is a  very sad and depressing story about a family's struggle to cope. My first  thought's were  &quot;Oh no, I am going to be so depressed after reading  this&quot;,  but Frank Mc Court really brought about a magical feel to the  book.<br />In my opinion, he has done jutice to this story and nobody could  have done it better! I will defenately be reading the sequel!
0393317552|4.0|Other reviewers have noted that the book is a might repetitive. I share that sentiment.<br />Many of the very unfavorable reviews...criticize Diamond because he \\"assumes away\\" or leaves out non-environmental factors like culture, religion, race, etc. These criticisms are seriously misguided and should not affect a purchase decision. The point of the book is to explain an overarching pattern in history. Many explanations can be marshaled for that purpose (race, culture, geography, etc.). Ultimately, we don't know which explanations are true apart from their ability to account for and organize the evidence. <br />If some important factor has been left out of Diamond's account, that oversight would be reflected in an inability to explain the historical pattern -- but this book does not suffer from that inability.<br />Diamond's point is that one does not *need* tenuous (nevermind controversial) references to race, etc., to explain this historical pattern. You can do just fine by only using fairly uncontroversial evidence on geography, crop and livestock distribution, and other environmental factors Diamond employs. <br />In short, what are the minimal and least controversial assumptions we must make to explain this historical pattern? Diamond has a strong case that they are the ones in this book.
6303073107|5.0|This movie says more about the state of mankind than should be possible in so short a time.  It's a mystery and a kabuki stage play and a passionate piece of psychology you're forced to watch until the unforgettable  cathartic conclusion.  I don't want to give away plot, etc.  If you like  movies that make you think and remain with you after the credits, this is  for you.  There's no cursing or rampant sex...but the situations are  highly adult.  The VHS transfer isn't too pretty. Subtitled.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I got this c.d. for X-mas and it is amazing!  THey are soooo good!  I think it is a lot better then their first album. 1.Affirmation-it's really deep in meaning and has a pop sound to it. 2.Hold Me- A very good  song/ballad.  You'll be able to relate to it 3.I knew I loved you-I'm sure  you all heard this song by now.  It's a good song but not one of my  favorite. 4.The Best thing-This is a good love song.  It is a pop/dance  song.   5.Crash and Burn- This is starts out as a ballad then turns more  into pop.  This is one of my faves. 6.Chained to you-now this is a dance  song.  Very cool lyrics 7.The Animal Song-this song was on the radio last  spring.  It's pretty cool...feels like your in the jungle 8.The Lover after  me-another ballad and awesome lyrics 9. Two beds and a coffee machine- WOW!  This is the best song on the c.d.  The lyrics are sooo touching.  It's a  slow piano and light drum song.  It's about a wife w/kids getting beat up  by her husband but she can't leave. 10.You can still be free-this is a  light song.  It really relaxes you 11.Gunning down romance-This sounds like  an early 90's/80's song.  It's okay but not my fave 12. I don't know you  anymore-AWESOME!  It's just Darren Hays singing and playing piano. This is  one of my faves too! Overall-I like all of execpt 2 of the songs (#10,11).   The rest of them are purely awesome.  Lots of emotion.  I'm sooo happy I  have this c.d.
B00003BE32|5.0|Not a big Metallica fan I was intrigued by this release and bought the collection with the BONUS video...Well worth it!  the behind the scenes bonus video is interesting to say the least and the concert video is  stunning.  Maybe working with the symphony takes a little of the thrash  edge off these guys that has turned me off in the past, but regardless I  found this POWERFUL and very enjoyable.  Lets hope the DVD comes out soon.
630562285X|5.0|Great movie for anyone who likes the lure of criminal activities. One thing I'd like to clear up is the definition of anamorphic. One of the most confusing terms of DVD has to be the anamorphic 16x9 enhancement. DVD has  the capability to store a lot more image information than your regular TV  set can display, even though not all discs actually support this feature.  So called 16x9 anamorphic TV sets (so can computer monitors if you're using  a DVD-ROM) can use this additional information to create a higher  resolution image, resulting in a much sharper and more detailed picture.  Since 16x9 screens have a widescreen ratio themselves, they do not have to  bother about the black bars at the top and bottom of a widescreen movie and  can thus stretch the image to use the full height of the display. If your  TV does not support 16x9 enhancements, the movie will simply be displayed  in widescreen. Also anyone who is a Gillian Anderson (Scully from the  X-Files) fan I recommend the movie &quot;The Turning&quot;. If you like  Gillian you won't be disappointed. And be sure to get it on DVD for the  best quality picture.
6302732786|3.0|i want usiny on vido for usiny as imagin and   slid about  effect disease of mercury and zinc<br />   tank you
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This is a truly maginficent album, much better than TIDAL, and that's saying quite a lot.  It's unfortunate that Amazon only offers samples of the first five songs on the album -- it's the last five that are the best,  especally &quot;The Way Things Are&quot; and &quot;Get Gone.&quot;
0451191153|5.0|The Fountainhead is more than just a story, it goes beyond fiction.  The story is rich in symbolism, and anyone who enjoys intellectual stimulation will get more out of this book than any review will tell.  Rand gives quite  the eye-opening account of humanity.  A must read.
B00001SIES|5.0|everyone is going to say that they sound like radiohead, and this is partly true.  the vocals tend to be a bit 'thom-esque', the arrangements a bit 'ok/computer-esque' at times, but the important part is not who may or  may not be their influences.  the important part is that 'showbiz' is a  beautiful, heartfelt, and ambitious debut album by a group of guys who are  not even old enough to drink in america yet (they are all 20 yrs old if you  believe that!).  recommended!
B000035P7X|4.0|The best thing about the DVD version of &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; is the commentary. It puts a lot of things into perspective. But be aware that this is no restored film. The flaws, such as cracks in the negative, are  made even more visible by the clarity of DVD. And read carefully: The  full-length versions of the songs from the 1965 British tour are presented  here in &quot;audio&quot; only. The fact that there isn't a single  completed song in the film has always been a sore spot with me, but the  filmmaker talks about that on the commentary. All in all, a look at Bob  Dylan back in '65 is worth the time to any music fan. And this is currently  the best way to view it, despite the few flaws.
0446605409|1.0|As many DeMille readers I've started with The Gold Coast - a good entertainment with a few bows in a general direction of the real literature.<br />It's evident that the main reason for reading such fiction is  pure enjoyment and recreation - to live  somebody's life of danger and  seduce a few dream ladies, to experience something not readily attainable  in an everyday life.<br />The reader spends a couple of dozens hours in the  hero's shoes and pays for this with his pocket money, the author gets a few  month in a skin of his alter ego and the money to finance the next few  month of creativity.<br />Not everyone can write and sell the product. You  have to be eloquent and inventive, to flatter the reader not too obviously.  The jokes better be funny.<br />In Plum Island the trust is broken. The plot  is not credible, the main character repelling and reading his jokes (there  are at least 4 of them on every page) I had an urge to call him a jerk.<br />I  think Mr.DeMille had a good time killing the enemies and taking the ladies  to bed using the lean and bronzed body of his creature.<br />But it's not good  to make the readers pay for this. Even in a very escapist mood you can not  help noticing that Mr. DeMille's gratification spills from every page.<br />I  regret the money spent and if not for the long boring flight from New-York  to Moscow I'd never have finished the book.
B00002SWEM|5.0|What a beautiful, emotional, sensual &quot;musicamentary&quot;! The feel-good movie to beat them all. I had tears in my eyes almost from the opening credits - just from the beauty of it all. Any criticism of this  movie, and of the CDs produed before and after it, would be churlish. It  celebrates life, love, music, humility and grace. Get the DVD version,  listen/watch on good gear - it deserves it. The way the sound is produced -  how it cuts from a simple guitar and voice in the open air to a complete  surround sound experience in a concert - during the same song - is very,  very moving. For those who love music - and with this music all humanity  will love it. Beautiful, wonderful, loving and heartwarming.
B0000399WI|5.0|Excellent!   The actors are incredible, the story is both interesting and touching.  The story is about a man that never lets go of his dreams.  Tim Robbins plays the protagonist that forms a lasting friendship with Morgan  Freeman.  The chemistry between these two is amazing.  After this movie I  felt compelled to call my best friend to tell him how much I cared about  him.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I AM NOT A GREAT JAZZ FAN BUT THIS CD HAS BROUGHT ME INTO  THE JAZZ FIELD. THIS CD IS AWESOME AFTER LISTENING TO IT I ORDERED ANOTHER ONE BY HER AND AGAIN 5 STARS. I AM SO GLAD SHE HAS GOTTON A GRAMMY NOD SHE REALLY DOES  DESERVE IT.
B00000JZC4|5.0|&quot;Title Of Record&quot; is an awesome choice if you are a fan of various types of music besides hard rock. It is quite varied from &quot;Short Bus&quot; but keeps Richard Patrick's focus of making great  music at heart.   &quot;Title Of Record&quot; has a many sides to it.  &quot;Skinny&quot; shows you a softer side of the album while &quot;Welcome  To The Fold&quot; displays good use of edgy sounds. It bursts with energy  in &quot;Captain Bligh&quot; and &quot;The Best Things&quot; and takes you  into the intimate world of Richard Patrick in &quot;I'm Not The Only  One&quot; and &quot;Miss Blue&quot;.    Don't be fooled by the most  acoustic song of the album, &quot;Take a Picture&quot;. It is a special gem  all on its own. So buy this CD if you like more than just acoustic top 40  hits.
0446310786|5.0|As this book was an English class assignment I knew that it would be well written with a message.  It was.  Scout's literal,honest narration brought the effect across fully.
080013799X|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen; perhaps indeed the funniest.  The acting is superbly funny and entertaining, and as usual the Python troup plays virtually every character.  The jokes tc
B000021Y75|5.0|This movie had everything you could hope for in a suspense film. Action, romance, music, crazed psycho mob boss. Before seeing the film I wondered how 20 minutes of time could be played out in an 80 minute film. You have  to see it to understand it. My only complaint about the movie is some of  the translations. At one point Lola screams, &quot;Papa,&quot; and it's  translated as &quot;Wait!&quot; All in all a great movie. I recommend  everyone see it. It's even better if you know a little German, but that  doesn't matter too much. See it.
0767836286|3.0|The one thing holding this movie back is Tim Robbins and/or the way he's directed.  While Hope Davis and Jeff Bridges are both utterly convincing , Robbins as the villain is a joke.  He hams up every line, playing evil  instead of just trusting the script and the other actors.  It's almost as  if he spends the whole movie looking down his nose at it, instead of  investing himself in it.
B000002J03|5.0|No Zeppelin fan (new or old) should be without the Brown Bomber. Zeppelin II has much of the group's all time greates work-- Whole Lotta Love, the incredible, incomprehensible What is and What Should Never Be, and the  acoustic/electric Ramble On. John Bonham's powerful drumming is allowed to  take a spotlight on this album, and Bonzo still wows me with the raw  drumming power and perfect rhythm he shows in Moby Dick. This album HAS to  be any new Zeppelin fan's first or second-- buy it now, if you haven't  already.
B0000296SI|4.0|This was a great cd. But it will be a bid dissapointment if you are a TRUE blink fan. but for all you little kiddies who have only ben fans since &quot;whats my age agin?&quot; i would definetly say, BUY,BUY,BUY but for all the true blink fans I would stick with their truly best album, Dude  ranch.
0345409671|1.0|The best adjective I could use to sum up this book is &quot;boring.&quot; All of Anne's other Vampire Chronicles are wonderfully entertaining, but not &quot;Memnoch.&quot; It drones on and on with creation theories, about  200 pages of it. The only ok parts in it are when Daniel, Armand, Louis and  Marharet have cameos.
B000002KGT|5.0|This is the best Fleetwood Mac album ever. I've got no doubt. I listened this album many times and I like it more and more every audition. Congratulations for everybody form the band ( Lindsey Buckinghan, Stevie  Nicks, Mick Fleetwood, John McVie and the &quot;perfect&quot; Christine  McVie.) This is the Fleetwood Mac's Sgt. Pepper's, or the Fleetwood Mac's  Fragile (Yes), it's complete and lovely.
0553277472|5.0|I was wary of this book at first glance, I saw it in a used book store and figured, hell, it's only 50 cents.<br />I wouldn't take but enough to get a new one if anyone tried to buy it from me.<br />The Author tells of a cross  country trip with 2 friends and hs son, continually pondering life itself  and likening the human mind to a motorcycle, and how best to maintain  it.<br />Theres even an ironic ending that totally threw me back.<br />If you're  interested in Bhudism or have been studying it for a long time, this book  is easy to understand and the author provides the material in an easy to  follow format.
0151003084|5.0|Every page features the untimely demise of spoiled little rich brats, so you could interpret it as Gorey's form of class warfare.<br />The book was made into a poster, and every child should have the poster.  After all,  what are fiends for?  Check it out in Amazon auctions...
6302306485|2.0|The movie starts off well but degenerates badly once the characters arrive at earth. The beginning of the movie is also reminiscent (unfortuantely) of the early part of the first movie. In this movie, just substitute an alien  whale-lover for V'Ger.<br />There are some humorous moments here and there  once the crew returns to 20th-century Earth, but the movie is irreparably  marred by a thinly-veiled  and silly political agenda on the part the  movie's producers. It turns into an embarassing &quot;Save the whales&quot;  commercial.
B00000K31V|1.0|I rented this just because there was nothing left to rent, and I must say...I am surprised at how poorly the acting is in this movie. The whole movie was lacking and not very entertaining. I do not recomend this at all.
068484267X|5.0|I heard from my grandparents and aunts that this was a great book - normally the literature they recommend is so incredibly boring, I can't get past the first chapter.  But Angela's Ashes was different, it was a  page-turner, I had to pry the book literally out of my hands.  I always  wanted to read more &amp; more... I finished it in about a week.  I can't  wait to get started on `Tis!
0440219078|5.0|I was assigned an assignment: to read a newbery award book for a book report. My teacher gave it to me because she thought that I would love it. And I did. The Giver is a truly excellent  book and I recommend it to everyone that enjoys reading. (and even to others that don't). I have to admit there were  parts I did not understand at the begining of the book,  but did as I continued to read on. It is the kind of book that  just makes non-readers into people that just can't stop. As I  said I urge you to read it and hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
B000002HH2|3.0|this is a good disc, no doubt, but hardly worthly of the surfeit of accolades it has received.  post is a market product--made-for-the-rave material--calculated to be quirky and accessible at the same time. the idea  that bjork has boldly ventured into new territory (or even broken any new  ground) is absurd. if you're a fan you'll be satisfied by post, if not  you'll find yourself wondering what all the fuss is about (with good  reason).
B000031XCR|5.0|I rarely write a rewview anyways...i bought this cd about 2 weeks now and i listen to it alot. I love&quot;power of love&quot; and &quot;love can move mountain&quot; and the other old songs but the new songs are even more  amazing. If you really listen to her sing, the way she sings the songs make  you think how beautiful love &amp; life is  I had to admit it though it  would be nice to have some songs that doesnt always talk about love but  anyways this cd is really cool. I listen to all kinda of music when i am  feel like i want to listen to some slow music and relax ,i'll put this cd  on. Its hard these day to find anyone who can really SING  unlike IE:  Britney spears , spice girls etc.  Track 14 and 16 on this cd is the best,I  recommand this cd to everyone!
6300213803|5.0|This is easily the best of the six ST movies, with only ST VI coming close to it.<br />Excellent action and dialogue with some humorous moments mixed in. Ricardo Montalban reprises his role of Khan Noonian Singh from the episode  &quot;Space Seed&quot; and does a very good job. (Interestingly, in this  movie, Khan's full name is never mentioned. One can only assume that even  back in 1982, political correctness dictated that the film's producers not  give an evil villain such a clearly ethnic human name as &quot;Singh&quot;  for fear of reprisal in the form of some protest by members of that ethnic  group.)<br />Certainly, viewers who are familiar with &quot;Space Seed&quot;  will more readily understand this movie, but the movie itself does very  well as a stand-alone piece as well.
0380973464|5.0|And I loved it. There are hundreds of other reviews here, so I won't bore you by making comparisons to Pynchon, Heller, Sterling or even Irving. You should be able to tell from them if it's your cup of tea or not.
6304493681|2.0|This movie ain't all that. The animation is decent. The voices are nice. Semi-rent-worthy. Japan can do a lot better than this.
B000005HFH|5.0|I've never listened to a CD more than CHET BAKER SINGS. He touches evey emotion of the human spirit. His voice is unique and the arrangements are outstanding. Favorite song: I FALL IN LOVE TO EASILY.
B00000ADG2|4.0|What can I say the hasn't already been said? It's a pretty good album, but I took away one star because when Lauryn 'talks' in the background instead of sings it gets really annoying. (trust me, she does it a lot - especially  in Everything is Everything) We wanna her her SING, not TALK!  But buy it  anyway. To Zion is amazing.
6301543408|1.0|Easily the worst of the six movies, much worse than the first one. Stupid plot, very silly dialogue.<br />It is not true that only die-hard Trek fans can watch this movie. I am such a fan, and I will never watch it again.
0684843749|5.0|This book is an absolute must for anyone who is a bodybuilder at any level.  I am a person who does not usually like reading but I read this 800 page monster cover to cover, and constanlty find myself going back to it as  a reference.  Arnold does not talk much about supplements, but he does talk  about everything else from nutrition, vitamins, training schedules,  exercises, workouts, etc... This is the most complete book on bodybuilding  I have ever read and would recomended it highly
6303022901|5.0|Following the death of her mother, a young Chinese-American woman June (Wen), takes her place in the routine game of mahjongg - a tradition maintained by her late mother and her friends, who all came to America  seeking escape from the incredibly harsh life in turbulent China. She  learns what they went through not only there, but what they had to face in  adjusting to life in the U.S. And as each mother has had daughters, so we  also learn how they grew up as first-generation Americans - caught between  two wildly-different cultures, never quite fitting into either. There are  some six stories in all, with a linking subplot. You don't have to have  lived a similar life to enjoy this film, but it's not everyone's cup of  tea, being one of those movies that pulls more than once at your  heartstrings. And at times, it does tend to give the Chinese female  stereotype that you would only get in a Hollywood production. Having said  that, I enjoyed it immensely, and the wealth of acting talent and gripping  storyline are the main reasons why.
0812550757|5.0|'Speaker for the Dead' for me was the best story of the whole series; including Children of the Mind and Ender's Shadow.  Ender's family is simply amazing as written by Card.  Excellent.  This is truly story telling  at it's finest.
B00000J2KT|5.0|Full Metal Jacket is my favorite war movie. It is grittily realistic, has great acting and direction, and is quite well-done overall. Everyone in it is great - R. Lee Emrey is legendary as the drill sergeant at boot  camp.<br />The film is divided into two parts. The first takes place in boot  camp where marines are trained to fight in Vietnam. The second half is  actually in Vietnam. While some parts of the second half are underwhelming  compared to the first half, it really is just as good. It has many themes  in it, and is very realistic. Full Metal Jacket is awesome.
B00000K0EA|4.0|Now that all 3 of his Bond flicks have been released, I have to say that TOMORROW NEVER DIES is the best of Pierce Brosnan's 3 007 outings. The basic plot may be quite formulaic(it is little more than a remake of YOU  ONLY LIVE TWICE and THE SPY WHO LOVED ME)but the film itself is very well  presented. Roger Spottiswood provides slick direction and David Arnold's  music score proves him the series best composer since John Barry. I also  liked the romantic subplot involving Bond and his ex-flame(who just happens  to be the villain's wife) Paris, well played by Teri Hatcher. Miss Hatcher  sadly isn't given enough screen time but at least she has the honor of  being one of the 3 Bond girls that the cinematic 007  was ever in love  with(Tracy from ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE and Kara from THE LIVING  DAYLIGHTS being the other 2). While definitely a triumph of style over  substance, TOMORROW NEVER DIES more than delivers the goods as 2 hours of  diverting, escapist entertainment.
B00000JWVO|5.0|UNDER THE INSISTENCE OF THAT BRILLIANT ACTRESS ELAINE PAIGE I AM FINALLY WRITING A REVIEW. SHE IS SO THRILLED AT ALL THE POSITIVE NOTES EVERYONE HAS SAID HERE. IT IS A TREAT TO SEE HER RECREATE HER ROLE AS &quot;GRIZ&quot;  BUT I GUESS I AM LUCKY MEMORY WAS THE ONLY LULLABY I WANTED TO HERE AS A  KID. I WATCH THE VIDEO WHENEVER I MISS HER. IT HAS BECOME A PRT OF MY SOUL.   MOST PEOPLE ARE PROBABLY WONDERING WHY JOHN PARTRIDGE &quot;RTT&quot; SAID  F... YOU  TO HER... WELL I SAY IT WAS UNCALLED FOR FOR HIM TO BE SO RUDE  BUT MUMS DID COME IN A BIT TOO EARLY OVER ALL I THINK THE POSITIVE  ENFORCEMENT FROM EVERYONE IS SUPERB. EMAIL ME IF YOU WANT ANY INFO OR ETC  OR HOMEPAGES ABOUT ELAINE PAIGE.  I WILL RESPOND TO ALL.......JAMES
6304196938|5.0|This is probably my all time favorite movie.  Great plot twists, suspense, action, and humor.  Cary Grant is fabulous.  Watch it!
B000002NC4|5.0|For the past few months, this album has been rotating in my CD player and spinning like a drill into my fat head. How did I miss this band for so long? Dug Martsch is a master of both musical and lyrical visions. The  'songs' on this album are actually revolving themes which flow in and out  of each other seamlessly. And the lyrics are ruminations on the tangled  webs we weave, revolving around the central image of the sun as our giver  of life and our ultimate destroyer. And each song seems to be a facet of a  greater crystal, as happens frequently on great albums. In short, this is  truly a haunting masterpiece.
B000007T1M|5.0|Okay, okay, it's not the straight-ahead metal of, say, Slipknot (also an excellent metal album by the way). It's more a mix of speed metal and funk, but it's very, very good. The guitar is excellent, from the opening of  Suite-Pee all through the rest of the album. The band plays very tight. The  lyrics aren't too bad - the amazon review is ridiculous, I don't know  what's wrong with that guy. Serj's voice is quite interesting, and he often  sounds, in my opinion, liek Danny Elfman (from Oingo Boingo) but still very  different. To close, this is a great CD - oh, but don't get this one, get  the enhanced CD (has a red hand on the cover instead of a yellow one)  because it has the Sugar video and a really, really cool behind-the-scenes  multimedia thing.
B00002MZ12|3.0|Hi...I wouldn't really call myself an Alanis fan, but my lover is, and he had some insights that he wanted to share...<br />&gt;&gt; &quot;That I Would...&quot; justifies buying this album. &quot;Queen of Pain&quot; is  the bonus.  The Unplugged audience seems &quot;canned&quot; and seems to  have been enhanced during post-production, and this detracts from the  simulated &quot;live&quot; experience. (Listen for the tell-tale  &quot;WHOO-HOO&quot; at the end of each track.)  That's about it.  If you  like Alanis, buy it.  If you've never bought an album by Alanis, take a  &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; first. &lt;&lt;
0876855575|5.0|Favoring prose over poetry I am a big fan of Bukowski's novels. Although all of them, other than Pulp, are exceptionally good, Ham on Rye is by far his best work. Autobiographical and concentrating on his childhood it is  filled with a sense of sadness and wasted potential. Bukowski's prose has a  wonderfully stripped down, honest quality to it; almost an antidote to the  pretentious side of modernist writing. <br />As for Bukowski himself, he is  one of those writers who never got over the basic stupidity of everyday  life. His other novels are often a blurred cronology of odd jobs, troubled  women, and near suicidal benders. This one is a departure from that pattern  because it is about his childhood. Lets make one thing clear, Bukowski was  a tough, unhappy, Alcoholic who just wanted to be left alone and also  happened to be exceptionally talented at putting words together. He is an  excellent writer and should be given due respect but I have no interest in  reading work by other miserable drunks. Bukowski's writing works partially  because his brutal self deprication compliments his writing style. I  appreciate the fact that (in his novels) he avoids flights of fancy,  flowery elaboration, heroism, and adventure. As I read his work I am very  amused, saddened, and thankful I am not him. <br />This is a great book.
0790741164|5.0|I had forgotten that I have already reviewed JFK.  However, at the time I was a hard core conspiracy buff.  I probably watched this movie at least 15 times (just ask my wonderfully patient wife) for the sheer joy of the  conspiracy angle.  Well, folks, I am now convinced that LHO acted alone.   That's not relevant here, but if you want to e-mail me, I'll tell you why.   I still believe the movie is of very high caliber with a great cast.  I am  a fan of Mr. Stone and JFK does not disappoint.  I recommend it to anyone  who is interested in period work, but please don't take it at face value.   It is distorted and not very factual.  Do your own research.
6305609691|4.0|Apocalypse Now is a superb film. The cinematography is amazing and the acting and direction is great and very believable. It is also quite well-written. However, there's some things that are . . . well, it's hard  to explain.<br />The movie is about a soldier journeying through Vietnam by  boat to find a renegade officer. It's very good all the way through - but  the ending is very strange and there's a good chance you'll find yourself  asking &quot;what the hell just happened?&quot; It's very surreal and eerie  though, it really is a good ending, it's just - really weird. The movie is  pretty quickly paced, but at the end it slows down - a lot.<br />That's not to  say you shouldn't see it - in fact, you most definitely should, it's a  fantastic movie. However, you may want to rent it before purchasing it.  Even so, Apocalypse Now is, in my opinion one of the best war movies ever.
0786889284|3.0|This was my first Ridley Pearson, and I borrowed it. I can only rate it as OK, because the sub-plot with the kid, Emily, and Daphne was only average as plot exposition, at times a bit irritating. I don't rate it higher primarily because Mr. Pearson doesn't know the difference between the Army and the Air Force and didn't bother to find out. The Air Force has Security Police, not Military Police, and its criminal investigation element is called the Office of Special Investigations. The Criminal Investigation Division he wrote about refers to the US Army Criminal Investigation Command. He also wrote his base commander as an unknowing idiot, which didn't set well with this veteran (yes, some are idiots, but I don't want to read it in a mystery novel). How Lou handles Liz' health problems may cause me to pick up a sequel, but only if a friend loans it. I'm not inclined to buy it. Maybe if a loaned copy shows distinct improvement in writing--we'll see.
B000002U9E|5.0|I remember the first time I heard this disc coming from my brothers room in the mid 80's.  I thought it was, well, strange. One day when he wasn't home I slipped the disc in and listened to the whole album (on headphones)  for almost three hours straight. I don't think any album transports you  instantly into such a complex and magical world as this one. Every song is  beautifully crafted, sung and performed. The lyrics are perfect. I think it  could be one of the most seamless albums of all time.  There is just not  one uninspired moment to be found. I agree with everyone's review, the host  of five star reviews don't lie.  I am sure the two people who gave bad  reviews are happy dusting off their old Duran Duran albums as they  obviously just don't get it.
0446310786|5.0|this is a phenomenal book I love how Lee put it into a childs point of view. When i first read the book i couldn't but it down i recomend this book for teenagers and adults. i am a teenager and totally agree how Jem  felt because i am goin through that phase right now. this book is totally  awesome and i recomend it. it is on of my very favorites.
B000000H5K|5.0|Wow. Roots is a superb metal album - one of the 90s best, hands-down. There's not a whole lot to say that you probably haven't already heard; Roots mixes Sepultura's trademark metal crunch with some awesome tribal  chanting and rythms, courtesy of the Xavantes tribe. <br />All the songs are  superb, &quot;Roots Bloody Roots&quot; is one of the best opening sogns  ever, the rythm section is godlike on it. &quot;Cut-Throat&quot; is awesome  straight metal, &quot;Ratamahatta&quot; is different and possibly the best  track. All the songs are great, &quot;Jasco&quot; is an amazing guitar  interlude.<br />There is also a very long and quite cool hidden track. It's  very atmospheric. Roots is an album you have to have if you like rock.
6305308659|3.0|The effects were great, Witherspoon's and Joan Allen's performances were brilliant.  However, is there anything more annoying than a saintly person who has ALL the answers to ALL of life's mysteries?  That is what is  presented in this film in the main character.  The only time it has ever  worked was Yoda.  Excise his all-knowing, preachy goodness and you have a  great, incisive film.  His character lobs off a star and a half.
B00000IP2L|1.0|I bought this CD at the local music store while Christmas shopping, anxiously waiting to get back in my car to jam on the way home.  I snapped the CD in half before I even got home (15 mile drive).  No lie...this CD  sucks, period!  I was expecting the awesome sounds you hear on the Ozzy  CD's that Zack did...boy, was I disappointed!
B000000WFZ|5.0|This CD is without a doubt the most beautiful I have ever heard.  I am a movie buff, but I have never heard a soundtrack that just got down into my bones.  Gabriel's Oboe has a spiritual quality that can change your mood  and the atmosphere of a room.  It is wonderful. It is beautiful. It makes  you think and ponder the deep recesses of your own heart.  I never tire of  listening to it.
0783225903|5.0|This movie is unbelievable. This movie has what is, quite possibly, the coolest visual style ever. It is very strange and you can't stop watching . . . you really have to see it. It is at the same time dark and oppressive  and also bright and extravagant. <br />Brazil is one of those movies that you  can watch over and over again and never get tired of it. There's really not  a whole lot else to say. The basic story is a man feels trapped in an  oppresive future society until he discovers love and gets involved with  some radical terrorists. That's the story at it's most basic. See Brazil -  now!
B000031XCR|4.0|I have never owned a CD of Celine's until now.  I always loved her voice but disliked paying so much for a CD.  When I saw the list of song titles on this CD I knew I had to get it.  Many of her best songs are on this CD  so it gives me a great sample of all of her previous hits. <br />On another  note:  Those who criticize should learn to spell and brush up on their  grammar.  You know who you are...New York and Singapore.  Peace and  happiness to all in this new year!
B000001Y42|5.0|LIMP BIZKIT'S CD THREE DOLLAR BILL Y'ALL IS THE BEST RAP/ROCK CD AROUND. WITH A GREAT BEAT THAT WILL KEEP YOU GOING AND A REAL MEANING SO YOU CAN LAY BACK TO LISTEN TO THE WORDS. IF YOU BUY ONE ALBUM FOR A WHILE THIS IS  DEFINETLY IT!
B00000J7J4|3.0|Santana, a guitar legend as been in the music industry for over 30 years.  God bless him for finally getting the cash he deserves, but he knows he wouldn't of wanted to get it this way.  In one way or another he had to  sell himself to 20 years olds who grew up on nirvana to sing his songs.   Santana has played with greats, Mauvishnu, from fusion kings to salsa  greats.  Santana Knows where his heart lies...and it's not in this  recording.  It comes through on few tracks.  As for the record, yes there  are good decent tracks, but come on, it's not exactly santana.  Next he'll  be wrting techno.
B00000JGOH|4.0|This is the third half I've given in a row. Amazon, add half stars to the options, please!<br />Shakespeare in Love is a pretty good movie. The acting is good, everyone in it is quite impressive. The real gem here is the  screenplay, however. It is very clever and well-written. It manages to use  the language of the period (which I normally find sort of annoying and  stupid, sorry period lovers) and keeps it very watchable and funny. I liked  the dialogue a lot. The art direction, sets, costumes, etc. are also very  good.<br />The reason I give it a lower rating is because, considering all the  praise it received (not to mention a Best Picture award), I wasn't really  that impressed. I mean, it was a good movie, but . . . I don't know. Maybe  it's because I'm not a big fan of the genre (romantic comedy . . . is that  what it is? I'm not sure). This is a movie you should rent, and then buy if  you like it. It's a pretty good movie.
1569945136|5.0|The number of reviews for the printed versions of Frankenstein is overwhelming...read them to learn more about the story.  My review is of  the audio cassettes put out by Monterey Soundworks Audio Theatre series.  I  recently discovered these gems and they are AWESOME!  You are treated to  an extremely well written and beautifully performed dramatization of the  novel.  The acting and sound effects are utterly enthralling and succeed in  sucking you right into the action.  I am impressed with how they dealt with  some of the possible auditory limitations inherent in this piece.  For  example, in the novel, Dr. Frankenstein works in his laboratory ALONE.  Since their goal is to dramatize and not just read, how do they portray his  actions to a listener without relying upon extensive monologue?  They  seamlessly enlarge the role of a minor character and the dialogue between  him and the good doctor becomes the vehicle (and no, it's not Igor!).  Also, Ms. Shelley never went into great detail on the science or methods of  creating and re-animating the creature.  This adaptation does a good job of  filling in those details.<br />This is a top notch production and I urge you  to seek out this and Monterey's other titles if you can find  them!(Frankenstein ISBN #1569945136)  Great entertainment for the whole  family, at home or in the car.  If I can find more, I may never watch TV  again!
0385495315|5.0|This is the most interesting, and entertaining book; fiction, or non-fiction book that I've read in a long time.  I plowed through it in about 5 hours of reading across a couple days.  The blend of history,  technology, and narrative is excellent.  Even computer neophytes should  find the material fun to read and tractable.  The chapter on cracking  Enigma is simply fabulous.  It gives you a healthy respect for the  intellectual giants from whom we derive most anything related to the modern  computer.
B00000064G|5.0|I, too was shocked and amazed (and a little saddened)to hear Nick's Pink Moon used to shill for automobiles, and I can't help but wonder what people will make of this if they buy it because of the TV ad...this could most  accurately be described as &quot;uneasy listening&quot;, on a par with Neil  Young's &quot;Tonight's The Night&quot; and I would instead recommend  Bryter Layter for the uninitiated. However, this is my personal favorite  Drake LP, so yes, buy this one too, so you can discover what a very select  few have known for years...that Nick Drake was a major talent and the world  is a poorer place for his passing.
0783226837|5.0|If your looking for a piece of terror mixed in with some very funny black humor, this is the film for you. You will find this film funnier the more times you watch it. Fred Ward and Kevin Bacon are the best combination to  make this film the best comedy horror of the 90's.
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is a very compelling book, which kept my attention focused for hours with its many twists and turns. Jonas is a young man growing up in a futuristic society. Many moments of happiness occur, such as when Father  brings home Gabriel (new child) and when Jonas is able to get Gabriel to  sleep at night.  There are also moments of sadness, such as when Jonas  knows his &quot;duty&quot; and when he finds out what is meant by  &quot;releasing&quot; someone from the village.  On the day of the  &quot;Ceremony,&quot; Jonas has an anxious heart and then becomes fearful  that he is not good enough for an assignment and will be released.  Lowry  really can get to a person's heart with this book.  She makes the reader  think about what life is really about and how much it has to offer.  She  realizes what color and emotion do to a person.  Jonas gets to feel all  these emotions through the Giver when he becomes the Receiver.  He gets to  experience feelings that he has never felt before, and maybe you will too  after you read this book.   I would recommend this book to middle school  and high school readers. The reason I give this book only three stars is  because of doings in the book that are against my beliefs
B000000OUJ|5.0|&quot;When I was litte, my father was famous. He was the greatest Samurai in the empire, and he was the Shogun's decapitator. He cut off the heads of a 131 lords. It was a bad time for the empire...&quot;<br />With this intro,  spoken by a small child over husky, scratched strings, Genius/GZA explodes  onto what is possibly one of the finest albums in Wu-Tang's (and therefore  hip-hop's) collection. The keyboard loop on the title track builds tension  without releasing it, creating an (intentional) musical headache that GZA's  voice cures like a double dose of aspirin. The album only goes on from  there, with GZA and a few guests riding the dark horse of RZA's production  into the sunset. Possibly the peak of Wu-Tang, 'Liquid Swords' still stands  as one of the crown jewels of 90's hip-hop, still somewhat undiscovered as  it doesn't have the flashy attraction of the other cubic zirconia on record  store shelves.
0764110284|5.0|i think this book can help many students becouse same phrasal verb they aren't in the traditional vocabulary...many slang world!
0790729989|5.0|Simply put, &quot;Seven&quot; is the greatest movie of all time.  I've watched this movie over and over and over again, it doesn't get any better than this. It keeps you on the edge of your seat through out the whole  movie.  Just when you think there's a break in the action and suspense,  BAM!-- Something else happens that gets you on edge again.   &quot;Seven&quot; has a great, smart story with wonderful acting to back it  up.  This movie is far superior than &quot;Silence Of The Lambs&quot;.   Kevin Spacey does an excellent job of playing a psychotic killer, while  Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman shine brilliantly on the screen as detectives.
B000023VR6|3.0|You can't help but need to be blown away by Dr. Dre's next piece of work... The man's been locked away from the world with a few exceptions (lackluster collaborations, 1996's  this-album-is-so-bad-I-need-to-include-a-bomb-on-the-cover-to-warn-my-fans  'Aftermath'), now this better be good... is it?<br />Yes and no. The tight  play between the drum and the bass on 'The Watcher' mixed with Dre's voice  (and powerful lyrics) creates one of the best songs on the CD. 'Still  D.R.E.' rides an irritating but catchy hook throughout the same song, and  the first Eminem track 'What's the Difference' is made even better (from  the promo) byt the addition of an organ.<br />However, it's the year 2000, and  musical tastes have changed. Too bad Dr. Dre hasn't changed as much as I  had hoped. I'd expect him to match the musical audacity found in some of  the more interesting producers (Swizz Beats, DJ Premier, RZA, the Dust  Brothers) around today. Sadly, Dr. Dre delivers the expected and fails to  match the breakthrough that was 1992's 'The Chronic.' If you don't have  that album, buy it. If you do, don't expect anything exciting from 'Chronic  2001'. Maybe Dr. Dre will come out with another musical landmark with  'Chronic 2010' (or whatever is next).
B000002HAF|5.0|This album has to be the best Pixies album but with Doolittle and Trompe le Monde close behind the Pixies are a class act all the way!
0783221487|4.0|I had heard about this movie for some years before I actually saw it. I remember when it first came out back in the mid 1980s, when I was in Grade 4. At the time shops  were  selling  Dune pop up books, as well as activity  and colouring in books.<br />I finally saw Dune for the first time in 1998. I  have to admit, I would never have understood it if I hadn't read the book  first. How could you expect someone who hasn't read the book to know what a  Kwisatz Haderach is? David Lynch was quite brave to take on the task of  making a huge bestselling book into a movie. The film would still get a  negative response no matter who directed it.<br />There was something in the  movie that made me wonder if I had read the book properly. Baron Harkonnen  drinking the blood of his subjects. He rips a &quot;heart plug&quot; from a  young man's chest. I don't remember that happening in the book. The Baron's  first name is Vladamir, which is a Russian or Hungarian name. Did  Lynch  want to make the Baron a descendent of that Hungarian tyrant Vlad the  Impaler? <br />People who criticize this film tend to point out things like  bad acting, incoherence, or poor plotting. None of them yet have pointed  out the fact that people still speak our modern English in the year 10 191!  <br />I thought Kyle MacLachlan was a good choice for the part of Paul  Atreides. He looked like a would-be messiah. It was also Kyle's first  movie. David Lynch paid a lot of attention to details to try and get into  the atmosphere of the book. Even so, it looked different to how I imagined  it. Everyone has their own interpretation.<br />I give this film four stars  because of the production values, distant futurism, and inspired casting.  The plot is mostly there as well, you just have to understand the  terminology.
B000031WD9|1.0|because I thought this movie was terrible. I was disappointed to miss this in the theater and was really psyched to see in on video. Even the guy at the video store gave me a five-minute diatribe about this being the  funniest movie he's ever seen. I get home to watch it, anxiously awaiting  these side-splitting moments and... nothing. I waited the entire movie and  got nothing. The jokes were delivered with all the subtlety of a baseball  bat to the head, and it seems the producers were banking on the Internet  scene to drive their movie. They were obviously right, judging from the  number of glowing comments here. Besides that, I already knew most of the  big jokes from the previews, and the movie offered little elaboration on  the ideas. All in all, this movie is bad on a level previously reached by  200 Cigareetes.Don't waste your time or money.
B00000JCB3|5.0|when i got the first limp bizkit cd (3 dollar bill yall$) i thought it was the best cd i had.... That is, until i got significant other.I like just about every song on this album.You will not have wasted your hard earned  money on this cd. Allthoe the profanity takes up almost half of the song  break stuff, i think weve all had a day when we wanted to rip someones head  off. If you want to show your parents that Cds with  &quot;explicit&quot;lyrics dont really have too much profanity dont show  them significant other...show them enema of the state, another great cd.  Anyway, back to significant other. Just get it. if you dont like it sell  it, but i dont think you'll have a problem.
0380002930|5.0|I am 11 and I loved this book!  I think the author did a wonderful job of describing the scenary in the book.  I also thought it had good charactors and a creative plot.
6301969294|3.0|This movie adaptation of Ayn Rand's &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; does not do the power and beauty of the novel justice.  Although Rand wrote the screenplay herself, the important philosophical speeches are not as  eloquently presented in the movie as they are in the book. I felt like I  was being hit over the head with the heavy handed presentation of the  themes.  I was particulalrly disapointed in Gary Cooper's performance as  Howard Roark.  He just didn't do the character justice.  I found him much  too old for the role.   Overall it was worth watching, but not nearly as  fascinating or moving as the novel.
B000002MG1|5.0|Having been a long time REM fan, I did not think it was possible to improve on the raw beauty of Murmur or the baroque fantasy world that was Out Of Time, but this album will surely never be equalled.  If Everybody  Hurts doesn't send a shiver down your spine then you must be dead. From the  haunting Try Not To Breathe to the dreamy Nightswimming, music does not  come any better than this. My favourite REM song of all time is Find The  River. Put your headphones on, lie back, and let yourself drift away. This  album shows a group at the peak of its powers and whether you are an REM  fan or not, until you have this album in your collection, you will never  know just how incredible music can be.
B000001OAA|5.0|this C.D. is one of my favorites, if you listen to this C.D. and cannot help but to listen to it constantly you need a catscan. And Shirley Manson is at the top of my list on best looking celeb's. She has this look about  her that could drive any one nuts, And then when she sings you realize the  total package. Supervixen and Queer are definately  the best songs.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I'm new to Radiohead. The first CD I heard was The Bends, which blew me away, to say the least! Then I heard this one...wow! The whole thing is truly excellent, especially Lucky! Wow...
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I just love this cd, especially &quot;i knew i loved&quot; it has a great beat. It makes me think of someone special. Every song on this cd sounds really good!
0792156684|2.0|Ok, I watched this one right after the directors cut of Das Boot, yes that is over 6 hours nautical movie mayhem.  Really when you like the nazis better than doomed passengers there has to be something wrong.  This one  really failed the oh please! test.  Really the screenplay is at fault more  than anything else even medioce acters like this movie has seem embarassed  delivering some the the dialog.  It is a great way to show of your new  dolby home theatre system if not your taste in movies.  Home theatre sales  people should all be issued a copy of this one.  Hollywood doesnt seem to  be able to make an intelligent epic anymore, not that they were ever very  good at it.  Greatest movie of all time, I dont think so.  You want a vast  beatiful and tragic epic check out Lawrence of Arabia, also a multi-oscar  winning blockbuster.  It really make this look rather pathetic.  <br />My big  dream watching this one was to see that little das boot periscope slowly  turning toward the titanic....
B0000020C4|5.0|Of all the Les miz recordings, I liked this one best. It is truely the dream cast.......for most part. I loved everyone except the Thernardiers. Their voices were quite flat and though funny, Les Miserables is not  supposed to portray humour. It's a musical of sorrow and depression. Judy  Kuhn is the best Cosette I've heard so far, she is the only one who does  not sound like a squeaking mouse or an immature child. And she is pretty  good at reaching those high notes. Lea Salonga is, hands down, THE Eponine!  Her &quot;On My Own&quot; is nothing like I've ever heard before, she's got  the most beautifull voice in the world. Many people complain that her  bitter voice does not go well with Eponine's character, but it is powerfull  and she sounds just like a damsell in distress with a broken heart. Maybe  that's just me, but she is perfect. Gavroche and young Cosette are really  cute, I have always been amazed how a little kid could sing so good.  Michael Ball is awsome for Marius, I can't imagine anyone else playing the  part. Javert is also really good, and so is Fantine. Though her voice  sounds a bit shrill at times, it is nearly as strong as Lea's, and I like  her British accent. So if you have to choose one Les Miz sound track,  choose this one. It has everything a fan could want. (Though I do wish they  included the lyrics!)
B00000064G|5.0|Stunning. Haunting. Stark. Emotional. Beautiful. Sad. Words just don't do it justice. Nick's plaintive singing &amp; woody guitar sounds blend into one wistful voice as they're laid bare by the no-frills production  sound.<br />Strangely enough I don't recommend this album to someone who's new  to Nick. Instead do what I did: buy the one-CD compilation &quot;Way to  Blue&quot;, be stunned speechless, then rush out and buy the 4-CD set  &quot;Fruit Tree&quot; which collects all of his studio recordings. And  then give &quot;Way to Blue&quot; to someone you like--to keep the chain  going!<br />And while you're at it, look for the import CD with a bunch of his  early home recordings (mine's called &quot;Tanworth-in-Arden&quot;--but  only after you've bought all his official CDs!
B00000IOSU|5.0|Whether or not you are a big fan of Sarah McLachlan, &quot;Mirrorball&quot; deserves a space on every music lover's rack.  It is one of the best live recordings I have ever heard and it sets the perfect  mood for kicking back late at night after the party's over.  It's just as  good for driving or chilling out (think &quot;August and Everything  After&quot; by the Counting Crows) -- just don't listen to it too many  times in the day because it can get depressing.  Although McLachlan's  &quot;The Freedom Sessions&quot; (1995) is definitely much more intimate  and haunting (especially the piano version of &quot;Hold On&quot;), I  believe &quot;Mirrorball&quot; is still a great buy.  If only to hear the  live version of &quot;Possession,&quot; go get it!  It's a rare treat when  a recording artist sounds better and is even more captivating live than in  the studio.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Although I liked Tidal, I was somewhat skeptical that Fiona Apple would be able to turn out another good album without repeating herself.  But WOW -- did she ever.  Her songwriting is much more consistent, and her  (unbelievably) powerful voice is really showcased well.  The whole record  is briliantly produced, too.  There's a terrific balance between the vocal  and instrumental passages in each of the songs.  (A Jewel album this is  not.)<br />If you hated Tidal, you'll probably hate this album, too.  But if  you're a Fiona fan who's afraid that When the Pawn... could be a letdown,  let me assure you that you will not be disappointed.
B000002L7Y|5.0|I had this actual record album when I was about 6 or 7 and I absolutely loved it.  A-Ha's music is very unique, yet has the similar sounds that distinguish 80's music from the rest. It is an awesome album (aka good  driving music for you who love to blast music in your car) and I highly  recommend it if you are looking to add to your 80s collection.
0451196716|5.0|I read this book about 10 years ago. Since then, whenever I go on a hike I can't help but think of this book. How long would I last, I wonder to myself, if I were a character in The Long Walk? It's that sort of book. It  remains in your brain long long after you finish reading it. And the plot  keeps you turning the pages until dawn is breaking and your eyes are  bleeding and you've finally finished reading it. But from the other reviews  here, I guess you already knew that :) The only reason you may not want to  get this edition is that it was originally published with three other  novellae (I think the compilation was called Four Past Midnight... can't be  sure though). It could be that a paperback edition of 4PM would be the same  price as this one, and you'd get to read the other three stories too. (Mind  you, this story is the best of the four).
630280082X|5.0|Although I've been playing guitar long befor I saw this movie, after watching it I took on a whole new corse of action.  Since the first time, I have started to play the blues and even picked up on the harp. Watching  this movie made me wish I were alive in the days when it all started.  This  movie will take you back the the roots of blues and show you what it's all  about. The best thing of all, even if you don't play any instrument, you  will LOVE this flick. Without any doubt, the duel at the end certainly made  this my favorite, all time, number one, best movie out there.
B00003OSSM|4.0|&quot;Random Hearts&quot; is a mesmerizing movie.  I have always been a great fan of both Ford and Scott Thomas, and this film did not leave me disappointed.  I was very impressed at how Scott Thomas managed to downplay  her English sophistication and become the &quot;tough-as-nails&quot;  American Congresswoman Kay Chandler.  This role proves that she is indeed a  very versatile actress.  Ford has become sexier with time!  His role as  Dutch Van Den Broeck in &quot;Random Hearts&quot; showcases a more  sensitive side of the seasoned actor.  It is truly  refreshing to watch!   Sydney Pollack has wonderful directorial vision, and that fact is evident  in a great deal of the scenes in this movie.<br />&quot;Random Hearts&quot;  allows the moviegoer to face the darkness of desperation and to come away  with the sense that there is light at the end of the tunnel.
6304082428|4.0|I enjoyed this version of Pride and Prejudice a great deal, but it suffers from the common BBC failing of protraying every excruciating detail of the book (plus a few created by the director) until the last 15 minutes, when  it seems to realize that time is almost up.  Nearly two chapters of  Elizabeth and Darcy are condensed into less than five minutes.  A lot of  wonderful dialogue is left out, such as the part where Lizzie asks Darcy  how he began to fall in love with her.  Several extraneous scenes, such as  Darcy's swim in the pond (in my opinion, entirely out of character), could  have been omitted, and more time given to what Austen wrote.  <br />Overall,  the casting was appropriate; I enjoyed the performances of the leads.  It  did seem, however, that most of the extraneous scenes involving Firth, such  as the bathtub scene, the fencing, and the swim, were added to exploit his  sex appeal and had little to do with the development of the plot.  Although  this is a fun film, it has some weaknesses as an adaptation.  <br />I would  have preferred to rate it at about 3 1/2, but decided it was closer to a  four than a three.  It is a charming, beautifully produced film, but I  could not watch it often.  It does not capture the spirit of Austen's novel  as well as some other recent Austen adaptations have.
0316920045|5.0|this has to be the funniest most interesting piece of writing since patchen's journal of albion moonlight---don't get me wrong, i love gass and can suffer through delillo (joyce and pynchon are the obvious comparisons,  but they're so old---(Salinger? Salinger? that i just don't see at all) and  really dfw doesn't suffer for them) but this is a really beautiful piece of   contemporary brain work--- his voice alone makes his shorter stuff worth  reading but at this length his absolute insanity shines through--- nice to  see contemporary lit finally catch up with contemporary art (dennis cooper,  for all his understanding, just can't write).
B00000ILDE|3.0|I just think that the original had a lot more suspense than this sequel. This is an ok movie but I was less terrified of this one than the first one. I also think that the actors in the original were more believable in  their parts. I just believe this movie to be overrated. Of course that is  my own personal opinion. I have seen many movies in my life and I know what  scares me and what doesn't. The first ALIEN remains THE BEST. I thank you.
B000009EOR|5.0|With classics like &quot;Rock &amp; Roll All Nite&quot; , &quot;Detroit Rock City&quot; , &quot;Love Gun&quot; and &quot;Shout It Out Loud&quot; this CD is packed with pure KISS style. The bonus is four songs not  available on any other USA release. These four were all written by Paul  Stanley (co-writer on three of the songs). The tunes are &quot;I'm A Legend  Tonight&quot; , &quot;Down On Yor Knees&quot; , &quot;Nowhere To Run&quot;  and &quot;Partners In Crime&quot;. I must add that my review is not  partial, I am a die-hard KISS fan!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Well, that just about does it!  This &quot;Pawn&quot; record is so amazing that it makes me feel like I've wasted my money on the 50 other CDs I bought last year.  Fiona Apple is the true stuff.  She has really got it  going on.  Her lyrics make you shiver and her music makes you feel like you  missed your calling in life.  Truly phenomenal songwriting and  musicianship.  If you buy one record this year, let it be this one twice!   One for your FRIENDS that I know you are going to let borrow and one for  YOU when you realize it's just not worth the time apart.
0452273331|5.0|The Fountianhead is an awe-inspiring novel. It's confusing throughout and quite disturbing; however, the resulting realizations are worth every troubled thought. The Fountianhead is worth reading: whether you hate it or  you love it will not matter. It's inexplicable in words, the theme is  somewhere in one's heart.
0764004301|5.0|I saw this movie in 1986.  I was about fourteen, tagging along with my mother on one of her business trips and bored in the hotel room.  Mom rented this for me on the hotel's pay per view, and I spent a very  enjoyable afternoon enthralled with it.  I identified immediately with the  heroine: cute, nerdy chick with plenty of unsuspected spunk.  She has to  take out her retainer to kiss the hero!  And the hero (sigh) my idea of an  ideal boyfriend at the time: blue collar sexy with a sensitive streak.     Very cool movie!
0446525537|4.0|What a wonderful and compassionate novel!  Once again Mr. Sparks, you have amazed me.  The story line is very different from Mr. Sparks' other two novels, and yet, just as compelling.  It reminds each of us about love and  the importance of kindness to all.  Anyone who is looking for a  well-written and enjoyable novel, I strongly recommend A Walk to Remember.
0783228317|1.0|I've never seen anything as repulsive as this.  It is supposedly a gonzo, drug-induced, stream of consciousness romp through Las Vegas involving 2 dysfunctionally stoned and crazed individuals.   It is a waste of time,  altogether missing whatever mark it set.  If you must see it, do so on an  empty stomach.  One reluctant star for the authentic 1971 look of the film.
B00000K3CM|5.0|I used to watch this movie all the day when I was a kid. Kevin McCallister takes a wrong plane to New York when his family is going to Florida. In New York he meets the thieves from the previous movie. They have decided to rob  a toy store but Kevin builds traps for the burglars
B00001ZWTS|2.0|Great wardrobe, cool sunglasses and colorful  period costumes.  Interesting special effects and authentic sets.  Clearly, big budget. It is unfortunate that so much money was spent on such an inane (and occasionally  offensive) screenplay.  There is some serious cognitive dissonance in  combining mass murder and comedy.  They must have handed a blank check to  Kevin Kline for his involvement.  One star for the lavish production and  effects and one star for the performances of Smith and Kline.  They work  well together and seem to have a good chemistry.  It would be nice to see  them together in a film worthy of their talent.
B00002MZ4W|1.0|Sorry I'm not the average American music fan who is impressed with pseudo talents.  Is she a black soul singer or just trying to be one who cops a style to be viewed as a real talent.  Bought the first album and tired of  it quickly.  This apple chick is about as deep as a parking lot puddle  whether or not her album title is 90 words long.
0451169514|2.0|I am a huge fan of Stephen King, but as far as I'm concerned, he dropped the ball on this one.  Don't get me wrong; this book is as scary and atmospheric as anything he has written.  Most of it is very good, and the  length did not bother me until I got to the end.  The payoff, where what  &quot;IT&quot; is is revealed, was so lame and unconvincing (I won't say  what it turned out to be, but it was an old, tired horror-movie cliche)  that I was completely turned off.  I couldn't help feeling that King spent  most of the time he was writing this book with absolutely no idea what the  mysterious monster was going to be.  That's why the book starts out so  well; as long as the mystery remains, it is a gripping, scary story.  But  when the time came to reveal the monster, I can't help but feel that King  just couldn't come up with anything, so he threw together a slapdash ending  and stuck it on the book to meet his deadline.  a MAJOR disappointment.
B000002MT0|5.0|This may be the most under rated album of all time.  I have listened to this album 100's of times and turned countless friends on to it.  We can not understand why it is so overlooked, but on the other hand the Artist himself may be among the most overlooked geniuses of all time.
0425129616|4.0|This is Poirot's first case and Christie's debut as a mystery writer.  It is an auspicious start to a brilliant career for both the author and her creation.  It's a bit over-ambitious; the young Christie was heavy-handed  with the clues in this one, and while the ending is a surprise, the last  section of the book is just a bit too long for the ending to have quite the  impact that Christie would achieve in later works.  This is perhaps the  only Christie book about which one can say there are &quot;too many  clues;&quot; it is nonetheless an astounding achievement for a first-time  author.  And, of course, any fan of Poirot will want to read the case that  &quot;started it all.&quot;
0399142851|1.0|A big headache,this book has no plausible plot,no story and the way the theme is handled is really  pathetic.Patricia tries to do ala Robin cook but she is not even 1% successful.Avoid this book at any cost, or read it at your own headache.
B0000025IE|3.0|When I realized that Halford was singing all of his songs to men,  it disturbed me. Ugghh... Rob Halford is breaking the law in more ways than one.
B00001NFCY|5.0|No duds here... This Release is Fantastic / and the Lyrics are GREAT... And from listening to a Live Concert, Here are 4 great Artists.... MY GOD What a Sound !
B00000IAU3|4.0|I bought this album because &quot;Here With Me&quot; isn't on single.  It's the theme song to &quot;Roswell&quot; and I couldn't get it out of my head.  On a whole the cd is very good.  It's obvious Dido has a R&amp;B  background.  &quot;Here With Me&quot; is intensely passionate, the vocals  incredible.  Also, &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; stands out as a very sassy  message.  Vocally it is very sweet and melodious with a mean-spirited,  'who's-sorry-now' message a la Natalie Merchant's &quot;Jealousy.&quot;   Can't be enough songs like that.  Why there are no single or radio plays is  baffling.  Clearly that's where Dido need s to be.  An hour with this CD is  time well spent.
0671027344|5.0|The Perks of Being A Wallflower will touch anyone who reads it. Charlie is a insightful, lovable,character, and his letters profound. This book is one not soon forgotten.
B00000J7S8|5.0|in a sea of divas, her laid back style actually stands out. a respite from all that wailing...and i love the double entendre on \\"popsicle toes\\"!
B00001YXH5|5.0|&quot;Quidam&quot; is a awe inspiring journey through the eyes of a young girl. I loved every minute of it!
B00000064G|5.0|About 10 years ago I read that Robert Smith of The Cure liked Nick Drake; since I found that I shared similar musical tastes with Robert I decided to give Nick's box set a try.  I was glad I did, I liked all the recordings,  particularly the stripped down album Pink Moon and my favorite of all was  the title track.  Then about a week ago I see a VW commercial and they're  playing Pink Moon, and now it's on the home page of Amazon!  What's next,  the Grammys recognize it?   Great Artist.
0449227545|1.0|Follett showed such incredible ability in the Pillars of the Earth and is so incredible disappointing in  Hammer of Eden.  It appears he wrote this book for a one hour movie of the week.  So sad.
0790731002|2.0|Disturbed by the box office &quot;failure&quot; of Batman Returns (which still managed to barely squeak out a miserable 280+ million worldwide), Warner Brothers decided to take the Batman movies in a new direction -  right into a trash heap. To help fulfill this dream, WB brought on Joel  Schumacher, who wasted no time in making the series safe for its McAudience  by stripping the movies of nearly everything that made Mr. Burton's entries  so special: the intelligence, self exploration, character development,  adult-oriented dialoge, seriousness and dignity of the Batman  mythos.<br />Although the movie never quite reaches the unwatchable depths of  the 4th entry, one gets the feeling it's not for lack of trying. Tommy Lee  Jones is wasted as Two-Face, a character who very well could've been the  most fascinating and complex villian in the series. Instead, Schumacher and  the script writer, play him as a shallow, one-dimensional, over the top  gangster. This would be bad enough in itself, but paired with Jim Carrey's  over the top Riddler, the effect grows old very quickly. <br />Val Kilmer  actually aquits himself quite well, at least as Batman. His Bruce Wayne  persona leaves a bit to be desired, but in all honesty, he is not the one  to shoulder the blame. With better direction (and a better script), Kilmer  could've make a great Wayne/Batman. The same can be applied for nearly all  the actors in this movie, in their respective roles. Michael Gough as  Alfred proves himself to be a wonderful actor, once again, and easily turns  in the best performance.   <br />The visuals are decent at times, but a  significant step down from stylish and beautiful sets and effects of the  first two films. Danny Elfman is sorely missed. His score for Batman  Returns was exceptional, though even his help would've done little to save  this movie. <br />The movie is not without some bright moments though (and  thus the 2 star rating). The inital scenes under the big top cirucs (theintroduction of Robin) are actually suspenseful and decently directed.  And  in one of the few (if only) excellent scenes of the movie, a homage to  producer Tim Burton is thrown in (&quot;Dr. Burton&quot;). <br />All in all,  if you were put off by &quot;the darkness&quot; of either of the first two  films, then you might consider checking this one out. Otherwise, a  completely forgettable and missable film. Get the Burton entries, and leave  this one on the shelf where it belongs.
B000002J23|4.0|Hmmm. What to say to remain objective? It would be easy to overlook or dismiss this album. But that would be a grave mistake. Former Buggles men Geoff Downes and Trevor Horn are immensely talented. And to be fair, in the  absence of Anderson and Wakeman, who on Earth else would YOU have picked?  If Wakeman is the most capable Yes keyboardist, then I believe Geoff Downes  is breathing down his neck in close second place. He has proven to be a  very fine songwriter in Asia, and Trevor Horn has produced some of the best  albums in popular music. Enough preamble; what's this album like? It is  fresh, exciting and er, DRAMATIC. The opening track &quot;Machine  Messiah&quot; features some of the most agressive and capable playing of  veteran Yesmen Howe, Squire and White PERIOD. This entire album is a  tour-de-force for bassist Chris Squire. His performances have to heard to  be believed. Guitarist Howe plays with assurance and passion and points the  way to his stint in Asia. &quot;Machine Messiah&quot; is almost a  curtain-call tribute to the genre of progressive rock. But as we all know,  Jurassic Rock would rise again and again... and again. &quot;Does It Really  Happen?&quot; shows that Yes can play psuedo-funk and &quot;Tempus  Fugit&quot; is either a bookend to the FIRST career of Yes, or a gateway.  You decide.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I am from Chicago, when Walter Payton died they played the song &quot;Will you remember me&quot; and it really stuck in my head.  They showed all of his highlights and home movies while playing this song.  His wife and  daughter were crying.  This really moved me so I bought this cd.  Everytime  I hear that song I think of Walter Payton.  What a great man.
B000002J1I|2.0|After the triumph of &quot;GOING FOR THE ONE&quot;, the only way to go was down. Now don't get me wrong, there ARE some very good moments on this album. But even the band members themselves have admitted this was a  troubled project. Tormato is, curiously, one of the most dated-sounding Yes  albums, with a slightly dry and flat production sound. Chris Squire tampers  with his bass sound, with not always successful results. Rick Wakeman's  keyboards though are dynamic and to the fore. One of the best tracks is the  rather fun &quot;Arriving UFO&quot;, on which Wakeman seems to be enjoying  himself. Other highlights are the love ballad &quot;Onward&quot;, an  atypical Yes song, and the ecological rally cry of &quot;Don't Kill The  Whale&quot;, which was years ahead of its time. The writing was on the wall  for Yes. Where could they go, and what could they do next? Tune in next  review for some Drama...
B000031WD9|5.0|I saw the movie today in Germany. I laughed (like most of the people in the cinema) nearly everytime in the movie. It was really great, tomorrow I will buy my own version. It is worth it...
B00000J7S8|4.0|Having followed Diana Krall's career through most of her albums I really enjoyed this one.  Lush arrangements (due in part to the influence of Johnny Mandel on several tracks)...great to listen to on a cold night, by  the fire, with someone you care about.  There is, however, a stupid editing  &quot;glitch&quot; on the first track (Let's Face the Music and Dance)at  around 3:26-3:30 (so while there's music ... or is it moonlight?).  Do I  regret buying the CD?  Absolutely not! Overall, I love it.
0446605409|5.0|From the very first sentence this book grabs you and doesen't let go.  DeMilles first person writing style gets you into the mind of the hero.  John Corey a wise-cracking homicide detective convelsing on Long Island. He  is paid a visit by a Friend who happens to be the Chief of police in the  quiet Town in which John is staying and asks for his help in solving a  double murder of two biologists that work on Plum Island the governments  top secret lab so dangerous it is housed on a island.  I don't want to give  it away but this book is the best i've ever read.
6304795254|5.0|Watch this flawless masterpeice and treasure it the first time. just like they said in the movie:<br />-I wish I could do it all over again<br />-Where as I was blind now I can see. THIS STATEMENT perfectly describes the movies  ending. There's some hidden stuff in the movie. Watch it and listen  carefully.
B000002BUY|5.0|If you pay any attention to popular music these days, you have to have noticed Incubus by now.  In their first studio ranked LP, the band combines a unique blend of funk and metal, to yield a most excellent album.   Everything from jazzy, funky tracks like nine and eleven to the hard-core  in-your-face guitar riffs on tracks four and five make S.C.I.E.N.C.E. a  must have.  Can't say there's a bad song on the whole cd!  Oh yeah, and  make sure you listen to the hidden track-pretty crazy stuff!   ;-&gt;
B0000025H6|5.0|I am a huge Pink Floyd fan. Pink Floyd is my favorite band of all time, and this ablbum is the best they had ever done.  The Wall is my personal favorite for the most awesome group ever to grace the stage!
B00000JHAU|5.0|You are going to adore Belle and Sebastian!   I heard this album in a friend's car and I immediately knew it would become one of my favorite albums of all time, right up with Love's &quot;Forever Changes,&quot; Left  Banke's &quot;There's Gonna be a Storm,&quot; David Sylvians's  &quot;Secrets of the Beehive,&quot; and Nick Drake's &quot;Five Leaves  Left.&quot;  I swore off &quot;current&quot; music because I didn't think  anyone could do what the musicians above did.  I was happily humbled  listening to this album.
0446525537|5.0|Nicholas Sparks' book, A Walk to Remember, was one of the best books I have ever read.  From the very beginning the book pulls you in and you can't escape until the last sentence is read.  Nicholas Sparks wrote this  book so well that while you are reading, you feel like you know these  characters.  You are able to relate with every emotion the two characters  have.  When they laugh, you laugh, when they cry, you cry.   I highly  recommend &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; to anyone who is looking for a  touching romance that moves you so much that within the short duration of  finishing it, you've emptied a box of tissues.
B000005HFH|5.0|When I first started listening to jazz music 9 years ago, this quickly became my favorite. Now, 9 years later, with even more broad and experienced tastes in music, this is still my favorite.  Chet's trumpet  playing is understated, beautiful, and perfect. I recommend his renditions  of &quot;Time after Time&quot; and &quot;Like Someone in Love.&quot;
0446525537|5.0|A very emotional and moving story of love, and dedication to ones hearts' feelings. Never once losing the feeling of the North Carolina settings.I could not contain my emotions. This is a very powerful story of a love  tested and tried, but never weakened. I have not had emotions brought out  from a book such as this in many years.
B000001E18|4.0|The first U2 album that deserves the label &quot;techno,&quot; more in its themes than in its music.  This album presages the rock-techno merger of the mid-90s, as epitomized by Radiohead's &quot;OK Computer.&quot;  A  soaring crescendo of mind-expanding sound pours forth from tracks such as  &quot;Zooropa&quot; and &quot;Some Days are Better Than Others,&quot; while  &quot;The First Time&quot; and &quot;Stay (Faraway, So Close!)&quot; are  post-modern descendants of classic &quot;Joshua Tree&quot;-era ballads.   <br />The argument that &quot;Zooropa&quot; is a &quot;slight&quot; album  cannot be maintained after several listenings.  While &quot;Daddy's Gonna  Pay For Your Crashed Car&quot; may appear, at first, to be a throwaway, it  is, in fact, steeped in deep psychological pathos.  &quot;Daddy&quot;  reaffirms Bono's lyrical genius  -- &quot;You've got a head full of  traffic/ You're a siren's song.&quot;  Save for a couple of minor flaws,  &quot;Zooropa&quot; is one of the complete rock experiences of the 90s.
6303567126|1.0|I can't believe a movie so full of sex, drugs, and rock n' roll can be so incredibly boring.  Despite some fleeting moments of beautiful camera work and a good performance by Leonardo DiCaprio, this film has no redeeming qualities.  DiCaprio is a pretty good actor but I was so sick of old Jim's  whining.  When I remembered that he lived to write about it, I watched the  rest of the movie in fast-forward.  I couldn't tolerate much more, but I  wanted to make sure that I wouldn't miss anything.  I didn't.  If you want  to see a truly entertaining movie about the horrors of heroin, skip The  Basketball Diaries and check out Trainspotting.  Now that's a good picture  with junkies you can really feel for.
0385474547|2.0|I just read it for the class, and I thought it had some good points, but the story wasn't that amazing.  I understand all the points of it, because I have to analyze it so much and write this huge report from many different  angles: review the book, write Achebe's life story, write Nigerian history  story, etc.  I believe, the main point of the novel is explained in the  title: &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot;, where Okonkwo was famous, strong, and  wealthy (he had 3 wives!), but by the end, he becomes just a regular, even  lower than that.  I've read better books, but since I had to do it for the  class, it wasn't that bad. By the way, we're relating this to &quot;Oedipus  The King&quot; by Sophocles, in a way of ancient Greek tragic heroes, and  how Okonkwo compares to Oedipus.  Another book you can relate to is  &quot;Metamorphosis&quot; by Franz Kafka, where Gregor sacrifices himself  for others for truly no reason whatsover (Kafka was actually explaining the  sacrifice to God metaphorically).  Those are the books that we deeply  analyzed this semester, and now it all comes together in this report.  My  teacher -- Mrs. Richter at MEHS.
6305546789|5.0|It's a classic! It is a real good horror movie! I'm 10 years old, and my Mom doesn't want me to see it. But it was on TV, and she said OK. I recorded it. I loved it! I didn't want to see &quot;Friday the 13th&quot;  Because from the reviews, it's just a rip-off, because parmount wants to do  better! My favorite scene is when Jamie Lee Curtis stabs Michael Myers with  a sowing needle! This has to be a horror classic! Just like,  &quot;Phycho&quot; &quot;Child's Play&quot; &quot;I know what you did last  summer&quot;, and &quot;scream&quot;. So sit back, and scream on Halloween  night!
B0000024ZC|4.0|i meant me. this is currently my favorite giant disc though they're almost all great. not saccharine like some other prog bands (love them too). wise in the ways of dissonance, angular riffing, challengingly melodic and just  plain beautiful sometimes too, especially when kerry sings. ridiculous too  but still impressive
B00001QEE2|3.0|This title does not give viewers a choice between standard and letterboxed formats.  You are stuck with the black bars on the top and bottom of the screen.  While it is nice to see the movie as originally intended, the  picture is too small on my TV to enjoy.<br />I have a 27&quot; TV and  letterboxing can make it look like I'm watching a 13&quot; picture.  I  bought a fairly large TV to see a larger picture, not two big black  bars.<br />The extra money paid for DVD players and digital discs should  afford viewers a choice.
0671015206|2.0|The Millionaire Next Door comes across as a decent book that does not attempt to fool its readers in get quick rich scheme, yet at the same time provides implications that violate scientific inquiry.<br />If all you are  desiring is to describe the \\"typical\\" millionaire than this book may be of  interest to you. If, instead, you read this book in finding out \\"how you  too can be a millionaire\\" than you'll be (or should be)  disappointed.<br />Cause and effect are debased in this book. By living  frugal, having devoted relationships to children, having certain beliefs,  etc. the authors would like to imply that being a millionaire is well  within your reach. This ascertain can be verified if by studying all people  we determine that only frugal people become millionaires and millionaires  are the only frugal people on earth. If millionaires are the only people  who have devoted relationships to children and the rest of  \\"us\\" do not,  than the authors can start claiming cause and effect.  If the rest of \\"us\\";  however, are also frugal (or at least a good portion of us) and we have not  become millionaires, than cause and effect can be thrown out the window.  One part of this book that is distressing is how it conveys the message  that those who are wealthy have the \\"merit\\" to be wealthy, and those who  are not have character flaws. This ignores realities of structural  barriers, sociological influences etc. Yep, this book best belongs in pop  psychology books or People Magazine. For a serious study of wealth in  America I'd go someplace else.
B000001F76|5.0|I never was a big fan of country music until I heard Hank Williams in the background of &quot;The Last Picture Show&quot;. This prompted me to buy this double CD and once I listened I was hooked. I never heard such  honesty, happiness, sorrow, and real life drama layed out so beautifully in  any music genre. Hank sang from experience and the heart. He was a true  cowboy and I can listen to his wonderful music all day. No matter who you  are, there is a Hank Williams song that you can relate to and will touch  your heart. I can't recommend this highly enough, Hank deserves every star  in the universe for these masterpieces.
079284131X|5.0|This was an excellent horror movie. The story line was good, and the special effects were also good. Alex Vincent did an excellent acting job, especially for someone so young. 5 stars!
B000002OG8|4.0|One of my favorite Ash album but I hold their second album Pilgrimage for the best.
0380973464|5.0|Describing Snow Crash and Diamond Age to friends, I called Neal Stephenson the Carl Hiaasen of sci-fi... he was that much fun to read.  This is even better.  In Cryptonomicon, Stephenson's wonderful digressions (how to eat  Cap'n Crunch... my god! I can now prove to my wife that I am not the only  person (nerd?) who could write an ISO 9000 procedure for breakfast) make  the book.  I nominate Stephenson to be an honorary Southern author, based  on his digressions.  T.R. Pearson would be proud!  The descriptions of the  start-up mind-set and all that goes along with made me want to go out and  do it again. The only problem: it ended and ended too fast.   I can't wait  for the next in the series.
0060977493|5.0|Set in Kerala during the late 1960s when communism rattled the age-old caste system, The God of Small Things begins with the funeral of young Sophie Mol, the cousin of the novel's protagonists Rahel and her fraternal  twin brother, Estha. In a circuitous and suspense--filled narrative, it is  a story of decadence of a family with a hoary past, trapped in a time  bubble (the time on the painted face of child Rahel's watch always reads  \\"ten to two\\"). The bubble is tossed like a yo-yo by the great surge of  events, ready to burst any moment. Nevertheless this steady, mechanical and  almost pre-ordained process of withering, stirs up great passions, with its  attendant ironies and pathos. In the end, we have a classic with a tragic  grandeur, albeit of small things! \\"A story is a simple way of presenting a  complex world and in my book I have tried to create a complete world  carefully with craft and detail,\\" clarifies Arundhati Roy, the author while  talking to mediapersons.<br /> Things unfold in the Ayemenem House, now  mossy, soaky and dusty, but once the symbol of pride for the Syrian  Christian clan. Here, the characters inch towards their doomed destinies.  Things culminate with the arrival of Sophie Mol with her mother Margaret  Kochamma, to visit her `biological father,' Chacko. A stealthy jaunt,  masterminded by her cousins Estha and Rahel, climaxes in her death by  drowning. This incident, alongwith the exposed rendezvous of Ammu, the  divorced daughter of the house with an low caste menial, lets loose all  kinds of passions, rage, trickery and madness. Expulsions, separations and  deaths follow, turning the place to a phantom of its old glory.<br /> The  old house had a fatal attraction about it. Every character returned there  -- defeated, deserted and drained by the big, bad world, where they had  dispersed earlier. The parallel here is all too discernible to miss -- of  the returning Malayalees from their \\"unhappy\\" working places in the  Gulf.<br /> But once back to Ayemenem House, the characters are trapped --  just like the small bird in the Plymouth, which, unable to find a way out  of the car, dies there. All these, seen through the innocent eyes of Estha  and Rahel, give a coat of freshness to the narrative. The children's  perspective, apart from the overdose of similes and contrived usages,  sustain the readers' interests in the small things Lenin, the young son of  communist schemer K N M Pillai, for instance, is described as `dressed like  a taxi' because of his yellow shirt and black pants. Arundhati Roy's super  sensitive antenna catches all the tiny details of her landscape -- and the  thick, wet Kerala countryside has plenty to offer. The `farting slush' does  not escape her, nor does the `funnel cap' created by mosquitoes over  people's heads.<br /> It is not the story element of The God of Small  Things that is its strong point, but the language. The language  characterised by a strange cadence -- plenty of capitals, joined words and  phrases, pranky childish distortions -- supports the jerky unfolding of the  story. The narration too is not linear but moves back and forth in time,  each chapter briefly touching upon what has gone before or what is in  store. These techniques pervade the whole story, even in describing the  poignant moments like Ammu's cremation, Estha's separation from his mother  and his witnessing the police interrogation. \\"My thoughts and language are  the same things,\\" says Arundhati Roy in an interview. \\"The book is not  based on research, but is about some very raw, private things. It is more  about human biology than human history ---- our nature is capable of  extreme brutality, extreme love,\\" she adds. As she rightly said, The God of  Small Things was `a work of instinct.' She was not searching for a story,  `the narrative and the structure slowly revealed itself and the book was  written `sentence by sentence.' Therefore, the reader realises very soon  that he can't skip over passages: every sentence has to be read and reread  to get the flavour of her prose.<br />----------------ver passages: every sentence has to be read and reread  to get the flavour of her prose.<br />----------------
0385484518|5.0|My mother died of cancer last year and could not deal with it at all, even up to her last lucid moments. If she had been able to read this book it may have articulated for her some of her feelings and fears and made the whole  journey easier for all of us.  The story is an inspiring lesson in  living and highlights values we should all embrace.
0553108034|5.0|A Clash of Kings is one of the best fantasy stories I have ever read.  It incorperates enough reality to make it believable even with the dragons, giants, and dire wolves.  A fact which made it impossible to put this book  down.  George R. Martin put an extrodinary amount of detail into A Clash of  Kings and A Game of Thrones which made me feel like I knew all the  characters and was actually in the story.  The only things that have  dissapointed me about the two volumes of A Song of Ice and Fire is that  they had an end.  I can't wait for another one to be written.
B000001FLA|5.0|This was the second Yngwie album that I purchased, and is one of my favorites. Good songs, plenty of neo-classical shredding on here. Two instrumentals, and they are Crying and Trilogy Suite Opus 5. Excellent. Trilogy Suite is one of my favorites, up there with Asylum and Blitzkrieg from Alchemy, the latest from Yngwie. From Trilogy, my favorites are as follows: 1. Trilogy Suite Opus 5 2.Fury 3.Crying 4. Dark Ages 5. You Don't Remember, I'll Never Forget. Nine songs, one word: AWESOME!
6304801335|5.0|New York detective John McClane (Bruce Willis)visits his estranged wife Hollie gennero (Bonnie Bedelia)at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.But,later on in the day a group of terrorists seize control of the  40 story high office building and start rounding up hostages,McClane slips  away unoticed.Armed with his service revolver he starts making it very  useful.In the mean time,terrorist leader Hans Gruber (Alan Rickman)starts  to plan how to get the 6,000$ bere bonds locked inside the plaza's vault  and how much time they have.This is a very good movie and it's filled with  suprizes,humor,and action!
B000021XS0|2.0|Well, this is quite a disappointing attempt at a concept album for Dream Theater.  While the musicanship is, as always, excellent, none of the songs can really stand on their own.  The story line is really too simplistic.   There is a little twist at the end but not too much else happens.  I've  seen this compared to Queensryche's Operation Mindcrime (the only concept  album I actually like) but it doesn't even come close as far as the story  line goes.  Dream Theater should probably stick to single song albums such  as Awake until they can write a decent story.
B00001OH1S|5.0|If you haven't yet seen this smart, sexy, funny thrill ride of a movie yet, SEE IT! And if you have, and you loved it as much as I did, get the soundtrack! While watching the film, I kept thinking, &quot;this music is  fantastic! I hope there's a soundtrack!&quot; And I was not disappointed  when I purchased the CD. All of the great music from the film is here,  including the sensuous &quot;Everything&quot; from Wasis Diop, Nina  Simone's &quot;Sinnerman,&quot; with it's charging rhythms, the remake of  &quot;Windmills...&quot; by Sting, and Bill Conti's understated,  intelligent score, which would be considered fine music even on its own.  Who would have thought that a soundtrack could so completely compliment a  wonderful film?
1558908382|3.0|Grosse Pointe Blank is an unusual movie.  A professional hitman returns to his hometown to &quot;do a job&quot; and, while he's there, attend his 10 year highschool reunion.  John Cusack plays the role well, charming and  remarkably likeable, despite his profession.  This &quot;dark comedy&quot;  is very clever, and I rate it as one my favorite 90's films.<br />Too bad  the DVD isn't up to par.  It has next to zero extras.  But even that could  be passable if the picture was good.  First of all, the movie is  non-anamorphic.  That doesn't make a difference unless you have a 16x9  television, it'll look the same on a regular tv, it's just a pet peeve of  mine.  But, the transfer we did get is just pathetic; it looks like a (bad)  laser disc transfer.  The picture is grainy, and there are some definite  compression artifacts to been seen.<br />Bottom line: this DVD is worth  buying for the movie, no doubt... and since this is the only version  available, it's this or nothing.  Just don't expect a really terrific  picture.
B000002J1C|4.0|With The Yes Album, Yes started to really develop their unique music.<br />The album contains the legendary Starship Trooper - maybe the band's first epic and along with the crispy opener Yours Is No Disgrace  and the amazing I've Seen All Good People the best tracks on this CD...  which, however, sounds a lot better, more charming and more authentic on  good ol' original vinyl!<br />To get started with Yes, The Yes Album would  not be a bad choice at all!
0792838912|3.0|As a dirty movie, God, does this thing deliver.  There's an over top sexaul encounter staged about every ten minutes or so, and they're all shot like shampoo commercials, with lots of soft light and sensual music.  You'll be so caught up in watching it that the iniatial nature of the  relationship being protrayed won't bother you until the end of the film.   Then you'll begin to wonder: should this kind of sadism be so erotic and  glamourous?  Should this kind of disrespect to women be so enjoyable to  watch?
B00002Z88D|5.0|I thought this album brought together two types of music from different ends of the spectrum so they blended together beautifully.  I'm a classical flutist, yet I really enjoyed the sound of Metallica--especially when set  against the sound of the San Fransisco Symphony.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This CD brings a new meaning to the word music. It's a delightful blend of two drastically different styles that works wonderfully. It's an explosion of sound. Any Metallica fan will not be dissapointed and those who enjoy  something different, I recommend this album to you. The CD booklet is  gorgeous, which is always a bonus.
0446525537|4.0|Nicholas Sparks has written another book that is enjoyable and nice. He doesn't rely on coarse language or graphic scenes to make the story. He doesn't need to, the stories stand on their own. In this particular one he  explores the awkward world of teenage love and friendship. It is a  beautiful story, about how a young man comes into his own and finds a  wonderful love. As in The Notebook, the tale is bittersweet, but not as far  fetched as Message in a Bottle was. This is a most enjoyable book to read  and is well worth sharing with a friend.
B000002H97|5.0|This is my favorite Metallica album. It's one of those albums that just has more than the usual couple of hits, it's hit after hit. Of course, as in all Metallica albums, the songs are not mere 2 minute pieces, but actual  lenghty masterpieces that just rock hard. They are one of the very few rock  bands that understand music and make it bend and pound under their  commands. And of course, Hetfield's voice is strong and viscous...just the  way I like it.
B000002UR7|5.0|&quot;... and i could never run away from you.&quot;  so undoubtably true are the lyrics that thom sputters out on this one, although this is the rawest of the radiohead albums it gives a wonderful foundation for what is  to come.  and i was amazed from the start... it wasn't until i had first  plopped in this album that i knew what radiohead could do to me... the  lyrics shattered the walls of my soul, they made them cracked and broken...  and for sometime afterwards i could not go to bed without listening to this  album, it had some sort of lullaby within the depression.  like a second  layer to it all, thom seemed as if he was singing to me and for awhile  radiohead was the only band that i listened to.  for i felt as if only thom  yorke knew that truths of this world.<br />the lyrics of this album are well  written and well sung... the aucostics of this album are wonderful, and if  i were to be able to see radiohead live i would want to hear a lot of  tracks off of pablo honey.  i am not too sure if they have come too far  since this album, i know that people understand them a bit more but that is  because this was meant to be just a blueprint for what was to come.<br />i do  not have a favorite radiohead, i could argue them all.  but that is because  they are truly the sun and moon and stars in my life... they are so  talented and continue to bring brilliant music into the world.  i will  forever listen to the horrid and disturbing truths that thom utters... and  i will forever crave more.<br />my favorite track is... &quot;thinking of  you&quot; because it is so true...
0316548189|1.0|For anyone who really wants to know the truth about the seperate development (Apartheid) concepts of the previous South African government, this is definately not the book to read.  If you want to learn more about  the man Mandela from the point of view of the millions so called oppressed  people in South Africa, then this is it.  It gives a very subjective view  of the situation as it was at that time in history, but describes the man  Mandela as the world sees and expects to see him - the smiling saviour of  the South African Black people.  The fact that he wanted to achieve his  goals with terrorism and crime and that people still suffer today, after  the creation of the so called democratic South Africa, because of his  legacy of violence is discussed nowhere in this book.
B00003W8NM|5.0|First off, let me just say for the record that I can understand why some people would not like this movie. I can't relate to this but I can understand it. This film presents very frightning ideas to the American  culture. And that idea is freedom in its purist form. Don't buy into all  these little groups harping on the violence (only one person dies in fight  club, how many people died in Dogma? I never heard anyone complain about  that) or that this is a male movie about how men have been broken down by  women blah, blah, blah....Because the film has male charecters as its  central focus it predictably falls under the blade of the feminst groups.  Yet if this had starred female charecters (remember the flack Thelma &amp;  Louise got?) then the reaction would have been the reverse. This film is  not about male/female but us as a whole and what we have allowed ourselves  to become. Shallow consumers who buy things we don't need and occupy  ourselves with useless issues. Think of all the amasing things we could  achinve if we re-focused our energy away from shopping at the Gap and  conentrated on say, health care issue, or cancer research. This presents  another dilema in our culture where we glom issues on one or the other  instead of on us as a collective. Americans have become a society where we  work to buy. To make ourselves feel better and more justified for working  hours in jobs that we hate or just go through the motions of, we spend that  hard earned $ and fill the holes in our lives with useless junk as proof  that we exist. Not so much to impress others but to impress ourselves. The  hollow numb moments are easier to deal with if we own a nice expensive car  to look at. Get over it. The car you just spent $50K on is still going in  the same direction as the $5k car. To work, to 7-11 and back home. The  expensive italian leather couch your setting on? Well, you're just setting  on it like any other Lazy-boy and watching the same mindless TV. We are not  what we own. Like American Beauty, this film puts the viewer under the  magnifying glass and turns the discomfort onto us through the charecters.  We have all felt and thought the same things these people have. But the  difference, and this is the real frightning aspect, is that in reality we  are too afraid to change. It's sad that only fictional charecters can be  brave enough to trancend. Change hurts. Change is fear and unkown. We have  no great wars in our generation. We have no great depression. Our war is  with ourselves......our great depression is our lives.....
B000002HJA|4.0|Kyuss are a mighty fine band. Or at least were. It's a pity that they broke up due to poor album sales. Oh well. The fact remains that &quot;Circus&quot; is not only their last, but most well rounded and  accessible album. While &quot;Sky Valley&quot; is more musically  consistant, &quot;Circus&quot; features shorter, snappier songs that are  single ideas as opposed to Sky Valleys continuous feel. Sometimes you just  want to hear quick song bursts like Hurricane or One Inch Man instead of 15  minute long &quot;programs&quot;. The Songs are all good to varying degrees  with the aformentioned pair being the best in my opinion, along with track  5 (I can't recall the name). You can't go wrong with this one. Strongly  reccomended.
6300270424|5.0|Sure it's dated and has far from perfect cinamatography. Big deal...it's the great Zeppelin flying overhead!     I saw the movie in a theater in Nashville, TN. when I was 15. The lines were so long at the midnight  showings, and it was cold outside - but we were true Led-Heads. When they  started to play the movie, everyone screamed for them to turn it up (they  did!). The place was reekin' anna rockin'! I didn't see anybody leave  early.   I still watch my VHS copy, even though I've seen it so many times  it's about worn out. So, it's time to pick up the DVD version.   Check out  Peter Grant laying down the law to the rip-off artists at MSG. Peter is one  of the reasons that Zep was so successful. He's MY kind of manager!   Get  the video. Put it LOUD. Be happy.
0393314804|5.0|One of the best books ever written.  It ranked number 10 on best books ever written on a survey I saw.  I loved this from start to finish.  The way it juggles perspectives and you really get inside the characters heads.   You learn to despise them and love them, yet you're entertained by them  all.  This book blew the movie out of the water.  I wish I had three thumbs  so I could give more than just two.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Clerks is the best movie ever made. It may be in black in white but it is so funny. I have watched it a ton of times. THis version includes the cut scences and also the alternate ending. It a a great deal. Also try mall  rats collecectors edition.BEZERKER
B00002EPMF|5.0|This is a must buy if you are into progressive metal.  It is a little more aggressive than most bands playing this style.  Production is amazing with complete clarity.  Song writing is extremely diverse and well written.Also  check out the last 4 Death albums.
6304011431|1.0|Powder is movie about a teenager who power to do tricks and things like like that. This movie has no story what so ever. I rented this movie before I looked this up on Amazon.com, but I checked it up to write this review.  Please don't waste your movie and go by something that you won't be  dissapointed in.
052594527X|5.0|Chevalier is one of those writers that can make you pray for rainy Saturdays, just so you can have the pleasure of sinking into the sofa with her book and a blanket. Girl With a Pearl Earring is as rich and intriguing  as its namesake.  Griet is a lovely narrator, young and vibrant with a  wonderfully curious dispostion.  Chevalier captures the essence of the  painting in Griet, a girl at once naive and honest yet possessing a clear  and often cold acceptance of her fate that betrays her station in life.
0790742942|4.0|This movie was really funny and the make-up was excellent. Specail effects where the best and a Michael Keaon was a shear geniues
0805047905|5.0|I babysit children and one of my two year old little girls brought this book from home one day and she had memorized every line of the book.  She absolutely loves this book and so do I after she showed it to me.  It's one  that I added to my childrens book collection. It has wonderful  illustrations.
B000000LZV|5.0|there's not a whole lot i can add to mfish's review, except to say that the minutemen compare to the velvet underground in terms of their influence and lack of mainsteam recognition.  this work in particular demonstrates  why the minutemen are still revered--simple in concept, brilliant in  execution, it wraps an entire era into it's scope with a deftness, honesty  and roots rock punch that few artists ever approach.  the glowing reviews  written here by their listeners are more than just fan worship--the  minutemen never pandered to their audience or critics.
B000000OU0|5.0|I was not an Eagles fan before this album, therefore, I was not fortunate enough to see them on this tour.  With this album, though, you don't need to.  Many of their classic hits are on this disc, only in better fashion.   Despite accusations regarding their reunion, this CD is a great  introduction to the Eagles and their music.  Standout tracks include:  &quot;Wasted Time&quot;, &quot;Pretty Maids All in a Row&quot;; &quot;The  Last Resort&quot;, and &quot;Desperado&quot;.  The arrangement and sound on  this album will not disappoint, as it will turn anyone into an Eagles fan.
0679720200|5.0|The stranger is a book made to be read more than once.  Although it was written simply, the underlying substance is utterly compelling.  Read it over once again and you'll see.
B00000J7J4|5.0|When the word got out that Santana was releasing a new collection of music, I went straight to a retailer to get it. This man brings out into the public arena  his rare and beautiful talent to make a guitar sing to  your soul. I have been a follower of this man and his talent for many a  decade. The music world should appreciate his talent with music and the  ability to set aside our personal and polictical arenas and use music to  sooth our minds and souls. I applaude this man and his God given talents  and thank him for his inspiration to keep on trucking to reach the ultimate  of our abilities and maybe find something new within ourselves.  I hope  Santana and friends win all awards that they are nominated for. But, awards  or no awards I know that Santana will keep enjoying what he does best and  that is to entertain and enlighten us all.
B00003000M|5.0|Greetings in the name of the most high . To start, this is  what we all needed to stop and be aware of what is really happening around us today. To hear Bob's message delivered in an up to date hip hop version was  wonderfull. There are those that are still not socially concious of what is  really going on around us today . For the true purpose of Bob's message was  to make us aware of where we are , where we are going, and where we came  from . To hear Busta , help deliver this message was wonderfull. The  purpose of the message was to make us all aware, of the fact that we are  here for a short time, and we all have a purpose . Nuff respect to you  stephen , for bringing the message of your father to us all . Being a  father myself, I can only hope and pray to the almighty that the messages  that , I leave  my children , will be with them after I am no longer here .  Nuffff Respect .
0780622545|5.0|People who say that the story has holes are absolutely right. In fact, I have noticed every single one of them.   But all those people who keep drawing attention to the lack of logic in the script miss the whole point.   This movie is an experience like no other. Watching it, one feels like  watching someone's nightmare ( and how often do we get a chance to do  that?).  And, of course, just like any dream the movie sometimes makes  little sense. But dreams are not supposed to be perfectly logical!   LOGICAL OR NOT, THE MOVIE ALWAYS WORKS ON A PSYCHOLOGICAL LEVEL. THE IMAGES  ARE ABSOLUTELY UNFORGETTABLE. THIS MOVIE IS IMAGINATION IN ITS PURE FORM.  EVERY FRAME IS A PROOF OF THAT.
0425107469|5.0|Watchers by Dean Koontz is te best book that I have ever read and that is the truth.  Since reading Watchers I have read many other Koontz books (which have also been superb) but none of them were as great as Watchers.   The plot cannot be criticized and the characters are loveable.  Einstein  was a superb character.  The relationship between Nora and Travis was  fantastic.  The way all four of the main human characters (Nora, Travis,  Vince and Lem) were brought together due to Einstein was superbly done.   This is the best book ever!   Even the Outsider character was superbly  done.  As brutal and violent as it is you still have to feel sorry for it.   There are no words fit enough to describe how superb this book really is.
0451160916|5.0|I thought that The Shining was a very good while at the same time a vert scary book.Stephen King at his BEST!
B000002NIW|5.0|Around The Fur is a true classic. One of those few albums that continue to get better as time progresses. A rare feat indeed for any band.  The  Deftones show an incredible amount of range in their music. Which is very  evident on Around The Fur. This album is nothing short of brilliant. With  its unabashed mixture of their signature moody yet abrasive sensibilities  along with their own underlying use of pop subtlely. Which is not suprising  Massive Attack. Around The Fur hits on all levels. From the venomous lOTION  to the melancholy of mASCARA with lyrics that prove down right frightening.  Yet when fused with its music come off as disturbingly soothing. The  centerpiece of this album though is the beautiful serenity of bE QUIET AND  DRIVE (Far Away) which focuses on all the dynamics that graces this blessed  five piece. From Steph's, Abe's, and Chi's graceful musicianship to Frank's  (although not on this song is on others) ambient djing skills. Which is  ultimately accented by Chino's yearning vocals. Other hi-lites include mX,  dAI THE FLU among many others. While ADRENALINE and AROUND THE FUR are both  masterpieces in their own right. Around The Fur is more explosive in its  delivery of its music right from the start (i.e. mY OWN SUMMER.) While  Adrenaline is more implosive (i.e. bIRTHMARK.) Nonetheless, I bare witness  each album will get in you and become an undeniable part of your life. The  Deftones are an indeed a very special band. Which need not be compared to  others because in my highly biased opinion they are none. Much Love. Kacin.
630562285X|5.0|Two of the sexiest (and talented) people in the world wrapped up one of the best &quot;edge of your seat&quot; movies I've seen.  This one will keep you guessing right up to the last minute of the film.  I ordered this  movie 5 minutes after I finished watching it.  Rent it to watch - then -  buy it !   I know you'll want to see it again.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Ok I've read alot of reviews in this forum that say that this is not a good album. Just because there is a pop song on this album that Rob Thomas sang to (which is good by the way), doesn't mean that Santana is heading  for a life of 'popdom'. I've always thought a good sign of an artist is one  who can be diverse and play with anyone. Carlos Santana has proven this.  Whatever you call this music,- rock'n'roll, pop, or world music etc. it is  great. My favorite songs on the album are Love of My Life, Africa Bamba, El  Farol, and Primavera. Santana definately deserves praise for the  contribution he has made to American and Latino music.
B000001FCB|5.0|This is spiritual music that takes me to depths of love and peace that I long for every day. The piece &quot;Aguas de Marco&quot; puts a smile on my face every time I hear it. Thank you Elis and Tom!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|THIS CD ROCKS THIS EARTH WE LIVE ON! I LOVED NO.5
B000002MG1|5.0|I own 16 REM CD's, 3 books and 4 videos and nothing, nothing tops Automatic. This is there finest hour!
B00000251N|5.0|A friend just gave me this cd as a New Year's gift. I was so wonderfully surprised, that i still cannot listen to any other of my cd's. It really takes me back to a few decades ago, and the music seems as fresh as back  then. Wonderfully composed and played, showing a surprising balance and  smoothness. The true meaning of musical landscapes, while at the same time  looking inwards...
0441172717|5.0|I am always looking for good books, and so I look for reviewed books at Amazon, and browse through the comments in order to select what to read. This one is highly recommended, so I bought, and...<br />It is great! This  dates from the 60's (past century) and is way better than the most known  dessert planet with Jedi Knights.<br />When I bought the book, I was reading  Lord of the Rings (I know what I did was heresy) but I read some ten pages  of Dune, out of curiosity... And I was hooked! I have finished books one  and two, and I am still around page 200 of Lord of the Rings, ouch!<br />In  short, I must also highly recommend this book to those who like Sci-Fi  mixed with Fantasy.
B000031WD8|5.0|The funniest movie I have ever seen!  Unrated is nothing special, but it is still funny as hell.
079073320X|5.0|If you are a science fiction fan then this is the movie for you.  If you aren`t then you will still find parts of this movie interesting.  It brings up issues that we are faced with today.  The most evident in the movie  being that of a belief in God.  It is three hours long, but when you are  sitting down and the movie comes to an end I can guarantee you that you  will want to play it again.
B00000119Z|4.0|Tomorrow was a late-60s British psychedelic pop/rock group that featured &quot;Excerpt From a Teenage Opera&quot; singer Keith West and future stars Steve Howe (Yes, Asia, et al) and Twink (Pink Fairies, Pretty Things,  etc.). While they weren't doing anything particulary original with their  chosen style - their lone album is basically a blend of Syd Barrett-era  Pink Floyd and late 60s Beatles - they did what they did extremely well. No  psychedelia fan should be without copies of &quot;My White Bicycle&quot;  and &quot;Real Life Permanent Dream.&quot;
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD is wonderful! It has some fast songs and some slow songs. Also this CD has more good songs than Savage Garden's self titled original CD. Some of the best songs are &quot;Affirmation&quot; , &quot;I knew I loved  you&quot;, and &quot;The Animal Song&quot;. With the old Savage Garden  style. This should be a hit for all pop or Savage Garden fans.
B0000399WI|5.0|I just bought the dvd and i watched the movie for the very first time. I must say that the movie was incredible.  The characters are unforgettable.  This is the type of movie that stays with you after you have watched it.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Worst CD ever. All you hear is people yelling! I can't even understand what they are saying...or yelling rather. Believe me, this CD ain't worth your hard-earned money.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This Cd is Excellent. Nothing bad about it. My  favorite songs are &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; &quot;Other Side&quot; &quot;Parallel Universe&quot; &quot;Get On Top&quot;. There is one more thing I have to  say buy this and you will &quot;Get On Top&quot;.         See Ya!
B00000HYSN|5.0|Each new album by the Bonnie Billy seems to be the best, this is no exception. All beautiful songs, all somewhat melancholy, if not darkly humorous. The title song and the absolutely amazing &quot;raining in  darling&quot; are two of the most touching in the history of music,  &quot;madeline-mary&quot; and &quot;death to everyone&quot; two of the most  fun. The rest, &quot;black&quot;, &quot;nomadic revery (all around)&quot;,  &quot;a minor place&quot;, &quot;another day full of dread&quot;,  &quot;knockturne&quot;, &quot;today i was an evil one&quot; and &quot;song  for the new breed&quot; all sound great. Vintage Oldham in constant  progress, his output doesn't seem likely to dry up in the near future as he  always seems to have a trick up his sleeve. Can't wait for 'ode music ep'  and 'guarapero - lost blues ii' to be released, respectively, in january  and february 2000.
0783229526|5.0|Terry Gilliam has to be my favorite director of all time (Plus he did those crazy animations in Monty Python's Flying Circus! Weeeeeeeee! ) and THIS has to be my favorite movie of all time!   I read the book and loved  it, then I found out that they were making a movie directed byyyyyyyy:  TERRY GILLIAM! It takes the exact words from the book and hardly changes a  thing!  Everytime I watch a movie based on a book, its always a  disappointment.  But this time, it wasn't!  The movie's visuals were  great!  Great acting by Johnny D. and the rest of the cast!  It even has a  short semi-hidden appearance of Hunter S. Thompson the writter of the book!   This movie was crazy!  5 stars all the way!
0425107469|5.0|I had never read Koontz before.  All I knew was that he enjoyed something of a reputation as a &quot;horror&quot; author.  All I knew about this book was that it was vaguely &quot;about a dog&quot;.  You can get more detail  from the synopses and other reviews.  All I'll say is that for lack of  anything else new to read on a Sunday afternoon I picked this book up from  a shelf in the garage, where it had lain ignored since someone whose tastes  I don't particularly share had given it to me weeks before.  To my delight  and wonder, I did not -- COULD not -- put this book down and read it in one  sitting through the afternoon and into the evening, oblivious to all else  except the wonderful story and characters that were unfolding before my  eyes.  The best book I've ever read?  Who knows.  But I got my wife started  on it the very next day, and I'll recommend it without reservation to  anyone who loves animals, likes people, has a passion for life, and enjoys  a rousing good tale.
6304493681|4.0|I think that Ghost in the Shell was simply over rated.  I can see why people liked it, but I simply didn't.  I found that the animation visuals were awsome, best I've ever seen, but I just found that the story was just  slow and really boring.  I read the comic that dark horse comics imported  and I found it much better than the anime.  I still think that Akira was  the best anime movie ever made (followed by the Evangelion movies, but  thats mostly because I'm a big Evangelion fan).  So I guess if you're a  visual arts student and are studying animation or whatever (my uncle did  that and he bought this dvd as a &quot;study&quot;)you'll find this movie  great, but if you're looking for action, comedy, or fast moving animation,  expect slow boat rides through a beautifully animated city and long talks  about life or something.  Still, this is a good anime.  I'd give it 5 stars  for the animation, but 3 for the overall story...so I'll give it a 4.   Still really worth checking out though!
B00000637V|5.0|It's sometimes hard for me to think about &quot;Berlin&quot; without conjuring up Mike Myers' Saturday Night Live character, Dieter (the host of &quot;Sprockets&quot;). Like Dieter (&quot;I find your agony  delicious&quot;), Reed seeks -- and finds, in abundance -- the beauty in  pain and despair on this unforgettable album.<br />&quot;Berlin&quot; is all  about darkness and decadence, though not the kind Lou Reed explored on  &quot;Transformer&quot;, his previous release. Rather than continuing with  that disc's celebration of camp fruitery, &quot;Berlin&quot; takes a major  turn onto  seriously grim sidestreets littered with broken souls. A  conceptual meditation on feelings most of us would rather not acknowledge,  &quot;Berlin&quot; is a bitter narrative about the cruelty people can  inflict on each other in the supposedly safe confines of a  relationship.<br />The most amazing thing about &quot;Berlin&quot;, however,  isn't the subject matter, it's the music.  Producer Bob Ezrin assembled an  array of the era's most talented musicians (including Steve Winwood, Jack  Bruce, Aynsley Dunbar and Tony Levin) and embroidered the album with lush,  breathtaking string and wind orchestrations. The music and lyrics offset  each other in stark contrast, much the same way a German expressionist film  utilizes black and white. <br />Throughout, Reed delivers his trademark  off-key vocals with a more pronounced sense of detachment than is usual  even for him; on &quot;Berlin&quot; he's not so much an impartial observer,  but a willing  accomplice to the proceedings who angrily refuses to do  anything about the destiny unfolding before him.<br />&quot;Berlin&quot; has  been blasted as the ultimate downer of Reed's career -- quite an  accomplishment, given the breadth of his depressive catalogue. Which is  fair enough, for the faint of heart. For the rest of us, &quot;Berlin&quot;  is a groundbreaking masterpiece.
0440403278|5.0|I thought this book was very touching, interesting and good. I liked it alot because it shows great bravery of a little girl (like myself) and that they can help with very important things. I read it to my little siblings  and they liked it a whole lot to. I also liked it that the two girls were  such good friends that they didn't care even if they were endangering there  lives, as long as they saved one another. All in all this book was great  and I recomend it to anyone!
6305558167|5.0|You haven't really seen this film if the only version you saw was VHS.  Thank God for widescreen and the picture is absolutely sparkling.  Its like somebody went back in time and reshot the film on modern equipment.  Well  no, but the film is finally presented the way John Boorman intended sans  the big screen.  If you know somebody with a DVD player (S-video  input/stereo loudspeaker minimum) see what I mean.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|The story line is good and contains humourous situations. At first a little hesitant in purchasing the DVD, but found that I made good judgement in purchasing it. I find it good for families to enjoy the movie  together.Would recommend others to get a copy of this movie.
6303212379|5.0|loved it,great family flick,never dull,does not slow down,could watch it once a week.
0780625129|5.0|American History X is an excellent movie! If you believe that racism doesn't exist in America, this movie will change your views. If you are racist and think that it is right, this movie will change you! Scenes from  this movie will be imprinted in your mind forever. It also shows the  touching story of brotherly and family love. This movie will prove you  wrong! It is the absolute truth!
B000005J56|5.0|A friend of mine recommended this cd to me.  At first, I hesistated buying it because I wasn't sure if it would just end up in the &quot;impulse&quot; buy pile of cds. (we all know _that_ pile)  But, after listening to it, I  couldn't help but listen to it again and again!  It's so fun! The music  makes you want to grab a partner and move to the music!
B0000019PA|5.0|If you dare to think you have a &quot;sophisticated ear&quot; for music this album will annoy you. There is more to music than perfect pitch and timing. If you love the sterile, soulless sounds of most over produced  music in the world today, then you will never know the brilliance of the  record.<br />I have never heard a better LP than this record. It is perhaps  the most eerie and soulful music that has ever been recorded, and it's  almost too powerful to describe. <br />I pray that all of you that think  meaningful music has to be very complex and perfectly executed take the  time to reevaluate your beliefs. Start with this album.
B00001U0GQ|3.0|I'm a big fan of this movie.  Unfortunately the video encoding of the movie is not very good.  <br />In fact the DVD comes with a small piece of paper printed with &quot;This movie has been re-edited by Michael Mann.  It  is his definitive vision of the film.  In order to create it, certain shots  had to be lengthened, resulting in a momentary jump in the image.&quot;  Sounds like a last minute effort to excuse the poor encoding.  Smoke in  some scenes also causes problems in the encoding process.<br />The movie is  also not &quot;widescreen enhanced&quot; so I can see the scan lines on my  36&quot; Sony Wega.  It's unfortunate that it has not been enhanced for  widescreen.<br />Still a &quot;must have&quot; for fans of this movie,  especially since there are some scenes never before seen.
0783231202|5.0|A spectacular adaptation of a remarkable story. The use of language as the key to the plot is most intriguing.  I do have one suggestion. C'est vraiment dommage!  One of the greatest films in the Amazon.com DVD  Collection has no French soundtrack or closed captions.  Anyone who has  learned English as a second language in the US in recent years will tell  you how helpful closed captions on TV have been as a learning tool.  Teachers of French would love to see this be routinely adopted as an  industry standard.  My fear is that the movie industry will pass up a  unique opportunity to participate in public learning of foreign languages.   By the way, isn't it actually against the law in Canada not to include the  French?  Shouldn't Region 1- (US and Canada only) encoding  ALWAYS include  French sound and French closed captions- not only as a courtesy and an  added value, easy to include-but to comply with Canadian law?  Otherwise, a  truly great film in a wonderful format!
0783235666|4.0|The first couple of times I saw this, it was on TV, and I didn't like it much - and I'm a diehard Hitchcockian.  I thought it had a thin, slow story that felt sort of abitrary, like it was just an excuse to have some people  get together to get pecked by birds.  And Tippi Hedren ain't no Grace  Kelly, as much as Hitch tried to make her one.<br />Last year I finally saw it  in a real theatre.  Now, it isn't news that movies aren't the same on the  tube, but... well, shoot.  Hitchcock's use of sound and sense of space is  destroyed on your 12-inch or 20-inch or 32-inch or whatever.  In theatre,  those horrible electronic bird-cries become overwhelming, an assault.  And  in one of the scenes where the characters are trapped in the house  surrounded by shrieking birds, looking up at the ceiling, I involuntarily  looked up toward the auditorium ceiling myself.  The &quot;space&quot; of  the movie felt like it extended off the screen and I experienced it like I  was in the house with them.  <br />With these sequences working so well,  everything else just seems to fall into place, and the movie comes off as a  model of economically sustained suspense that operates on the principle of  keeping your monster offscreen most of the time.<br />Unless you've got a  large-screen TV with a good stereo and/or surround-sound hookup, I would  almost say this isn't worth bothering with on home video, especially if  it's pan &amp; scan (like this tape) instead of widescreen.
B000000OAN|5.0|The first time I listened to this I thought it was completely wacky, and so all over the place. I was already a fairly established queen fan having been weaned on to their music since I was but a baby and I thought this  stuff was completely different from what I had heard of Queen before  (mainly 80s stuff). On the second hearing though, I thought, WOW, this is a  masterpiece, the mix of sounds in the different songs is inspired and  something which Queen have come to embody. They are often commented upon as  having a very wide specturm in the genres they can stretch out into, and  unlike some other bands they do it VERY well. There are some good old rocky  tracks, like &quot;I'm In Love With My Car&quot;, that good old Roger  Taylor classic &quot;Sweet Lady&quot;, which to be honest I don't like  terribly, as many people who have put customer comments here have expressed  too and &quot;Death On Two Legs&quot;, which I loved immediately, that  piano intro is classic. That is also part of the mix of styles, I sometimes  think that people who wouldn't have known Queen and had listened to the  start of that first track would have thought it was actually an operatic  album. Even from the cover, it's not exactly the kind of thing rock bands  have on the cover of their albums, is it? And then there's the vaudevillean  type tracks, &quot;Good Company&quot;, &quot;Seaside Rendezvous&quot; (the  vocal orchestartions are so funny) and &quot;Lazing on a Sunday  Afternoon&quot;, which I think are immense fun. And then there are the ones  that don't really fit in a group- the weird yet wonderfully sci-fi yet kind  of country music sounding &quot;39&quot;, &quot;God Save The Queen&quot;  which doesn't sound that bad for a national anthem , which aren't often  released on a mainstream album, The lovely (pardon the pun) &quot;Love Of  My Life&quot; with that lovely harp accompaniment by Brian May (if you've  only heard this on live albums etc. you have to hear it on this it is  immeasurably different, and some would say better, but that would depend on  your tastes)&quot;You're My Best Friend&quot;, I love that electric piano  bit, &quot;The Prophet's Song&quot;, which is nearly beyond description,  but is to be celebrated as being a harmonic masterpiece, it sounds great,  especially with that Toy Koto and last and most certainly not least  &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; which just proves that you can still put  opera bits in a rock song and it can be hailed all over the world as the  best song ever, and can go to number one twice, with a massive 16 year  interval. In short this is one hell of an album and is a must for all  lovers of great music.Sorry to have bored you all with this really long  review but once I start talking about something I feel that I have to  finish. Bye
0446525537|5.0|This book hit home with me. It was funny, warm, heartbreaking, and tearful. As with all of Nicholas Sparks books I could not lay it down until I finished it.
B00000J7J4|4.0|With a name like mine how can you not love carlos Santana's music.  I really like the new twist to this album and the addition of new talent to this sound track.  If you liked carlos's earlier work you'll love this  album as well.  ADELANTE &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; SANTANA
0767821629|5.0|It's too bad for &quot;The Thirteenth Floor&quot; that it was released so near the release of &quot;The Matrix&quot; and was marketed as a Matrix-like movie. Not only is &quot;The Thirteenth Floor&quot; a  completely different type of movie (it's not an action movie), it's a much  better movie (and this is coming from someone who saw &quot;The  Matrix&quot; three times in theatres). The quality of the writing and  performances is uneven in a few spots, but overall this is a fantastic  movie that will engage you and force you to think (another difference from  &quot;The Matrix&quot;). I would definitely recommend purchasing this  movie, but at the very least rent it!
B000002H3E|5.0|While &quot;Under Lock and Key&quot; doesn't have the pure trailblazing speed that &quot;Back For the Attack&quot; did, it's a great album that seems to settle for a slightly slower pace, but really great quality in  both the lyrics and the music. George Lynch once again performs an awesome  job with his guitars, particularly in songs like &quot;Unchain the  Night&quot; &quot;Lightnin' Strikes Again&quot; and &quot;Don't Lie to  Me&quot; (which happen to be my favorite songs on the album). Actually,  every song on this album is pretty good with no really mediocre songs to  speak of. The style tends to be a little more on the &quot;sensitive&quot;  side, as it includes a slow piece or two (though not without great guitar  support), but if you don't mind that, you'll love this album. It's a Dokken  classic.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp has a message for you if you listen closely.  They are pretty damn talented to think of the lyrics and everyone including myself love their music so they must play good too.  Don't ever diss the Biz.
B0000042H4|5.0|What is it about Wagner fans that creates such a passionate range of emotions?  I'm perplexed to read the disdain that accompanies some of the reviews on this page. Yes, asking a Wagnerian about his/her favorite  recording of Der Ring will always produce wildly varying responses, but  regardless of what you may read in other reviews, the fact remains that  this recording is THE standard Ring, and certinly the right choice for  those new to Wagner's masterpiece.  As I said in an earlier, anonymous  review:  \\"This collection is a must for anyone who wants to embark on  a lifelong study of the monumental Ring Cycle. Aside from the impeccible  production and thrilling performances, the work also has the  \\"feel\\" of the golden age of stereophonic recording, which of  course it is a shining example. They just don't make 'em like this any  more. This recording will literally be treasured for centuries to  come...and now we can own a remastered copy, for not much more (I would  guess) than the orginal LPs would have cost. Highly recommended. (And by  the way, you won't find a better price than this.)\\"<br /><br />You won't regret  an investment in the Solti Ring.  I also like the Levine/Met  recording...but that's another story.<br /><br />Update 7/22/2013:  Still listening to this purchase!  14 years and lots of great Ring cycles later, this is still one of the best!
B000031XCR|5.0|All the way (4 million copies sold in one month just in the USA) is not only Celine's greatest hits is also a nice mix of old and new songs that makes you realize why Celine is the WORLD'S BEST SELLING FEMALE ARTIST (110  MILLION albums sold worldwide and counting...) The best selling female  artist of the decade, The best selling Canadian artist of the century, and  United Nations artist for peace. Every Celine song has all her heart and  soul in it. Her voice is so pure, the lyrics are nice and clean, her image  is not offensive, in fact she is a very good role model for young people.  All the way is an excellent album, of course her best so far is Falling  into you but that doesn't mean you won't find remarkable songs in All the  way, from the new material: That's the way it is, If walls could talk, Then  you look at me, Live (it's so Broadway). From the greatest hits, everything  but Love can move mountains (it's a nice song but...) I think Where does my  heart beat now would have been better. All the way confirms that the 90'  had a name an a signature: CELINE DION; she's not only the BEST, she's the  NUMBER ONE too. Sorry Mariah fans but That's the way it is.......
0399143904|5.0|Nothing better than Tom Clancy giving hell to the tree huggers.  He should write a sequel about what happens to the group of people who are left to &quot;embrace&quot; nature.
B000000993|5.0|this cd is one of the best cds i have heard in my entire life...I can listen to 1-9 and 69 and never get sick of it...my favs are Bottom(w/ Henry Rollins),Prison Sex,Swamp Song and Crawl Away and Four Degrees..Maynard has  done great on this one...i like aenema there are too many interludes tho  but Forty Six And Two and Aenema are good songs and Opiate was Awesome  too...but this was the best overall cd
B000002UYZ|4.0|This is definitely not the place to end a Beatles collection.  While this has basically all of their hits from the first half of their recording career, it's much more worth it to buy the individual albums and the Past  Masters albums.  But if you are just starting a Beatles collection this,  along with the Blue Album, is a good place to start.
6304675348|5.0|At Last a Horror movie with Style. Scream is what the world has been begging for, a Horror movie with class. The opening 10 minutes of the film are full of suspense and sets the movie off and it just gets better and  better. The Young cast all look brilliant in their roles especially Neve  Campbell, Skeet Ulrich and Matty Lillard. The Sound Track is also Brill and  Horror Movies can't get much better than this!
0808599429|4.0|This novel is one of Vonnegut's more acclaimed works, although I would say, in my un-experted opinion, that The Sirens of Titan, Mother Night, and Hocus Pocus are better in many ways than Breakfast of Champions.  Sure,  Breakfast has many comical sections, however, it fails to answer any real  question about human nature, other than the fact that we are innately dumb.   The plot twists and turns, leading the reader through Vonnegut's  &quot;reality&quot; of modern day society using Kilgore Trout and a used  car salesmen as tour guides.  Vonnegut plays on all aspects of society,  from race, to industrialization, to the fragility of the human mind, and  finally to the ability and far reaching possibilities of the imagination.   Breakfast is witty and comical, but I recommend some of his other novels if  you are looking for the better side of Vonnegut.
B00000J7J4|4.0|For me who has been listening to the great sounds of Santana since the early 70's, this album is a great addition to their collection.  It proves that Santana still has it after all these years and I don't look at their  playing with some of the newer artists as a sellout at all.  If it got some  of the younger crowd to listen and appreciate their music, more power to  them.
0679777547|4.0|Perez does it again with a unique blend of history, bibliomania, litstudy and of course,  mystery.  With 'The Club Dumas' he bring together an interesting collection of bibliophiles, from collectors, to reencactors, to  bookmakers, forgers and detectives. A foray into the world of book  collectors with a strong bent into the writings of Dumas.  An excellent  read, with an interesting array or characters.
B000002513|5.0|Listening to this album takes me back to college, when a girl saw this band play at Liberty Hall in Houston.  The lead singer must be on speed, she surmised, because he's got all this energy.  She wound up dragging me  to see Bruce Springsteen and E Street Band a few days later at the  Armadillo World Headquarters in Austin.  It cost a buck to get in! Anyway,  Rosalita brings back those days like nothing else.  Maybe to some ears it's  not the instant classic that Born to Run was destined to be, but songs like  Sandy and Incident on 57th Street are the heart of Bruce's early sound.  If  you've ever been young and in love with rock and roll, this album is the  soundtrack to your life.
038097617X|4.0|I was looking forward to reading &quot;Watermelon&quot; as I have been in a similar situation to Claire myself.  I found it to be a really good light (but not trashy) read.  The book is written as if Claire is talking to you,  which means you really identify with her and all her insecurities.  It was  great when Claire realized that she was fine just the way she was and that  she didn't need anyone in her life who couldn't accept that.  Claire's  family were excellent secondary characters, I can't wait to read  &quot;Rachel's Holiday&quot; to hear more about them.  Adam seemed a bit  too good to be true, or maybe I'm just looking in the wrong places!   The  only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is that I have also read  &quot;Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married&quot; and it had quite a lot more  plot and was heaps longer than &quot;Watermelon&quot;.  Marian Keyes' books  are so enjoyable to read, it's disappointing to have them end as quickly as  &quot;Watermelon&quot; did.
B0000214F0|4.0|I was fascinated by the prospect of having this film on DVD. I've seen it first time(s) on the bootleg VHS copy and was impressed by this hybrid of serious movie(Peter O'Toole, McDowell, etc)and Penthouse produce.<br />Not in  form but in principle it reminds me of the late 19- early 20 century  pornography. It is known for it's exploitation of the historical settings  as an excuse for showing bare t.t and a.s. The &quot;live pictures&quot;  like &quot;Julius Caesar stumbles upon Cleopatra making love to the common  legionaire&quot; were abundant.<br />Later lots of American and Italian  directors made their actors impersonate Messalina and Neron having their  orgies in the papier-mache palaces in their cheap soft-porno  productions.<br />With Caligula-80 the serious step was taken in two  directions - both historical and erotic. The Roman settings became more  than an excuse and sex is much more detailed and sadistic.<br />It was an  interesting experiment. Of course we know that the Romans were very  lecherous and cruel making no difference between males and females -  anything to make their sex life more eventful.  But one thing is to  understand this on the verbal level and seeing all this in detail is  something different.<br />It's like watching the heroine dancing in a fluffy  dress through the romantic comedy and knowing she is human too and  sometimes she uses the toilet just like we all do. And then you follow her  through the toilet's door to make sure.<br />So I do not see this film as  something more than an experiment - the O'Toole and McDowell act, the  starlets display their genitals - it's an uneasy marriage, this mule of a  film is not able to have a progeny.
0671027344|1.0|My biggest problem with this novel is the writing style of Stephen Chbosky.  The whole device of using letters from himself to an anonymous recipient comes across as exactly what it is: a device.  If you were writing a series of letters to someone, would you set them up like a novel  is written? With quotes and paragraphs and so on?  Either write it like  actual letters would be written or write it as a straightforward  first-person novel.  Charlie doesn't want his anonymous recipient to know  who he is.  Hmm.  Older brother playing college football.  His school's  captain of the football team is gay and sent of to military school.  I  don't think the girl (or guy?) Charlie keeps sending these letters to would  have too much trouble figuring out who he is.  Another thing, we aren't  shown enough of Charlie's human weaknesses.  The author, and the characters  in the book, reward Charlie far too much for being this earnest, caring,  sensitive human being.  But he's too perfect and self-righteous  for anyone to care.  None of the characters are fleshed-out well enough,  from his sister to his brother to his gay friend to the girls he likes,  nobody is given more than one or two personality traits....
B000002IST|3.0|&quot;WCD&quot; has 2 and a half of the only 4 Genesis songs I actively dislike: Never A Time, Hold On My Heart &amp; the lyric/vocal section of &quot;Live Forever&quot; which dissolves into a fantastic instrumental not  unlike &quot;Duke's Travels&quot; &amp; &quot;Los Endos&quot;. <br />2 of the  most off-the-cuff songs from these sessions have real energy &amp; feeling:  &quot;I Can't Dance&quot; &amp; &quot;Since I Lost You&quot; perhaps the  best Collins era Genesis love song.<br />Elsewhere there are the wonderful  epics &quot;Driving The Last Spike&quot; &amp; &quot;Fading Lights&quot;  which has a brilliant keyboard solo - both songs have incredible drum  tracks. <br />&quot;No Son Of Mine&quot; &amp; &quot;Dreaming While You  Sleep&quot; are classic Genesis story-songs. <br />But &quot;WCD&quot; really  does feel a bit dull - Genesis was up for a change. &quot;Calling All  Stations&quot; pretty much flattens it on all fronts. I only wish Phil had  stayed on as the drummer, letting Ray sing - no offense to Nir Z!<br />What  are the other 2 Genesis songs I dislike? &quot;Illegal Alien&quot; &amp;  &quot;Silver Rainbows&quot;. I love every single track from every other  Genesis record including their first.
B000002I25|5.0|Okay, your making a rock 'n' roll time-capsule to be opened in ten-thousand years by an alien civilization after man is extinct, so that the aliens will have a template to work from so as to carry on rock music.   Question: What albums go in the time-capsule?  Well, something by the  Beatles probably (Sgt.Pepper?).  Led Zeppelin IV, no doubt.  Dark Side of  the Moon maybe?  Born to Run?  And absolutely the Doors' debut album.  This  record is like fine wine - it gets better with age.  Unlike the Beatles,  whose albums tend to have been shrunken by decades, the Doors have a  timeless quality, particularly this first album, which sounds like it could  have been recorded yesterday - it's that fresh.  There are, of course, hits  a'plenty here (&quot;Light My Fire&quot;, &quot;Break on Through&quot;,  etc.), but the real crux is in the lesser know tracks.  &quot;Soul  Kitchen&quot;, &quot;Take It As It Comes&quot;, &quot;Back Door Man&quot;,  even the whimsical &quot;Alabama Song&quot; - all instantly recognizeable.   And, of course, Jim Morrison's darkly poetic visions make it all quite  unforgettable.  Sure the Doors barely glimpsed this lofty perch on any of  their subsequent records, but it's not their fault that this very first  release was a greatest hits album.
B000002AP1|5.0|&quot;I'm a street-walkin' cheetah with a hide full of napalm&quot;...with that, the greatest opening line in musical history, Iggy Pop sets the mesmerizing circus of &quot;Raw Power&quot; in motion.  &quot;Search and  Destroy,&quot; &quot;Your Pretty Face Is Going To Hell,&quot;  &quot;Penetration,&quot; and of course, the title track...these songs in  particular leave no doubt that by mixing the blues with sounds inspired by  the Motor City's industrial cacophony, Iggy and his fellow Stooges blazed a  trail which would inspire both punk rock and the recent popularity of  &quot;industrial&quot; music.  Yes, the next time you hear some fifteen  year old kid talking about how Marilyn Manson is God...tell him that if it  weren't for Iggy, Marilyn would still be just a dead movie actress.  If not  for Pop, Manson would still be just another psycho cult leader serving a  life sentence.  Yes, Iggy handed us industrial music thirty years ago.  On  behalf of all those who don't know any better, Iggy...I'll just say  &quot;thank you&quot; for them.
B00000ICD9|1.0|My Dreams include dribble like this never being made again. This movie is true to the Hollywood formula of &quot;Tear Jerkers&quot;. It is completely void of substance. Looks are only puddle deep with this bad dream.
B00000IQUT|1.0|I had some friends that told me about this movie and how great it was, well I obviously have a severly different taste. This was the worst movie I have seen. The acting is awful, the story is thin at best and the movie  moves soooo slowly. Don't see it!
068816689X|3.0|Informative book on the plight of the Jewish people but I felt that they should have defined the value of the currency at that time more accurately.  Call me ignorant but I am not clear on the metric system so grams don't  mean a lot to me and the impact that the writer was trying to make would  have been clearer if there was more comparison to the American/English  system when referring to grams etc. I felt that the author was a little  disjointed and not always believable almost self absorbed.  Otherwise worth  the read.
1573226521|5.0|This is a great quick read.  The style and subject matter captured my imagination.  Everybody will love this book!
B000001FDK|5.0|Let's be honest: &quot;Grease&quot; was made for who? Teenagers.But it is so good, people from various ages love it. Why? Because it's marvellous. It is pure pop music from the 50's, but with music capabilities from the 70's.
0345315227|1.0|This book doesn't conclude the series at all.  I got to the end, and thought, &quot;This can't be the end.&quot;  It isn't that bad of a book, but goes nowhere, instead just mentioning predictions and techno-wiz  wonders that could be in the future, but gives no explanation.  You can't  figure out what half of the things are, until characters use them enough it  becomes obvious.  There could be a lot of possible continuations of this  plot, and it stopped in the middle.  This is just the first half of the  story!  It doesn't even end, just breaks off with the future ahead.  I was  expecting something to happen, but it didn't.  Sure, it explained  everything that happened later, but that was all it was, having no plot  line at all.
B000004756|4.0|One reviewer below said it all: &quot;Close your eyes and start a journey&quot;. But one warning: be sure you're an accoustic guitar real fan. Otherwise, you'll be bored by the middle of the CD. If you like the  pure guitar, you'll be overwhelmed by the sheer virtuosity of the three  guitarrist, the sense of impossibility to reach that level of playing in  your lifetime and, at the same time, the feeling that you're listening to  friends, people who love music and their own guitar, and handle them with  care and love.
038542471X|5.0|This is one of my favorite Grisham books, under The Pelican Brief.  It moves pretty fast, and isn't boring.  I can read this without putting it down, unlike some books.  It might not be his best, but it is enjoyable and  not bad.
B000001FS3|5.0|Although it's hard to single out one of U2's pre-90's albums as the best, this one gets my vote!  I've owned 2 tapes and 2 cd's of Joshua Tree since 1988, and I see myself replacing them over and over.  Unlike today's  pop-fluff, each song beats with feeling and the lyrics are truly from the  heart and mind of one of the greatest song-writers of our time (Bono is  many other great things, but I digress).  If you haven't bought this album,  I encourage you to do so (along with U2's first 5 albums/ep's), but you'll  kick yourself for waiting 13 years to make this purchase!
0780021150|5.0|Another reviewer here has covered the plot of the film and how good a film it is quite well, so I will concern myself with the merits of the DVD itself.  The transfer is very good for a film that is nearly 70 years old.   It is clear and reasonably free from defects.  There is one small place in  which the film appears to fold over on itself, but this lasts for only a  moment.  It is presented in  1.33:1 aspect ratio, the standard at the time  the film was made.  The soundtrack is mono and presented entirely trough  the center channel.  The dialog is easily heard and understandable (if you  speak German) and the subtitles are well done.  The whistling of the piece  from Grieg's Peer Gynt suite is a bit high and tinny at times, but that  merely adds to the jarring effect that it is meant to (and does) have on  the viewer.  This film is a masterpiece from the earliest era of sound  motion pictures, and it holds up well to this day.  The presentation is not  perfect, but it is pleasing and given the age of this film, I don't know  that it could be done any better.
B00000J7J4|5.0|As a fellow musician, I can appreciate work of the caliber Santana puts out, at first I was a very skeptical about his inclusion of hip-hopsters on this album, but soon I realized the genius behind it! Elevate the musical  consiousness of todays generation by injecting quality into it. Once again  Smooth Carlos shows us the way.
B00001SIES|5.0|if telling a friend that matthew bellamy sounds a little like thom yorke will cause that friend to buy showbiz, i say fantastic.  i saw the muscle museum video on M2 one day and immediately fell in love.  the title song is  enough to make jeff buckley want to cry.  i know he can hear it too.  so  please, buy this album for yourself.  buy it for someone else too.
6300213668|4.0|Now a part of our everyday culture, this movie blasted into theatres in 1978 and took off -- it has never stopped entertaining the masses, me included. Though it is considerably slicked-up and watered-down from the  original B'way musical (which was a lot grittier), it is consistently  enjoyable and features a wonderfully sparkling ensemble of performances.   John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John remain a delightfully imperfect team  of cartoon lovers; they share a real chemistry and what fun to see them  perform in outlandishly campy musical numbers; Stockard Channing, thought  at least 10 to 15 years beyond high school age, digs into the role of Rizzo  with relish, and manages to be moving at the same time. Eve Arden and Dody  Goodman are priceless in their principal and assistant roles.  Transformed  into a kind of cotton-candy fantasy, GREASE the movie contains many of the  50s cliches and mores that made the musical on stage so appealingly  on-target, but coats everything with  veneer of sweetness.  The  added-for-the-film only musical numbers, thought not exactly typical 1950s  pop fare, are breezy, catchy and fun, and have a commercial sound that  certainly caught on.
0808599429|5.0|Breakfast of Champions is far and away the best book I have ever read!  I would recommend it to anyone, especially those who have never read Vonnegut.
6300213668|4.0|Now a part of our everyday culture, this movie blasted into theatres in 1978 and took off -- it has never stopped entertaining the masses, me included. Though it is considerably slicked-up and watered-down from the  original B'way musical (which was a lot grittier), it is consistently  enjoyable and features a wonderfully sparkling ensemble of performances.   John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John remain a delightfully imperfect team  of cartoon lovers; they share a real chemistry and what fun to see them  perform in outlandishly campy musical numbers; Stockard Channing, thought  at least 10 to 15 years beyond high school age, digs into the role of Rizzo  with relish, and manages to be moving at the same time. Eve Arden and Dody  Goodman are priceless in their principal and assistant roles.  Transformed  into a kind of cotton-candy fantasy, GREASE the movie contains many of the  50s cliches and mores that made the musical on stage so appealingly  on-target, but coats everything with a mostly appealing veneer of  sweetness.   The added-for-the-film only musical numbers, thought not  exactly typical 1950s pop fare, are breezy, catchy and fun, and have a  commercial sound that certainly caught on.
0312119038|5.0|Through a Narrow Gate is a testament to the personal struggle between feeling the faith and wanting to somehow live it, too.  I am impressed with her ability to relive the experience while being fair to both sides and  making their decisions and feelings make sense, even when they are directly  opposing.  The most remarkable thing is her feelings about the modern  convents given her struggle and her respect for what was.  Her respect is  contagious - she gave it to me! She, and her experiences, seem to ratify my  own even as mine pale against her story.  I recommend it to anyone  seriously trying to understand God in their own lives and in their own  terms.
6300263673|4.0|It is awfully hard not to get swept up into the nostalgic heat and sentiment of this unabashedly, and well-done, teen romance.  It is, by turns, sexy, funny, melodramatic, jamming (what with that soundtrack chock  full of some of the best pop hits of the 60s mixed with a few great new  songs) and campy.  Yet the overriding feeling of melancholy and  wistfulness, portrayed with real talent by Jennifer Grey, as the perfect  Baby, transforms this movie into something lasting, something to really  love.  Cynthia Rhodes is absolutely riveting -- as usual -- in the second  female lead; she is a spectacular dancer and electrifying whenever she is  on the screen. The aching feeling of first true love/lust/whatever, here  directed at hunky Patrick Swayze, who is by the way an excellent dancer,  comes to full flower at a Poconos resort.  As all manner of soapy subplots  move through their predictable paces, we are treated to the transformation  of our young heroine and any number of delightful musical numbers, capped  off by the irresistably romantic Time Of My Life -- that feeling of moving  through a romance that has somehow changed your life is captured with a  rare sweetness, and it stays with you.
B0000013GT|5.0|I would say that this review is strictly for true hip hop fans. But, if you are reading this review then that means that you aren't familiar with this album. That automatically disqualifies ou from the category of true  hip hop fans. This review is more of a respons to the others. First of all,  ATLiens is one of the best albums ever. However, Southernplayistic, there  first effort, was even better. On that note, if you only by one record,  make it Southernplayalistic. If you buy two, make it ATLiens.
B00000255X|5.0|I'm not an expert in Dylan, but I've grown up with my parents hooked on him, so I'm not really inexpirienced either. Being born in 81, I'm perharps not the typical listener of Dylan, and while I don't find his earlier works  (&quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot;, &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot;) very  interesting; &quot;Desire&quot; is a true masterpiece.<br />The CD opens with  the catching &quot;Hurricane&quot; wich shows Dylan's unique ability to  sing a story. The lyrics are great, and the music is wonderful, especialy  the violin. &quot;Joey&quot;, &quot;Isis&quot; and &quot;Black Diamond  Bay&quot; are other superb examples of Dylan's story-singing, and have  furthermore excellent music (again, the violin and the background vocals of  Emmylou Harris lifts it from the great to the superb). &quot;One more Cup  Of Coffee), &quot;Oh sister&quot;, &quot;Joey&quot; and &quot;Sara&quot;  are exceptionally beutiful (partly because of Emmylou Harris), and while  &quot;Mozambique&quot; and &quot;Romance in Durango&quot;, at my oppinion,  doesn't keep up with the exceptional standard of the rest, they are shurely  great songs.<br />Therefore, I think that &quot;Desire&quot; is an excellent  album, that also has appeal to lots of listeners, who normally diesn't find  Dylan that inspiering. It deserves and ought to be heard by everyone!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is full of great action packed stunts, moves, and special effects. Even though most of the special effects were created using a green room and computers, thwe still have the same effect as they live special  effects do. The director has a way of making you feel like you are part of  the action. He puts you right up close to what is happening, making it  almost as if you are that character. It even makes you wonder if there  really is something blinding us from the truth.
6300215512|5.0|Sunset Boulevard, upon firt watching it, was the worst piece of &quot;film noir&quot; trash I'd ever seen.  BUT, I watched it a second time.  Wow!  I actually got it the Second time!  It's great!  Gloria Swansen was the  ultimate Norma Desmond wacko.  If you're looking for something with that  shadowy, stark black and white, Noir-ish flare, you've not further to look  than Sunset Boulevard..
B00002MZ2C|5.0|RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE, has been one of my alltime favorite bands, not because of their political message or the causes for which they raise benefits, but because of the amazing raw power of the ROCK/RAP style that  they damn near invented.  Unfortunately with this album, the very known  fact that all rock bands have shown, is that it's almost impossible for a  rock band to overcome what they achieved in their debut album. But with  &quot;THE BATTLE OF LOS ANGELES&quot;, rage lets it be known that they can  still achieve the the musical power they had in their first album, this is  not better, but it's just as good.  All of the sounds that made Rage the  mightiest band in rock today, are utilized and improved in this album.    The reason for this achievement is the amazing guitar work by Tom Morello,  who is arguably the best rock guitarist of the 90's, and by the lyrical  firepower of Zach De La Rocha's vocals.  Songs like &quot;Guerilla  Radio&quot; and &quot;Calm like a bomb&quot; are just an example of the De  La Rocha's great vocals, and you'll find Morello's absolutely inventive  guitar works is songs like &quot;Mic Check&quot; and &quot;sleep now in the  fire&quot;.  This is definitely the one album you should not miss if you're  into this type of genre, and be sure to also check out the track &quot;WAR  WITHIN A BREATH&quot;.
B000002UJQ|5.0|How an album this dark can have a white cover is confusing. Is there anyone on earth with 46 chromosomes that wasn't floored by this album?<br />   I'm waiting...<br />   When a band comes around that continues to push the  very edges of music it's self, all that can be done is to hope to catch up.  Finally my generation can have a legitament band to rally behind, at least  musically. This album should be mandatory listening material for anyone  with an I.Q. above 100. If you happen to fall below this quite summary  level, thats okay, anyone can play guitar!
0553212478|5.0|At first, the letters, the book was very boring. After I got through thoese I then could not put down the book. Mary Shelly wrote an EXCELLENT novel in which Vicor Frankenstein tried to portray G-d. Well, Victor  somewhat succeeded but his creation turned for the worse. I advise people  for the ages of 13-120 to read this book. It was AMAZING!
B000002TQV|5.0|How Thom Yorke manages to capture some of the worst of possible human emotions, combine it with a piercingly beautiful voice, and have a band of this calibre to back it all up is simply incredible. This album is without  a doubt top ten for the 90's. I hope to see a very long slew of albums this  great from this band. Is that asking too much? Tracks like &quot;fake  plastic trees&quot;, &quot;bullet roof... wish I was&quot;, and  &quot;blackstar&quot; make this album timeless, and more important, a very  relevant piece of work. How does Pop with substance strike you?
0446607274|4.0|Another good job!, Not his best, but by no means his worst book, well worth the money, especially at Amazon rates!
B00000G3PA|1.0|I must revise my review. It still get's ZERO STARS from me, or those of my ilk. But to say that this is the worst movie ever made would possibly lend it credence to some of you dullards out there. This 'movie', as some are keen to call it, still ranks as one of the best examples of how bad hollywood has gotten over the past 2 decades, and how trully imbred the American public has become, at the hands of the hacks that have permiated the movie industry. If your IQ is less than the number of fingers I am holding up, (I am holding up 3 fingers), then you probably love this movie. That is all.
0380973464|5.0|I came across Neal Stephenson with Snow Crash, which was nearly as good a first cyberpunk novel as Neuromancer.  I found Diamond Age to be too slow for my tastes, but with Cryptonomicon, Stephenson has really hit his  stride. This book has believable characters with real depth, and a  well-developed dualism between the WWII-era and present day characters.   Along the way, he sprinkles in some Tom Clancy-like digressions into the  details of crypto systems and Greek mythology. Thorougly satisfying.
0684867621|5.0|I really liked this book.  It's a little different then some of his other work.  It reminds me of Gerald's Game somewhat.  It's not very long though but it's enjoyable reading.
B000009EUM|5.0|It's easy to just make music in the traditional way. A-ha, unlike most of the other 80's bands, made music with their own heart and soul. You could always tell that a-ha had made the track. They had a unique sound.  &quot;Scoundrel days&quot; is a great album. All the songs are different  but still all of them share the same trademark. I call it the &quot;green  trademark&quot; (after listening to it, you will see what I mean).  &quot;Hunting High and low&quot; was a bit overproduced and had too much of  a synthetic sound. &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot; however, is one of those  quality synth albums with intelligent lyrics and incredible sound.  My  advice to you as a listener would be that you should listen to this album  and close your eyes while you're listening. A-ha's 10 great,  &quot;green&quot; tracks will provide you with some of the best musical  images that a person can experience. That is if you're able to understand  intelligent music, of course.  My personal favorit tracks are:  &quot;Scoundrel days&quot;, &quot;I've been losing you&quot; and &quot;The  soft rains of April&quot;.  I can recommend this album to anyone who enjoys  music with a strong lyric and sound message combined with a great  experience of a stream of virtual images leaping through the mind and which  touches all the edges in each sensitive part of a personality.<br />A-ha grew  up. The rest of the world didn't
B00000IHHN|5.0|What can I say that hasn't already been said? The music is beautiful, the lyrics are beyond poetry, the voices are perfect. Having heard the Frech concept album to Les Mis, I can't imagine the English speaking world will  let this one pass by. I just hope they don't ruin it in the  translation...or by changing the music!
B000002L7Y|4.0|This is a nice album and it brings back a lot of  musical memories from the time I was just a little kid. I remember &quot;Take on me&quot; (I' mean who doesn't remeber the great video, showing combinations of   animations and real footage) But I also remember the harder &quot;The sun  alwys shines on TV&quot;. &quot;Blue sky&quot; was a good track,  &quot;Train of thought&quot; and of course, &quot;Hunting high and  low&quot;  &quot;Hunting high and low&quot; is a collection of strong  tracks. Too bad that some of them are slightly overmade with synth-sounds.  It's probably one of the best pure synth-ablums  made during the 80's.  Another thing is that it sort of comes of as a showcase to Morten Harkets  great falsetto-vocal(Take on me, living a boys adventure tale).  But my  favorit album from A-ha is still &quot;Scoundrel days&quot;. This album is  a &quot;must have&quot; for everyone with a passion for the 80's  synth-sound, but also people who enjoys dark music.
B00002E233|1.0|The only upside to this movie would have been the special effects - but take the usual thin hollywood script and ad tired effects and even sharks seem boring@!
0393312836|5.0|Burgess himself thought that this book is overrated, but I don't agree. This is brilliant on every level. The purpose of the invented slang is to make the book timeless - it doesn't date like it would if he'd used real  early 1960s slang. At first I was put off from reading the book by the  notoriety surrounding the film. I thought this might be one long round of  rape and murder. But it isn't - the violence isn't at all explicit and  anyway the effect is dulled by the use of the slang. Clockwork Orange is a  deep exploration of good and evil, with the conclusion that it is better to  choose to be bad than to be forced to be good. In other words, man's free  will must be protected at all costs, and we mustn't curb our nature so that  we become little more than a machine - we mustn't become like &quot;a  clockwork orange&quot;. This is a dystopian nightmare that can easily be  ranked alongside &quot;1984&quot; and &quot;Brave New World&quot;.
0783114222|5.0|If you're interested in aviation or are a person who enjoy's the history of mankind, this is the video for you.  From the Earth to the Moon is based on a book by Andrew Chaikin titled: &quot;A Man On The Moon.&quot;  It  tells the story behind NASA's challenge of putting a man on the moon.  If  you like technology, you've got it.  But, also, it wonderfully covers the  human drama of the moon race.  The cast is wonderful.  The series is 12  episodes, each focusing a one poition of our race to the moon.  I have  watched this movie numerous times (now on DVD).  With what I've read, this  is a story that is faithful to the history of the Apollo program.  I highly  recommend it to anyone.
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 is one of my top 5 or 6 novels of the twentieth century. It has everything that makes it eternally relevant - the jokes, the characters, the situation - it could be anywhere, any time, any war. This book cannot  date, and it will be read in a hundred years time and still be funny. But  it isn't just a humorous book. The war scenes are very real and very  powerful, and there is a lingering sense of death and horror in many  passages. This is what makes it so good - it is a 3D portrait of the modern  world. Our hopes and our flaws are captured forever.
6301066642|5.0|Of course this is a typical musical of it's time.  It sometimes seemed as if there was a new one being produced every week during the 1950's.  This film stands out for me only because Johnnie Ray was in it.  He added the  touch that makes me watch my copy again and again.  Yes, it was a little  far-fetched to have him play a priest, but to see him perform his music and  see his considerable presence as an actor is well worth it.  Although he  did other roles on stage, this, I believe was his only film role, but, what  magic.  Don't miss this film now that it is available.
0140186395|5.0|This book has all the M's that count: Mystery, Mischief and Mayhem.  I've read it twice and plan to read it again soon because it never fails to amaze me.  The characters are full of mystery; I doubt I will ever discover  everything there is to learn about them, they are among the most  intrigueing and complex characters in any Steinbeck novel, or any novel for  that matter.  This novel looks deeply into the story of Cain and Abel and  theology in general, but not in the boring listen-to-what-I-think-of-this  manner, it is creative, mischievous, harsh, and true.  In addition to being  a well-thought-out novel with a captivating, complex plot, it is also an  insightful study of human nature and religion.
B000031WD9|3.0|Movies like this one are filled to the brim with tasteless gags which leave your side hurting because of the laughs.  Yet this raunchiness shines much better in films like Fast Times At Ridgemount High and Caddyshack.  I  found the film to be highly enjoyable but it seemed like it was written by  a middle schooler and not a professional.  I know not to take the film so  seriously after all that is the point of these movies.  It just seemed like  new gags in a constantly repeated formula.  It's a great rent.  Don't be  dissapointed if you can't find the unrated one because I couldn't tell the  difference between the two.  Its the same R rated film almost.  It's a lot  of fun though.
B00000JTB2|5.0|WOW! I must say that its nice to come home and have music waiting at your door, especially when the music is this damn good. The quality of the recording is excellent, and the &quot;guitfiddle&quot; playing is superb.  &quot;Ask Me No Qustions,&quot;Blues At Sunrise&quot;, and &quot;Overall  Junction&quot;, are three songs that are just jamming. Hard to believe  &quot;Blues At Sunrise&quot; is 15 minutes long. This recording is a must  for any fan of Stevie Ray Vaughn, Albert King, and the blues.
B00000G3PA|1.0|How can anyone really give this movie more than 2 stars? To sum it up, &quot;Great FX, bad movie.&quot; Lucky to get one star but since I did get a decent laugh from it..., and yes I did watch the whole thing (what was I  thinking! )
0964385619|5.0|This book is very smart analysis of what being happen in my life
B000031XCR|5.0|I really love Celine Dion's old songs, but &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; and &quot;Then You Look At Me&quot; are the positive upbeats that really show off better work by Celine. This CD is amazing all the way  through, even though I don't care much for the &quot;All The Way&quot; duet  with Frank Sinatra. 5 stars indeed!
0385484518|4.0|I enjoyed this book, but I can also understand why some reviewers dislike it.  I think it has to do with expectations.  This is a &quot;philosophy of life&quot; book, but if you expect it to be a sort of intellectual sparring  match between the dying Morrie and his former student Mitch, you will  likely find it &quot;trite.&quot;  No, there are no complex mental  logistics here, nor are there many references to other great philosophers  of life (although Morrie makes loose references to insights from Buddhism,  and various friends and just a few authors). The truisms are simply stated  -- understated really.  (Example:  Morrie states that one of the most  important ingredients for a successful marriage is believing in the  importance of your marriage.)  This is the type of observation that already  tells us what we know, but the truth is that most of us do need to be  *reminded* of what we know in our hearts.  That's what this book does.  It  is the type of book that you read through quickly, but like to leave on an  endtable or such place so you can refer to it on occasion. It is not the  type of book that you use for a thesis comparing Morrie's views to those of  Plato and others.
6304168802|5.0|I'm waiting patiently for this to come out on DVD.  It's one of those great movies that someone should have sent to the Academy Awards people.  An excellent story, great acting &amp; cast, it even contains a fantastic  score.  Highly recommended even if you don't like chess!
B0000214F0|1.0|Don't make the mistake I made. Get the unrated version. The rated version is a waste of time and money.
0684872153|3.0|It grabbed me from the start, but now about half way through I wonder how much more starvation, drinking problems, poverty, and gloom I can stand.  Got to be a glimmer of sunshine somewhere down the line.  I will finish it,  but it's getting hard to get back into the muck.
B000002L42|5.0|Could it be done?   Could these songs, which were mixed together in a studio from separate tape fragments of solos, percussion, vocals be performed live?   When one listens to Alive in America we have the answer:   not only does can they be played live but these songs are performed in a  manner consistant with the unique Steely Dan aesthetic:  the form of the  Big Band &quot;Orchestras&quot; of the 1940's and 1950's, the feeling of  contemporary times, and always the respectable nod to the Jazz of the past.   When one hears the solo on Josie, or the sax on the reworked &quot;Reeling  in the Years,&quot; or the Xylaphone of &quot;Sign in Stranger,&quot; it is  clear that the music lives on in its timeless way, like a perfect text that  will live forever.<br />There is nothing dissapointing about this album, yes,  the songs can not sound as perfect as they do on the studio albums but the  horns sound better, with that special kind of energy that comes from a  player playing live for an audience.<br />It's the closing horns of Josie  which remind me and add to Steely Dan's particular attraction.  It reminds  me that Steely Dan continues on....
B00000J7J4|4.0|I bought the CD before hearing any of the songs - one because I like Santana and two I like Tony Lindsay's voice.  Too bad he sang back up.  If you want to hear more of Tony, buy Santana's &quot;Milagro&quot; ('92).  He  sings the lead in &quot;Life is for Living&quot; and &quot;Make Somebody  Happy.&quot; Carlos plays a mean guitar.  I would recommend this to anyone  who is a Santana fan.  (Although I'm not too thrilled about &quot;Do you  Like the Way.&quot;)
B000002H97|5.0|This is one the best Metallica albums I've ever heard. Songs like &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;,&quot;Sad But True&quot;, &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; are some of the best  songs I've ever heard. If your a true Metallica fan, you have to have this  album.
6304196938|5.0|Perhaps Hitchcock's best film, and Cary Grant's best dramatic performance. Ad man Thornhill (Grant) is mistaken for a secret agent and is chased by professional murderers while he chases down the real secret agent.  Hitchcock proves that flashy special effects are not needed as Grant, while  drugged, drives down a curving, moutain road, and the viewer is taken along  for the ride with a fuzzy point-of-view shot. It makes you squirm right out  of your seat. See this movie if you never have experienced Hitchcock's  psychologocal mind-games or if you haven't yet realized that Cary Grant is  THE leading man of the century.
B00000J7J4|5.0|There are a relatively few remaining rock guitarists of the sixties, Carlos is one. His guitar work remains vibrant and beautiful. He continues to stay within his latin roots, while at the same time exploring other  musical expressions. Santana has transcended from the psychodelic 60 and  70's to the music of the new Millineum. I have listened to and purchased  his early recordings and have truely come to appreciate his latest  recording  Supernatual...
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd rox, i mean i bought it and listened to all of the songs at least 5 times over and over again rite away! That's how cool it is!  Trust me, it's the best cd ever!   I went from liking boy bands to punk rock and rock  and stuff just cuz of Blink!  I luv this cd!   U will too!
0964385619|3.0|I purchased this book for my 17 son. He is totally new to money matters. This book should serve him well for he has many years ahead of him to build his up his assets. Neverless, the wisdom in this book is nothing new and is  pretty much common sense - reduce your expense so you can start investing  in money producing investments. The author spends too time with his good  dad - bad dad stories when I would rather read more concrete examples  demonstrating his &quot;financial literacy&quot;. Also I think he discounts  education a little too much. Education is still the best vehicle for the  middle class to increase their income so they can start asset investing.  Try doing that on minimum wage.
1556154844|4.0|Unlike most computer books, I found myself reading whole chapters at a time rather than one of two sections.  While some of the earlier chapters on initial software design - having lots of meetings - was a bit of a hard  slog, the remainder of the book is an interesting if not relaxing read.   Although it is a Microsoft Press book, and the author has worked for  Microsoft, he gives examples in C++, Pascal, Ada, Basic etc. and does not  promote MS as such.  Because the book is getting a little old now, 1993, it  does not cover some of the newer languages such as Delphi, Java.  He has  interesting thoughts on the naming of variables, procedures, functions,  modules etc.  I wish more people would try to implement some of his ideas  in their own software.  While reading the book I found that he has  &quot;discovered&quot; many of the same things that I have, perhaps if I  had read the book earlier I would have discovered them sooner.  He also  discusses some of the more &quot;religious&quot; aspects of computing such  as indenting, commenting, globals and gotos.  In general he admits that  while some things should be avoided at all costs, there are times when a  goto or a global is a truly &quot;elegant&quot; solution.  Although the  book is a long read, over 800 pages, it is handy to have nearby for a quick  read while there is nothing on TV!
B00000G3PA|1.0|If only Mystery Science Theater 3000 was still being made.  I beleive I would actually be willing to sit through it again.  On par with &quot;The Beginning of the End.&quot;
0060194995|5.0|One cannot possibly read this book without thinking back to the innocence of their own childhood.  Remember when people were people?  And we couldn't understand why grown-ups talked about &quot;certain people&quot; ... none  of it made sense.  We were sure that all grown-ups were screwy. The  remarkable thing about To Kill a Mockingbird is that Lee captures the  moment when kids are shoved into a harsh, unforgiving environment in which  they don't at first understand.  With each turn of the page, the Jem and  Scout sink further into the ills of society and drift farther away from the  innocence they once knew.   <br /> I love this part in chapter 20- Scout:<BR>  I had a feeling that I shouldn't be here listening to this sinful man who  had mixed children and didn't care who knew it, but he was fascinating.  I  had never encountered a being who deliberately perpetrated fraud against  himself. But why had he entrusted us with his deepest secret? I asked him  why&quot;. <BR> &quot;Because you're children and you can understand  it,&quot; he said. <br />
B000002UYZ|4.0|If you're counting pennies and don't want to buy everything by this band (and, believe it or not, there are people who won't), this album and its blue companion are excellent choices.  Starting from their simplest  beginnings (&quot;Love Me Do&quot;) and taking us just to that point when  they start getting &quot;strange&quot; (&quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;), this  contains most of the Beatles' best known early work.  Yeah, they could have  fit all this onto one CD, but then it'd look pretty silly sitting next to  the fat blue one.  Also, subtract half a star for not putting on  &quot;Twist &amp; Shout&quot;, an excellent cover (and one of their biggest  hits as well).  Enough nitpicking - toss it on and enjoy.
B000002UA5|3.0|The influence of Syd Barett still shines through in what amounts to an early acid album. To the begining Pink Floyd Fan, this album sheds a lot of light on the early Pink Floyd. To those familiar with Wish You Were Here,  Animals, or The Wall, it will make you scratch your head and wonder how  Pink Floyd got to where it is now. Ummagumma sprinkles in an array of  bizzare sound effects along with long, discontent guitar and instrument  rifts. Those who want to expericance the full Floydian range should try it,  but those that want to stick to the more down-to Earth Floyd shouldnt  bother with it.
0446310786|1.0|I'll admit this was an assigned book for school, but please don't misjudge me.  I have read other books Anna Karenina of my own accord and loved them, and I am not criticizing this book because of bitterness of being forced  to.  I actually had not heard much about To Kill a Mockingbird before I  read it, due to the fact that I tend to read nineteenth century literature,  and I started this book with a fairly open mind.  As cliche as this story  is, I thought that the plot had great potential for making a powerful book,  but Harper Lee's approach to writing it seemed a mismatch.  The powerful  theme served merely as a backdrop to a far less interesting story. There  are points at which one can fairly hear the plot wheezing as it is being  choked by Lee's attempts at cuteness and nostalgia.  The descriptive  passages were rather crude, and at times the language became practically  unintelligable.  Am I the only person who despises dialect?  There are two  things I thought of that can affect the way people criticize this book.  One of these is fear of disliking a book at the risk of being labeled a  Philistine. The other of these is which books are read immediately before  reading a book.  The latter affected me in particular, as I was reading  Madame Bovary alongside this book.  The lack of any elegance and  refinement, which is so abundant in Madame Bovary, made the primitive style  of the writing even more displeasing.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This CD is great!  Offspring is the bomb!  They are a great live concert.  This Cd identifies how good their lyrics are.  Buy the CD! <br />P.S.:Best songs:Have You Ever, Staring At The Sun, and The Kids Aren't Alright.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I AM A MUSICIAN IN SAN JOSE CA.THAT HAS GROWN UP LISTENING AND PLAYING LATIN MUSIC ALL MY LIFE.I AM VERY PROUD TO BE VERY SUCCESSFUL WITH MY BAND MYSTIQUE AND I HAVE EVEN PERFORMED WITH CARLOS SANTANA'S BROTHER JORGE AND  WILL BE PERFORMING SAT JAN 8 2000 WITH SANTANA CONGUERO RAUL REKOW AT  FORMER SANTANA TIMBALE PLAYER PETE ESCOVEDOS NIGHTCLUB &quot;MR. E'S IN  BERKLEY CA.GROWING UP ON SANTANA AND HIS MUSIC I WAS VERY PLEASED TO SEE  HIM RELEASE THIS AWSOME CD THAT FEATURES SOME NEW IDEAS ALONG WITH THE  MEMORIES OF THE OLD SANTANA SOUNDS THAT INSPIRED ME TO LEARN TO PLAY MY  BASS GUITAR AND TRY MY LUCK AT MUSIC.I TOO HAVE RELEASED A CD AND SANTANAS  INFLUENCE IS ALIVE IN MY BANDS SOUND. THIS IS MY FAVORITE CD SINCE THE  MOONFLOWER ALBUM AND I RECOMEND IT TO EVERYONE ESPECIALLY LATINO MUSIC  LOVERS.THANK YOU EDWARD VILLALBAWWW.MYSTIQUEBAND.COM
6303014100|5.0|Great movie. I am 12 and just started reenacting with fellow yanks. Ths was a very moving movie but I fast-fowarded through a couple of the long talking sceenes. A must for everyone. If u didn't like tough luck. Too bad  Stonewall wasn't alive for this battle for he was by far the best general  of all time.
B000001EL7|2.0|Just for kicks, I went out last week and bought this CD. It was one of my favorites from my youth. <br />I'm now 38 and realize that this music is really for kids. Stupid lyrics and tunes that aren't all that memorable.  &quot;Christine Sixteen&quot; is a good song, as is &quot;Got Love For  Sale.&quot;<br />Every really listen to the words on &quot;Love Gun?&quot;  Geez, they sound like they were written on a hotel restaurant napkin in 10  minutes.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This is one of the finest movies I have ever seen in my entire life, and although I am only a mere 22 years old, I consider this a great feat as I have seen many an excellent movie. This movie is great because it is the  kind of movie that makes you believe in dreams and in fantasies. It takes  you away from the mundane life you may be wasting away and gives you faith  in your spirituality. If you don't believe me, see it for yourself! It'll  make you a believer!
079073320X|5.0|When I first heard of the movie, i thought it was going to be a bore.  But after watching it I realized that it was the best movie in the entire world!  I used to watch it very time I went babysitting but then realized  that I should just buy it.  So I did.  I think I have seen it more that 15  times but I love it every time I watch it. I read the book after I saw the  movie but it was VERY different.  I still enjoyed it though!  Now I have  both the movie and the book and my family gets sick of me watching it.  But  I think that they chose an awesome cast with excellent actors.  It is truly  the best movie in the entire world!
B000005H7D|5.0|This is an awesome jazz album that I believe most fans should own.  John Coltrane and his band are really cooking on this album, with Coltrane playing some magnificent solos.  Also, this album is enhanced so on your  computer you can load this disc in an see some other cool things.  This is  a great album, with cool enhanced capibilities, and is well worth its nice  price.
B00000634L|5.0|First I want to compliment Anna from England (below) on her review, very funny!<br />I also love this cd and cannot quit playing it.  It is a favorite at parties, and most people don't even know the tunes.  They're just  shaking thier rumps because they simply can't help it.  Buy it and let your  adventure begin.<br />The question I have is....where's the follow up.  I NEED  it.
0964385619|3.0|I found this book to be interesting, and it gave some very useful hints. It even provides a 10 step program to beoming rich. <br />The thing that I did not like was how the author seemed to be promoting real estate and other  high risk investments like penny stocks. Much of the book was dedicated to  how he made his money in real estate. While that was interesting, it was  not useful because most people don't make their money this way. <br />I did  like this book because the overall message was to educate yourself about  finance. I recommend that you highlight or take notes on the important  points you find, and ignore the rest.
B000002J0B|5.0|What is wrong with this guy? This album rules. All the songs rock, the singing is OUTSTANDING, the guitar is really good too. Buy this album if you like Led Zeppelin or rock music. Zeppelin rules.
0767802772|4.0|Who knew there were so many other people wanting the incredible soundtrack to this fun movie?  Does anyone who can make a difference read these reviews?  Boy, is there money to be made on this!  I've spent 2 years  searching for it and often turn on the movie just to hear some of the  music.  <br />I teach senior English and we study Kingsolver's Animal Dreams  for our contemporary literature piece...a parallel story in many ways to  Fools Rush In.  So it seems appropriate to use this movie in our study of  contemporary film.  They both provide a strong SouthWestern flavor and  address issues of blending the Anglo and Hispanic cultures, unwed  pregnancy, election of marriage partners, career choices, dealing with  parents... This all provides starting points for journal writing and  discussions that are relevent and meaningful to 18 year olds. And besides,  the kids--boys and girls--just love it!   What more could a teacher ask  for?  (but here's a little secret, I watch it at home too).
6300248569|3.0|I took someone's advice below and rented the movie.  I'm not what you would call a Jane Austen fan per se, but I do love the movie Pride &amp; Prejudice.  I've now seen all versions (the A&amp;E one about 5 times  alone!) and have to say that this one, though not bad, is not as satisfying  as the A&amp;E version.  I did like Garvie as Elizabeth Bennet, but Rintoul  was just a little too stiff for my taste. Still, when he finally warmed up  in the last 5 minutes of the movie, I could see his appeal..somewhat.  The  actress playing Jane Bennet didn't impress me at all.  She lacked the  sincere warmth and goodness I found in the A&amp;E Jane (Susannah Harker).  With nothing to really set her apart in her characterization of Jane, I  also kept getting her mixed up with the actress playing Kitty (in the  beginning) since they look a lot alike.  I felt that the characters in the  A&amp;E version were more well-defined and individual, from the swarmy  Wickham to the shrill Lydia (you just want to slap her around).  After a  couple of hours watching the BBC version, the women started to all sound  alike to me.  To sum it up, it wasn't bad if you're ignorant like I am and  haven't read the book and are relying only on the plot and acting to base  an opinion on.  The A&amp;E version I would give 5 stars to.  This BBC  version I would only give 3 stars to...just because I love the story.  I  would also recommend renting it before buying it so you can decide for  yourself if it's worth the money.
6305603847|5.0|The Wall is a breathtaking look into the human psychosis of a man who slowly draws himself from the world and eventually his own humanity. Breathtaking video with great animation, and hearing Pink Floyd's music  entwine you with Dolby Surround Sound make this movie entrancing and  amazing, no matter how many times you watch it.
0393317552|1.0|With a growing body of scientific literature citing possible mental differences between the races, Jared Diamond's Guns, Germs, and Steel seeks to put the race-genie back in the bottle by offering a positive account for  the disparate achievement of races in terms of geography.  Thus, Diamond  takes an immediate step in the wrong direction.  Rather than trying to  explain human culture in terms of human biology, he dismisses any such  notion as &quot;loathsome&quot;, and proceeds to tell us that geography is  the one and only factor for the rise of the West in art, science,  literature and the rest of the panoply of modernity.  In other words, don't  credit Shakespeare for King Lear or Newton for Calculus, credit the barley  and oats, the fertile land and bountiful hills they lived in.  Despite the  implausibility of such a theory, Diamond's book is much more cogent than  other egalitarian tracts like the Mismeasure of Man and the History and  Geography of Human Genes since it has a definite thesis with clear and  useful implications.  Unfortunately for Diamond this is also his undoing,  since the racialist worldview can account for much more of the empirical  world than the geographic thesis can.  In the final chapter of his book  Diamond states, in no uncertain terms, that if any other group had been  similarly situated in Europe they would have gone on to replicate the  achievements of the Caucasoid race.  It is my contention that this claim is  untenable and should be abandoned in favor of the racialist thesis. <br />      Refuting Diamond's thesis does not require pointing out any factual  inaccuracies in the work, anymore than challenging the Marxian  interpretation of history requires denying that the feudal system gave way  to an industrial one.  The hallmark of a scientific theory lies in its  predictive value and to the extent Theory A explains less than Theory B  puts Theory A into question.  The scientific method follows the logic of  Ockham's razor which impels us toward clarity and simplicity.  In summing  the idea of Ockham's razor Frederick Copleston offers a useful  illustration: &quot;That it is by experience that we come to know that one  thing is the cause of another is, of course, a common-sense position.  So,  for the matter of that, is Ockham's idea of the test which should be  applied in order to ascertain whether A, B, or C is the cause of D or  whether we have to accept a plurality of causes.  If we find that when A is  present D always follows, even when B and C are absent, and that when B and  C are present but A is absent D never follows, we must take it that A is  the cause of D.&quot;  Good.  Now, let's make the example more concrete and  assign values to the variables, so let A (genes), B (geography), C  (political discrimination, and D (observed race differences).  It is now a  simple empirical test to see if observed race differences are due to A, B,  or C.  A few obsevations are in order: 1) Africa is the poorest part of the  planet, has high infant mortality rates, loose pair-bonding and no history  of intellectual achievement or sustainable civilization.  Africans who live  in the United States also have high infant mortality rates, loose  pair-bonding, high poverty rates, and are virtually absent in jobs  requiring technical knowledge.   2) Europeans who live in the United States  are wealthy, tend to have stable marriages, commit few crimes, and  constitute the bulk of intellectual achievement in the arts, sciences and  literature.  Since the United States does not have the geography of either  Europe or Africa, why do the identical traits characteristic of Europeans  and Africans persist?   3) During the late 18th century Haiti was one of  the richest parts of the new world.  The French had installed roads,  bridges, an irrigation system and was one of the the principal trading  partners in the Caribbean.  After a mulatto led rebellion in 1804 Haiti has  been ruled by blacks, and is nowthe poorest country in the western  hemisphere.  Haiti is 95% black and has a life-expectancy of 53 years,  similar to other African nations like Nigeria.  If it is geography that  determines the civilization of a people, why did Haiti change so  drastically after it came under the management of Africans?  Now, which  theory has more explanatory power, Diamond's model which predicts that  geography largely determines the characer of a people, or the racialist  model which claims that biology plays a key role?  It is obvious.  Consider  another realistic scenario: After South Africa continues its policy of  bi-racial integration and white flight continues, what will be the result?   It is clear what the racialist model predicts (it is happening now), but  what does Diamond's model predict? And why?  So why should anyone seriously  consider Diamond's &quot;scientific&quot; theory when it has no predictive  value.  And why should anyone reject the racialist model when it retains  its explanatory force across continents and time?  <br />    In accordance  with Ockham's razor it is clear that an explanation that appeals to  geography or political discrimination is illogical and unscientific.  So  until racial egalitarianism is observed or until supporting evidence is  forthcoming I will continue to adopt the skeptics credo: I will believe it  when I see it.  The curtain is down, egalitarianism must rank as the  greatest hoax of the 20th century.  Somewhere out there Mr. Piltdown Man is  laughing at us. :)
B000002U3P|5.0|If you want a CD that is entirely good buy this and nothing more. Nothing can top the greatness of this soundtrack. We were all &quot;Born Slippy&quot;.
068484267X|5.0|This book had a profound effect on me. I certainly found parts of it difficult to read through and there were several times I had to put the book down because it was too overwhelmingly sad. I wouldn't recommend  reading this book while eating either. I was so moved by the author's  unapologetic straighforwardness. He told of a miserable childhood but there  was very little self pity I thought. I can't wait to see the movie to see  if it compares.
0140177396|5.0|I have never not a big reader, but finding this book has changed my perspective on books like this.  This book is full of realistic entertainment.  i couldn't put this book down.  it is an awesome book that  i would recommend for anyone.  The ending is a tearjerker, so have kleenex  ready.  READ IT, I PROMISE YOU WILL LOVE IT!
6302759110|4.0|Bram Stoker's Dracula is hands down one of the greatest movies ever, EXCEPT for Keanu Reeves and Winona Ryder. Gary Oldman and occasionally Sadie Frost, in my opinion, carry the whole movie from start to finish.  Every scene in this &quot;gothic extravaganza&quot; is seductive and  brilliant except for the scenes that include Keanu Reeves and sometimes the  scenes that include Winona Ryder. Gary Oldman IS the only Dracula that ever  was, ever will be, and ever should be. You know you're watching a good  actor when he can take your breath away despite the not-so-good supporting  actors, and I'm not speaking of Sadie Frost or Anthony Hopkins. I would  have given this amazing film 5 stars, but unfortunately Keanu Reeves had  too many scenes.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|Personally, I think she's much better as an actress than as a singer.  I mean everytime I listen to her sing, she reminds me that she is no Mariah or Whitney!  Her voice isn't that solid compared to other singers!
0385493800|3.0|Like all Grisham books, this one gets you in right from the beginning with a pacy opening and complicated, interesting characters. I found myself enjoying the journey,visualising the jungle with it`s beauty and dangers,  involved with the natives and understanding and identifying with the  conflicts of the troubled lawyer. However , I soon started to realise that  we were running short of pages to satisfactorily conclude the adventure. At  the end I felt let down with the lack of closure and suspicious that we`d  been set up for a sequel. Enjoy it while it lasts.
B00001OH7G|5.0|Buy this CD and listen to the majesty as Mr. Gallagher lays down the Blues the way Muddy Waters, Howling' Wolf and the rest of the forefather would have wanted it.  Simply put...on his worth day Rory Gallagher wiped up any  stage Eric  Clapton ever step upon and that's the truth.
0783114222|5.0|This is an amazing collection.  Originally aired on HBO, the series is divided into episodes that tell the story of America's journey to the moon, from conception to exploration.  This isn't a documentary, but a re-telling  of history.  Very well done!  The mixing of historic footage with artistic  cinematography is excellent.  This is a &quot;must have&quot; for any DVD  collection.
0140042520|5.0|I have been to California and the Sierra Nevada Mountains, but after reading this thought provoking novel I realized I have never been there. Before I was just going through the motions of a tourist. Now when I go  back(hopefully this Summer)I am really going to experience the beauty of  the mountains and nature. This novel stirred up some very powerful emotions  inside of me such as living life how I want to live it, not how everybody  else wants me to live it (Up to this point in my life I am not sure I have  been doing that). If it was not currently Winter I would be heading toward  the American West with my rucksack, ready to climb the mountain.  Read this  novel I guarantee you it will be a rewarding experience.
0788816454|1.0|In my Austin Powers 2 review I stated that Adam Sandler is the only actor who might be up for the running to be called WORST ACTOR OF ALL TIME! And movie does nothing but prove my point! Stupid typical kind of movie I have  at least come to expect from Sandler! COMPLETE GARBAGE!
B00000K19E|5.0|If you are into special effects, breath-taking action and maximum sound, this is the movie for you.  The special effects (such as the pausing of action as the camera angle changes as well as the slowing and increasing  speeds of action sequences)are truly the first of its kind , and has  already started to be copied by new movies coming out.  The DVD is packed  with many extra features which makes it a must-have for everyone.  The  sound and picture quality are great and will test the limits of any A/V  system.  I never thought I would like a movie with K. Reeves, but he is  actually very good in this movie...I think it is because he didn't have to  act to much.  This is a sci-fi thriller that will keep you on the edge of  your seat, and lift you out of the seat in its action-packed final minutes.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Could you survive without this CD - of course - but what a sad life it would be.  I've been a fan of Stevie's from the beginning but there's magic in the music he makes with Albert King.  Obviously they were put on this  earth to combine their talents.  How unfortunate that they didn't record a  warehouse full of tracks.  If you buy only one SRV CD make it this one!
0385312083|5.0|Billy Pilgrim has to be the weakest hero of any novel ever written and yet he might be the most beautiful. Through his ignorance and innocence we see how stupid war is. To bad Vonnegut did not write this novel earlier, who  knows maybe some of our esteemed leaders of the early 60s would have got a  hold of it and read it and maybe they would not have instituted a draft and  fought a war in Southeast Asia. That is how powerful a novel this is.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion has done it again--she has yet another number one album under her belt.  This album is a fantastic mix of her &quot;greatest hits&quot; as well as some catchy new songs like &quot;That's the way it is&quot; and  &quot;Then you look at me&quot;.  I bought this album the first day it was  released and took it into work with me.  My co-workers, several of which  were Celine fans and some who weren't too familiar with her, all took to  this CD right away.  I feel it is one of her best.
0060975768|5.0|Had war planners in Washington D.C. experienced what Lieutenant Colonel Harold Moore saw in his first weeks of combat in 1965 the tragedy of America's involvement in the Vietnam War might well have been avoided. In  the fall of 1965 Moore's 1st Battalion of the 7th Cavalry Regiment engaged  North Vietnamese soldiers at Ia Drang.<br />The Battle for Ia Drang showed for  the first time the steep cost American soldiers would pay in their  engagements with the vietnamese communists and set into play a frustrating  pattern that would persist until the end of the war- American units would  inflict heavy casualties upon the communist forces, but the enemy would  simply slip away into the underbrush, leaving behind nothing but dead  Americans and an empty jungle.<br />&quot;We Were Soldiers Once . . . And  Young&quot; is Moore and reporter Joseph Galloway's account of the 1st  Cavalry Division's initial deployment to Vietnam and America's first combat  actions with the North Vietnamese Army. The lessons Moore learned at Ia  Drang showed just how difficult victory in Southeast Asia would be for  American forces. The lessons learned by Moore and his troops would have  served American decision-makers well.<br />&quot;We Were Soldiers Once . . .  And Young&quot; is both a terrifically exciting narrative about the Battle  of Ia Drang, and a cautionary tale about the clash between strategic  planning and the tactical realities of warfare. Unrealistic assumptions can  lead to tragic results. Good work.
B00000DFRS|5.0|Many singers pick the topic of love because that's what everyone else does with the exception of few. But we're not talking about other singers.  We're talking about Whitney Houston.  She picks the topic of love because  she knows what people feel when they are in love, and she suceeds in  reaching even them, further than other groups or solo singers.  I think  Whitney really worked on this cd to make it what it is now: a big hit.
0425129586|5.0|I hate reading books.  Almost all of them.  But when I read this one i started liking them.  The story is almost all climax and only boring in the beginning.  I think this is her best mystery of all.  DON'T BELIEVE ANY OF  THE BAD REVIEWS!  THIS BOOK IS AWESOME!  Don't get bored in the  beginning.  Stick with it because it's worth it.
B00000IPAX|5.0|this cd is awsome! when i bought this cd i didnt know how good it would be, but it is the best cd iv ever heard! I cant wait until the next cd comes out!
0792842731|4.0|Pierce Brosnan's second performance as James Bond comes off somewhat better than his first, the largely forgettable Goldeneye.<br />Bond films, as a rule, have a certain formula which must be obeyed at all times- the world  must be in jeopardy, the villain must be an insane egomaniac whose plot for  world domination is ridiculously overdone yet somehow plausible (having an  eccentric cast of Bond-hating henchmen is a plus), the action must be fast  and furious, and the locales must be beautiful and exotic. And, naturally,  Bond's female costars must all be ravishingly beautiful women. Tomorrow  Never Dies has most of these elements.<br />The performances are all quite  acceptable- More so than Lazenby, Moore, or Dalton, Brosnan feels like a  good fit as 007. Suave, sophisticated, dashing, Brosnan's Bond has the  right combination of arrogence, intelligence and good humor to recall Sean  Connery. Jonathan Pryce delivers an outstanding performance as a Bill  Gates/Rupert Murdoch-type tycoon who attempts to start World War Three to  boost the ratings of his news empire. Pryce's villain is a welcome change  from most Bond films- he wants to control information, not the world, and  is prepared to use nontraditional means of warfare to meet his goal.<br />The  Bond girls this time around are a mixed bag- Michelle Yeoh is outstanding  as Bond's counterpart for Chinese Intelligence, but Terri Hatcher was  less-than-convincing in her role and seems to have been added to the cast  solely to appeal to guys who surf the internet. <br />The action sequences are  well-done, particularly an exciting chase through a parking garage where  Bond drives his BMW by remote control, but feel rushed at times. The  Vietnam scenery (in real life Thailand) is stunningly pretty, but the  German scenery is too bland.<br />A good Bond film, but not great.
B00000IPAX|4.0|if you are new and want expert advice listen to me  1 dude ranch..............2 cheshire cat.........3 buddha................... 4 line up...............5 enama of the state
B000003BDJ|5.0|IF YOU WANT JUST ONE STONES ALBUM IN YOUR COLLECTION,THIS IS THE ONE TO GET. ALL THERE PRIME MATERIAL IS HERE FROM A TIME WHEN THEY WERE YOUNG AND CARED ABOUT WHAT THEY DID.ALSO,THIS WAS THE TIME THAT THEY,AND EVERYBODY  WERE TRYING TO COMPETE WITH THE BEATLES (COMPETITION CAN BE A WONDERFUL  THING), SO, YOU REALLY CANT GO WRONG WITH THIS SET,IT'S FROM A ERA WHEN  THESE GUYS MADE A REAL CONTRIBUTION TO THE WORLD OF MUSIC.
0783233477|1.0|If you like scenes where the characters stare at each other for 10 minutes while moving there lips slightly and tilting there heads a little then this one is for you.  I'm not exaggerating, 10 minutes, maybe longer.  The only  real entertainment comes in trying to figure out what the director could  have been thinking.  There is also a section on the dvd where the actors  talk about what a genius the director is and how all the actors they worked  with were geniuses(Very funny to watch after seeing the movie).
B000002NHN|5.0|When I first heard this album, which was my first listening experience with Loreena McKennitt, my first reaction was sadness.  I'm 52 years old, I love music, and I have gone many years being unaware of this woman's work.  Hearing &quot;The Book of Secrets&quot; made me realize how many beautiful,  haunting works of musical art must exist in the world, which I have never  had the good fortune to hear.  To not be too gushy about it, this is a  beautiful album which carries you to a time and place far away from  everyday America.  It almost makes you want to open your own scroll covered  book of secrets, and read mystical thoughts. I have already placed my order  for two more of her beautiful works. If you have to choose music to touch  the soul, choose this.
B00000K19E|5.0|Keanu Reeves and Lawerence Fishburne star in a woderful cast.  Not only is the script priceless the stars play their characters to the letter.  What I love about the movie is it's new twists.  These directors are brilliant and  are willing to go to any lengths to achieve perfection.  Remember the only  way to see how they made the movie is to buy the DVD and it's worth it.            Please take the Red Pill!
B00001U0GQ|3.0|Imagine my disappointment when I viewed the DVD version of this epic tale of early America.  The audio transfer is TERRIBLE!   Much of the dialogue is barley audible and the music has lost much of it's depth.  What happened  to the Clannad vocal for \\"Wherever you may go I will find you...\\" ?    The  only vocal and they cut it!   The added scenes are non-plus as far as I am  concerned.  I enjoyed the VHS version and wish I had bought it over this  director's cut edition.  Hopefully someone will do another competent DVD  transfer faithful to the original version.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This album is incredible. It was Time Magazine's Pick for Album of the year, and Pulse's pick for metal album of the year. (although metal isn't the best genre to put it in.) It's probably recieved other awards too.  Anyway, all 12 songs are incredible, nothing weak. Their mixture of music  and politics is not unique, but they're the best.
0782008364|5.0|I love this movie!  It's fun and sexy and fastpaced.  This movie has already become one of my favorites.  It's a great romance as well as a great mafia story.  A movie that you'll want to watch repeatedly.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Yes, Carlos as another reviewer put it,&quot;on Supernatural, is pure&quot;. He has a gift, just ask Clapton or Jeff Beck...they will tell you. He has always stood with the best and as Clapton...was long overdue.  Go back to his Inner Secrets Album. That collection of music should have  won every award there was.I am just pleased he finally recieved the  recognition he deserves.Anyone who knows guitar playing will know that  those rich tones with forever sustain will warm the coldest soul.If this is  the first you have noticed Carlos, and I say this for the very young  audiophile.Because if you are over 30 years old and listen to music and do  not know who he is...glad you came out of your coma!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Yes five stars. They deserve more credit than just five. Their whole Cd has a very gripping tale in it. The dark mood set in this CD was put there for reason. One that no one would ever be sure of, but in the darkness the  light will show you.  One song that has struck me is I DON'T KNOW YOU  ANYMORE. If you've been in a relationship before that involved love you'll  understand everything. The whole song has a defenite split in it, this  comes back to where I was acknowleging the realtionship. The not knowing of  someone is compared through the way the situation of the relationship  between two people dies after the break from each other. Everything that is  the same as it was before looks very unfamiliar after the love lost has  gone and all that is left is what happened, but there is no assurance of  anything the two had together. AFFIRMATION has a very forthright nature to  it. It involves belief. Which is shown completely through the songs'  content. It really makes you understand the lyrics more when you hear it  again and again.  I KNEW I LOVED YOU is not just not just another parable  of a love song. If you have any love in your life, crushes, lust - any kind  - I knew I loved you is a statement of personal love experience.  CRASH and  BURN is there for you. If you jump, it will break your fall. The Anxiety of  everything going wrong in life and being pushed too far. The song itself  aquires a mood of help from frustration.  CHAINED TO YOU could be, in it's  own way the sequel to I KNEW I LOVED YOU. The obsession and need of this  person feels very essential at the time in life. NOTE: This time will come  to everyone at some point. YOU CAN STILL BE FREE could possibly tie in with  CHAINED TO YOU and I KNEW I LOVED YOU. The whole CD ties into itself which  brings forth hence the title, Affirmation. It should be called Affirmation:  A guideline unto life.   &quot;Tis the wind, and nothing more&quot;~The  Raven, Edar Allen Poe<br />It depends if you want to listen to 'the wind' or  not.
B00000099Y|2.0|Forget all the packaging, ranting, raving, swearing and sonic gizmos. This is actually an unadventurous, largely uninteresting, predictable rock album.  I'd retitle it: &quot;More of What We Think You're Expecting.&quot;
B000001FYL|4.0|Releasing this solo album, Jon Bon Jovi showed his softer side compared to what the band Bon Jovi had done so far (its clearly best album is, by the way, New Jersey).<br />And he did good. Because on Blaze Of Glory, he gets  a lot of things out of his system which he couldn't get out in the band. In  the lyrics as well as musically.<br />Of course, this created an album  definitely worth hearing, and on which every single track is good pop-rock!  When I bought the LP years ago, I listened to it at least five times a day  for weeks, and it is still among my nostalgic favourites.<br />The top track  is the beautiful Santa Fe which is introduced by the Billy The Kid  tribute Blood Money.<br />Blaze Of Glory is worth buying, especially taken  into consideration that neither Bon Jovi nor Jon Bon Jovi have succeeded in  making anything that accomplished since then.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Well I nearly bought the bootleg version and I am glad I waited because not only did I get it cheaper but the quality is top notch.  Well what can I say about the music other than it is maybe the most unique thing a heavy  metal band has ever done before.  Metallica has no boundaries and who knows  what is next from these genuises.  They were the first Thrash band worth  their salt and made it through the death of Cliff Burton and followed his  death with the classic And Justice album.  They had the balls to put out a  double cd set of all cover tunes which is definatly a first for a heavy  metal band.  They are not the Led Zeppilin of the of our age like some  people like to say.......they are the band in which all others will be  measured for this entire century.   God bless Metallica
0786860707|4.0|I wouldn't say this is a book on animation, rather a general synopsis of a style of animation which is quite wonderous and in itself another art form. It does not explain so much the drawing, or its technique so much as the  process and general thoughts on its topic. There are plenty of other books  which will give you a better idea on certain area's of animation, but  nothing will give you a broad and over all priese of fine animation of  refining techniques. It lays the ground work for developing your own style  (hopefully?) All and all, pretty slick!
B000000WJZ|5.0|I first heard the Pumpkins when I was 13, and the local radio station played &quot;Soma&quot; off this album. Now I'm 19 and it's still my favorite song and still my favorite album. Each song is beautiful, whether  Billy is screaming or whispering. It doesn't matter. They're the best.
3829008279|5.0|Emma Woodhouse is a witty young lady of Hartfield, in England during the nineteenth century.  She learns of life and love during the whirlwind fo events that change her life forever.      Jane Austen has really outdone  herself this time.  The book desplays a charming sense of humor and  knowledge  from the author's point of view and the way each character is  portrayed gives a beautiful visual effect in the mind.  If this book proves  its worth I would certainly say that any of the other novels written by  Jane Austen are as wonderful as this book was for me.
630518299X|4.0|Whilst I thought the Truman Show was a very good movie, I think it was overrated. It was a weird concept with a MOW (Master of Weirds) in the leading role. I thought it was really funny and a well developed plot and  taught us all a valuable lesson - to question what we simply assume is the  truth. We have to find out for ourselves what is true by questioning even  the very roots of what we believe to be truth. The movie brings this out  well - my favorite parts - when everyone stops at the screeching noise and  when the boat bumps into the edge of the dome. A worthwhile movie, but not  the best.
0440234743|1.0|THE OPENING WAS A GOOD IDEA FOR A STORY. I WAS VERY INTERESTED. ABOUT HALFWAY INTO THE BOOK I WAS GETTING NERVOUS. I WAS RIGHT. WHAT A LONG DRAWN OUT AFFAIR IT WAS. NOT UP TO PAR FOR THIS WRITTER.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I've been a Santana fan for a long time and love MOST of the new CD but why oh why was Carlos moved to include Lauryn Hill and Cee-Lo on this hot disk?  Lauryn Hill !   I'll spare everyone my TRUE feelings about Hill,  Cee-Lo and the rest of the inhabitants of that genre...booooooo!  Anyway -  great job Carlos - my Fender Mexican thanks you also!
B0000024Z7|3.0|This album is vastly overrated by critics on Amazon, I'm afraid. Outside of the exceptional percusion and drumming, this album lacks the intensity of Santana's previous efforts and is an uninspiring listen. For some  reason, Santana decided to move into the realm of jazz but instead of  cranking out the perfect combination of jazz and latin sounds, this album  comes accross as the sort of cheesy jazz you hear in a modern jazz club.  It's not horrible by any means, but there is a fine line between good and  bad jazz and Carlos is walking right down the center of it. Stick to  Carlos' first three albums for some of the best latin music ever recorded  and if you want jazz then it's time to delve into Miles Davis and John  Coltrane.
B000000OQF|5.0|ok,ok,ok first let me say yes guns n roses are from the 80s but dont let that convince you that  they should be lumped in with alot of the slop that came out in that decade, that would be like  saying the who or the stones  were just another 60s band,its a bunch of malarkey.In my humble o  opinion,there have been only 4 bands to have a  bigger effect on rock n  roll than guns and they are the who, the rolling stones, the beatles and  led zeppelin, more specifically , appetite is still the strongest baddest  most brilliant rock n roll record to come out since 1980, guns didnt follow  any trends, didnt need to be fashionable with what they wore, axl and slash  and company just went out and played rock n roll just like it was supposed  to be played, thats with attitude  and fierce talent.With respect to this  record i would say the best songs on this thing are &quot;youre  crazy&quot;, &quot;rocket queen&quot; &quot;mr brownstone&quot; and of  course the classic &quot;sweet child o mine&quot;. You can  have youre  politically correct michael stipe or  youre trend following fred durst and  jonathan davis, ill take the unapologetic attitude of one  axl rose and  company and day of the week and twice on sunday.Put simply if i could give  this cd 15 stars it still wouldnt be enough.  see ya!
0446525537|1.0|Sigh....looks like a late ditch effort to get a book out before the holidays to pay for the family boat.  I loved 'The Notebook'.  This pales in comparison.  Believe me, borrow a copy from a friend if you're curious.   Hope this is not a trend....
B00001R3GI|5.0|Not only is this the best Stones album, it is one of the best albums EVER recorded, by any artist, at any time. After the psychedelic 60's and the death of guitarist Brian Jones, the band with newly recruited (ex-John Mayall's Blues Breakers) lead guitarist Mick Taylor entered the 70's with a swaggering reckless abandon that bands ever since have tried unsuccessfully to copy.<br />On this LP they go WAY back to their roots (blues, gospel, R&B, country, early rock n roll) and actually make you think that this is the way music WAS. The truth is, it wasn't, and the Stones bring alot to the party in terms of amazing songwriting.<br />The singles are the gospel influenced \\"Tumbling Dice\\" and the Keith Richards sung \\"Happy\\", both of which are timeless classics. But this originally double record gets much better. The adrenaline pumping \\"Rip This Joint\\" is the definition of juke joint wildness, the raucus \\"Sweet Virginia\\" the most rockin' & memorable song that you'll NEVER hear on the radio (what a chorus!). The powerful \\"Loving Cup\\" is perhaps the most passionate song they've written, perhaps beaten only by the gorgeous \\"Shine A Light\\" or \\"Let it Loose\\" (with Mac Rebennack, a.k.a. Dr. John supplying keyboards).<br />If nothing else, the Stones take endlessly varying types of blues & roots music and write great songs around them (\\"I Just Wanna See His Face\\", \\"Casino Boogie\\", \\"Stop Breaking Down\\", \\"Black Angel\\"). And the results are stunning, and leave you feeling like this was the greatest party that you never went to (\\"All Down The Line\\").<br />There is just so much music here that it may take a few listens to get it. And this is an ALBUM. It works best as a whole.<br />Like a heroin, cocaine & booze fueled train that goes careening uncontrolably down the tracks, this is the album that forever dispelled the notion that the Stones were nothing more than a rip-off of the Beatles.
6304044836|5.0|Being a huge Audrey Hepburn fan, I NEVER thought I would find the remake as entertaining as the original. But was I ever wrong!<br />Julia Ormond's transformation to the luminously beautiful &quot;woman of the world&quot;  Sabrina, is every bit as believable as Hepburn's earlier transformation.  Ormond's chemistry with Harrison Ford is far  more believable and charming,  as Linus tries to distract Sabrina from her obsessive fascination with his  younger brother, David, now engaged to the daughter of a business  associate.<br />Harrison Ford gives his portrayal of Linus the needed humanity  that Bogart's portrayal lacked. Linus, in Ford's capable hands, revealed  the weight of being the older, more responsible brother, in whom the family  fortune rested. Yet, Linus yearned to fall in love, and until Sabrina's  return from Paris, and their mock courtship, he didn't believe it could  ever happen. I really believed he was falling in love with Ormond's  Sabrina.<br />Ford's Linus seemed genuinely heartbroken when he admitted the  truth about the Paris trip to Sabrina. He watched with dismay, as her heart  broke, to realize he'd been playing her for a fool during their romance.  That's why their reunion in Paris, at the end, was so satisfying!<br />Greg  Kinear's David was also more humane and less calculating, than William  Holden's in the original version. I felt David's anger at his brother's  deceptive romance of Sabrina. And so   his  punching Linus was a more  realistic response. <br />I highly recommend this movie to all romantics! It  also makes a great date film. A great update of an earlier classic, this  film may well become a classic in its own right.
B000001FOL|4.0|Guess what.  Nico was aware of the fact that she was not technically a great singer.  She came out of a European tradition of &quot;chanteuses&quot; or cabaret where style and substance blurred.  What  she later built onto that was an understanding of avant-garde poetry and  music. That's why one critic (richard goldstein) referred to her as  &quot;another cooler Dietrich for another cooler generation&quot; (ok, ok,  so he was no doubt flattering himself there too, but he had a point).<br />For  me, &quot;Chelsea Girl&quot; was a lovely first solo effort. Her later  music became infinitely more daring and challenging.  Many people can  listen to this lp for the wrong reasons (nice songs; where else can you  hear all this early Jackson Browne?). Those same folks are lost with the  Marble Index or Desertshore.  <br />Nico hat mein Leben grundsaetzlich  geaendert.  Ohne sie haette ich niemals Deutsch studiert.
6303471714|5.0|I had lost this video during our move and had to get another one that's how good it is!   After having my second baby I wanted to get back in shape and this has helped me tremendously. You will feel like you've done a hard  workout the next day...you won't move as fast!   Cindy stresses in her  video to take breaks which I've found out is very important and beneficial  because your reps need to be strong. Don't try to keep up if your out of  shape because it'll wear you out. It has alternating workouts for each day.  The last one is a quick workout when you don't have a lot of time to do the  45min. ones. The music is great and as you build your muscles you will burn  more fat. I've lost 10 pounds and I'm feeling great!  I've never found  another video like it. I tend to stick to all the Cindy Crawford ones!
B00003OSTK|5.0|Even today this mult-star blockbuster film crackles with wit, temperament and vitality all stemming from the cream of MGM's then-finest talent. Joan Crawford is very vivacious and appealing here, and her acting style is very  different from the rather wooden zombie we saw in the forties and fifties.  Barrymore and Garbo do well in their roles and Wallace Beery is impressive  as the German Preysing. To get an idea of just how much times have changed,  Crawford's fee for her playing of Flaemmchen was a mere $60,000!
0385334206|5.0|Is it possible to say anything new about a  book that has been in print for ~30 years, that has been read by millions, and which is widely studied in schools and universities?<br />No... but I do want to say that I loved  every word (and illustration). You can pick up this old novel and get a  very fresh outlook both on the human condition and on how novels ought to  be written. <br />Vonnegut writes like he is explaining life on Earth to alien  children. It is a tool that produces incredibly poignant satire, which he  uses effectively to give commentary on conditions of life that the vast  majority of us accept without even noticing. The language used is very  simple but wonderfully lyrical, less-than-average readers will fly right  through it.<br />Although clearly sadenned by his life, and by his  observations of the planet, Vonnegut wrote a masterpiece that remains  hopeful in its despair.<br />Kurt Vonnegut is a genius, and will no doubt be  recognized as one of the 20th Century's greatest.
B00000JCB3|1.0|This album is no good at all. Limp Bizkit has potential to become a great speed metal bad, but this album proves a high failure. The album has tasteless cheap rap mixed with pieces of heavy metal music that are great,  but just pieces ! You know the band has a cool name, it reminded me of a  band of the eighties called Laaz Rocket- Fred Durst has to improve in  feeling the light when it comes to singing.  The only thing good about this  album is the front cover with the kid rapper strutting his stuff, and the  band's logo on the Cd, and that is it.  Limp Bizkit should write music and  songs that compare to Ice T's Cop Killer, and with the great  heavy metal  rhythms that  Overkill  plays on their albums.{a heavy metal band-and a  respected one}. If you want an album that has cheezy music with no effort  at all buy this album, but if your looking for an album that has great  music, and vocals, buy another album.
0440234743|5.0|Boy, am I glad I didn't see Amazon's reader reviews before I read this book.  I would've been negatively influenced and I would never have given myself the opportunity to read one of the most enjoyable stories I've read  in a long time.  C'mon people, we're not talking Ayn Rand here...no deep,  philosophical symbolism...this book is pure entertainment at it's finest.   Take it for what it is and get lost in it.  This book is lot of fun.
6303433766|5.0|Scroll through the reviews below and you'll see it's nearly unanimous - one of the greatest movies of all time.  Riveting, emotionally intense and ultimately horrific.  Kate Winslet and Melanie Lynskey are both fabulous -  all the more remarkable since this was the first motion picture for both of  them.<br />See the longer New Zealand version - more detail about Dr. Hulme's  forced departure from his position; see him &quot;bark&quot; as his family  sings &quot;How much is that doggie in the window&quot; and a crestfallen  but worldly Juliet dismissing her mother's explanation that she was  &quot;just serving tea&quot; to the man in her bed.
0882847953|4.0|If you're a beginner and just learning how to read music (for drums) this is a great book.  It is good to have a teacher go through this book with you, and maybe add in some things... it is always good and very helpful to  count out loud while going through this book.  The book is only snare +  bass, and starts with quarters, then goes on to eights, sixteenths,  triplets, and even sixteenth-note triplets.  It also has a few rolls, and  in the end it teaches you accents.
B00003CWHS|1.0|This movie was absolutely the dumbest horror movie ever made. I suggest For any who thinks this is scary to watch The Excorcist. Then you'll really get the hell scared out of you.I have to admit though that the movie did  make me laugh and nobody could've made it better than  Bruce Campbell. This  movie might have made it bigger if it was located in the comedy section of  a video store.
B00000J7J4|4.0|i think this cd is great,it brings out the old santana that i grew up listening to and it mixes with the music of today.smoothe is the best track on this cd,way to go carlos.keep making that guitar sing like always  have.and keep trying this new thing ,its working out great,i love it as  well as everyone else.
B000031WD9|3.0|This is almost no different from the original version there is just a change in one of the scenes and an extra line or two.  I suggest renting it before you buy it, to see if it is really worth it.
B00000J7J4|4.0|To me this album, at first, was not what I would listen to, or even buy.  But, after listening to the CD at my brother's place, it was a CD worth to buy. An avid listener of all types of music, Santana goes straight to the  top ten of the genre of music I listen to. Although, O Ye Como Va still  reins supreme, Smooth comes in second as my faves of Santana.
B000002AT6|5.0|Legends of the Fall, has become one of my favourite movies. James Horner's music helped for that. Although I don't have the CD (I'm from Greece and I can't find it!) I loved the music! It's absolutely great! I would give  anything to buy this CD. I also have many movie soundtracks (including  Horner's score for Titanic) but Legends of the Fall...is something else. I  recommend this CD to every music fan out there.
6305311463|3.0|I enjoyed this movie.  The original movie was spectacular.  If you are thinking of buying this movie for added footage you may want just to buy the normal DVD, but if you want an indepth look on the creation on this  movie get this.  It has a great gag real and commentary.
B00002EPJH|5.0|This is the album we have been waiting for from Keith. He let's the pieces breath and time stops for a while, to let us dream, to feel the night as Jarrett reaches his own peak and cries out for more.
038533348X|5.0|Being an avid Vonnegut head, I hold this as one of my personal favorites. I either recommend this or Slaugterhouse 5 for friends who want to explore Vonnegut's writings
0446310786|5.0|I first read this book in fifth grade, as an assignment for school.  Now I'm a freshman in high school, and I've read it three or four times since!  This book is good for anyone, but it depends on their maturity level.  The  content was a little heavy for fifth graders, but as you get older, you  really start to like it more.  I'd recommend it to anyone!
B00001OH7Y|4.0|If the 1970s were a hellish journey for David Bowie, Scary Monsters represents the first night home, a blanket wrapped round the shivering figure, cup of cocoa in one hand and a series of really awful flashbacks  and nightmares everytime he falls asleep.<br /><br />Okay, that sounds stupid, but I mean that in Scary Monsters we find Bowie finally attempting to take stock of the  situation (which, in 'It's no game (ii)' he concludes he really doesn't understand).<br /><br />Cutbacks and cross-references to his earlier material abound: the intro guitar chords to Up The Hill Backwards are the same as the intro chords to 1973's Panic in Detroit - only played backwards. And there is the celebrated attempt, in Ashes to Ashes, to write off Space Oddity as a heroin song. Bowie, of course, has never been averse to making up all sorts of nonsense about his past, and this is no exception: as a callow 21 year old Bowie might have whiffed the odd doobie in the spring of 1969, but a junkie he was definitely not.<br /><br />This album is generally very strong: Carlos Alomar makes a real impression on its overall sound, particularly in the epochal single Ashes to Ashes (fairly grim aside: I once met the keyboard player from the session. He now plays children's birthday parties in North London as one half of a duo called the &#34;Rock N Roll Pirates&#34;.) and Fashion, both of which cross back and forth between disco, funk and new wave -  an odd combination which no-one else (except Queen in the dreadful [[ASIN:B000000OAE Hot Space]]) has ever tried. And, tiresome though he is, you do have to take your hat off to Rock's own crashing intellectual bore Robert Fripp, who cuts this record up with some stunning, incandescent guitar playing.<br /><br />The second half of the album is a more &#34;interesting&#34; prospect than the first which, with Ashes to Ashes, Fashion and the title track, is about as strong a side of vinyl that has ever been recorded. Flip it over and you find Teenaged Wildlife, seemingly  the paradigmatic &#34;silly voice, random lyrics&#34; Bowie song, but which has the makings  of a great, confessional work - perhaps more personal even than Ashes to  Ashes, but it's a pity Bowie sings it as if he's trying to impersonate a Leslie rotating speaker. Scream Like a Baby, Because You're Young and Kingdom come (the last featuring once again the rotating speaker impersonation) are less essential, but the album, and the decade, are  brought around quite nicely by It's No Game (ii) (where old smarty pants cross references the very album he's singing on) and finally a very odd sound effect, which sounds like someone pouring cement (to &#34;finish&#34; the album?) - but I am reliably informed by a correspondent (thanks, Ms Wilson!)  is in fact the sound of a film reel running off the end of a projector.<br /><br />The Rykodisc pressing I own also contains an extraordinary re-recording of Space Oddity, dating from about the time of this album, which Bowie has rearranged in minimalist fashion to resemble Lennon's 'Mother'. Weird, but true.<br /><br />I used to think  this was the best Bowie album of the lot, but now I think there's too much fat in it for that. But, to quote the old chap, &#34;when it's good it's *really* good&#34;. If you're serious about Bowie when he was important, this is one you can't do without.<br /><br />Olly Buxton34;silly voice, random lyrics&#34; Bowie song, but which has the makings  of a great, confessional work - perhaps more personal even than Ashes to  Ashes, but it's a pity Bowie sings it as if he's trying to impersonate a Leslie rotating speaker. Scream Like a Baby, Because You're Young and Kingdom come (the last featuring once again the rotating speaker impersonation) are less essential, but the album, and the decade, are  brought around quite nicely by It's No Game (ii) (where old smarty pants cross references the very album he's singing on) and finally a very odd sound effect, which sounds like someone pouring cement (to &#34;finish&#34; the album?) - but I am reliably informed by a correspondent (thanks, Ms Wilson!)  is in fact the sound of a film reel running off the end of a projector.  The Rykodisc pressing I own also contains an extraordinary re-recording of Space Oddity, dating from about the time of this album, which Bowie has rearranged in minimalist fashion to resemble Lennon's 'Mother'. Weird, but true.  I used to think  this was the best Bowie album of the lot, but now I think there's too much fat in it for that. But, to quote the old chap, &#34;when it's good it's *really* good&#34;. If you're serious about Bowie when he was important, this is one you can't do without.  Olly Buxton
0393317552|5.0|Diamond's &quot;Guns,Germs,and stee&quot; is by far one of the best history books I have ever read due to its incorporation of the scientific method. Rather than assume A is immmediately caused by B, Diamond traces  with great accuracy the factors that shaped the world in which we live  today.<br />This book does a marvelous job of dispelling many racist myths by  concluding that the present condition of humanity does not derive from  innate differences but arose due to differing environmental factors.<br />This  book is very logical. The prologue alone opens the reader's mind to  thinking about history in ways in which one has never thought.
B000003PJ4|4.0|Well, the illluminati will tell you that Parallel Lines is the greatest Blondie album, and the charts will tell you that Autoamerican is. Eat to the Beat is supposed to be the album where Blondie got too big for its  boots, but that's not the way I see it. Blondie rocks harder on this album  than their earlier discs, where Debbie Harry tended to sound like a Martha  and the Vandellas wannabe. This time round it's hi-octane New York rock -  Clem Burke kicks the album off like a man who really should cut down on  coffee, and 'Dreaming' updates the Vandella's sound to late seventies New  York. While there's energy there's also plenty of thought - Debbie Harry,  with a typically sharp eye, asks &quot;Are you sitting all alone in your  rocking chair, transistor pressed against an ear - or are you waiting at  the bus-stop for a ride, or just to die by the handle of love - for you and  love for me?&quot; The album has its fair share of classic Blondie tracks:  the shadow of disco is thrown across the exquisite 'Atomic' (and are they  Hank Marvin's guitars we hear in the background, Mr Stein? Has someone been  dusting off his Shadows' 20 golden greats collection? I think we should be  told) and Union City Blue is another greatest hits staple which is  characteristic of the feel of the album. There are some buried treasures  here, too - in the slower tempos of 'Shayla' Debbie sings like a  reconstructed country Diva, and the band rocks out on 'The Hardest Part', a  song which is apparently about holding up a security van. Eat to the Beat  certainly isn't perfect - but then neither is Rock 'n' Roll. The pretty  silly title track is the weakest link (I mean, why didn't they call the  album 'the Hardest Part'?). And while 'The Victor' is a beautifully formed  piece of sceaming punk rock it is, alas, totally misplaced on this album,  coming as it does immediately after pedestrian (and similarly out of place)  'Sound Asleep'. Maybe that's the point - it was a bit of pre-post modernism  to buttress these to tracks together in the first place - but for my money  the album could have done without either. It ain't perfect - but I don't  think any Blondie album (aside from their 'Best of...', which without  question is a 5 star affair) is. Over an album it's the best they were -  attitude without being amateur, sophisticated without going through the  motions (as they were during Autoamerican and beyond). And, in Atomic and  Shayla, some classic pieces of American music.rnism  to buttress these to tracks together in the first place - but for my money  the album could have done without either. It ain't perfect - but I don't  think any Blondie album (aside from their 'Best of...', which without  question is a 5 star affair) is. Over an album it's the best they were -  attitude without being amateur, sophisticated without going through the  motions (as they were during Autoamerican and beyond). And, in Atomic and  Shayla, some classic pieces of American music.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Pues, nos pinta como cuerpos esculturales pero, sin cerebro.  Y de verdad, tenemos gente con talento que crea arte y no basura. Un buen trasero puede comprar todo lo que quiera.
B00000I9MK|5.0|The first of three great albums! This is a great album for beginning Belle and Sebastain fans, you'll love it!
B000001ESF|5.0|This was rush's first amazingly great album.The only albums better than this one are &quot;Permanent Waves&quot; &amp; &quot;Moving Pictures&quot;.2112 is one of the greatest songs ever.My favorite part is  the Temple of The Syrinx.I also like A Passage To Bankok,The Twilight Zone  &amp; Lessons.
089966301X|5.0|An exquisite book.  Forster combines a fast, lyrical read with the intensity of a murder mystery.  In tight, consistent prose Forster's restraint delivers a scathing commentary on Edwardian England which retains  all of its considerable power for contemporary life.<br />The only real  question is which to do first, read the book or watch the movie.  The rich  dialogue of Howard's End, lends it well to movie adaptation and the 1991  James Ivory production is excellent.  The casting is so strong that it  suffers only from the series of later films in which these actors are  juxtaposed to reproduce their magic.  I was fortunate to have an eight year  lapse after the film so the twists of plot struck with new glee and I could  modify, if not supplant, the faces from the film.<br />I can only recommend  that both book and movie are both outstandng and neither should be missed.
0553275976|5.0|I read about 100 books a year (not bragging, just a lot of time on my hands), this is the best book I have every read.  Looking forward to reading &quot;A Man In Full&quot;, but I know I'll be disappointed, it just  couldn't possibly live up to Bonfires.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I've been listening to this band since their first album three dollar bill came out, and they have always been awesome.  I love the way they integrate hip hop and rock, something that should be done by more bands and probably  will be.  They are reminiscent of Sublime in that way.  Their first album  is a little more hardcore, than their new cd, but I actually really like  the new one.  I read some articles before it came out on their new songs,  and the artists they were working with.  Wu-tang is so tight, and I was  getting really excited to hear their new sound.  They definitely have  something good going on here, and although they're getting a little played  out because of demented dj's, I am still lovin' it.  I'm happy for them to  be getting so much attention and I don't think they've sold out.  As long  as they're still writing their own songs, staying true to themselves, and  pushing the limits of musical style and trends, they're cool in my book.
0517122707|5.0|A Confederacy of Dunces should be required reading for the Human Race.  It is a 20th century masterpiece.  Featuring some of the funniest, most perceptive, and original writing in the English Language, the book is  unparalleled in plot, humor, and scope.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I've been listening to this band since their first album three dollar bill came out, and they have always been awesome.  I love the way they integrate hip hop and rock, something that should be done by more bands and probably  will be.  They are reminiscent of Sublime in that way.  Their first album  is a little more hardcore, than their new cd, but I actually really like  the new one.  I read some articles before it came out on their new songs,  and the artists they were working with.  Wu-tang is so tight, and I was  getting really excited to hear their new sound.  They definitely have  something good going on here, and although they're getting a little played  out because of demented dj's, I am still lovin' it.  I'm happy for them to  be getting so much attention and I don't think they've sold out.  As long  as they're still writing their own songs, staying true to themselves, and  pushing the limits of musical style and trends, they're cool in my book.
0345350472|5.0|To be honest I liked the book better than the movie (but isn't that always the case?).  The thing that always bothered me about the movie was that an important point made in the book was never brought in to the screenplay of  the film; and it could have been, without much trouble.  The important  point I'm talking about is the fact that it is the future and there almost  no &quot;real&quot; animals left to have as pets.  Everyone has electric  sheep or dogs or cats, etc.  It is very prestigeous (in the book) to own a  &quot;real&quot; animal.  Decker figures at $1000 per killed android, he  could make the $5000 necessary to acquire the pet goat he wanted.  Also,  the goat is pivotal late in the book when Rachel (replican) gets mad at  Decker for killing her replican friends, and goes to his apartment and  throws the goat off the roof to its death (to get even with Decker).  This  point was important to me and I was amazed they didn't mention it in the  film... I think it would have made the &quot;morality&quot; message a  little more substantial if they had. Read this book
B000002C1X|4.0|This album came out the year I was a senior in high school.  I also wanted 'Another Brick' as the senior song, but it was turned down.  Many years later, I still listen to this album.  It's definitely better than most  concept albums, though it has its share of weirdness, along with stark  beauty.  It ranks a notch below 'Dark Side of the Moon' and 'Wish You Were  Here' for me.  Now, if only the liner notes and lyrics were more legible...  :)
0446607274|4.0|This is an intricate and well told suspense novel.  Harry Bosch is one of my favorite characters and he does not disappoint in this story.  Connelly has a way of baiting the reader with mysteries within mysteries which keeps  the interest high and the pace rapid.  An extremely enjoyable read.
B00000IO4J|3.0|Teachers at a small high school get infected by aquatic alien parasites and start infecting the whole neighbourhood. This sci-fi thriller is actually allot better than you would first think. It's loaded with good  scares and special effects. The idea is nothing new, but it is certainly an  improvement for Kevin Williamson. Probably his best script since Scream.
B000002AGB|3.0|If you want live Who and don't have Live at Leeds, for God's sake, don't mess with this recording of the Who on an off-night and buy the best live album ever released.  Live at Leeds, of course!
6304509154|4.0|A typical american family's house gets invaded by ghosts that come out of the television set. Lots of suspence and entertainment that doesn't let down for a minute. Very original story and great special effects for its  time. Directed by Tobe Hooper (The Texas Chainsaw Massacre).
B000002U82|5.0|This album stayed on the Billboard Charts from 1973 to 1988. It's probably one of the most mind-blowing albums that anyone will listen to. But then again, most of Pink Floyd's albums are pretty off the wall. &quot;The Dark  Side Of The Moon&quot; has a few instrumental tracks (On The Run, Great Gig  In The Sky, Any Colour You Like), but for the songs that have lyrics  (especially songs like &quot;Time&quot; and &quot;Us and Them&quot;), you  just have to listen to them. They have great messages to them. And, unlike  most of the rock bands we have today, they present messages in their songs  that are'nt too subtle and they are a rare rock group that you can actually  understand what they're saying-they don't go too fast and they don't have  slurred lyrics. The album is simply great. It has spectacular sound effects  which are in fact so good and so clear, you would'nt even know it was made  in the early 1970's. Even without all the praise that it gets, &quot;The  Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; is a classic album that will amaze generation  after generation. Even some of today's bands immitate the style of Pink  Floyd, such as Nirvana or Orgy. But no one has made such a unique sound as  Pink Floyd. I think that this album has the best evidence of that.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|Not all the songs are superb, nor is the quality of Jen's voice consistently astounding but what she has delivered is a sound package containing enough potential hit singles to make her appealing, and to prove  that she is a versatile and talented entertainer - of which there is no  doubt.  The two single are great but stand out track has to be ''Let's Get  Loud'' a typically Estefanish uptempo maraca affair which really gets the  toes tapping, and deserves to be a mega hit for her and prove that Gloria  Estefan is still top of her field.  Let's just hope Jen continues to make  songs like that well into the future and she will guarantee herself  longevity beyond the bright lights of Hollywood
B0000203YT|3.0|Judi Dench (007's &quot;M&quot;) saves this wobbling film with her commanding presence and performance. The other actors were clearly not in the same league.
0684803356|5.0|This book is definitely one of the best classics I have ever read.  The imagery, setting, action, and overall milieu was clear and well-written.  Hemingway accurated describes the transition of a man in face of death and  war.  Torn between his obligation to the cause and his love of Maria,  Jordan becomes increasing concerned with dying for the individual.  The  novel creatively portrays the psychological states of many of the people  involved in war.  I really recommend that you read this.
0891416811|3.0|Burgett's first work Currahee is a great accomplishment of WWII writing only exceeded by his second book &quot;Seven Roads to Hell.&quot; I thought the writing was a little sloppy and it was not as intense as his second  book. I did enjoy my introduction to some of the men I remembered from his  second book. If read in order I bet they would flow nicely together. I  would like to see Burgett revise this narrative a little to improve the  writing of the book. He has become such a great writer and story teller  which is evident from his second book and now as I read his third book, it  becomes even more apparent. I can not wait for his fourth work to be  published!
B000002UJQ|5.0|...because of the poignant lyrics, the catchy hooks, and the presence of the album as a whole.  My two year old daughter dances everytime she listens to the song &quot;No Surprises&quot; and I laugh because the words  are so bleak and dark.  &quot;Exit Music...&quot; builds into a  masterpiece.  And &quot;Lucky&quot; is perhaps my personal favorite in an  album packed full of great music.  I feel like &quot;I'm on a roll... this  time.&quot;
B0000026VZ|5.0|Great singing and guitar playing.  Steve L. does it all.  One of Toto's great songs is missing from this cd (don't know the name) but I do know it's missing. It's still a good buy.
0345410025|3.0|My title sums up my comments, I found the book well written, the memory techniques presented were good ones.  I want to warn readers to be prepared to work hard before these memory techniques pay off for you.  I feel that  some of the comments and the book description make it sound as if this book  is a magical formula for great memory -- it's just not.
B000007T1M|5.0|I got this CD about 2 months ago and every single song is original and amazing. If you like KoRn, Coal Chamber, or Static-X you'll love this CD. I still listen to CD almost everyday and its a must by for any rock fan.
0671027344|5.0|Dear friend, I know you're busy with your life. Life is a busy activity, especially if you're doing everything right. Or at least trying to. But maybe you should do yourself a wonderful favor and buy this book. And read it. And &quot;savor&quot; it like you would a gourmet cheeseburger. And  understand what it is to both identify with and love a character who  doesn't really exist. And cry because it dredges up the worst moments of  angst from your teenage years. And laugh because it brings up the best  ones, too. And then hold onto this book and cherish it. Or give it to  someone you love. Or your best friend. They'll love it, too. Love always,  Billy
B00000J7J4|1.0|Okay, my dad was all&quot;Go listen to Santana!&quot; so I did. I mean,WOW!What is this stuff? Is there such thing as 0 stars? Sorry if you like it, but to me it sounds like a bunch of old guys strummin' on guitars.  I AM NOT A HYPOCRITE!
B0000019PA|5.0|Does the number of CDs you've heard or own enhance an opinion?  Also, I assume anyone who buys Neutral Milk Hotel is a fairly adventurous listener who owns many non-mainstream CDs.  As for the guy who trashed the Elephant  6, why did you purchase this CD if you think so negatively of the Elephant  6 bands?  I don't mean to attack anyone, but these comments don't add  anything and just take up space.  As for my review, I'll keep it short and  simple.  If you're passionate about music, then you should give this a try.   Why everyone won't enjoy this, the money you spend is minor compared to  what you may be missing.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Okay, my dad was all&quot;Go listen to Santana!&quot; so I did. I mean,WOW!What is this stuff? Is there such thing as 0 stars? Sorry if you like it, but to me it sounds like a bunch of old guys strummin' on guitars.  I AM NOT A HYPOCRITE!
0679746048|4.0|I enjoyed &quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot; and read it in one evening - it's a fast read and not very long.  It's a vivid account of the author's stay in a mental hospital. I wish it had been longer, and would have liked to  have read more of an account of that stay rather than the sometimes lengthy  philosophizing on mental disorders. (not that it wasn't interesting  philosophizing)  In any case, it's good to remember that it's a memoir and  not a work of fiction - there aren't many truly dramatic moments in my  opinion, but that's the way it happened. It's a good book.
6305622914|1.0|A quite stunningly overrated film. Blazing Saddles, Airplane!, Naked Gun and Clerks are all funny films. The Full Monty is just rubbish.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Santana has finally gotten the recognition he so richly deserves.For a long time people thought that the modern guitar licks made popular by contemporary bands were original.Everyone...meet the Master.Love of My Life  is just a small indication of the feeling that flows through Carlos  Santana's soul.
6304698526|4.0|Excellent film, Classic chase scene around the street's of San Francisco (spelling).     Very good twist at the ending Well worth buying, &quot;TRUST ME&quot;
B000002MY3|4.0|if you are looking for pop, don't buy this CD. if you are looking for some of the best music around with a dose of girlie angst, pick it up! Alanis has been my favorite since 1995, when Jagged Little Pill took her to the  top of the charts. this album had not come out of my CD player since then  (good I have a changer)this CD rocks. vintage A.M. at her greatest.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I bought this CD in December of 1998 after a friend of mine heard it in Europe.  I could not stop listening to it--especially the single &quot;Believe.&quot;  It's been over a year now and &quot;Believe&quot; is  still my favorite song.  There are many people using the synthesizer on  their voices now because of the huge success that Cher had, however, none  are as good as what Cher gave us.  To all of those who say she is too old  or that all the songs are similar I say &quot;get a grip.&quot;  What does  age have to do with whether the music is good?  And as for the second  comment about everything being the same, I say &quot;it's a dance album  stupid.&quot;  Stop pretending that you're too cool to like Cher and just  admit that the songs &quot;Believe,&quot; &quot;Strong Enough&quot; and  &quot;All or Nothing&quot; are songs that no one can resist dancing to or  singing with.  Cher will always be around because she keeps re-inventing  herself and puts out quality material like &quot;Believe.&quot;
6302686466|4.0|i found myself enjoying this movie, even though i thought that i wouldn't. True, the plot was paper thin, but it kept u guessing and there was a really great twist near the end of the film. But the ending just didn't cut  it. It was over so fast, but then there was another nice twist at the  end... I dont know... i liked the movie and the twists, but the ending  could have been better...
1559408758|5.0|PLEASE re-release this title!  This is why I bought a DVD player
0385474547|4.0|I'm not going to write a lengthy reveiw, but the morals and examples this book teaches are very good for a person to read. It is a robust tale of how a community can be unhinged by the interfearance of missionaries. I has a  lot of good moral value. You should read it.
6301963717|5.0|The point of this film is &quot;No one knows anybody--not that well.&quot;  Ambiguity is the essential element to all great literature, and this movie has it--in spades.  Never mind the fact that I fell in love with Marcia Gay  Harden while watching her as &quot;Verna.&quot;  There are NO BAD  performances in the film.  Credit the script and the actors both.  What's  Tom going to do next?  Does he even know?
1573225517|3.0|it was hard to get through this book at first. I got annoyed with the main character's &quot;woe's-me-i-got-dumped&quot; schtick in the beginning, but it got markedy better as he developed. by the time I finished it I was glad  I stuck around.
B000023VTQ|5.0|Everytime I see this movie, I like it even more!  Hugh Grant and Julia Roberts are wonderful and the array of friends are very entertaining...I especially enjoyed the ending...watch the last scene very closely!
0899668151|5.0|I have read a lot of books for school,but my favorite, without a doubt,is The Bell Jar. The main character's mental ilness develops so subtly, yet so swiftly, that the reader is taken into her mindset almost immediately. The  reader is mesmorized by how this funny, intelligent,and witty young woman,  who appears to have everything going for her, descends into madness. A  wonderful character-study of a girl who could be anyone. A brilliant  novel,along the lines of The Catcher and the Rye.
B000001FQI|4.0|Though nothing can beat William  Gregory's beautiful Sax solos on TFF's &quot;The Working Hour&quot; (from  the album &quot;Songs From the Big Chair&quot;), this album is not without  its own special moments. The music is indeed rich and varied. It is sad  first with the departure of Manny Elias, the drummer with the cool hair and  kickin' attitude, then Ian Stanley, and finally Curt Smith. In many ways,  this album is a stament to self-destruction.<br />  No, Orzaball does not  have &quot;rock's greatest voice.&quot; Anyone who has heard  &quot;Shout&quot;/&quot;Everybody Wants to Rule the World&quot; and  compared them to this album's &quot;Woman In Chains&quot;/&quot;Advice For  the Young At Heart&quot; should easily conclude that Curt's is the superior  of two fine voices (Curt was lead singer for &quot;Everybody&quot; and  &quot;Advice&quot;). In fact, the  balance of my favorite TFF songs  are/were sung by Curt, and since his departure, the quality of TFF albums  have gone steadily downhill (the only song that comes to mind since the  breakup is &quot;Break It Down Again&quot;). Orzaball's power trip with  this album stands as a showcase to his egomania and was, sadly, the driving  force behind the breakup.<br /> All that aside, this album is a keeper. Not  just because it is so good, either, but because it is the last true TFF  album.<br />  Who knows, perhaps the mellowing effects of age will bring  the duo back together in twenty years for a reunion album. We'll see.
0671045865|5.0|If I had read the book I would say I couldn't put it down. I purchased this CD to listen to in the car on the way to work but I ended up bringing it inside and finishing it in two days. Stephen King pulls you in more and  more with each inning. This is the best of his books I've ever  &quot;read.&quot;
006016848X|5.0|I found the book amazing! Put your names in the scenarios and it will sound just like you and your spouse! I was separated from my wife and she bought it for me. I read it and went back to her. I think every couple  should get this book, along with the bible, as standard manuals on how to  communicate and understand what your spouse is trying to say to you.
B00000J2SR|4.0|This is the finest album in the Blackmore/Turner partnership. Singer Joe Lynn Turner and guitarist Ritchie Blackmore have a unique and genuine chemistry that is rare in hard rock. Every time these two men and  bassist/producer Roger Glover work together they create something special.  And this excellent album is no exception. Mixing hard rock, pop and  haunting instrumentals, &quot;Bent out Of Shape&quot; is a virtually  perfect album. &quot;Street Of Dreams&quot; deserved to sell as many  singles as Bon Jovi, and should have done. I hope Blackmore and Turner work  together again one day. How about it, fellers?
B000001ESN|5.0|This is one of the biggest steps for rush.For the first time they expiremented with technology and they scored big time.Big hits are The Spirt of Radio,Freewill &amp; Natural Science.This album is the second best  they've done falling a little short of &quot;Moving Pictures&quot; &amp; a  little ahead of &quot;2112&quot;.
0679746048|5.0|This book was excellent.  It was a quick read, but it was one that remained in the foreground of my thoughts for a long time afterwards.  I am still arriving at new conclusions and I still go back and examine the  documents inserted between chapters, looking for new &quot;clues.&quot;   This is what a good read is supposed to do--challenge our ordinary way of  thinking by providing a &quot;case&quot; through which we can determine our  individual emotional or moral response.  It was not a story, which is why  some readers may be uncomfortable with it.  Rather, it was a work of  literature and thus, like a painting, it requires some synthesis on the  part of the audience.  I hope the movie is as worthwhile!
B000003BEV|4.0|I'd heard so much bad about this album, that I didn't bother listening to it for years (even though I'm a Stones freak). Then a radio station played it one night, and I was amazed how much I liked it. There is really a lot  of great stuff on it. True, the extended &quot;Revolution # 9&quot; type  sound mess is something to skip past every time. But most of the other  songs are quite solid. Even Bill Wyman's song ain't bad (though it's not  great). Mick, when asked in more than one interview since, what he thought  of this lousy album, said, &quot;Well, actually, I quite like it, because  it was different. In fact I wouldn't mind doing something like that  again.&quot;
0062502182|5.0|like the Jewish fable about a treasure hidden under a bridge, Jorge Luis Borges Tale of the two dreamers, Arabian Nights, etc. Paulo Coelho retold it brillantly
B000035Z3K|4.0|This is a great DVD if you like Bela Lugosi.  This is also a great DVD if you like extra content.  The DVD does have a minor problem, &quot;I find the new soundtrack annoying.&quot;  Fortunately, the original version is  also on the disc.<br />There is also the Spanish version, which in some ways,  with the exception of Bela Lugosi, I like better.<br />Don't take my work for  it, buy it, view it, and see for yourself.
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock is one of the best albums of the year.  If you haven't taken the time to listen to the whole thing do so.  Only God Knows Why is the best song on the whole CD.  It says so much without saying that much at all.  He  did make the best album of the year!
B00000K2SC|5.0|From the initial scene you're attention is caught and for once in a film it just doesn't let go of you.  I bought this film on the first day it was released after being captivated by it's storyline and style at the cinema.   Fishburne acts brilliantly, along with Carrie-Anne and Hugo Weaving, Keanu  just looks cool.  The final hour will have you staring at the screen in  amazement as The Matrix unravels in an explosive way.  Absolutely everyone  should see this film.  Also is it just me who has noticed the Christian  theme in the film, e-mail me with your thoughts.  Without a doubt the best  action film ever made, the special effects will blow you away, if this  doesn't get an Oscar for them I personally will feel cheated.
B00000IL1K|5.0|One night last May I was channel surfing and discovered the Eden Tour video playing on a PBS station. When it was over I immediately brought up Amazon.com and ordered a CD. I believe it is important to grasp that this  is a person who strives and succeeds in becoming one with the music she  sings. This adds a dimension to her presentation that is rarely found in  the history of music. I believe that any of the composers of the music on  this CD would necessarily be honored with her as a person who put forth the  effort and the work that she has in order to be able to do this. This is  remarkable. It is exceptionable. It is inspiring. Sarah Brightman must be  an extraordinarily brilliant, sensitive, and vulnerable person with such a  great love for humanity that she would do this for us. God bless her and  may God fill us with the gratitude that is only appropriate for what she  has done for us.
1573301183|5.0|What can I say about this disc. Its chains, a must have for your collection.
B00000IL1K|5.0|One night last May I was channel surfing and discovered the Eden Tour video playing on a PBS station. When it was over I immediately brought up Amazon.com and ordered a CD. I believe it is important to grasp that this  is a person who strives and succeeds in becoming one with the music she  sings. This adds a dimension to her presentation that is rarely found in  the history of music. I believe that any of the composers of the music on  this CD would necessarily be honored with her as a person who put forth the  effort and the work that she has in order to be able to do this. This is  remarkable. It is exceptionable. It is inspiring. Sarah Brightman must be  an extraordinarily brilliant, sensitive, and vulnerable person with such a  great love for humanity that she would do this for us. God bless her and  may God fill us with the gratitude that is only appropriate for what she  has done for us.
0780622650|5.0|The movie is just fab. with great sound effects and all. It is the next movie I would rate after Star wars (Return of the Jedi)
0783216084|5.0|This is one of the best films ever made.  Spielberg has yet to out-do this movie, in terms of suspence and terror.  By keeping the camera at water level it only hightened the suspence.  And the truth is that was all a  mistake.  We were supposed to see the shark, Bruce, throughout the entire  movie.  However the Bruce did not always work properly, but Spielberg had  to shoot something, so we get a classic.  The characters were unforgetable,  and so is this film.  The people who made DEEP BLUE SEA should take a  lesson form this film to see how a shark movie is supposed to be made.
B000002NJS|1.0|The fact Madonna has wrecklessly embarked on idiotic theological program is hardly cause to sing her praises (Yey!  She did something unbelievably stupid!).  In theory she's more &quot;mature&quot; for this album, but I  couldn't tell.  The lyrics to her songs are still basically tired romantic  cliches, the difference being that before she took leave of her senses she  never pretended that that her music had any sort of deep, philosophical  content.  Before the insanity, her music and her personae were all about  having fun; &quot;life is just a party, that's all you need to  know&quot;(from &quot;Spotlight&quot;), &quot;you can't keep wishing on the  stars, baby&quot;(from &quot;Causing a Commotion&quot;, particuarly apt for  her present foolishness).  Madonna's new image is doubtless responsible for  her sudden appeal to critics (&quot;she's gone real PC and spiritual, we  have to like her now! Give her a Grammy&quot;).  I would also like to know  how she became less immoral by changing from thinly-veiled sexual  references to pictures of apocalyptic visions complete with the stench of  burning flesh(&quot;Mer Girl&quot;)?  So thinking of sex is immoral and  evil, but thinking of the destruction of everything is  &quot;enlightened&quot;?  I also preferred her enjoyable early work to the  newfound interest in disparaging of herself and more or less everything  else, feeding my personal theory that religion does not teach self-esteem,  but the rather the art of coming to enjoy self-loathing.  The other big  news is that this album is electronica.  If you want electronica, there are  much better albums out there.  If you want pop, her old albums are all  infinitely superior.  If you want philosophy, go to the book department.  I  keep in the spirit of Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr. by saying &quot;rough work,  iconoclasm, but the only way to get at the truth.&quot; Madonna was once  one of the enlightened, a person who dared to speak her mind even if she  offended politesociety, a strong-willed individual firmly in control of  her own destiny, a caring, compassionate individual more concerned with  pleasing those of us on Earth than invisible beings from a seperate  dimension.  That she's changed, I will not question, but she hasn't  evolved-she's devolved; she hasn't grown, she's become more infantile; she  hasn't become enlightened, she has sacrificed truth for comfort.  It seems  to me that the world has lost one of its most dynamic individuals and has  recieved in her place, yet another dogmatic believer.  Dynamic individuals  are in extremely short supply, as for dogmatic believers, we already  several million more than we ever needed.
B00003000M|1.0|Save your money; spend it on Bob Marley originals.  American hip hop and rap singers  should stick to their own style.  I would have liked to give this CD no star, if that were possible!
B00000J2KX|1.0|There aren't that many things wrong with this movie...although the fact that they're incredibly bad things makes up for the lack of quantity. <BR> I won't get into the DVD aspect of it, because frankly I haven't seen it,  and judging from some of the other reviews here it's pretty horrible.<BR>  First of all; the casting. Jack Nicholson played a great part...although  his character didn't stay true to the book. You couldn't believe that he  was a recovering alcoholic trying to keep his marriage together for the  sake of his son (as in the book). Why did he try to kill his wife? Well  after seeing Shelly Duvall's performance, I can see why. <BR> She was a  snivelling, absolutely horrible actress. She was nothing like the Wendy  that graced the pages of one of Stephen King's best novels. From the very  beginning I actually WANTED Jack to kill her.<BR> That little kid that  played Danny...I don't know his name...he was a GOOD actor...probably the  best in the entire movie.<BR> Unfortunately, when it comes to staying true  to the book, the movie veered as far off course as the Exxon Valdez. And it  ran right into the same shallow water.<BR> The ending was horrible. The  maze scenes weren't even IN the novel. The only part that I was impressed  with was when Danny was riding along on his Big Wheel through the  hotel.<BR> Anyone who says that this is the best horror movie of all time  has to give themselves an &quot;I'm An Idiot&quot; sticker, glue it to  their foreheads (because god knows they won't be able to figure out how to  peel the backing off) and read the original novel.<BR> Or, barring that,  see if you can find the 3-part miniseries ABC aired a year or so ago.  Everything about it was much better than this, one of Stanley Kubrick's  worst movies.
6304546386|5.0|A true classic Technicolor flick from 1938.  No part was better suited to Errol Flynn than that of Robin Hood. The picture is full of movement, some of it dashing in the fine romantic costume style, some of simply sprightly.  The excitement comes from fast action--galloping steeds, men swinging Tarzan-like down from trees, hurling tables and chairs, rapid running sword-play, the sudden whiz of Robin's arrows coming from nowhere to startle his enemies, etc.  Everyone is matchless in their roles: Olivia de Havilland is the perfect Maid Marian sweetly innocent and fair-minded. Rathbone is at his ruthless and cultered best as Sir Guy and Claude Rains is the insidious, scheming Prince John (he and Montague Love look as if they stepped out of a history book!).   Alan Hale makes a boisterous Little John (he actually looks at home in the woods) and Una O'Conner is Marian's scatterbrained maid. The others live up to the picture-book quality of the film, which is the supreme virtue of this classic and except for some tedious and modernish love-making, it keeps moving along at a beautiful pace.   There is some charming colour in the movie, and quite a lot of brilliant dazzle.  Director Keighley originally took the crew to Bidwell Park in Chico, California for the Sherwood Forest scenes; but co-director Curtiz thought the scenery lacked majesty and took the crew to the area around Lake Sherwood(!) west of the San Fernando Valley. The film cost an enormous (for 1938) 2 million dollars and the result is one of the most popular films of all time.
B00003003R|3.0|If you are a GNR fan then this is a must, as to me it shows the range of songs that GNR managed to record, however I do agree with the other reviews in that the mix does seem to be a bit rough (apparently Slash helped!) also  it seems that there are more songs from the UYI than AFD which I would of  preferred still worth having though!
B000009ED0|4.0|Kid Rock has it all. Doesnt he?  This CD is well done and promoted fantastically. The CD is a very unique twist on music and the enterainment industry as a whole.  They combine all elements here that raises eybrows,  brings out the worst and the best of the listeners no matter what the  listeners background. It just goes to show us that hard work can overcome  just about anything. Kid Rock and his DJ mixer are possibly the hardest  working people in the business and thats why they are winning.  He reminds  us not to take life too serious, and is an example of hard work despite all  odds.  Parents shouldnt worry about explicit lyrics-kids are gonna hear it  anyway the next time an adult around them &quot;loses it&quot;. I reckon,  Kid Rock will mature into a musically more appreciated artist (for all  ages) in the very near future. This CD is likely to be the beginning of  many more great CDs.
B00002R0MC|5.0|It's rare that you find and have the opportunity to appreciate true and real genius, and here we have the chance to review the greatest of all the greates hits albums that have ever been created. A prophet of his religon,  Rastafari, he probably wrote over 500 songs. Reggae is Rastafari reliougs  music, akin to gospel in its take on life, so most of his songs aren't  about protest of the mistreatment of his people in Africa or Jamacia, they  are about love and love of his religon. The best way to introduce anyone to  reggae is to pop this four cd set into your cd player hit the random button  and listen to a musician who may have never written a bad song. They are  all great and portray his life from boyhood to maturity. The downside is  that we miss too much of his earlier works with the original Wailin'  Wailers is left out. Without the company of Peter Tosh, Bunny Wailer, Three  I's and an all star band that helped create the music of Reggae from Roots  and Rock Steady. In this instance you not only immediately see the genius  but the longevity of one of history's greatest musicians. Punk Rock is  &quot;white&quot; Reggae without Punk Rock we wouldn't have The Pretenders,  The Sex Pistols, Nirvana and the complete grunge scene. Did I mention his  influence on Eric Clapton let alone Peter Tosh's influence on the Rolling  Stones. If you realized that Motzart was a genius when he was alive what  would you have done? Once again humanity missed a valuable opportunity to  push the envelope of genius, we needed to celebrate his work while he was  alive with this box set not when he can no longer thrill us with his lyrics  and music. And just think he was better in concert. When was the last time  someone said that the artist sounded better in concert than on the album?  Not in my recent memory.  If you love Reggae buy this Box Cd set, if you  need to enhance your collection buy this set let someone else listen to it  and watch there jaw drop as they find song after songthat they love.  Genius cannot be denied.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This CD provides a wonderful variety of styles. I prefer his instrumental works, but the collaberations are a nice addition.  Carlos Santana has always been an extremely talented musician, and this CD reflects that his  talent still lives on...
B00000J7J4|5.0|While Rob Thomas clearly is MTV's favorite singer in this album there are other notables who contibuted and , in my opinion they are the real stars of this CD. Lauren Hill's R&amp;B Latin crossover rap is sensational and  will probably get no air time on either BET or MTV. Eagle Eye Cherry and a  host of other stars, mainly latin stars that will probably become household  names soon like Lopez and Ricky, makes this the best &quot;comeback&quot;  album I have ever heard. Then again this is Santana and no real fan of  Santana would actually expect less from him. To say crossover music,in my  opionion,is inaccurate. It's all Santana latin jazz. The best album of the  year.
6301066642|5.0|This movie so really underated.  Sure it's hokum, but great hokum.  Splashy and vibent in it's color and style.  Wonderful Berlin songs mixed with entertaining plot line of show business family in the 30-40's era.   Monroe is sensational.  She more than holds her own with Merman, Daily and  O'Conner.  Mitzi Gaynor is too cutesy and Johnnie Ray is stiff, but it all  works.  The ending is great stuff.  No, they don't make them like they used  to.  A pity
B000001G8A|4.0|This is probably Puccini's most underrated work. It used to live happily some half-a-century ago, when Oliviero and Tebaldi sang their thrilling Minnies, but now it's not fashionable anymore. Fortunately we have a great  recording like this, that makes us aware of the real quality of &quot;La  Fanciulla&quot;. Mehta provides for the most puccinian conducting anybody  ever heard, and Domingo and Milnes just make their characters talk to the  listeners. What is really missing, is a truly good Minnie: Neblett singing  is appropriate and passionate, but the voice doesnt't sound great and  Italian diction is really poor. Anyway, the best overall recording of  &quot;La Fanciulla del West&quot;.
6305558167|5.0|First of all, I am a historian and I wish to elaborate on this film.  This movie may be, in part, responsible for my vocation.  As a youth, I fell in love with the story and to this day Excalibur remains one of my favorite  movies.  It should be noted though that the Real Arthur was trying to unify  the local tribes for a reason.  He was a Briton, indigenous to the region,  who was fighting the invasion of the Angles and Saxons.  Hopefully, this  enhances you viewing pleasure!  I am anxiously awaiting my DVD!
0385493800|1.0|This latest novel by Grisham lacked much if any excitement shared by his previous works.   I would pass on this one!
B000035P7X|5.0|Haven't seen the remastered version; I have the original VHS release and it's one of my all-time favorites. If you're a casual fan of Dylan, as I was when I first saw it, this film will most likely pique your curiosity  and turn you into a hard-core fan. just exactly who is this guy? The film  is mesmerizing in its attempts to find out. The answer, of course, is  blowin' in the wind. The &quot;video&quot; for Subterranean Homesick Blues  is also probably the best video ever made, a great concept executed  perfectly, with a nice cameo by Allan Ginsberg to cap it off. And &quot;The  Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll&quot; is one of his all-time great lost  classics.
B000023VR6|4.0|S'up Y'all.Once again Dr Dre proves that he still has it.Though the album is not as good as the previous ones but believe me there are some cool tracks on this one. I recommend that you get your copy and don't be  surprise if you're surprised.  I have start the new Millenium with this  album.Cool Uh.
B00000K19E|4.0|Matrix is an enjoyable action - sci-fi film with an original argument, but the backstory is very similar to the one on The Terminator saga. This film proves thant simple technology still can deliver good visual FX for  example: I never imagined that the special secuences were made with the  actors hanging on wires with motion control cameras over a green screen.  However I never understood why did they call that secuences like &quot;A  new Special FX style&quot; maybe because that sort of of secuences have  never seen before on a movie (only in TV commertials) Anyway if you are a  sci-fi fan (and even if you're not)you should better give an eye on this  movie; the DVD version is more enjoyable than ever and is the best way for  watching it.
6305657939|5.0|This is an absolutely wonderful movie.  I saw it in the theater 4 times.  Pierce and Renee have great chemistry in this movie. Both of them sizzle in their roles . . . . Pierce is such a gentleman and Renee is a beauty!  If  you've ever dreamed of being a millionare or enjoy fine art you have to see  this movie. The plot is wonderful, the soundtrack works great with the  film, and the scenery is exquisite. It seemed catered to an older crowd but  at 20 I love it.  It has quickly become my one of my all time favorite  movies. I can't get enough of this movie.
6304383827|4.0|This adaptation of Jane Austen's classic lives up to the witty, lighthearted tone of the novel.  Gwyneth Paltrow makes an excellent Emma - active, sweet, and slightly scattered - &quot;faultless in spite of her  faults.&quot;  Sophie Thompson is a wonderfully effusive Miss Bates, and  the oft-maligned Jeremy Northam is a believeable - and appropriately  youthful-looking - Mr. Knightley.  Though Austen fans will lament the  exclusion of the &quot;alphabets&quot; scene, the screenplay manages to  bring together most of the key plot elements into a cohesive, entertaining,  and visually beautiful whole.  The production design is exquisite, and Ruth  Myers' costuming is a stunning (if not entirely period) example of Regency  style.  Rachel Portman's sweeping musical score adds magic to this beauty.
B00001ZULV|4.0|As a 20 year plus fan of Genesis I agree with most of the comments regarding that this compilation lacks the contributions from the early Peter Gabriel years. Having said this though I still enjoyed this  collection. It's like comparing a BMW to a Corvette, both make a great  sports car and I would love to have both!
B00000IFP6|5.0|This is a GREAT set.  For years, many (e.g. Solti) insisted on a faster tempo for these pieces.  Others maintained that the faster speeds marked by Beethoven were erroneous, the fault of a malfunctioning Glockenspiel, etc.   The problem with those who still prefer Karajan is that we know from recent  musicological discoveries that, in fact, the faster speeds are more along  the lines of what Beethoven had in mind.  Although it will take a while for  these tempi to take hold, I think ultimately the lighter and faster playing  of those such as Zinman will come to gain wider acceptance...
B00000IOSU|3.0|As much as I like Sarah McLachlan songs, I was very disappointed in the fact that this CD was live.  Although this performance was much better than most live recordings.  I would not have bought it had I known it was live.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Carlos Santana is one of the few classic rock stars still performing (right up there with Eric Clapton and Bruce Springsteen) who can still amaze and dazzle with one stroke of the guitar.  His tracks on Supernatural  are full of rich latin beats and mixed with some of today's best new voices  and talents.  Santana combines moody feeling in every tune, and of course  the Number One smash hit Smooth is contagious! Get ready to rack up the  Grammy Awards this year, Carlos!  This CD is a keeper!
006092988X|5.0|I LOVED A TREE GROWS IN BROOKLYN! I am not an adult I am a child of ten. My grandmother said that it was the first adult book that she read so having read the Horse Whisperer and Memoirs of a Geisha I bought the book  at a local store started to read it and it was nothing special but when I  got to the third chapter it got SO much better. Before I Knew it I had  finished it and was sorry that I had.
B00000DLVA|4.0|This is a fantastic album, by a fantastic band. After hearing the hits Hanging Around, Erase/Rewind and the unmistakable My Favorourite Game. The album is much more than just these hits though. Nina's vocals are on top  form, and her unique style echoes throughout the tracks. The Cardgians do  have a very original style, and I can't think of any other bands, who have  the same style as them. The music is great, some upbeat tracks, some  ballads, a bit of everything really. The songs have a certain atmosphere  about them, that gives them a strange (but good) feeling. Standout tracks  include Explode, Higher, Starter, Hanging Around, Paralyzed, My Favourite  Game, and Erase/Rewind.  On this album Nina has written most of the lyrics,  this is a change considering their first two albums which she didn't. I'd  recommend this album to anyone who likes any of The Cardigans previous  material. This is in a smiliar mould, but they have definitely changed  since First Band on The Moon. this album has a 'rock' feel to it, although  I'd class it as 'indie'. A fantastic album, if you like this, then I'd  strongly recommend the other Cardigans albums.
0517053616|5.0|After taking three Shakespeare classes in college, I sold my text back.  Five years later, I realize that was the dumbest thing I've ever done.  Although all my notes from class and highlighted passages aren't included,  I look forward to re-reading these works over and over...
6302787300|4.0|The movie 1494 Conquest of Paradise was and educational and entertaining picture. He showed Columbus to be a determined man.  The scenery was incredible.  The palm trees and the water falls gave it a natural look.   The wild life was incredible.  Costumes for the queen and for the Indians  were extrodinary.  The dramatic fight scenes were very entertaining.  This  movie deserves four out of five stars.  This movie is not a movie for  children.  It had very graphic fighting scenes.
1563890356|5.0|Upon my first reading of this story of The Sandman series, i was struck by how simply and profoundly Gaiman interwove so many mythologies, all the while writing the most original modern myth of our time -- dare i say _all_  time -- something that a dust cover blurb would say &quot;if William Blake  and Mark Twain colaborated on the story of what Lucifer is doing these  days...&quot;  Everything from the Angels, Duma and Remiel (quite wonderful  choices -- check out G. Davidson's &quot;Dictionary of Angels&quot; for how  accurate!), to the enraged expelled demons, Azazel and company, and the  self-admitted profound absence of the Greek dieties.  With each successive  reading, i found these threads are strung together into an amazing story of  what might happen should the Ruler of Hell abdicate.  Told through the  perspective (and responsibility) of the Prince of Stories, the Lord Shaper  Morpheus himself.  i found this to be a as great a starting point as any  for the series, if for no other reason, because of the wondrous  introduction of Dream and his family, The Endless.  The resolution of plot  and every subplot, is quite tasty, and having Lucifer acknowledge the  beauty of sunsets that The Creator (and his nemesis) provides daily, gives  me chills just to think of it.  And the bookended cliche phrases of  &quot;Once Upon A Time&quot; and &quot;Happily Ever After.  In Hell.&quot;  Give this esoteric mythos tale the finishing air of mundanity (?) that  place it within the realm of each and every one of us.  Aside from being my  own personal favorite longer story within the series, it is in my opinion,  the best.  [&quot;The Kindly Ones&quot; would be a close second.]
0152465030|5.0|I would just like to say how much this book has influenced me as a young person.  I believe that this book is one of those books that will be remembered.  It is so meaningful, yet it is still interesting for children  to read.  I have read this book probably a total of 50 times and each time,  I get something more out of it.  Everyone must read this book!
B00000J7S8|5.0|I happen to see Diane Krall performing on some show while channell surfing on a Saturday morning.  I was hooked from the  first song I heard her singing, but had to listen to two more songs to find out who she was so I  could buy the CD.  I immediatley went out and purchased it.  When I heard  it had been nominated for Grammys &quot;Album of the Year&quot; I was in  total agreement.
0380789019|3.0|I &quot;liked&quot; this book in the same way I &quot;like&quot; popcorn. It provided an immediate rush of flavor and texture without actually satisfying my deeper hunger. It reads like a screenplay (which is not  surprising, since it was originally developed as a TV series) and some of  the author's more obvious &quot;let's see how our Sympathetic Male  Character is affected by his Flaw&quot; work irritated me greatly. I would  have enjoyed this much more if Mr. Gaiman had created it in the medium he  is most obviously suited for -- graphic novels.
0345409671|5.0|This book is chilling. Its is a a great book of the vampire chronicle. It is by far the best book of Anne Rice i have ever read. Lestat the main character of the book who is sly and cunning. He stalks this big time drug  dealer who is also a huge Art dealer. Who deals in tiny books by weinkne.  Wienken is roger the dealers closeist thing to religon but is just a book  about sex. Lestat is also inchanted by the dealers daghter. Dora is also a  religous leader but not of wienkens religon but of a cross between cristian  and cothlic. Lestat finely decides to kill her father but after killing him  he turns to a ghost. He sits down and has a talk with lestat. Roger the  dealer tells lestat his whole life story. Lestat promissed roger he would  make his daughter except his gifts but not in a ruff way. Sence his  daughter would have nothing to do with his elegal things. Once rger pass's  into the beyond. Lestat then iherits his fortne. Lestat later is being  followed by a shady man. Who later turns out to be menoch the devil. Who  takes lestat to heaven and hell and through time. lestat soul is now locked  in a battle between heaven and hell. Good and Evil. lestat almost is lot to  the dark side but then bites the neck of jesus hanging on the cross and  draws blood. Not as evilness but God gave him self to save the soul of this  vampire lestat. Personally i could not but the book down. It is a great  piece of literature. Deffenitly worht reading.
6301963717|5.0|Although it's difficult to think of another film that is like Millers Crossing, a lot of people are blinkered when they say it's the best Movie ever. Is it a better Sci-Fi movie than Close Encounters or is it a better  comedy than Blazing Saddles ? However, having said that it is simply my  favourite film of all time of any genre. It's class oozes from every scene  - I can only reiterate the comments from most others  : Its dialogue,  performances, plot, look and imagery has never been surpassed. You need to  watch it at least 3 times before it all falls into place - the first time  you watch it you may find yourself lost now and again as the story is  multi-layered. therefore, first time you watch it just enjoy the visuals  and the feel of the dialogue and characters, Then watch it again with the  rewind button ready to go over all of the pivital moments (there are many)  and finally watch it again and simply bathe in the excellence of it all. As  someone else said in another review I noticed - take the phone off the  hook, tell everyone to shut-up and pay attention. You will thank yourself  afterwards as the more I think about it and remember it as I'm writing  this, I realise that everyone was in fact probably right - It IS the Best  movie Ever Made !  My all time favourite Movie - make it yours.
044100590X|5.0|I first read Dune when I was in college during the late `70s, and just finished rereading it.  The second time around, benefitting from a backdrop of 20 years of life experience, the book seemed vastly more revealing,  interesting, and coherent.  For me, the most engaging facet of Dune is its  byzantine, ornate setting.  Herbert skillfully interweaves elaborate and  richly detailed descriptions of Arrakis' ecology and geology, Fremen  culture, Bene Gesserit mysticism, Space Guild politics, and the complex  biochemical process by which the Arrakis' enormous sandworms (\\"makers\\")  produce the desert planet's prized geriatric melange (spice). I frequently  found myself fascinated by Herbert's very original constructions, and  craving even greater detail.<br />Dialogue proves to be Dune's Achilles' heel.   In attempting to make his characters appear as alien as their  surroundings, Herbert only succeeds in making them sound overly stilted.   The interchanges between characters seem too deliberate and overwrought,  particularly during the book's more dramatic sequences.  An example: as  Paul-Muad'Dib and Feyd-Rautha prepare to engage in a knife battle, Feyd -  trying to intimidate Paul - intones \\"May your blade chip and shatter!\\" (not  especially menacing, that).  All things considered, however, the flawed  dialogue is a trivial shortcoming.  Dune is a fabulously well-conceived  novel and an immensely rewarding read.
B000000OPZ|5.0|GREAT Album, Sykes really sparked it. One of the top 5 albums ever. Bad Boys is one of the all-time underrated great songs.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Excellent! No Leaf Clover is one of Meallica's best! The Symphony and Metallica seems like an odd mix, but it is definately worth listening.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This isn't just a great Manson CD, but a great rock CD, period.  Any self-respecting fan of '80's or '90's rock music should listen to this album &amp; give it a chance.
B00000J7J4|5.0|No need to prove that such great musical talent needs to prove that they still have &quot;it&quot;?  Do you have any doubt now?  Progressive, alive, current - a good blend of feature artists.  A keeper.
0393307050|5.0|I was searching for books about pirates and came across Patrick O'Brian.  And I must say, I was blown out of the water.  Excellent reading. Looking forward to the next 20 books.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I never thought I'd be saying this...but Alanis Morrissette is the most emotional, poignant, meaningful, rock-your-heart-out-loud AWESOME artist since Sinead O'Connor. Alanis's last two records have made an impact and a  difference in my life. I was on the brink of hell when 'Infatuation Junkie'  came out in 98. I had hated her music prior to this record, but when  somebody turned me onto that album I was blown away. I KNEW she was REAL. I  took her CD along when I left the country for Europe, determined to either  find some kind of happiness or end it all. I listened to Alanis in Egypt,  in Athens, in Santorini, in Brindisi, in Rome, and, finally, at  Christmastime, in Florence. I sat alone on top of a 500 year old castle,  thinking nobody cared but looking out over the incredible Tuscan hillside,  and her music cut me to the heart. I knew that SOMEONE else felt it. I knew  that SOMEONE else KNEW. Go sit on the walls of the Medici Castle in  Florence and listen to 'That I Would Be Good' or 'Joining You' and then  TELL ME that Alanis Morrissette doesn't MEAN IT, BABY!     This MTV  Unplugged album brings back so many memories for me, so many good feelings,  so many salvific moments. Her voice empowers. Her talent is spectacular. I  am thankful for Alanis Morrissette. For a guy who needed to hear powerful,  heartfelt, devastating music at a low-high point, this woman CAME THROUGH  WHEN I NEEDED HER. God Freakin Bless Alanis Morrissette.
6302787300|4.0|Book Review of: 1492, Conquest of Paradise  There are do's and don't's in the movie industry, and the director of 1492, Conquest of Paradise knows them all.  This film is wonderfully directed and acted.  Although he  doesn't even bother to speak with a Spanish accent, Gerard Depardu gives a  strong performance.  He makes a very believable Columbus, and gives you an  idea of what he was going through.  The soundtrack and cinematography play  a huge part in the film's impact.  It has a great supporting cast, and is  historically accurate (although King Ferdinand is not even in the movie).   The bottom line is that 1492, Conquest of Paradise is a great movie, and a  must see.  So pick up a copy at your local video store today!
0446525537|1.0|This will be the last Nicholas Sparks I read.  I am tired of sappy, predictable stories with no literary value. Please, Mr. Sparks, get some different story lines........instead of simply changing names, locations,  etc.
079213690X|5.0|It pays to be Scottish!  This film reveals to the masses one of the many reasons Scots are regarded as such brave, uncompromising warriors of a people.
6301963717|5.0|I agree with the bulk of previous reviewers' positive comments about this movie; I couldn't really add much that hasn't already been said.  However, it's a shame that, as far as I can tell, Gabriel Byrne wasn't nominated for  any acting awards for his role here.  In fact, at least in the IMDB  listings, the only role he's EVER been nominated for (which he won) is some  TV appearance in the 70's.  This guy's a great actor who's been in a number  of excellent films.  His style is completely unaffected, never a  distraction, and a pleasure to watch, MILLER'S CROSSING certainly being no  exception.  Would you have wanted anyone else to play Keaton in USUAL  SUSPECTS?  Come on...give this guy an award!
6302787300|4.0|This is a great movie.   It is very historicaly accurate.  It tells everything about the journey in around 2 hours.  It is filmed very well.  The setting makes it interesting and scary. The music is placed and gives  you a hint of what to come. I do not recommend this movie to young  children. There are some wars and lots of blood.  The wars and the way the  indians faught, and their weapons, was really cool.  I recommend this book  two 11-40 years old people. I do not recommend that people with weak  stomachs see this movie.
0767814622|5.0|OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCES BY DAVIS,HURT &amp; QUAID.A PULSATING SCORE BY GIORGIO MORODER,&amp; BRILLIANT FILMMAKING IN BOTH ALAN PARKER AND OLIVER STONE.THIS IS EASILY ONE OF THE BEST FILM MASTERPIECES IN THE HISTORY OF  FILMMAKING.NOT SINCE PAPILLON (MCQUEEN)WHICH IS ALSO BASED ON ACTUAL EVENTS  OR THE LATE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION HAS THERE BEEN A PRISONFILM THAT KEEPS YOU  ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT BEGINNING TO END.IF YOU LOOK AT THE FILM FROM A  YOUNG ASPIRING FILMMAKERS POINT OF VIEW IT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO ANYONE  WITH AN OPEN MIND ON WHAT IS REAL AND WHAT IS FALSE.ALTHOUGH I DO  UNDERSTAND THE NEGATIVE FEELINGS OF THE PEOPLE OF TURKEY WHEN THEY SEE THIS  FILM.LIVING IN A MULTICULTURAL COUNTRY I HAVE GOTTEN TO KNOW A FEW TURKS  AND THEY ARE QUITE THE OPPOSITE TO WHAT IS DEPICTED IN THE FILM.BUT THEN  AGAIN THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A PERFECT (HEAVEN?)PRISON IN ANY COUNTRY IN  THE WORLD,WHETHER IT BE TODAY OR IN THE LATE SEVENTIES!.ALTHOUGH I DO ADMIT  PARKER &amp; STONE WERE A BIT HARSH(UNNECESSARY COURTROOM SCENE DIALECT!)IT  IS ALL IN THE NAME OF MONEY.IM ALSO PRETTY SURE THAT WE ARE WISE ENOUGH TO  KNOW THAT TO EVERY TRUE STORY MOVIE THERE IS ADDED MORE FICTIONAL SCENES TO  ADD TO THE DRAMATIC SCORE.AN OVERALL MASTERPIECE IN FILMMAKING HISTORY!I'D  GIVE IT 6 OUT OF FIVE STARS!
0345428056|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read. The author clearly is an expert at spy stuff. There was one part where he disabled a motion detector with a clock and an egg carton, and there was another time when he blew up  a house with ordinary kitchen materials. And the plot was really great. The  way he depicted all of the espionage stuff was excellent. This is a really  great book.
0767814622|5.0|OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCES BY DAVIS,HURT &amp; QUAID.A PULSATING SCORE BY GIORGIO MORODER,&amp; BRILLIANT FILMMAKING IN BOTH ALAN PARKER AND OLIVER STONE.THIS IS EASILY ONE OF THE BEST FILM MASTERPIECES IN THE HISTORY OF  FILMMAKING.NOT SINCE PAPILLON (MCQUEEN)WHICH IS ALSO BASED ON ACTUAL EVENTS  OR THE LATE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION HAS THERE BEEN A PRISONFILM THAT KEEPS YOU  ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT BEGINNING TO END.IF YOU LOOK AT THE FILM FROM A  YOUNG ASPIRING FILMMAKERS POINT OF VIEW IT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO ANYONE  WITH AN OPEN MIND ON WHAT IS REAL AND WHAT IS FALSE.ALTHOUGH I DO  UNDERSTAND THE NEGATIVE FEELINGS OF THE PEOPLE OF TURKEY WHEN THEY SEE THIS  FILM.LIVING IN A MULTICULTURAL COUNTRY I HAVE GOTTEN TO KNOW A FEW TURKS  AND THEY ARE QUITE THE OPPOSITE TO WHAT IS DEPICTED IN THE FILM.BUT THEN  AGAIN THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A PERFECT (HEAVEN?)PRISON IN ANY COUNTRY IN  THE WORLD,WHETHER IT BE TODAY OR IN THE LATE SEVENTIES!.ALTHOUGH I DO ADMIT  PARKER &amp; STONE WERE A BIT HARSH(UNNECESSARY COURTROOM SCENE DIALECT!)IT  IS ALL IN THE NAME OF MONEY.IM ALSO PRETTY SURE THAT WE ARE WISE ENOUGH TO  KNOW THAT TO EVERY TRUE STORY MOVIE THERE IS ADDED MORE FICTIONAL SCENES TO  ADD TO THE DRAMATIC SCORE.AN OVERALL MASTERPIECE IN FILMMAKING HISTORY!I'D  GIVE IT 6 OUT OF FIVE STARS!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I recently bought Santana's Supernatural.  I was very impressed.  They feature many different artist's on the album (Lauryn Hill, Everlast, Eric Clapton)  so you get a very different sound with each song as well as  Santana's trademark sound.  They are a great band, and I would recommend  the album to anyone.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Awesome CD by Carlos and all, wouldn't it be nice if Michael Bloomfield were still around to participate.
B000001Y42|4.0|The CD is a great mix of bust-up lyrics, great metal guitar action, and outrageous turntables.  Fred Durst sounds awesome on the album, but some songs are just plain bad.  The content is explicit, but that doesn't make  it a bad album.  Limp Bizkit follows in the footsteps of bands like KoRn  and KISS.  Their new album, Significant Other, is even better.
044651652X|1.0|Try not to laugh when Kincaid says &quot;I am the highway and a peregrine and all the sails that ever went to sea.&quot;<br />This book was highly recommended to me by a co-worker.  I read it in an afternoon (Thank God  that I didn't waste any more time than that on it.) and was just appalled.   The dialogue was absurd, the characters pathetic.  It almost read like a  National Lampoon parody.  I had always considered my co-worker to be  reasonably intelligent (she has a doctorate for God's sake) but after I  read this I never looked at her quite the same.<br />This book should appeal  to those who consider &quot;The Young and the Restless&quot; art.
B000005RXA|3.0|There are some great tunes and awesome musicianship on this album.   It is well produced even though the recording levels are annoyingly different.   Steve Hackett is always intriguing, yet on this recording he is sometimes  stale.I love the arrangements on most of the tunes, particularly  &quot;I  Know What I Like&quot;.  Overall I say  GET THIS DISC!
B00004THO3|1.0|Try not to laugh when Kincaid says &quot;I am the highway and aperegrine and all the sails that ever went to sea.&quot;<br />This book was highly recommended to me by a co-worker.  I read it in an afternoon (Thank God that I didn't waste any more time than that on it.) and was just appalled.  The dialogue was absurd, the characters pathetic.  It almost read like a National Lampoon parody.  I had always considered my co-worker to be reasonably intelligent (she has a doctorate for God's sake) but after I read this I never looked at her quite the same.<br />This book should appeal to those who consider &quot;The Young and the Restless&quot; art.
B00000K0E5|5.0|this is a great movie.  I just love pierce bronson and his nice tank wihich he uses to destroy many things in the movie.  The ending is the best part (I will tell you it because I know you want to see it so I'll give it  away)  When he stops the golden eye from hitting London and killing many  people.  Then he kilss the main bad guy by pushing him off this needle and  he hits the bottom of the satelite.
B00000HZTB|3.0|Upon its release, \\"The Blue Mask\\" was meant to signal the beginning of a new phase in Reeds music (the sober one) as well as a return to form in his songwriting. It certainly is the first but falls short on the second count. Here Reed spends a considerable amount of time rediscovering traditional values (home, love, marriage!) and villifying both booze and drugs. Lyrically, then, the air is often heavy with conservative cliches and humorless observations. Musically, however, Reed doesnt botch the whole thing. The title track, \\"My House,\\" and \\"The Gun\\" reflect brilliant songwriting that is also successful in changing the style which had driven him to a musical standstill in the late 70s. Here is a bones and flesh approach whose directness and simplicity only highlight the virtues of the songs. Robert Quine is particularly provocative in developing a guitar sound that is both sparse and harrowing at times. The same goes for the standout (and sometimes Pastorius-like) bass playing of Fernando Saunders. His interplay with the guitars is pivotal in moving the songs in the right direction. Having said this, the rest of the songwriting is lackluster and sometimes embarrassingly schmaltzy, as is the case with \\"Heavenly Arms,\\" a song even Stevie Wonder couldnt sing without cringing. In fact, stylistic developments aside, this album is really no better than the two previous perfunctory albums put out by Reed, both of which suffer from the same inconsistency. It is a matter of some wonder that much of Reeds material should be so overrated by fans who seem more fascinated by his past. And it is a matter of some irony that they should continue to overrate the man for the same reasons after he condemns his past in their face.
B000031XCR|4.0|I have been a fan of Celine's since the first time I listened to the single, &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot; and it gave me Goosebumps. I then saw the video and that was all it took for me to go out and buy the  album. I also bought the only video tape of one of her albums ever  produced.<br /> When I first listened to the album, I wasn't sure it was the  same person singing all the different songs. She sounded like a different  performer in each song. I knew after listening to that album, that she was  going to go somewhere with her talent. I have every U.S released album of  hers and all I can say is, that although I don't like every song she has  ever sung, I like 90% of them.<br />There is no singer alive today who can  manipulate their voice in so many styles of singing, that one is not always  sure it is the same person. Not to mention the way she can match tone and  tremolo in such a way as to sound like the artists she does duets with. It  is, in my opinion that very reason it took a relatively long time for her  to catch on here in the US. <br />I have spoken to several people in the past  who have liked each of her single hits without even knowing they were done  by the same artist, or even knew her name.  In the US, she wasn't really a  household name until &quot;Titanic&quot;. I think this album is a recap of  those songs that became hits, for those people who may never have realized  that these songs, that they liked over the years, were done by Celine. The  new ones are more for those of us who have been faithful fans throughout  the years.   The old songs I have already, and the only disappointment  about that, is that those songs which became hits, are not really the best  songs off of each album. There are many, many songs that could have easily  become #1 hits if they had been released as singles. However, Sony's  strategy with Celine has always been to get people to buy albums, not  singles. So, one of my all time favorites is not on thealbum, &quot;One  Road&quot;.   As far as the new songs go, I was not overly impressed when I  first listened to them. But the songs grow on you very quickly.   Sorry for  this long post. In summary, I recommend this album to people who may not  have known she was the one who recorded these favorite hits, and to those  diehard fans like me who are always waiting to hear anything new from  Celine.   Mark
B000002UAR|5.0|This one is for the zit-faced Lkeener, who thinks Beatles fans are arrogant.  She should look the word up in the dictionary (perhaps she'd see her picture beside the definition).  The Stones are a great band, but her  almighty Stones have put out some duds themselves.  I also think she's a  terrible speller.  To paraphrase She Said She Said, she's making us wish  that she'd never been born!  All the tone-deaf people, where do they all  come from?  Beware of such evil minded reviewers!
0307120007|5.0|I bought this book online for my neice's birthday. I live a five hour drive away so I didn't see her open it or play with it until Christmas. It turns out, it's her favorite book. She loves to touch everything. When I  finally went home and saw it I thought it was so tiny and small. I was  almost upset because I thougt it would be a bit larger. However, I did get  to play with it and it's fun ever for us 30-year-olds. A high  recommendation.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|This is an impressive debut.  I've found it to be really enjoyable.  It's the kind of album you can listen to repetitively and it still sounds fresh.  The singles &quot;If You Had My Love,&quot; &amp; &quot;Waiting For  Tonight&quot; are great.  Some other hightlights include:  &quot;No Me  Ames&quot; a nice duet with Marc Anthony, &quot;Feelin' So Good,&quot; and  the pretty ballad &quot;Should've Never.&quot;  I find it hard to  understand why the majority of reviewers are criticizing her singing and  making derogatory comments about her character.  I don't share their  sentiments.  If you like hip, savvy, upbeat music, On The 6 has it.  It's  highly recommendable.
6305263248|5.0|One of the best movies made.  Packed with stars and stunts this film is a must see.  Based in France it captures the mood and extraviganse of the country.  You will be stunned at the various car chases that incorporate  this fast beat movie.  Buy it and enjoy.
B000002OR4|5.0|Because of this music, one hundred years from now people may speak of John Williams in the same breath as Aaron Copland, Samuel Barber and George Gershwin as a truly great American composer.  It is simply a masterpiece  and I can't imagine a musical score ever bringing back such vivid images  from the movie as this score does.  An incredible accomplishment, and  Itzhak Perlman is just incredible too.
0446910201|5.0|Hello everybody, trust me you will really enjoy this book. Rubin Carter had a really hard time during his child hood. He was accused of three murders that he didn't do. During the years of inprosinment, he learned how  to be a weapon and a great author. Come and see my movie I directed  &quot;THE HURRICANE&quot;.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana has survived as a musical genius because his artistic expression not only is great to listen to but also reaches within the soul.  You can feel his music, and enjoy it even though some may not clearly interpret all  of the Spanish lyrics.  Many loyal fans have critized Santana for making  this recent album.  Looking at the surface, some see a 'sell-out' of  himself, but I see this as an opportunity to reach a new music-listening  generation.  A generation which may never have had the opportunity to hear  Santana's work.<br />Now, there is an interest sparked.  The likelihood that  some new listeners will pick up an older vintage Santana album-  increases.<br />Santana shows his versatility and desire to blend in all  aspects of the musical spectrum and create a solid album which delivers a  positive message to all people.   He accomplishes this by inviting a venue  of diverse artists and styles to collaborate with his own soulful mastery.   'Supernatural' is a unique blend which demonstrates unity, love, and  brotherhood among the many mainstream lines of our collective listening  tastes.  Isn't that what great music is all about?<br />It is evident Santana  has achieved his goal and as a fan I believe a musical legend such as  Santana has a more meaningful purpose to his work than trying to  'sell-out'.<br />Santana deserves to walk away with a Grammy this year for his  latest contribution.
0192833553|5.0|I must confess up front that I am a sucker of love stories. As such, Pride and Prejudice had me hook, line, and sinker from the beginning, turning page after page to find out if Elizabeth, the heroine, would find happiness  in the end.<br />A female friend of mine recommended the book to me (as did my  girlfriend) with the caveat that most guys she knew complained that  &quot;nothing happened&quot; in it. Needless to say, if you're looking for  action and intrigue, look elsewhere. There is some little intrigue in Pride  and Prejudice, but the heroine(s) play a strictly passive role. All the  excitement in the novel stems from the suspense of the Bennet sisters'  romances.<br />Another minor caveat: I was initially slightly distracted by  Austen's style of writing, which sometimes seems a bit distant from the  action of the narrative (at least to someone more accustomed to more modern  works).<br />However, I feel that this hardly detracts from what recommends  Pride and Prejudice the most (and what all love stories require):  interesting characters to whom the reader can become emotionally attached  and believable obstacles to their deserved happiness.
6305171769|5.0|This was an excellant movie.  IT kept on surprising you, and the end was VERY GOOD.  I would definantly recommend this movie to friends.     The only bad thing about the movie is they what they did to Timmy! (Joseph  Gordon-Levitt, the neighbor in the beginning)  I though Timmy's charecter  was great, and he definantly DID NOT deserve an ice skate in his face!   Anyway, it was a very good movie, if you haven't seen it, see it now!
B0000046X0|5.0|What can I say, one of the best Jazz/Fusion albums ever.  No mindless meandering, tight and structured, total commitment.  Not easy listening, sit and concentrate on this one, again and again.
B000031WD9|4.0|Althought many parents have forbade their kids to watch this film, it is a realistic rendition of average teen life. I am thirteen years old, and I admit that some of the movie is extreme for any normal teen under 13 or 14.  I found American Pie to be funny, entertaining and enjoyable. It is worth  seeing, but not worth and Academy Award Nomination.
B000006045|5.0|whatever you do, don't let your friends borrow this cd. i let a friend borrow mine a few (~8) weeks ago and am seriously hurting for a fix! <br />what many have described as haunting and refreshing sums up my  feelings quite well. there is this uniqueness that mez has that no other  album has ever managed to keep very long. when i had it, i played it  forever and would actually make a serious attempt to never damage it in  transport from car to home stereo, and vice-versa. it had to go with me  wherever i went. it was this need that i had, i swear, i was addicted to it  BAD! <br />i was feeling kinda groovy one day, and i let a friend borrow  it...damn!  i could kick myself for that. <br />i know i may get it back when  the semester starts up again, but after reading through almost all of the  reviews, my appetite was raging! i'm definitely going to get it  tomorrow...and you should too. <br />and never ever ever let your friends  borrow your cd's...remember!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|I see a lot of dissing of Jennifer here, with the term 'overrated' used often.  This is simply untrue--she was presented as a hotty who could sing a little, not as the new Whitney or Mariah. And although her voice IS  pretty weak, she is better-looking than a lot of other singers out there!  (Whitney and Mariah excepted, of course-- hey that booty is a little  oversized) So, if you want a nice-looking cd cover to stare at, look no  further! (just don't play it too loud)
B0000011N5|5.0|I have searched for years to find a copy of this cd set.  It wasn't until I found a Donovan list that I was directed to Amazon (the only place I could find it on the Web)  This is an exceptional album both lyrically and  in the best sense, a guitar player's album.  Widow With a Shawl encompasses  the depth of lost love unrequited and perfect melodic support to lyrics.   Donovan's fingers pluck the heartstrings in this deeply reverent album to  the human soul.  Many thanks to the Lady O the Lake in making a dream come  true.
0449002632|4.0|Having read his previous works, I keenly started on this book, especially as I lived and worked in London for may years.  The early settlement, the Romans, Henry VIII, the civil war, the begining of the Bank of England, the  start of the Guilds, the original coffee houses that eventuated into Lloyds  and the Stock Exchange, the blitz etc. they are all there.  The depth of  history centered around London is quite staggering.  Whilst I do not  disagree with other comments that the characters are not so strong as with  Sarum, for one who has strong links with London, I found the book  enchanting.  I often was able to recall many of the places mentioned and  could so easily relate to the history whilst enjoying the story telling.   Having finished the book, I am eagerly reading my next historical fiction,  until Rutherfurd produces another book which I will most certainly read.
B000003TA4|3.0|Okay, Nevermind is the best cd Nirvona ever made.  K, we are clear there.  Smells Like Teen Spirt, Come As You Are, and Lithuim are the best songs are the album, and the ones that will &quot;make you cream in your pants&quot;.   The rest pretty much junk, I mean useless filler, but that is pretty much  how every album made past 1989 was.  Now as Cobain goes as a guitarist, he  is good but not the god people portray him to be.  Mick Mars (Motley Crue),  Slash (Guns N' Roses), Carlos Santana, Jimmi Hendrix, and the lead  guitarist from Rush all put him to shame.  Don't even get me started on  Satriani and Stevie Ray Vaughan either
6305171769|3.0|The concept was certainly intriguing, though the idea seems to work better just as an idea than when put into execution.<br />Jamie Lee Curtis is no longer effective as a scared horror-film victim, but alas -- all of the  first half of the film has her precisely in that dreaded position.  Her  very entrance as a character -- waking up screaming from a nightmare -- is  preposterously insulting.  The &quot;Mr. Brennan&quot; character is both  horribly written and acted by Adam Arkin -- boy toy, hornier than any of  the kids, and quite simply an ineffective confidant for the main character  by virtue of how weak he is as a character.<br />It doesn't help that H20  overuses one of the most cliched and ineffective of '90s horror-film  devices, the false scare.  Urban Legend and H20 both overdose on this  device of having some kind of harmless character enter frame, a phony  reaction from a character, with what John Carpenter called a  &quot;stinger&quot; (loud, abrupt, usually percussive music cue) on the  soundtrack.  I usually burst out laughing on every occasion after the  second appearance of this device on any film.  This is not true  horror.<br />That said, H20 picks up steam midway through -- first, when the  Laurie Strode character finally starts to confront Michael Myers.  Long  overdue, and Curtis captures the grim determination well.  Michelle  Williams is all but wasted in the &quot;Molly&quot; role which basically  requires her to scream and act hysterical.  Josh Hartnett fares better as  Laurie's weary son John, and Jodi Lyn O'Keefe is lively as one of the Myers  victims, Sarah (thin character, but much more entertaining to watch than  Williams').  LL Cool J is quickly turning out to be an infallible comic  sidekick (also see Deep Blue Sea) just by being there.<br />Director Steve  Miner nails some nice atmospheric moments -- the series of dissolves inside  Dr. Loomis' abandoned room, for example.  But H20, like all of the  Halloween sequels, fails to achieve the subtlety and sustained atmosphere  of the original.  In the original, a tingling piano builds up the tension  while Michael Myers is *always* present so that there's always a sense of  danger.  In all of the sequels, the classic score gets overarranged with  synths and strings, tension is chopped up and diluted, and Michael Myers is  little more than another masked killer (&quot;horror&quot; sequences and  &quot;dramatic&quot; sequences in the sequels are too often separate and  distinct, making them extremely predictable).<br />H20 is worth a watch for  the nice brother-sister showdown between Laurie and Michael, especially  when the film itself pokes fun at Michael Myers' legendary invulnerability  (Laurie in this sequel *knows* Michael is never quite dead).  As a horror  film, it lacks the merciless grip.  As an action flick, it just might pass  the test.
B000000OQF|5.0|Okay, I'm glad to see that there are a few people that realize that Guns N' Roses was quite possibly the best band to come out of the '80's (My appologies to the Sex Pistols, Van Halen, Motley Crue, Quite Riot, and  Poison).  First things first, don't paint the picture that Guns N' Roses  was a band like the Doors or Aerosmith, and that the weren't a hair band.   Face it, they were.  Listen to the sound of their music, compare it to that  of Poison and Motley Crue (both hair bands).  They sound close to  identical.  Oh yeah, all of these bands came out of L.A., which also makes  them sound a like.  To be blunt, other than OU812 (Van Halen), Dr.  Feelgood, Too Fast For Love, and Girls Girls Girls (All By Motley Crue)  Appetite was the best album to come out of the '80s, and like I said before  seven classic tracks, and five tracks that what &quot;musicians&quot; would  call great today.  All in all at least a five star album if not more.   Hurry back Axl, and maybe find a better lead guitarist than Navarro for  your new album.  The new Sweet Child O'Mine off the Big Daddy Sound track  by G'N'R was a great song, and I think Fink played on it, get back quick  Axl.
0790733226|5.0|The story line is great.  It touches on very important topics that mankind is still searching to understand: humanity, our place in this universe, are we alone, faith, etc.  Jodie Foster is very convincing as the lead, and the  supporting cast is credible.  I really thought this movie would not be  worth to add to my DVD collection, but after you see the SFX on this movie,  you'll be glad you bought it.
B000001FFR|5.0|In my opinion this is the best cd of Anthrax. All the songs are great. If you like energetic trash metal then you should give this cd a try.
B00000583F|5.0|C# tuning. Reverb and phase and a hint of delay on the vocals. Pentatonic scales. Dirty bass and driving drums.  Black Sabbath? No, but they could be. If you like &quot;Master of Reality&quot; by Black Sabbath, especially  &quot;Lord of this World&quot; and &quot;Into the Void&quot; (two of the  greatest stoner-rock songs ever created), then you'll love Sleep's Holy  Mountain. The CD itself even reeks of bong water and George Dickell  whiskey. So sit back, toke up and let the Sleep experience begin. You won't  be disappointed.
B000031WD9|5.0|This was one of the funniest movies I have ever seen!   I'm a 30 Something &quot;adult&quot; and I was rolling!  This will most definitely be added to my collection!
B0000028RR|5.0|This is one of the best cds i have ever purchased. If you like Rage Against the Machine's other stuff, or enjoy this genre of music, you must get this cd.
B0000027D5|5.0|This must be the best of all the Santana albums. Dating from the time when the band moved from being an outstanding latin-rock outfit to being an outstanding latin-rock-jazz outfit, it is easily the match of Caravanserai, Welcome, Borboletta and Love Devotion &amp; Surrender etc (with McLaughlin)  from this period. The edge that this recording has are the keyboard  interplay of Coster and Kermode and Santana's guitar. Too often a live  album is just cashing in with a poor quality reverb heavy recording of  studio material with the added annoyance of audience noise. In this case  the recording is superb and there is none of  the inane whooping, whistling and hollering that spoil too many live shows.  Additionally, it is very unusual in the rock world to hear anything  approaching improvisation in live performance but this album is one of a  few notable exceptions. Beatles refrains and other references are thrown in  for added interest in some of the longer solos.
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter has never played a sport while riding on a broomstick.  He's never worn a cloak that makes you invisible, made friends with a giant, or helped hatch a dragon.  All he knows is a miserable life with Dursley's,  his horrible aunt and uncle and their son Dudley.  But everything changes  when Harry gets a letter inviting him to a school he never dreamed existed.   There he finds friends, aerial sports, magic, and a great destiny  for  him... if he can survive the encounter.      I liked the book Harry Potter  and the Sorcerer's Stone.  The suspense is really wonderful along with the  whole magical world that J.K. Rowling created.  This book has just the  right amount of humor along with mystery and suspense.  It's also fun to  see how the characters act.  This book is very well written.  I advise you  to read it if you haven't already.  I also suggest that if you read Harry  Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone and liked it, you should read Harry Potter  and the Chamber of Secrets, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
B000001E18|5.0|Whereas Achtung Baby! now sounds a tad dated, Zooropa sounds fresher every listen.The albums are quite similar in style however, both nodding towards dance music, though Achtung Baby was really only a token effort.Zooropa  succesfully mixes dance beats with a kind of avant-garde cyberpunk sound,  most noticeabley on Lemon, a stand out track - a laid back falsetto driven  &quot;dream landscape&quot;.The traditional U2 style of classic rock  survives on other tracks, such as &quot;the first time&quot; and &quot;Stay  (Far away so Close!)&quot;. The latter lays claim to being U2's greatest  track, a swirling lyric accompanied by a simple yet beautiful souding  guitar piece. The album's theme is taken from the ZooTV tour and centres on  the sensory overload of modern televisual culture. The first three songs  carry this theme mainly, the title track mixing in corporate slogans with a  classic Bono lyric about &quot;dreaming out loud&quot;. Babyface is a more  conventionall sounding track about the merits of porn videos (!). The third  track (Numb) sees Edge attempting to sing again( or in this case  robotically chant a list of rhyming words). Van Diemens land is far  superior. A sharp repetitive guiter riff dominates the song, which does  irritate after a couple of listens. Jonny Cash makes an appearance on the  last track (The Wanderer) which is a real grower and a classic in it's own  right. Backing vocals from the edge and bono compliment Cash's deep  baritone. In the context of U2's career this ranks as my personal  favourite, lacking the pomposity of the late 80's albums, and not trying  too hard like Achtung Baby! It is a very chilled out album and shows U2  capable of a greater range than they are given credit.  They are much more  than a stadium rock band - songs such as &quot;Daddy'Gonna pay for your  crashed car&quot; really pushing back musical boundaries. This track is  dominated by the rhythm section, which does to an extent overshadow the  impressive lyrics tackling drug addiction.   With out doubt in my mind,  U2's best album to date. Creative and inspiring.
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was a very funny, mysterious, and suspenseful book.  The book started off at the Dursley's house.  The Dursley's were Harry's aunt and uncle.  When Harry was just a baby someone delivered Harry to the Dursley's house.  While Harry was there Harry never  recieved anything for birthdays or any holidays.  The Dursley's hated Harry  for some odd reason.  One day Harry recieved a letter and found out that he  was a wizard.  Now, all Harry had to do was get to the train station and  find platform nine and three-quarters.  Then, he had to get to the school  of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  The name of the school was Hogworts.  I don't  want to tell you any more because I might ruin it for you if you decide to  read it.
B000023VR6|5.0|I always believed Dr. Dre is the best rap producer ever. But I was afraid his album won't live up to the hype it caused. West Coast rap had developped a lot since The Chronic and I wasn't sure if Dre would be able  to come up like he always used to - amazing, always with something new,  innovating and better than anything else around. And he did!  The man is a  music genius with an incredible talent for creating music. His new album  brings us some new gangsta s%#t as well as a lot of the good old one so  many of us love.  The prodcution is just breathtaking, with beats that just  blow yo' mind. Dr. Dre uses a lot of guest artists on the album  - Snoop  Dogg, Devin, Kurupt,Mary J Blige, Nate Dogg, Xzibit, Eminem, King Tee,  Hittman and many more. The album's got 17 songs and 5 skits. It deas with a  lot of topics - the game today, drinkin', pimpin', Playahaters, gangbangin'  and of course sex. Dr. Dre created a masterpiece, and it's the best album  in the last 2 or three years. It's a west coast album of course but any  real open minded rap fan should get it cause if you really know something  about hip hop you'll love this album! I guarantee.
0451169514|5.0|'It' all started when George Denborough saw something in the sewer. It was a clown, actually It was a monster. &quot;It&quot; is a story of seven friends  that grew up in a haunted town. They were haunted by a monster, by  It. These seven friends must go into the lair of It, and kill it. But can  they survive? To find out read &quot;It&quot; by Stephen King.
B000001DV2|3.0|Let me start off by saying Def Leppard is my  favorite band ever and a 3 star album from them is better than many band's 5 star albums but this album does not do it for me.  It has it's highlights.  &quot;White  Lightning&quot; is a great tribute to fallen Leppard brother Steve  &quot;Steamin&quot; Clark and musically and lyrically a bit of a departure  from the power ballads and arena anthems expected.  It comes across very  nicely.  &quot;Tonight&quot; is an all time favorite Def Leppard song of  mine.  It is also a bit of a different sound and Joe Elliott's vocals are  exceptional on this track.  I also really enjoy &quot;Tear It Down&quot;  which was first heard at the 1989 MTV Video Music Awards.  It is rather  fun.  Two Ballads, &quot;Stand Up Kick Love Into Motion&quot; and  &quot;Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad&quot; are also good as well as  rockers like &quot;Personal Property&quot; and &quot;Heaven Is&quot;.  My  problems come from &quot;Let's Get Rocked&quot; and &quot;I Wanna Touch  You&quot;.  While the first one is fun to listen to, it gets old and it  seems a step backward from the first 2 songs I mentioned.  The latter song  is a cheap attempt to make another &quot;Pour Some Sugar On Me&quot; but  without the immuendo.  This cd is good if not compard to any other Leppard  cd which are all superior to this one but it is not a bad album.  It just  has a few problems.  I do reccomend it because all Leppard is worth buying.   DO YOU WANNA GET ROCKED?
B000021Y77|5.0|An amazing movie, not as fast and furious as people would have you believe, but breathtaking and suspenseful. Franka Potente is absolutely hypnotizing as Lola and the overall feel of the movie is romantic and fun.  The dvd includes some fun extras, like Franka Potente's music video 'I  Believe' and audio commentary by Franka and the director. Although  translation is cumbersome sometimes, I would definately recommend the  subtitled version over the dubbed(both are included on the dvd). In a word,  astounding!
B00000JMQC|5.0|Chances are, if you're reading this amature review you've probably seen the original Wizard of Oz with Judy Garland but have never seen Return to Oz.  Return to Oz takes place where the original left off.  Except that  Dorothy is stuck in a mental hospital.  She escapes and one way or another  ends up back in Oz with her talking chicken. (Please don't judge the movie  prematurly just because it has a talking chicken.) When we see Oz we find  that the yellow brick road is smashed and destroyed, the Emerald City is in  shambles, and all of Dorothy's friends are turned to stone. That's as far  as I'll go, because that's all the premise you need to know before you  actually see the movie.  This movie is ingenious in so many ways.  It  revolutionized claymation, and special effects, the costumes are out of  this world, and the adventure that Dorothy is apart of is indescribable.   Return to Oz is deffinitly way more darker than the original.  Very gothic,  with a sense of tension that keeps building until the final climax.   Please, if you have respect for the movie genre, don't prejudge this  classic movie that has finally been re-released.  Because not only will it  entertain you, but if you happen to have a younger sibling who is singing  the yellow brick road song over and over, show em' Return to Oz and watch  their face turn white.  Enjoy.
0790737345|4.0|A stark eye'd, mad looking Cage asks some construction workers - &quot;is this blood?&quot;. Movie was excellent until cage became mortal, and then he became a little too animated. Seemed more like Castor Troy in Face Off  than an Angel. But, at the end of the day, a pretty watchable movie.
B000031WD9|4.0|High school is a magical time in every persons life.  We meet life long friends, decide what to do with our future, and more importantly, have SEX!   At least most of us do.  For the few that are left out of that  magical experience fear not, there are people who understand your desires.   Therefore they have made this movie American Pie.  What can I say about  this movie?  Let's see, DIRTY!   Boy oh boy is this movie disgusting.  At  least in South Park they don't have anyone drinking bodily fluids.  Don't  get me wrong however, it is these exact disgusting jokes that make this  movie so dang funny.  There is very little focus on the plot, the  characters have all been done before in different movies, and the dialouge  could use a major overhaul.  But who cares?  These movie will have you  rolling on the floor laughing, with tears coming out of your eyes.  Rent or  buy this movie as soon as you can.  If you never see this movie, you'll  regret it.
B00003A9QI|5.0|I have collected dramatic score soundtracks for over 15 years.  This soundtrack ranks in the top 5%.  The piano and orchestral accompaniment make this recording a must for all serious collectors.  It will uplift and  inspire you, as well as invite you to see the film again and again.
B000022TSV|5.0|Everything other reviewers have said about the passion Migenes-Johnson brings to the role is true. In DVD, the viewer controls the subtitles, so those VHS complaints go away. This realization of Bizet's opera is really a  hybrid -- neither true movie nor true opera, but the medium is perfect for  the story and the music. I loved the camera angles and the adaptation of  the original to this medium. Not a substitute for the staged opera, but  much more satisfying visually and the singing is superb.
6302787297|3.0|FILM CRITIC MY OPPINION OF THE MOVIE WAS THAT I THOUGHT THAT IT WAS GREAT.  I DO HAVE A BIT OF A SUGGESTION IF YOU DO NOT LIKE BLOOD AND GORE THIS IS NOT THE MOVIE FOR YOU.  FOR AN EXAMPLE WHEN THE GUY GETS HIS HAND CUT OFF.   BUT THE MOVIE WAS HISTORICALLY ACURATE AND TO LEARN HOW COLUMBUS AND HIS  CREW NAVIGATE AND SEE HOW FAST THEY ARE GOING IS FASCINATING.
6302516919|5.0|Christine has to be the best of John Carpenter and Stephen King's work. I loved it the first time I saw the movie. The slick red color of the car was so sweet and the way it ran was great! It will be the best Carpenter movie  I'll ever see in my life and the music to it was also OUTSTANDING!
0964385619|5.0|Soon after reading this book in early 1999, My wife and I sold our so called dream home and moved into a smaller home with a much smaller mortgage.  We now apply Robert's philosophies of assests and liabilities to  our financial decisions.  As a result we are much happier and have a much,  much heftier net worth compared to this time last year.  We are most  certainly builing a financial base and education to take us to the next  level.  If you want financial well being or beyond, then this book gives  you the critical information that is necessary to make it possible.  Good  Luck!
1568959672|4.0|I barely watched the latter end of &quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot; that aired on NBC a couple of weeks ago and knew immediately that I wanted to read the book. Fortunately I was not disappointed in my expectations of the  book.  It made very easy reading and I was done with it in a couple of  hours. The professor does a good job of reiterating the good lessons in  life while stating it in a very simple way.  These are lessons that we find  in the manual for Life, the Bible. However, the fact that someone who was  facing death is emphasizing these same messages makes it even more real. He  definitely helps to sum up the whole meaning of life. You must read this  book!
B00001QGPS|4.0|Being a person who had never really heard either of these artist's work, I would say that this is a pretty dope CD. I like the song &quot;Maad Crew&quot; because of it's layed back sound. And the little skit things are  funny too. (Like #9) Overall this is something I'd recommend to anyone in  general who likes hip-hop.
B000002ITW|1.0|Neil Young is revealed here as heads and shoulders above the others, no wonder he soon split. The sloppy recording, playing and singing were folksy and cool then, extremely dated now. This sound is simply too far below  today's standards. &quot;Chicago&quot; is a bright spot.
6302787297|4.0|If you like history, gore and adventure this is the movie for you.  Throughout the movie Columbus is portrayed differently and has multiple challenging situations that lead to a new civilization on what they thought  was a new world.  The movie tells the story of Columbus along with the  battles he fought with his men against the natives.  Also there are  traitors among some of Columbus's men which make the movie interesting and  fun to watch.
0783235968|5.0|If any one of the many movies Kevin Costner has made established him as a major box office star, it would have to be this one (although Dances With Wolves ranks a very close second).<br />As I've mentioned to many of my  friends, when you mix Costner with Iowa and baseball you have a  entertainment trifecta (of course I grew up in Iowa so I may be  prejudiced).  This movie is superb and succeeds on every level.  It's a  beautiful story of hope and redemption.  Costner plays the Iowa farmer  portrayed in W. P. Kinsella's novel with just the right amount of wide-eyed  wonder mixed with a spirit of adventure. Amy Madigan is also well cast as  his wife Annie.  I only wish my wife were as indulgent of my crazy ideas.   Although I disagree with a previous customer reviewer who thoroughly  trashed this picture, I do agree with him that Tim Busfield was irritating  (as he is in virtually every movie or TV show in which I've ever seen  him).<br />Two or three really great scenes stand out in &quot;Field of  Dreams&quot;.  James Earl Jones' speech about baseball is one of those  classic pieces of solliloquy in motion pictures that people will remember  50 years from now, right up there with &quot;here's looking at you,  kid&quot; from Casablanca.  The scene near the end of the movie where Ray  plays catch with his father is enough to bring a tear to the eye of every  man, and the wistfulness of a time gone by that Burt Lancaster shows us as  &quot;Moonlight Graham&quot; is simply elegant.  <br />I often think about  what I would personally rate as the top ten movies I've ever seen in my  life, and I have to say that the top spot on my list is a tossup between  this movie and &quot;Pleasantville&quot;.  Perhaps I'll watch &quot;Field  of Dreams&quot; this weekend and think about it some more.
B000003TA4|5.0|I LOVE NIRVANA&gt;  Buy this CD fast, you will love it!  Nothing compares to Nirvana, trust me you will love every song!  i listen to it everyday, and i never get tired of it, neither will you!
0783231482|5.0|Obviously Amazon.com customers know what they like.  Not a single one of the customer reviews of this picture is below 4 stars...and even an idiot like Leonard Maltin gave it a decent review!<br />What can I say about this  movie that hasn't already been said?  Jake and Elwood, played by Belushi  and Ackroyd respectively, have been recently released from prison and are  on a mission from GOD!  They're organizing a benefit to raise money to pay  the taxes on the orphanage where they were brought up.  We encounter  bravura performances from the best blues talents in the business along the  way, along with some great comedy!  The performance of the &quot;The Good  Old Blues Brothers Boys Band&quot; at Bob's Country Bunker is hilarious and  alone justifies the purchase of this picture.  EVERYBODY needs  SOMEBODY...and they also need this movie in their collection.<br />One piece  of advice...stay away from the sequel to this movie.  &quot;Blues Brothers  2000&quot; is god awful!
6305627401|4.0|I thought the movie was a great movie.  I was not a very big fan of South Park in the past, but this definately pulled me in right away.  The humor combined with the cheesey South Park animation mix together with the  musicical score (which I must say some of the music rivals music I've heard  in some of the finest musicals I've seen) to make definately the most  unique satrie there is out there.  I give it two thumbs up.
B0000024SI|5.0|This sis the first Dylan I listened to, and it spawned the extensive collection of his stuff I have today.  This is undoubtably one of the top 5 albums of all time.  Ballad of a Thin Man is my sleeper favorite, but every  single song on here needs to be heard 7 times in a row.  Buy this or live  in ignorance of what it means to be a poet, a revolutionary, an artist, and  a human being.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Every song was just as good as the originals, except better in some cases. Human is a great song, and so is No Leaf Clover. I also love how you think that battery is going to sound soft when they just blow you away.
B000002A3T|3.0|This album was a great suprise to me after vowing to never get another post Waters album (after making the mistake of Momentary Lapse)I must have had one when I bought it. Well, after years, I finally decided to buy the  Division Bell, just so I could say I have everything PF has done. I wasn't  expecting much, but the lyrically challenged Gilmour overcomes this  obstacle of his with sincerity in the lyrics of Poles Apart and Lost for  Words. Marooned is some of his best guitar work since Shine on 1-5, and  after all, his melow guitar has to be why we love PF instrumentals like  Echoes, right?  The rest of the album is mediocre despite what everyone is  saying about the other tracks. I don't think that anyone who loves pre  DSOTM as much as the rest of Floyd tunes would like this album in its  entirety. But the aformentioned songs are worth one star each. I would not  recommend this album to those who don't already have Meddle, Obscured by  Clouds, and even Ummagumma (live, not the studio sessions). Get those first  and then get Division Bell. And for Gods sake for all those spouting off  about this being the best Floyd ever, what in the H@#L have you been  listening to? Anyway, to those true fans who have been on the fence on this  one, make sure your collection is complete, then dive in. I think you'll  enjoy those three songs quite a bit. I hope this helps.
068484267X|3.0|I only made it slightly past the half way point when I was bogged down by the darkness and misery of this tale. The writing certainly has a lyrical quality, but I could not endure all of the tragedy. Surely there must have  been some more uplifting events that could help to lighten the reading  burden.
B00001P4RI|4.0|If you REALLY like Brendon's previous dark acoustic work like &quot;The Carnival Is Over&quot; or the tracks on Towards the Within, you'll probably like it. If not, you probably will not. It tone is closer to &quot;The  Carnical Is Over&quot; than &quot;American Dreaming.&quot;
0783223358|1.0|This is by far the worst adaption and I don't even think that you could even call it an adaption of a Michael Critchon novel.  The only thing in the movie that comes close to resembling a scene from the book lasts two  seconds and even that isn't close to the book.  But the thing that annoys  me most about this movie is if the only dinosaur on an oil tanker is a  T-rex and it's locked away in the tank compartment, is how did the crew get  eaten in spaces on the ship where the dino couldn't fit into.  Even worse  the city scenes where a rip off of another bad movie, Carnosaur.
B000002J1M|5.0|There are 3 albums that truly captures the best of Genesis; Nursery Cryme,Selling England By The Pound, and this one. Every tune in the album is blessed with the sound that made Genesis one of the best bands in the  world (if not the best), Specialy the last tune, Supper's Ready which is a  true masterpiece and competes tunes like The Musical Box or Cinema Show as  the best Genesis Tune. This album you will enjoy for sure.
B00000FFLI|4.0|TRUSTE MEERASE AND REWIND IS A GREAT SONG!
B00000J2PH|5.0|I decided to send this album to three of my most important friends, with whom I shared thebeauty of human life through the past decade. Because this album includes so many songs that express my feelings to them. Thnak you  Hiroko,Noriko,Yoko, and Ms. Carole King !
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is classic Santana... but then again, it isn't!  Carlos didn't sell out on this one, he just did what all true artists do - he keeps learning and growing, experimenting and teaching.  I bought it, put it on the  player, danced and... thought I'd throw up!   Rap?  Carlos and Rap Music?   I was wrong... it's a great tune and I'm glad Carlos reached out and got in  touch with Rap.  Every tune is excellent.  He's a master guitarist and has,  for far too long, been underappreciated by those who thought he was too old  or too latin or too something.  If you like this CD, buy the older stuff,  too.  It is every bit as good!
B00000DG1R|4.0|This album is a great introduction to Duran Duran for new listeners. It contains all of their &quot;biggest&quot; hits, and most of their lesser ones.  This compilation would rate 5 stars if the content was stronger. I  feel Capitol should have released this as a double CD; there are so many  songs that should have been included. Glaringly absent are &quot;The  Chauffeur&quot;, &quot;Careless Memories&quot;, &quot;Too Much  Information&quot; and &quot;Out Of My Mind&quot;. To me, this band  personifies the 80s music scene. The music is fabulous and still sounds as  fresh today as it did when it was released.  If you like this compilation,  you may want to try some of their other albums. I would reccommend  &quot;Rio,&quot; &quot;Notorious&quot; and &quot;Medazzaland&quot;.
068483605X|5.0|Once you get to the end of this book you'll probably go through all the pages at the back, desperately searching for more of it. If you don't read it, you're missing something. And who says the first 100 pages aren't  good?
0875845851|4.0|The Innovator's Dilemma is one book in a series of many which needs to be taken in its intentional perspective to present one aspect of a delicate balancing act to effectively utilize resources and achieve a  &quot;reasonable&quot; consistency between change and tradition.  I SEE  THIS BOOK AS ONE APPROACH OF SEVERAL TO COMPETITIVE STRATEGIES FOR MARKET  OWNERSHIP.<br />The Innovator's Dilemma is founded on the premise that a  Market Leader has developed preferred/reliable  technology for a predefined  market place, has taken a \\"customer-first\\" attitude, is using and  implementing good, or better, management practices, and has a plan to  facilitate growth of resources, technology and processes.  The  competitive  nature of most leaders is to disrupt the control of complacent elements to  improve their own position.     When the Market Leader narrowly focuses  financial return to microscopic time windows the value of investing in  disruptive technologies is lost, and market dominance begins to  deteriorate.  <br /> Typical corporate managers want to move up not down,  and in the market cycle this leaves a vacuum for disruptive technologies.   However, leaders are in many places, and it is all about balancing resource  with opprtunity.  The problem occurs when Market Leaders misread the size  of the opportunity and fail to adjust the necessary resources. <br />  Christensen has a wonderful way of presenting a \\"survival\\" package; but,  real leaders do not seem to perceive disruptive technologies as survival.   They see them as what they are, rare moments of great opportunity to gain  advantages to obtain control from those who failed to calculate the true  size of the opportunity.  Like looking for a lost treasure, the arrival of  a true leader on the scene of opportunity spells disaster for complacency  and tradition.  The HUNGRY are looking for the fat man's lunch.  As I  understand the elements presented in  this book, I can see clearly several  disruptive technologies:  e-business disrupting the distribution channel of  goods and services; wireless communications disrupting the market of  electronic packaging (I.e., backplanes, hardwired networks, fiber optics,  etc.); network independent protocols (I.e,  IEEE 1451)  disrupting  automation and communication network-based markets; build-to-order  integrated enterprise systems disrupting mass produced, full valued generic  products; and more.    Missing from this book, in my opinion,  was a  discussion on high volume niche markets to materialize competitive  technologies that can be expanded by sustainable technologies into the  general market place and displace the Market Leader.   .
0808599429|5.0|The answer is written on a bathroom wall within the pages of this book and examined between every line of it's text. The reader may not buy into Vonnegut's investigation of this question, but it's sublimely memoriable  and as absurd as the lottery of life itself. The author's drawings serve to  enhance the experience and set the tone of this unique and moral book.
6302719631|2.0|I made the very large mistake of watching this adaptation of Northanger Abbey BEFORE I read Jane Austen's beloved book!  Never again shall I do anything so foolish . . . (please ignore my silly review further down- drat  these non-deletable forms!).<br />Being a very great Austen fan, I came across  the 1979 BBC version of Northanger Abbey at my local library and promptly  snatched it up.  I had not yet read the book, and in my still fairly  immature stages of Austen-mania, did not really know how to judge such a  film.  I didn't know yet that JA wrote Northanger Abbey as a satire on the  gothic novels of the day, so I missed much of the intentions of the novel  (as, I must say, did the screen-writer!). Now that I have read Northanger  Abbey (more than once) and come to regard it as my favorite novel second  only to Pride and Prejudice, I find myself greatly annoyed by the  unreasonable and unwanted changes that were made between the book and the  movie.<br />The roles of Henry Tilney and Catherine Moreland were played quite  well by Peter Firth, and Katherine Schlessinger, respectively. Ms.  Schlessinger especially deserves kudos for taking on the role and  preserving the &quot;innocent, wide-eyed&quot; look that one would imagine  for Catherine Moreland. This film has been a subject of great debate among  people who love the story, for, as they claim, is does do a fair job of  butchering the story. However, all in all, the basic plot line is  maintained, and the costuming and scenery are well represented. Many  well-known &quot;true brit&quot; actors are in the cast, including Robert  Hardy (Sir John Middleton in Sense and Sensibility) as General Tilney,  Googie Withers as Mrs. Allen, and Cassie Stewart as Isabella Thorpe. Other  characters that are exceptionally portrayed are Eleanor Tilney &amp;  Captain Tilney. James Moreland and John Thorpe don't seem to fit the part,  but that is probably more the fault of the script writers than the actors.  The same would be case for Henry Tilney, who is portrayed as a  snuff-sniffing, cane-twirling &quot;Mama's boy&quot; type, as opposed to  the gorgeous, swashbuckling hero that we read about in the story. Another  sad thing is that the movie doesn't even mention the fact of his being a  clergyman, which, in my humble opinion, is one of the qualities that makes  him so very endearing! On the other hand, if one is not comparing Peter  Firth's portrayal of Henry Tilney to the real Henry Tilney, his character  can be quite pleasing. To be sure, he does not utter some of Henry's most  endearing lines (journals, etc.), but other good lines were created for  him, and he delivers his lines with feeling and animation. Some of his  &quot;looks&quot; are particularly humorous and exactly how one could  imagine Henry looking! <br />     My objections to this film are many, simply  because there were many added and unnessesary scenes. First of all, the  presence of General Tilney's &quot;friend and confidante&quot;, The  Marchioness. Her character is utterly strange and completely out of place.  I cannot account for how she was created or the rational for settling her  in this film. Secondly, the music is very &quot;eighties&quot;, featuring  new-age sounds, chanting voices, and a type of &quot;nighclub&quot;  percussion effect. It doesn't fit the movie at all (on the other hand,  maybe it DOES fit the movie, just not the story?). Another item to mention  would be the strange &quot;flashback&quot; sequences, which are actually  supposed to be Catherine's &quot;flights of fancy&quot;-her imaginings and  dreams. Some of them are a bit creepy (Mrs. Allen poking a needle through  her finger? General Tilney washing his hands in a basin of blood? Give me a  break!), yet silly to the point of being boring and stupid. They contribute  to the film moving along way, way too slowly. Then there is the issue of  Eleanor Tilney having a secret lover, which seems quite out-of-character  for her, and happens tobe another addition of the screen-writers which I  positively can make no sense of. Here's yet another. . . John Thorpe, who  is really supposed to be just a foolish, not-so-bright young man, is  portrayed as a scemeing, conniving, deceitful, and wicked fellow.  I  understand that the screenwriter may have wanted a rake as in Pride and  Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility, but it really wasn't necessary.<br />The  proposal scene in the end could either melt your heart or make you  absolutely hate the film and never want to see it again. Again, it doesn't  fit the story, and certainly does not seem like a scene that JA would have  written! However, if you have always longed to know more about the proposal  (which JA actually &quot;leaves out&quot; of the story), and you're a true  romantic--one who adores white horses, men riding out of the mist, and  strange night-club music in the background, than you'll love it. For your  benefit (and not actually quoted directly, but just pulled from my memory),  here are the lines that Henry speaks as he approaches Catherine. . . <br />      Henry: &quot;Miss Moreland, do not be afraid. I promise not to oppress you  with too much remorse or too much passion. . . though since you left us,  the white rose bushes died of grief. Catherine, are you still a disgrace to  your sex? Does your face betray all that your heart feels, or may I hope  that it holds a secret? You know that I do not need my father's permission  to marry?&quot; <br />     Catherine: &quot;But he knows you are here?&quot;  <br />     Henry: &quot;Yes&quot; <br />     They kiss. <br />     Okay, there you  have it. Somewhat sappy, somewhat sweet. I loved it the first time I saw  the film-in fact, I rewound that particular part about a dozen times. The  kiss is pretty beautiful, but I still can't get over the fact that the  scene doesn't fit the story. Alas and alack! <br />     Well, I have likes, I  have dislikes. Notwithstanding the films' obvious problems, I still enjoy  watching it very occasionally.      However, I am greatly looking forward  to the new film which Andrew Davies is in the process of writing, and which  should hopefully be finished in the year 2000!
0790740443|5.0|An inspired and authentic Science Fiction movie.  Trust me, if you don't like it, then you haven't managed to grasp even the most basic subtlety of the film - perhaps you should try something a bit less intelligent like  Star Wars.
0312954468|5.0|One can quibble about the historical innacuracies in Smith's The River God and be a bit put off by the the lead character's propensity to be smarter than anyone else in the story, but really - is this a great story, or what?  A departure for Smith, whose previous books focused almost exclusively on  his native South Africa, this book deals with Egypt 4000 ago. But as  typical of his novels, this one speeds along with great action and  wonderful characters.<br />Taita, the brilliant eunuch slave who narrates the  story, is an inspired creation. Larger than life while being, as a eunuch,  somewhat removed from the passions that move many of the characters in the  book, he is the perfect spectator/participant. He sees and understands  everything and his inventions and interventions move the plot in unexpected  ways. The book meanders a bit because it follows a whole life and its many  turnings, but it is fascinating at every juncture.<br />This simply is one of  the most FUN books I have read in years. Being transported to an unfamiliar  time and place, and having that milieu come alive so vividly - to be able  to vicariously experience the rise and fall of pharohs, cities, kingdoms,  suffering and success - this is the best kind of vacation from the ordinary  world we inhabit.<br />I highly recommend this book. It is intelligent,  exciting, creative and memorable. What more could one want?
006016848X|4.0|This book's a little corny, but, hey, it IS true...men and women ARE different and if we ever want to make a success of our relationships we have to understand one another.  I never knew women actually LIKED to TALK  about problems until I read this book, but I've found that they do.   Machismo and feminism aside, we are definitely NOT alike and won't be in  our lifetimes, so make like a duck and let the corniness run off your back  like water.  John Gray has a lot of good ideas that can help us all to get  along better and better.
1570427496|3.0|I'M SORRY IF MOST OF YOU LIKED THIS BOOK. BUT LETS GET IT STRAIGHT OKAY. I'M A 19 YEAR OLD GIRL AND I LOVED MESSAGE IN A BOTTLE TOTALLY MELTED MY HEART -- HAVEN'T GOTTEN AROUND TO THE  NOTEBOOK YET. ANYHOW MY POINT-- TO  ANYONE WHO HAS EVER READ ANY OF NICHOLAS SPARKS' BOOKS THEN YOU WILL KNOW  WHAT I AM SAYING WHEN I SAY THAT YEAH HE HAS A GREAT STORY IT'S FLOWING  PRETTY GOOD AND THEN BAM AT THE END HE JUST LEAVES YOU HANGING -- NO HAPPY  ENDING-- JUST DEATH AND MOURNING. IT MAKES YOU FEEL KIND OF MORBID I GUESS  YOU COULD SAY WITHA TEAR IN YOUR EYE. I'M NOT OLD FASHIONED OR ANYTHING OR  LIKE THE WHOLE FAIRY TALE THING. BUT DON'T YOU THING THAT IT WOULD BE NICE  TO ACTUALLY PICK UP A BOOK AND NOT FEEL EMPTY AND MORBID AFTER YOU'VE READ  IT? IF ANY OF YOU KNOW ANY BOOK LIKE THAT PLEASE LET ME KNOW BUT FAIR  WARNING ABOUT THIS BOOK.
B000002MQ9|3.0|This album is so-so as compared with amazing CDs such as &quot;Aion&quot; or &quot;Toward the Within&quot;.  Missing here are any songs with the driving beat or rhythms which makes so much of their music a trip to hear.   This album is all slow and moody and goth...not bad, but no where near as  good as later efforts by this duo.
014028009X|4.0|The novel of Bridget Jone's life is worth reading. I was pleasantly surprised by the protagonist's imagination and witty remarks. A wonderful summer reading for those of us who were &quot;single&quot; at one time in  our life. I also learned a few British slangs along the way.
0440224764|2.0|The Partner is formula writing at its worst.  Throw in a hero, the requisite bad guys, the requisite romance, and bingo...another bestseller.  Only this bestseller has a long way to go.  The beginning was intriguing  and I thought Grisham was finally going to get it right.  But the book lost  steam with every page and the ending was the biggest letdown in any book  I've ever read.  Formula writing CAN be superb...a la Mary Higgins  Clark..but Grisham just doesn't click.
0671015206|5.0|After reading several of the reviews of this book, it seems to be divided into love it or hate it. There seems to be a misconception among the &quot;one stars&quot; that your average millionaire is an unhappy, penny  pinching miser who never enjoys their wealth. The word FRUGAL is used an  awful lot as it CHEAP. I must tell you from experience that as the stereo  typical person that is discussed in the book, that I cannot be happier  living a middleclass lifestyle. My friends, neighbors and even family  (aside from my wife) don't have an idea how much money is being amassed. I  don't want to hang out at the country club showing off to a bunch of four  flushers who are up to their eyeballs in mortgages and credit card debt.  Getting up in the morning and knowing that there is no mortgage on the  house, every bill is paid IN FULL and on time, is the most wonderful  feeling in the world. It is a lot better than buying a $5,000 watch that  will be used only to impress someone in a $1200 suit. Sorry One Stars, I do  take great family vacations, go to dinner a few times a month and mow my  own lawn. I do not deprive myself of anything I really want. I just don't  want the latest things that are being pedeled on TV. Buying this at full  price would only make a sucker out of me. There are things you need, and  things you want, and it's OK to treat yourself but you must keep a strong  grip on what you are buying and why you are buying it. I have used a rather  strange baromiter over the years to aquire wealth. I try to have $10,000  dollars to invest by the time I finish a new tube of tooth paste. It works  for me except when my son squeezes half the tube down the drain. Boy do I  have to work hard that month! I am 40 years old and have a net worth of  $4,000,000. I will remain happy if I can keep my secret from my friends. I  don't think that I would be accepted in my middle class world if they knew.  This book is common sense to some, and a complete and foolish mystery toothers. If the one stars don't smarten up, they will remain one stars for  the rest of their lives. Buy this book and read it as many times as it  takes for you to get it, otherwise you will have no choice in your later  years but to live like a miser.
0553213105|1.0|This story was written in the early Victorian era, and hence it is quite old.  I was pretty much forced to read this book for a summer reading assignment.  I found it to be utterly boring.  The real question here is  why do I really care if the mother has all of her daughters married off to  wealthy parnters, or any partner if it must come down to it?  Maybe it was  a big deal back in the time, but nobody cares nowadays.  Maybe it is a  'literary masterpiece', but then why the heck is it so boring?  We need to  move on from the old 'classics'.  They mean nothing to readers (are there  many left?) of the modern society.
0679735909|4.0|Possession is a wonderful romance novel. I was totally possessed by the beautiful poems and enthralled by the love story that unfolds. A grand literary work!
B000031WD9|3.0|Overall the film was quite humorous in places, the scene where the guy is having sex with the apple pie was very funny, espcially when him and his dad were sitting at the table deciding what to tell the mother.<br />A bit  corny in places and also a bit praticable aswell but overall not a bad  film.<br />My only criticisim is that the lip sink in the first hour was some  what to be deisired, maybe it was just my disc, but would be intresting to  see if other reviewers had the same thought.
B000005AYM|4.0|With all the naked sounding R&amp;B, elevator jazz and overproduced soul music out there, this album is a left-field surprise.  &quot;Baduizm&quot; has a clear-headed grip on R&amp;B, jazz, funk and soul all at once.  Only  D'Angelo's &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; album can contest with this one for best  debut of the 90's.  The album has a very slow, mellow vibe to it, with  occasional punches of energy, like on the funky &quot;Appletree.&quot;   This is the type of music where you could relax with your lover, do the  dishes, or cook dinner.  It works on many levels.  Erykah's lyrics have a  very positive, earthy, rastafarian vibe to them and she tries not to be too  preachy; although you can always smell the incense when she sings.  This  album actually sounds like something that might have emerged from the  ecclectic, early 1990's; when rap, R&amp;B, and soul artists weren't all  trying to sound like each other.<br />Some people say Lauryn Hill is  everything that Erykah Badu wanted to be.  This doesn't sound anything like  Lauryn Hill and it shouldn't.  Erykah carved out a nice sound for herself  on this album that should guarantee her longevity in music as long as she  expands on it.  A great, jazzy &quot;chillin' out&quot; album.
0792838912|4.0|This is a film which will either bore you because of all the hype and because you are normal, or you will love it if you are into non-regular type films like Easy Rider. I've watched this film must be at least 60  times over the past ten years, and I like it for the following reasons: a)  the scenes are simple and effective (e.g. John's house is great, the market  place); the music makes the scenes enigmatic (e.g. Slave to love); the  story is about two normal people who meet in normal every day conditions  (no Hollywood type glamour with Tom Cruises/Dougleses/Pitts etc); its  something which could happen to you today when you are on that boring  subway, or in that boring supermarket checkout; the storyline is  captivating: will she leave him or not ? ; the sex is not that explicit at  all (i.e. it's not a porn); Rourke really knows how to handle that woman !  For me, it makes you want to start chatting up that woman at the bus stop  and relive the fantasies in this film.
0812550706|5.0|Characters you can associate with and a story to keep you reading into the wee hours of the night.  A real treat to any reader.
B000021XR5|2.0|This is one of the top bands of all time, but what the hell is this album.  It is NOTHING like the other three great albums.  Although a few songs rock, this album is very hard to get used to, after about five listens, I  finally got into 2 or 3 songs.  I hope they do better next time, it's just  a shame.
B000031WD8|5.0|This movie was great. It takes a humorous look of what it was like to be teenage guy in the 90's. It is like a revamped up to date Porky's.
B000002JSN|3.0|I must admit that I'd like Zep a little better if not for Plant's vocals. Screeching is not singing. <br />The unsung hero of this group was JP Jones. Underreated as a musician and composer and never given his just due. <br />PG  is probably my favorite Zeppelin recording, but it's not in the classic  category by any means.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Many hits on one album.  Everyone I know enjoys Supernatural
B000001DTM|3.0|It has that great song, &quot;One&quot; and maybe three other good songs, but the others are so-so and one memorable track, Ultra Violet, is IMHO just awful.   I don't know how people can compare this to Joshua Tree, or  War, or 1980-1990.  Buy one of those 3 first, and also get the  &quot;One&quot; single CD that comes with 3 others good tracks.  Most of  the people who gave this CD 5 stars wouldnt know a bad song from U2 if it  slapped them in the face, probably because they are obsessed with living  vicariously through this glamorized image of Being Irish, etc.
6302886228|4.0|While this program goes hot and cold, depending on the performer, there are some truly exciting moments.  One particular highlight is Eric Clapton performing &quot;Don't Think Twice...&quot;.  Slowhand has rarely played or  sung better...even the band is in awe of him.  This is almost worth the  price of admission alone.
6303481272|5.0|Ninja Scroll, the story of Jubei a former Samuri turned Ninja for hire. He befriends a young woman ninja and finds himself up against the eight devils of Kimone including the evil Gamma, The Shogun of the dark. Ninja scroll  should be the first movie anyone interested in anime should get. Once you  watch the blazing action and feel the suspense you'll be a die hard anime  fan for life. This movie will launch anyone, even those with no tolerance  for anime into the cult seen before you can say &quot;Gamma, burn with your  gold in hell! &quot;
B000023VR6|4.0|Great buy.  The first Chronic album is even better
0380804557|5.0|I love Neil Gaiman, i thought this book was so fun to read. I felt like I was 8 years old again. The mysticism pulls you in and doesn't let you go.
0060916540|4.0|This book made me claustrophobic just reading the back cover-surviving falling into a crevasse-are you kidding me? Aack!  This was a great book. It keeps you gripped throughout. I have to say though, I got a little  irritated with the constant reference to &quot;the voice&quot; towards the  end of the book. Also I felt a little cheated with how the book ended. I  wanted to know more about the physical and mental recovery of both men-but  the book ends rather abruptly with little details of what happened after  they left the mountain.
6304346107|5.0|This version of Emma, the wannabe matchmaker with a gift for wreaking havoc, is far superior to the much-acclaimed Paltrow release. First of all, it explains some of the characters more, giving them more rounded and  fuller backgrounds into the story.  Second of all, I think that the  characters have more interaction and chemistry than in the other version.   I love the character of Frank Churchill in this one;he is an absolute jerk,  more rounded out in character and position. Also, I love Emma's inability  to see what her interference in the matters of the heart does to other  people.  She almost misses the chance for love herself. Thankfully, it all  turns out well at the end of this lovely romantic comedy. You will want to  watch it over and over again!
0307165485|5.0|I had this book as a child as it was originally published in paperback and I actually wore it rags.  I believe I originally got it free in the early 1970's when my mom purchased a promotional box of laundry detergent.  Now,  I have just purchased a copy for my &quot;Mr Frumble Loving&quot; 2 year  old son and I myself look forward to the memories of these great little  stories being retold.  Wonderful detailed color pictures and great short  stories and lessons.  Thank You Amazon.com for making it easy to find  again!
0553296981|5.0|A wonderful book that really takes you back to the time of the war.  anne tells us everything.  Your heart will pound when you read the part where bombs are being dropped near the annex.
078323077X|2.0|This was released the same year as &quot;The Assignment&quot;. Shame, because it probably stole some of that movie's thunder due to the &quot;names&quot; in this [although the cast of the Assignment isn't exactly shabby].      Simply put, this is mildly entertaining in the action genre, 'The Assignment' is top notch. Don't disappoint yourself, rent 'The Assignment' instead....
6303972810|5.0|This film tells the classic tale of a hero's quest to save the lives of those around him with an interesting spin. Instead of making the hero some big strong guy, Willow is played by the more minute (but still incredible)  Warwick Davis. He gets help from characters such as Val Kilmer, but Willow  is essentially the hero of this tale. It is his ability to protect the baby  from harm that really carries this wonderful film.  Throw in a few fairies,  witches, and some magic, and you get the last great breath of fantasy  flicks to come out of the 1980's. I miss movies like this.
6304819935|5.0|I was lucky enough to have seen this movie before it was released at a screening for the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy, &amp; Horror on the USC campus.  I loved this movie so much that I took my friends to the  opening midnight showing in Westwood where the actors signed autographs and  many of the audience were dressed in costume.  This movie made me a fan of  Bruce Cambell who did an amazing job.  But, most of all it showed me the  best directing I have seen to date in cinema.   The camera angles and trick  photography are to be admired.  This movie is filled with some of the  bloodiest scences around yet is the funniest horror movie you will come  across.  Even after over a decade this is still tops on my list.
6300183211|5.0|I've seen pretty much all the great crime movies (The Godfather Trilogy, GoodFellas, The Untouchables, Carlito's Way, Pulp Fiction, etc.), but I gotta say that this one takes the taco. It's my favorite movie of all time  and has been for the past 3 years. Critics don't know jack. I can't believe  Leonard Maltin had the audacity to give this movie one star. Is he nuts in  the head? Probably. He also gave Taxi Driver (another great film) two  stars. Yet another point in which why you shouldn't listen to critics on  movie reccomendations. Look at all the other reviews about this movie.  Everyone seems to love it, despite a few rotten apples in the Amazon.com  review bunch. Pacino is my favorite actor and after seeing this movie, you  might understand why. De Palma is a highly underrated director. He doesn't  copy off of Hitchcock like so many people say. De Palma copies off of De  Palma. The synth score kicks and the ending sequences explodes with  intensity and excitement. Great buy for Pacino fans, crime movie fans and  movie buffs alike should get a kick out of this overlooked masterpiece,  despite what an ignorant man like Leonard Maltin has to say.
1560689986|5.0|This movie is brilliant. It is of a higher grade than the cruder &quot;Holy Grail&quot;  (but that's because George Harrison dumped a ton of money in their laps for this one), and it is a brilliant commentary on the  way people sometimes blindly follow religion. Brian's life is parallel to  that of Jesus, and he is even mistaken for the Messiah, although he keeps  telling people that he is not. There's even a mass crucifixion scene at the  end of the film. Some people may find that offensive, but I find it  incredibly hilarious.  The best part of the film is the stoning scene at  the beginning.  I just keep rewinding it and repeating the dialogue. It is  a very funny watch. If you see the movie and watch everything within the  context of the film, then you will find it funny.  If you are the type to  get offended at anything that mentions &quot;God&quot; in it, then you're  better off with &quot;Holy Grail.&quot;
B00000JZC4|5.0|this is a great record, even though Brian Liesegang is gone, Richard Patrick and the rest of the band still produced a great record. Top songs: &quot;Welcome to the Fold,&quot; &quot;Captain Bligh,&quot; &quot;The Best  Things,&quot; &quot;Take A Picture,&quot; &quot;Skinny,&quot; &quot;I Will  Lead You&quot;<br />Also, for people who already own this album, there is a  hidden track at the end of &quot;Miss Blue,&quot; in which Richard Patrick  talks a bit about some stuff.
B0000203YT|4.0|Joseph Fiennes as Shakespeare has got to be one of the best casting choices of last century. Not only is he incredibly talented, but he comes from one good-looking family!   Seriously, though, I don't know why he  wasn't nominated for an Oscar. His performance as Shakespeare, the writer  who suffers in both love and writer's block, is one of the most romantic  and lovely performances I have seen in a while. His chemistry with co-star  Gwyneth Paltrow is red hot. You can just feel the way they yearn for each  other, but can never be truly together because she is promised to another.   Mix this situation in with Paltrow's desire to grace the stage (which was  illegal back then), and the hilarity that ensues as the company of men try  to rehearse for &quot;Romeo and Juliet,&quot; and you get one of the most  original films in years!  The only reason why I'm giving it four stars is  because it really wasn't completely about love. I mean, &quot;Shakespeare  in Lust&quot; or &quot;Shakespeare in Bed&quot; may have been better  titles. I swear those two were like rabbits!  Still though, I love this  movie.
B00000AFHM|5.0|I've never heard of b&amp;s until i bought this album. I'm a fan of classic rock mostly, I kind of despise modern pop. I accidently reached this page at amazon, and i'm glad i did! Some of the reviewa are a little  exaggerated. I mean, b&amp;s cannot be compared to R.E.M. or Velvet  Underground, hell, how could anyone think of such ridiculous comparison!   However there is no doubt that b&amp;s is a fantastic pop band. The  melodies are simple and cute, and the vocals are beautiful. Their music  will never be considered as classic, yet they deserve 5 stars, for being a  fresh wind in the disgusting commercial pop scene of today's Madonna,  Britney spears, boyzone etc.
0425129586|5.0|This is Christie's masterpiece
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens was one heck of a cool movie! The Action was very good, although you never really saw the Aliens actually kill a human very much! Well, I mean you never saw too many people get killed or ripped open etc. The  suspense was not as good as the first, but it still keeps you on the edge  of your seat. I think horror/Sci-Fi fans have just got to see this superior  movie!So hurry up, go get.It's also a really long movie.Enjoy.
B0000025ZF|5.0|If you liked THE WALL, all of it, and THE FINAL CUT you'll love this.  It carries on in a similar vein but is simply the best of anything that Roger Waters has ever done in my humble opinion.  The lyrics and the guitar are  superb.  Nothing else I've heard comes close.  I've worn out two audio  tapes so gave up and bought the CD!  Be taken on another little trip with  the expert lyricist.
B000002UC5|5.0|I laugh at the below attempts to bash this album.  They are so full of incoherent nonsense!  If the Beatles would have released this album, everyone would be crying praise from high heaven about it.  Paul WAS a  Beatle.  They broke up.  Get over it.  People change, you know.  First of  all, try to find ANY McCartney fan who thinks Paul is a lyrical genius.  We  all know Paul's forte is SONG (music) writing: melody, et cetera.   Considering that this album was recorded primarily at home on a 4 track  recorder, by HIMSELF, the results are pretty phenomenal.  How many artists  have attempted &quot;one man band&quot; albums in the history of pop music?   Not many: Stevie Wonder, and the most recent example, Trent Reznor (who  basically didnt make an &quot;album&quot;, but a  collection of obcenities  and computerized noise.)  If you want amazing lyrics, go listen to Dylan,  or go listen to Lennon.   If you want a quality piece of MUSIC by a true  MUSICIAN, check this one out.  You appreciate more with each listen...it's  all Paul in every way, written and performed.  No artistic compromise here.
0670880728|3.0|You can review this book on two levels.  You can say, well, yes, it had a stolen plot, but on the other hand, isn't that good?  It has got several of my friends to actually read the 'original' Bridget Jones (!).  However, I  read this book when I was twelve, and although I laughed an awful lot, I  suddenly thought.... ohmigod I am going to be like this when I grow up.   That kinda scared me.  However, I have recomended this book to a few  people.  I have just a few pointers, 1)Don't read it is you're still in  school, 2)Don't go into it expecting too much and 3)REMEMBER it's FICTION,  okay?  The problem is not with the book or Helen Fielding herself, but with  the people who say, 'I feel I AM Bridget Jones.'  Stay away from them.
B000002UQJ|4.0|The biggest problem occuring with reviews of McCartney's solo material is that it inevitably gets compared to the Beatles.  Off the Ground is an underrated album because of this.  People say, Why doesn't he write  &quot;Hey Jude&quot; again?  (For an example of formulaic rock, one need  only look at the Rolling Stones.)  Off The Ground is a feel good album, it  is music existing for the sake of music.  Nothing subliminal here, and the  content is varied; from rockers like &quot;Biker&quot; and &quot;Looking  For Changes&quot;   to ballads like &quot;Winedark Open Sea&quot; , and  downright mystical songs like &quot;Owe it all to you&quot; and  &quot;Golden Earth girl&quot;.  If you want the Beatles, go buy Sgt.  Pepper.  If you want a fine Paul McCartney album, give Off The Ground a  shot.  You may be pleasantly surprised.
B00000J6AG|4.0|This album is a spirited blend of old blues styles with electronica.  It kind of reminds me of R.L. Burnside's &quot;Come On In&quot; but where R.L. is an old blues guy incorporating technological innovations, Moby is a  techno guy incorporating blues.  This is not as tough as R.L.'s record but  it is still a great record.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I was skeptical at first when I heard Metallica had recorded an album with a symphony orchestra, but after seeing &quot;No leaf clover&quot; on MTV I was intrigued.  It sounded so -different.  So, I got the album, and  wouldn't you know they've got a whole slew of songs from the black album,  which is the only album I had bought by them previously.  The new  renditions made me like the songs even more. The metal and strings blended  so beautifully... =)  I am glad I made this purchase.
0871137380|5.0|I can not say enough about this book, and how it affected me. I have been a helicopter crew-chief for 8 years training for missions like this one in the book. Reading this book, brought tears to my eyes, and also opened  them. It is a detailed report of what really happened in a small city in  africa. How men thought, felt, and acted under conditions I wish no soldier  to be in. If you want to know what war is like, and how it feels, READ this  book. My hat is off to the soldiers who died, and lived this nightmare. JOB  WELL DONE! &quot;NSDQ!&quot;
630441403X|3.0|I had no idea what this film was all about, and if I had any inkling, I would never have watched it.  But, I watched it to the bitter end.   I am in two 12-step programs, AlAnon, and AA.  I am familiar with being around  alcholics myself, and have seen the total destruction that it has done to  relatives, friends, and friends of friends.  I have been sober for the past  12 years, and have experienced a rebirth in myself, and I thank God for  that every day of my life. This was a powerful movie, and the director, and  the performance by Nicholas Cage were able to evoke tears, trembling,  cringing, anger, fear, and depression for days afterward, which might have  caused my blood pressure to become elevated. Yes, Sera and Ben were good  people at heart, but alcoholism totally takes over a person(s) life; and  when a woman resorts to peddling her body, depths of degradation become  part and parcel, and in these instances, there will only occur the extreme  inevitable... Yes, Nicholas Cage, and Elizabeth Shue played powerful, and  undoubtedly emotionally draining roles for this movie.  However with the  special effects of the present day, I believe Cage would not have to do the  as much work or acting as Ray Milland in The Lost Week-End.  The special  effects might have helped Cage get through the work and acting a bit easier  than Milland or Jack Lemmon in Days of Wine and Roses.    In summation, if  you can get through the lurid sex scenes or the disgusting language, to put  it mildly, this movie has some merit to it.  It is wake up call for  drinkers out there who think -I'm too intelligent to ever let that happen  to me - - -  Respect alcohol, it is more powerful than you.  Would I ever  see this movie again?  Hell, NO.<br />Clare Hynes-Pope New York City
6302824613|5.0|Brilliant movie David Niven was great. It is only a spoof but is brilliant.
630441403X|3.0|I had no idea what this film was all about, and if I had any inkling, I would never have watched it.  But, I watched it to the bitter end.   I am in two 12-step programs, AlAnon, and AA.  I am familiar with being around  alcholics myself, and have seen the total destruction that it has done to  relatives, friends, and friends of friends.  I have been sober for the past  12 years, and have experienced a rebirth in myself, and I thank God for  that every day of my life. This was a powerful movie, and the director, and  the performance by Nicholas Cage were able to evoke tears, trembling,  cringing, anger, fear, and depression for days afterward, which might have  caused my blood pressure to become elevated. Yes, Sera and Ben were good  people at heart, but alcoholism totally takes over a person(s) life; and  when a woman resorts to peddling her body, depths of degradation become  part and parcel, and in these instances, there will only occur the extreme  inevitable... Yes, Nicholas Cage, and Elizabeth Shue played powerful, and  undoubtedly emotionally draining roles for this movie.  However with the  special effects of the present day, I believe Cage would not have to do the  as much work or acting as Ray Milland in The Lost Week-End.  The special  effects might have helped Cage get through the work and acting a bit easier  than Milland or Jack Lemmon in Days of Wine and Roses.    In summation, if  you can get through the lurid sex scenes or the disgusting language, to put  it mildly, this movie has some merit to it.  It is wake up call for  drinkers out there who think -I'm too intelligent to ever let that happen  to me - - -  Respect alcohol, it is more powerful than you.  Would I ever  see this movie again?  Hell, NO.<br />Clare Hynes-Pope New York City
0767836286|4.0|The ending is brilliant!   And there are many very important issues that are broached with no concrete answers offered.  (Commendable)   However, some of the early and middle scenes of the film are obvious and boring.   Nonetheless you'll stay glued to the screen and be engaged by the plot and  the dialogue.<br />Not a movie I feel like I'd want to see more than once but  it's an important film and should be seen by all americans.
B000031WD9|5.0|This is THE most funniest film I have ever seen. It's witty, funny, got a clever script, funny, the perfect cast, funny and last of all it had me gasping for air because I was laughing soooo much!  Buy it 'cause you  will relate to so many things in the film!
6305657939|3.0|Although Mr. Brosnan's and Ms. Russo's performances are credible and the direction is commendable the script is lacking.  And that's not to say that I wasn't suprised by the ending... I certainly was but the romance was  staid, predictable and without real contrast or energy.<br />It's worth  viewing just don't expect much more than some picturesque scenery and  clever thievery.
0312853254|5.0|Speaker for the Dead really changed my outlook on life.  The ideas and relationships described in it are so unique and yet true.  I encourage everyone to read this fabulous book, as well as the other four in the  series (Ender's Game, Xenocide, Children of the Mind and Ender's Shadow)  I  would love to discuss this book with anyone who has already read it.  My  e-mail is LilGrape25@aol.com.  If you have not already read this book I  urge you to do so immediately.
6304233639|2.0|If you read Leonard Maltin's review you'll have the whole movie in a nutshell.<br />As a Star Trek Next Generation fan I was hoping for a film of similar quality, excitement and depth.  No such luck.
0312955006|5.0|Concrete Blonde drew me in right from the start and I could not put it down. I guess it is true that you can judge a book by it's cover. <br />I have read all of Michael Connelly's books and enjoyed them all - this one was  wonderful. Harry Bosch is a great character and Connelly really expands him  and draws us further into his world with each book.  He draws the reader in  and really allows you to get to know the characters (and not just Harry but  the peripheral ones as well). <br />Concrete Blonde was well written and  totally addictive - once you open it you can't put it down!
0871137380|5.0|As an ex-military, paid researcher, I find what Mr.Bowden has achieved staggering. To come in as an outsider and get this kind of insight into Special Ops Units. To put the scattered pieces of the puzzle together and  come out with this kind of quality. To be able to deliver on this level in  spite of the classified information restrictions. This is a winner.
0893860220|5.0|I want to echo what another reader said :Read with courage.  It is one of the Most Amazing book I've ever read.  It is unique in its clarity, forthrightness, and transformative power. We are tremendously fortunate  that such a being is speaking openly about his state.  I've read literally  thousands of pages on books related to consciousness expansion and eastern  spirituality.  But after reading Nisargadatta's Maharaj, something in me  has totally shifted.  I can never think about things in the same way.  His    practice of &quot;I am-ness&quot; is so simple and has deepened the more I  practice it.  Nisargadatta Maharaj was a totally unique being who speaks  directly to the core of our being.  It's amazing that he had barely any  formal education (therefore he is not teaching what he has read in books,  but from his experience), lived almost unknown, in a tenement in Bombay.   As he says he was a simple man who sincerely followed what his guru (From  an authentic and revered Indian spiritual lineage) taught him and regained  his &quot;natural state&quot;(which is what we are all trying to do). He  never established any large ashram or following, as he could have easily  done if he was looking for ego gratification.  He simply was himself and  gave of himself naturally to those around him.
B00000ADG2|4.0|All around a great CD, especially in this day and age where so many one-hit wonders somehow manage to put together an entire CD with the remaining songs being garbage.  This CD has LOTS of great songs.  Evertime  I hear &quot;To Zion&quot;, I get all choked-up!  Talk about soulful!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am just about the biggest Metallica fan that you could find, and when I heard that they were doing a couple of shows with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra, I knew it would be awesome.  And then when they  released the cd, that was even better.  This double-disc album rocks from  the starting of &quot;Ecstasy of Gold&quot; to the final resonating chords  of &quot;Battery&quot;.  This was truly a great venture, with them  combining not only the symphony, but also a live, greatest hits cd.  If  you're a true Metallica fan like me, then this is well worth the money to  shuck out and buy, because let me tell you that you won't be disappointed.
B00000K2SC|5.0|In a word, fantastic. The action sequences are on par with Bruce Lee movies and the special effects on par with the groundbraking Terminator 2:Judgement Day.  The use of different colors (Green and Blue) lends itself  to a sense of eerie-ness and reality respectively.  A must see!
0553573403|4.0|I write as a Dominican friar and teacher of Scripture (and formerly of literature) in Rome.  I found Martin's book fascinating.  At first the disconnected narratives are hard to follow.  Then you realize that you're  in the same world as &quot;War and Peace&quot; -- families that interact  against the backdrop of larger events.  I detect the influence of Herodotus  (his description of the Scythians) and &quot;The Golden Bough&quot;.  For  those who want humanity to be nice, this is not a nice book, but it  represents a wonderful re-presentation of the epic spirit in western  literature.  The characters are well-drawn and in many cases  well-developed.  The shifting of perspective may be disconcerting but the  author shows a distinct bias in favor of honest, honorable characters,  however gruesome their fates may be.  A comparison with Tolkien is silly;  this is a different type of epic.  My only hope is that it not succumb to  being drawn out to the length of  Jordan's interminable Wheel of Time.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|...sera lo mejor, porque podra decirle lo avergonzada que me siento de que sea ella quien represente a la mujer latina tan prominente y desfachatadamente. La pobre jura que todo el mundo se cree ese EMBUSTE que  es ella. ..pero qu suerte que su TALENTO la sac del 'ghetto'...Cmo es  posible que a esta basura se le llame msica?  Esta niita no tiene la  menor idea lo que es ser LATINA -- de latina no tiene na'...!  Le di la  estrella porque Amazon no me dej darle 0. Ha sido comprobado que las  personas que le dieron ms de una  estrella  a este CD no tienen odo  musical. Los que le dieron 5 estrellas TRABAJAN CON ELLA!  Money talks!
6304230109|5.0|Layne Staley is at his best here.  The king of katz is actually performing!  Now I realize he's not doing much of anything and that's why this video is so special to me.  You will notice he is wearing gloves in  the video that's because he shoots up in his hands.  Anyways great music,  great video and LAYNE STALEY!
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie is one of the funniest movies I think I have ever seen.  I guess it's even cooler when I live so close to the school that the movie is modeled after.  I've been to &quot;East&quot; many times, and this movie  just resembles something I could see happening there.
B00000J7J4|5.0|My first cassete that i bought in my life in 1984 was santana's cassete ( the song Black Magic Woman ) till today..... i am still listening to santana and forever JFK_6@hotmail.com
B000000W5L|3.0|COMPARING THIS TO WHAT HAS COME FROM THE STONES AFTER THIS,YES, THIS ALBUM HAS IT'S HIGH MOMENTS, BUT SORRY, IT'S NOT THE BEATLES WHITE ALBUM,NOR IS IT LED ZEP VOLUME IV, OR PINK FLOYD DARK SIDE OF THE MOON. THE GOOD MOMENTS  ARE TUMBLING DICE, HAPPY,SOUL SURVIVOR,AND ROCKS OFF. THE WORST IS SHAKE  YOUR HIPS, TURD ON THE RUN,(SAY WHAT?)I JUST WANT TO SEE HIS FACE,AND SWEET  VIRGINIA,SUNG HEE HAW STYLE. THE REST FLOATS BETWEEN OKAY TO JUST SO-SO. AT  THIS POINT THEY STILL HAD SOME GAS IN THE ENGINE,BUT THIS SHOULD HAVE COME  OUT AS A SINGLE ALBUM,IT'S JUST TO INCONSISTENT TO CALL A ROCK MASTERPIECE.
B000031XCR|5.0|I'd like to start out by thanking all the faithful fans that have rated this album 5 stars.  I think this album deserves all 5 stars.  Her new hit &quot;That's the Way It Is&quot; is the best song she's made.  Also, I  don't understand why people who hate her so much are writing reviews on her  album.  If you didn't like the album then don't buy it and don't write your  nasty comments on here.  Your review is not helpful.  I reccommend that  this CD be in your collections of Best Albums because it includes the best  of the past ten years for a great Artist Celine Dion. Great Job Celine!
B000001IQH|5.0|this cd is great, it has the true meaning of punk in all of its musi
0789423952|5.0|For my first work, I started with Ashely's bible on knots.However, that was far and away too authoritative - with thousands ofknots at my disposal, I had no idea what the most important were.<br />I needed a succinct introduction.<br />Pawson delivers just that.  A &quot;fine little book&quot; it is indeed - yet in this modest, superbly illustrated volume lurk about one hundred important knots - most are very useful, some are decorative, and all are rewarding.<br />If Ashely's work is the college of knot tying, this would be my vote for the textbook for &quot;Knots 101 - the adventure begins !&quot; END
B00000J7J4|5.0|This album was awsome.  Rob Thomas wails and Santana is as great as ever
6305718903|4.0|where should i begin? the explicit yet appropriate content of this film or it's characters?the movie is based on an atheist named frankie(patricia), she is in her tub when she recieves her first of several painful to watch  but obviously more painful to experience stigmata(hence the title). yadda  yadda yadda, catholic priests(byrne), yadda yadda yadda, the quote: anabe  non importante which loosely translate to: the messenger is not important,  yadda yadda yadda, conspiracy, yadda yadda yadda, room of fire, and then we  get to the end. i loved this film, not a perfect film but great. now,  wether youl believe in stigmata or think it's just the proof of hysteria( i  will explain later), this is a film to see. i loved the way how the  segments of scenes merge together by phasing.<br />now, the controversy,   stigmata as you know must have heard is not only the bleeding of MY LORD  AND SAVIOR JESUS CHRIST, but the actual puncture wounds, yeah i know its  very disturbing but MY LORD AND SAVIOR JESUS CHRIST died on the cross for  our sin's.<br />back to the topic, hysteria is what skeptics claim stigmata  is. now im not the best to tell you what it is but i can give you the basic  theory behind it. it is when a person that really believes that something  physical is happening to him, BUT ISN'T, actually does, you know what i  mean? like lets say a man is dreaming and he truly believes that someone  stabbed him, and when he wakes up he bore the wound that he believed he  has. now don't freak out or anything just because you have weird dream, its  for the people who truly, deeply, and thinks with his heart and soul that  he has some physical injury upon him.<br />finally, im a christian, i'm asian,  and i loved this film, what christ went through is very painful, yet so  full of meaning, he is so strong and focused and the pain he had to endure  is of course not really felt but the actress, patricia, is very good in  this film, it takes on hell of an actress to act out the pain and suffering  of a cruxifiction. she is very talented and so is byrnes, very good cast,  plot, twists, and leaves you with a satisfied feeling.
B00001U03Q|5.0|Buy Cream of Clapton and this Chronicles cd first if you are thinking about Getting into clapton.  I personally have loved him forever and am very excited to finally get Changed the World,  Tears in Heaven and Its in  the way That You use it all on one cd.  Wow and by the way the only repeat  songs on both cds I mentioned are Layla and ..............well that is it.  The layla on chronicles is the acoustic version and Cream has the original  version.  Clapton is very good and he owes it all to the good Lord above.   By the way....Clapton is twice the guitarist that carlos santana is --- God  bless and goodnight
B0000399WI|5.0|This is one of the best movies that you can buy and add to your DVD collection. The acting is great and the story is extreamly well written. There are few extra features but having the movie itself is really enough.  Buy the movie. Don't rent it. Buy it. You'll like it.
B00000DCER|5.0|I've been a Johnny Lee fan for a long time.  When I heard this CD I had to Have it!  It is made up of Duets with people such as Carlos Santana, Bonnie Raitt, Jimmy Vaughan....an all-star cast.<br />The songs are from Johnny's  vast career, but done with the other artist's style meshed with Johnny's.   They really did a wonderful job with this CD.<br />And if you are new to the  blues, have no fear buying this CD, in fact it is a great &quot;first  blues&quot; CD for your collection...Enjoy!<br />Spin
068485743X|5.0|Noah asked me, as the &quot;Critters.org guy,&quot; to read a galley of TFFP; I was terribly impressed (and no, I don't know him beyond a few emails, nor am I in any way involved in this).  The book neatly describes  the majority of what I personally find wrong with beginners' (even much pro  :-) writing.  Yet it's not particularly a book about how to write -- it's a  book about *How not to get rejected*.<br />The title is from the widely  practiced, but perhaps not as widely known, concept that you only have the  first few pages to make an impression.  (He said he'd have called it  &quot;The First Five Sentences&quot; -- but he didn't think people would  believe him.)<br />What he's done is categorized the kinds of things that he  as an agent and editor sees so much of in slush reading that they earn a  manuscript a near instant rejection.  If you want to sell stuff, you need  to know how editors look at your work.  This is the book to read.<br />I agree  with him so much, and like it so well, my only regret is that I didn't  write it myself. :-)
0312857063|4.0|I like this one better than WFR. I don't enjoy the character development as much as the thorough 'creation' of a believable world and book 2 makes a giant leap in that compared to book 1. However, a lot is still in the  shadows and needs explaining. For one thing, a glossary would help and a  more detailed map. The magic stuff drives me crazy sometimes. When the  author doesn't want to tell you how it works it seems as if he does not  know or care himself. Here you need magic powder, here a waive of hand ,  here a spell, here just a thought. Magic in a sword, in a person, in a  creature;creature of magic;a gift... Where's the system? What is the  difference between a witch and a sorceress? Additive/Subtractive concept is  often contradictory. Zedd built the boundaries and talks to his parents'  spirits, but other than that knows naught about the veil or the underworld  and does not have a hint of Subtractive.  But, nonetheless, the book is  exciting and well worth the lat night time spent on it.
B00000G3PA|3.0|O.k. movie, with an non-believable plot and silly premise, but the special effects are absolutely staggering. I pumped this movie through a Dolby Digital, six speaker surround system and this was the only saving grace. I  gave it 3 stars simply for the FX.<br />P.S. Steve and Liv Tyler REALLY do  look alike.
6302787300|4.0|This movie on Columbus and his voyages was very good.  All aspects were well done.  The ships, the music, and the actors were all strong points of this movie.    During Columbus' voyages the ships that were used looked  old and like the boats that Columbus really used.  The ocean and the  background all made the voyage look good and like it was really happening.     The music was great and the teller of what is going to happen next.   When Columbus landed on the island the first and second time the same  spooky music played and told you something was going to happen and  something did.   The music played a big part of this movie and made it a  better movie.  All of the main actors looked like they were in the  right place, with the right hair cuts and what they wore was put together  well.  The accents that they had sounded good and made the movie more  realistic.    I recommend this movie to everyone especially if you want  to learn more about Columbus and his voyages and I give this 4 stars.
B0000399WI|5.0|A classic! Shawshank is undoubtedly one of the Top 10 movies of the 1990's. Based on a beautifully written Stephen King novella, this movie guides you through Shawshank prison with imaginative storytelling and  narration in the first person of Morgan Freeman's character. Freeman gives  a perfect performance, as does Tim Robbins as the focal character. You will  not be disappointed with this masterpiece.<br />P.S. This movie should never  have been beaten in the 1994 Oscars by Forrest Gump. Both are great movies,  but I had Shawshank by a nose ...
0684872153|5.0|With James Joyce being my all time favorite author, this was a must read for me (the tale of growing up in Ireland).  As I began reading, I certainly gave a pshaw or two.  I said to myself &quot;Yes this young  fellow had a tough life, but has anyone read a child called it?&quot;   While Mr. McCourt certainly didn't endure the abuse David Pelzer did, there  seemed to be no end to Mr. McCourt's tragedies.  Imagine the frustration of  waiting week after week for your fathers pay, only to know it was to be  drunk at the pub.  Imagine the conflict as you didn't know how to view the  father.  He was an alcoholic that left his family in poverty, but you could  still clearly see that he loved his family...but could not get past his  sickness.  The use of words was wonderful, I especially loved how he used  to call the upstairs of his house &quot;Italy&quot; because it was warm,  while the downstairs was &quot;Ireland&quot; because it was flooded.  Now I  see the film is coming out, and as we know...normally films cannot hold a  candle to the books written on them.  However, after viewing the trailer to  this one...I saw exactly what I pictured in my head.  I may ramble, but  it's difficult to read this book and not ramble about it.  I do not give 5  star reviews myself easily...this one was very worthy.
0385495315|5.0|I must admit to some bias, since I am a former cryptanalyst myself (I cracked Captain Midnight's secret code when I was 12 years old--that was the beginning and end of my career--and I was delighted to see a picture of  the Code-o-Graph which I never had to order, in Singh's new book). The Code  Book is every bit as fascinating as Fermat's Enigma, and it was a  treasure-trove of annecdotes which spiced my conversation every day while I  was reading it, such as Churchill's inadvertent encouragement of the German  military to adopt Scherbius' new Enigma machine by describing in one of his  books how the British had broken German codes during WW I, a fact of which  Germany was unaware until then.
B00001QGPR|4.0|a collection of melodic songs is a great idea . but why choose the wrong songs. when you have great songs like:somthing in the air,survive, the dreamers,new angels of promise and the pretty thing.... why add simple and  unwanted songs like &quot;dreaming on&quot;..and &quot;what's really  happening&quot;.the first -a song so simple bowie could have thought of  while sleeping and the second is simply bad. &quot;seven&quot; is great at  first but then comes the lazyiest ending ever with simple rendition of the  word(hold still)-SEVEN.  still worth the while with &quot;thursdays  child&quot; and every thing. but as the 90's close down it is clear that  outside was his best of the decade and one of his all time greatest albums.
B000002UKS|5.0|I dont know how you could find a better all around  cd.  Everyone that listens to it just loves it.  A definate must for any CD collection!
6304539258|3.0|It's been very amusing to read the other reviews that  people have written for this film. People who love &quot;Star Wars&quot; say that people who hate it have no imagination. People who hate &quot;Star Wars&quot; say that  people who love it are geeks. As for myself, I am neutral. I don't care  either way. I DO have some opinions though. <br />First of all, this is not  the best movie ever made, nor is it original. George Lucas owes a debt to  the great H.G. Wells for how Star Wars looks. The costumes are influenced  by that 1936 film &quot;Things to Come&quot;, based on Wells' futuristic  novel &quot;The Shape of Things To Come.&quot; The same applies with the  clean, bright decor and flashing lights.<br />&quot;Star Wars&quot; is  basically the story of King Arthur retold in a futuristic setting. The  lightsaber is the SF equivalent of Excalibur. (Both weapons involve a  mystical &quot;force&quot;.) Luke Skywalker is  Merlin's apprentice, in  this case represented as Ben Kenobi.<br />I myself believe many of the ideas  for &quot;Star Wars&quot; came from &quot;Dune&quot;: the young hero with  mental powers, the evil Emperor, that sense of a time so far in the future  it feels like a long time ago. <br />Many of the pictures I paint are of  futuristic scenes. When people see them, they assume I am a big &quot;Star  Wars&quot; fan. I assure you I AM NOT. But &quot;Star Wars&quot; is now  such a firm part of our culture, it's a natural thing for people to assume.  I don't hate &quot;Star Wars&quot;, but I'm not one of those people who  knows the script off by heart either. I prefer films like &quot;A Clockwork  Orange&quot;, &quot;The Terminator&quot; and &quot;12 Monkeys&quot;. These  kind of films leave me thinking afterwards.<br />&quot;Star Wars&quot; is more  of a harmless adventure yarn. Great visuals, simple plot, and a sense of  child-like wonder. It's a nice, old fashioned idea of good versus evil.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The CD is great, but nothing beats having seen it live.  It was the best concert ever, and I've been to a lot.  The CD captures the sound and the experience we all felt when we first heard the symphony play along with  Metallica.  Just to hear  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; I'd buy this  CD!  You can't miss...I just wish I got to see both nights and not just one
B000002H70|5.0|Disintegration was the first Cure album I bought back in 1989 after hearing Fascination Street on the radio. I wasn't really into their music at all up until then, but I got home, put the tape into my stereo and from  the opening seconds of Plainsong I knew that this was my favorite band in  the world. They haven't let me down since. This album is musically  incredible and lyrically fascinating. Many songs, such as Plainsong, Closedown and Untitled are awash in long, lush intros followed by Robert  Smith's introspective lyrics, back into an extended outro. Quite simply,  these songs move me. They are haunting, beautiful and captivating. These  are some of the best lyrics put to music I've ever heard. On 'Plainsong',  Smith proclaims 'sometimes you make me feel like I'm living at the end of  the world' 'It's just the way I smile, she said' is his response. I can't  recommend this album enough. Many hail this album as among The Cure's best,  which it is. It is also seen, quite rightly, as a pretty dark album in  mood. But it's the lyrics and the music that raise the beauty of this album  above its somber mood and make it a great addition to your music library.
0800141628|5.0|I love this movie so much.  I watched it for the first time when I was in 6th grade and it has never been shaken from the top.  I guess it's the fact that I related at that age, and as I have gotten much older, I have found  it to be more inspiring and briliant.<br />The acting, which I still shutter  from, is amazing.  The script based on the novella &quot;The Body&quot; by  Stephen King was top notch(it is in the collection by King called Different  Seasons along with Shawshank Redemption and Apt Pupil).  I guess the best  thing about it (and yes I am going to be cheesy) is the lessons it  continually teaches me about friendship and a sense of belonging.  I won't  lie.., I feel that Gordy and Chris are some of my closest friends now :)<br />I have seen this film way too many times!  Pinky swear!<br />*parents note:  This is a great movie, the only drawback for you is the language and there  is a lot of it.
0060171936|5.0|Marlo Morgan is a friend of mine.  She is amazingly loving and accepting, keenly perceptive and 100% honest.  If you've spent any time around her, even just by going to one of her presentations, I'm sure you have been  struck by her honesty.  Some untrue assumptions have been made in these  reviews.  She lives a simple life and is extremely generous.  She is quite  involved with a group of older Australian aborigines who were taken from  their families as children by non-aboriginal Australians (see her latest  book, Message from Forever).  She works for justice and for peace.  She is  deeply connected to and committed to the aborigine friends she writes  about. Still, you are all getting from the book exactly what you are  supposed to get from it.  For me, each time I pick it up and read, I feel  like I'm coming home in a sense.  Its meditative for me, bringing me to a  place of calm and happiness.  I wish for all who read it to be enriched in  some way.  Thanks to Marlo and her book, the first words our daughter heard  when she was born in our home and wrapped in her mother's loving arms were,  &quot;we love you and we support you on your journey.&quot;
B000002IOW|5.0|If you're a true fan, you know that Rush's pattern has been to put out 4 studio albums and then a live one. Well, seeing as how this was thier first album after &quot;A Show of Fans&quot; (their third live album), we all  knew that this would be the beginning of phase four.<br />Noone disputes that  Rush's music has evolved more than any other single rock band that has ever  existed. Heck, they've had since 1968 to figure out where they wanted to go  musically, but what always made them different is that they never stayed in  one place for very long. The first 4 albums brought them from Zeppelin/Ayn  Rand through gothic to raw progressive; the next four took them from there  to more polished prog with all 3 of them playing multiple gadgets and  instruments at the same time; the next four took them through a more  keyboard oriented, emotionally enlighted period [much growth was shown over  this period alone. Listen to Neil say &quot;Keep on looking foreward, no  use in looking around&quot; in 1975, but in &quot;Time Stand Still&quot; in  1987, he says &quot;I'm not looking back, but I want to look around me  now&quot;].<br />With Presto, Rush began phase 4, and they did it in the  usual, brilliant Rush fashion. It took me awile to accept that this was,  actually, Rush playing songs like Available Light and War Paint, but as  time went on and I actually took time to listen to every track, note, and  word on the album, every one of them has become part of my soul. &quot;War  Paint&quot; is a brilliant artistic synopsis on the issue of the masks we  use around each other, &quot;The Pass&quot; almost begs the listener to see  a bigger picture in life, &quot;Scars&quot; celebrates the ability to feel,  &quot;Superconductor&quot; is a comical look at the bands antithises: the  flash-in-the-pan kid who becomes a megastar at 16 and a has-been at 19 (I  am personally of the opinion that Neil had The New Kids on the Block in  mind when he wrote this), the title track is a symphony reminiscent of  dreams, and &quot;Hand Over Fist&quot; appears to be Neils statement that  isolation is never preferable to experiencing life (listen to him say  &quot;I can't pretend a stranger is a long awaited friend&quot; in 1980s  Limelight, but in 1989s Hand Over Fist he says &quot;Take a walk outside  myself in some exotic land. Greet a passing stranger; feel the stregnth in  his hand; feel the world expand&quot;). Overall, I think the album is a  band making a statement that feeling, actually feeling, physically and  emotionally, is far preferable to simply being elevated or put on a  pedistal. And that it's preferable to know that one person loves you than  to pretend the whole world does .<br />Listen to Rush. They have more to say  than you could imagine. What makes then great is that they always find new  ways to say it. So let it be with Presto.
6305078491|3.0|This is a great film, one of the most spectral and haunting of all vampire movies.  Admittedly, the available prints have been spotty at best.  There was a restoration back in the late '60 that took the best footage from a  German print and an English language dub print.  Truly that effort did  justice to Rudolph Matte's imaginative photography.  Sadly, this is not  that print.  By far it's the worst transfer to DVD I've seen yet.  The  subtitles take up the lower half of the image, and they are gothic German  letters on a black masked background!  Who's guilty for that?  It's become  clear that old classics like this are getting rushed into release with  little regard for quality, so buyer beware.  With a hack job like this out  in the market it'll be a long time (if ever) till we see a beautifully  restored version of Carl Dreyer's masterpiece on DVD.  If you're looking  for quality check out Criterion's release of Dreyer's &quot;Passion of Joan  of Arc&quot;.  It's a model of what can be accomplished on the restoration  of an old film.  With Richard Einhorn's score &quot;The Passion of Joan of  Arc&quot; is as fresh and alive as any movie currently in theaters.
B000004286|5.0|I found the Braveheart CD very moving. I enjoy it more and more each time I play it.  I would like to buy the sheet music for The Secret Wedding but am unable to locate.  Can anyone help me?
B00000ILDF|4.0|The Alien series is probably my favorite series of all-time, and Aliens is one of my favorite movies. While Alien 3 does have a lot of good points, it has flaws too. It's a strange movie in that respect.<br />Best things first:  ATMOSPHERE. The brilliant David Fincher (see Seven and Fight Club, two of  my other favorites) creates a very chilling atmosphere. At times the sets  and atmosphere are the best of the entire series with this movie. It is  high-tech yet primitive in some respects, and things always seem to be wet.  Also, Sigourney Weaver is good as Ripley. There are a lot of very  suspenseful moments as well.<br />On to the flaws: first and foremost, the  alien itself. The nightmarish creature has been totally desecrated in this  movie, it looks terrible. I'm not sure how much faith I have in  computer-generated xenomorphs, although Alien Resurrection's aliens are  infinitely better. On the flip side of the coin, we don't actually see it  that much. And the scenes where it runs across the ceiling and we see what  it's seeing? Excellent. Also I was kind of sad at how abruptly Newt, Hicks,  and Bishop are chopped out of the story. I understand why it was done, but  it seemed unresolved, even after the parts involving Newt and  Bishop.<br />Another thing: the finale is superb. I won't say what happens as  not to spoil it, but it is very good and quite chilling. To close, Alien 3  is a pretty good movie and it really is worthy of the series. It's just not  as good as the others.
0385493800|4.0|This is the first novel I read from the author. English is not my native language, but I could feel author's satirical sense to many things people honored in this world. The author picks up a top hot topic in secular  world: money; a top professional in our society: lawyer. They secure at  least a success for a genre fiction. Most readers than also expect a  satisfactory ending: justice is totally done or a sort of &quot;happy  family&quot; ending. But author goes beyond the routine.  Its  &quot;surprising ending&quot; implies author's deeper thinking in a popular  work: for good (the majority goes to charity) and for bad ( those greedy  children and lawyers  got their money ), money should and could be not a  ultimate issue. The important thing is the peace of mind (in the case of  what Nate realized here is his moving by God and a higher kind of life). I  think this as more valuable aspect than a stereotype ending.    Certainly,  it adds the credits to the author in his seriousness and sincerity.
079073639X|2.0|This is really a pretty bad movie. Read the book instead, it's much better. The movie, unfortunately, never could have lived up to the book.<br />The movie is not terrible, it definitely has some good points. The  cast is excellent, perfect for the movie. There is one thing that really  stands out though, and makes it lose a lot of what it could have had - the  lack of special effects. Now, when I went to see this, I didn't go to see  just the special effects, I went to see a good movie. But for one like  this, FX are a big part  of it. You never even saw the giant squid! Plus,  they cut out what is probably the best part of the book (I won't say what  it is in case you read it).<br />Also, the ending is utterly confusing and  stupid. The book's ending made sense (to me at least, apparenly not to a  lot of people that reviewed the book). The movie's ending is very strange  and pointless - they didn't change it a lot, there's still the same end  result, but it's quite bad. Also note that they originally had a different  ending, which test audiences hated, so they changed it. Hmmmm . . .<br />My  advice in this case is read the book instead.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Carlos santana despite his roots and age still succeeds in shining through in this album but just so...While his work with alternative artists like DMB and Rob Thomas manage to make their impact,the ones with the like of  Lauryn Hill and Everlast leave much to be desired...His Latin and  Afro-Carribiean roots come across brilliantly in the track  'Africa..'
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens is, hands-down, the best sci-fi movie ever made. In my opinion at least. It has so much great stuff in it that it's hard to explain it all in a review - but I'll try.<br />First is the story itself. It is quite  plausible, and very good for a sci-fi story, setting up an excellent sequel  to the first movie. The characters are lovable and believable, from the  gruff Apone to the tough but lovable Hicks and Vasquez and the cowardly  Carter, and of course Ripley. She was nominated for best actress for this,  with good cause. Newt is excellent as well. Also the sets, and the movie's  style are fantastic (as in all the Alien movies). Another highlight is the  special effects - they still stand up today, and this movie came out in  1986. The aliens are very menacing and organic-looking.<br />This movie is  great all the way through. It is very suspenseful and exciting, but  definitely not at the cost of a good story, as is sometimes the case. The  ending is gripping and terrifying. Not only is Aliens a fantastic sci-fi  movie, it's a fantastic movie, period.
B000006ZL4|5.0|Symphony X is one of the best progressive metal bands around today.  Most fans consider this album to be the band's best.  The music is very diverse with many influences, from classical to metal and progressive rock, and at times they throw a bit of jazz into the mix.  The vocalist, Russel Allen, at times, sounds like Dio, but overall has a very  unique operatic voice.  In fact, I'd say that it's safe to say he has one of the greatest set of pipes in any genre today.  He'd yet to find his signature sound that he achieves on later albums, but due to the production value, he still sounds magnificent.  Michael Romeo, the band's shred-master is a standout among the band's standouts and most of the musical highlights include interaction between him and Mike Pinnella, the keyboardist.  They together achieve some complex though accoustically pleasing solos perfectly interwoven in a quilted and layered soundscape.  The drumming and bass playing are also excellently performed, and the mastering on this album is nothing short of perfect.  All of the drum pieces are expertly captured and mixed, which is needed in this music genre.  Every track on the album is a winner, though there are a few that deserve to be mentioned in detail.<br />\\"Of Sins and Shadows\\" - this track wonderfully starts off the album with a sonic onslaught that reminds me immediately of Pantera.  One of the heaviest songs on the album, it is also one of the best.<br />\\"Sea of Lies\\" - This and the following track, \\"Out of the Ashes\\" both serve up a vocal centerpiece ala Russel Allen.  These two tracks compliment each other perfectly and when placed after Of Sins, the trio provides one of the best opening sequences of metal ever heard.<br />\\"The Accolade\\" - The opening of this track alone is worth the price of the album.  It's a perfect blend of progressive and dark age folk music...something that has to be heard to know what I mean by that.  The lyrics are particularly good on this track, though, as mentionedby others, the vocal is not pulled to the front enough....Russel has a great set of pipes and he should be up front in a \\"ballad\\" such as this.<br />\\"Divine Wings of Tragedy\\" - This, the title track, times in at over 20 minutes, and could have been released as an EP on its own.  The numerous musical themes in this remind me of another progressive band, and despite its length, each section sounds like a new song so it's not so bad even for those less inclined to the progressive scene. <br />\\"Candlelight Fantasia\\" - The second \\"ballad\\"-like song on the album, this song reminds me a little of \\"Beethoven's Last Night\\" by Trans-Siberian Orchestra, though the music and singing are better here.  At times Romeo sounds a little like Van Halen.<br />If this review helps to convince you of Symphony X's genius then I've done my job, if not--keep reading the other 5-star reviews until you are convinced and buy this album today!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|A truly phenominal album, from a truly phenominal woman.  Her voice has a confidence to it that is impossible to describe, and the lyrics run circles around the instrumentals.  The stride of the syllabes, the curl of her  lips.  It's really amazing, this is the first perfect album I've ever  heard.
0679746048|5.0|A darkly comic, wonderfully written memoir. A girl    trapped in &quot;the loony bin&quot; with no escape. The docter who had her committed  tricks her in to signing herself in. I will tell you no more, you have to read it  for yourself.
B000000WHC|3.0|Well, I don't doubt that Gary Moore means well, and on the back of the late eighties blues revival this crossover effort certainly sold well, but, for all Moore's respectful hat tipping to his elders and betters, 'Still Got The Blues' sounds like an old seventies rocker who sure wishes he had the blues, but hasn't. ... But while Moore is a great guitar player, being a great blues musician is a whole lot more than that, and you can't just switch to it overnight. This is most obvious when he really cuts loose: you know you're listening to a top-flight, but unreconstructed, heavy rocker: large Marshall set to eleven - the blues it ain't. This isn't to say Moore can't be devastatingly soulful, but nothing here comes close to his beautiful single from the 1970s 'Parisienne Walkways'.
B00000IOSU|5.0|i thought that i will tire easily in listening to this album, coz its like a replica of Surfacing with little spices of live performance and old tracks......but i was wrong coz Sarah's voice has and i guess will always  have a strong hold on me,and maybe to other fans of Sarah, too. The  collections are superb, not to mention the enchanting piano and seemingly  distant guitar  sounds. the memorable tracks are I will remember you, and  Path of Thorns.  Its a must buy album.
B000002KJL|5.0|Dire Straits' self titled first album is one of that rarest of rock 'n' roll treasures: the flawless album. In each of Dire Strait's subsequent efforts - most of them still outstanding -Knopfler has let himself down:  'Communique' is too obviously an attempt to replicate this album; in  'Making Movies' he knackers great songs by not finishing them quickly  enough (as he does in 'Love Over Gold', which is half an album of genius  diluted over a whole record); and 'Brothers in Arms' and, to a greater  extent, 'On Every Street' suffer from a degree of over-production which  renders most of the material (though by no means all of it) pretty sterile.  This first album suffers none of this malaise. The songs are focussed,  pacey, and knopfler's custom strat growls and sings because it is played by  a gifted man with something to prove. His love for the roots of blues and  rock (hardly hip, in the middle of the punk explosion) is transparent -  witness the swampy National guitar slide in 'Water of Love' - and elsewhere  his unique fingerstyle pops, spits and sizzles like a wet finger on a hot  iron. This album predate's Knopfler's discovery the Les Paul, or anything  past number 6 on 'gain' knob on his amplifier, but his gently compressed  guitar sound is all you'll want to hear. At times it's just staggering. On  the other hand, this is no essay in fretboard exhibitionism. Knopfler's  obvious influences are, in terms of vocal style Dylan (or if you're unkind,  Oscar the Grouch) and in composition, J J Cale, and the instrumentation  doesn't derogate from that. The one possible duff shot is the oddly  highbrow lyric in 'In the Gallery' (the only example I'm aware of of the  high art/low art debate in aesthetics being canvassed in a pop song), but  Knopfler sounds so much like he means it - and the guitar breaks are so  bitching - that you can forgive him for that. And his argument is  convincing, too. The production is raw and honest, probably because the  album was recorded on a shoestring by a bunch of unknowns, and it's a feel  Knopfler would do well to go back to. 'Dire Straits' is timeless stuff.  Lovely Job, Mark.d on a shoestring by a bunch of unknowns, and it's a feel  Knopfler would do well to go back to. 'Dire Straits' is timeless stuff.  Lovely Job, Mark.
B000002KIE|4.0|Alas, there's too much mythology encircling this admittedly influential band.  However, I have a few things to say about this album.<br />#1:  It didn't invent anything.  Punk was already around, and the Pistols weren't  anything particularly revolutionary within the greater movement.  <br />#2:   However, I do give them credit for raising awareness about the punk  movement.  The Sex Pistols inspired people to build on punk and create some  great music.  They also helped pioneer the whole DIY image, despite being a  bit packaged themselves.  That's an added star right there.<br />#3:  The only  REALLY important part: The songs!  &quot;God Save the Queen&quot; and  &quot;Anarchy in the UK&quot; are both 5-star songs that deserve all the  praise anyone can give them.  They both drip with venom and crackle with  energy, with the energy to open up new possibilities while simultaneously  screaming &quot;No Future!&quot;  Simply, they're brilliant.  If the whole  album were of that quality, it would even deserve all of the hype!   However, it isn't.  Of the rest, there are about 2 very good songs, 2  decently good songs, 4 mediocre songs, and a couple pieces of trash.   That's half an album of middling to bad material!  Some  &quot;masterpiece!&quot;  Still, the good-to-great material outweighs the  bad in terms of the vibe the album gives you, and with the price, you can  think of it as an expensive EP.  Don't let the trash keep you from the good  stuff.<br />Definitely a must-buy, with some great songs, and an important buy  if you're interested in any form of punk, but not the flawless gem that it  has recently been portrayed as.  I hope you enjoy its highlights as much as  I do, and I hope you take a bit of time during each listen to think about  how incredibly revolutionary the phenomenon ended up being.
B00000016Q|1.0|While &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot; is great, the rest of the album is beneath Paul's talents and shows that even early on in his solo career, he badly needed an editor and strong willed producer to tell him when he  wasn't making the grade.  The other songs just aren't very strong and are  not performed well on top of that.  For example, &quot;Teddy Boy&quot;  sounds much better in the &quot;Let It Be&quot; outtakes that have  surfaced.  Sadly, this just is not acceptable as an album from a top flight  talent.
068484267X|4.0|A truly eye opening read.  Thoroughly absorbing as I now understand my other half &amp; his family better! (He was born &amp; raised in Ireland, now lives and works in UK) I'm glad he loves me lots as whilst reading the  book I felt a tad guilty being English!   Looking forward to 'Tis
B000001FDQ|5.0|Whoever has been wowed by the speed and precision of such great guitarists like Eddie Van Halen, Randy Rhoads, Joe Satriani, etc. and who has not heard Yngwie Malmsteen had better get this album.  Yngwie not only is a  master musician, but the compositions on this album are masterpieces.  It  almost sounds like Bach or Paganini if they had electric guitars.  No  amount of words can do this album justice so get it for yourself and listen  to the genius at work.
B00001MXWX|5.0|This Star Trek movie is one of the best. It reflects exactly what Star Trek and all that is based upon. The Prime Directive. It has good special effects, as well as humorous parts and action. If you are a Star Trek Fan,  you will like this movie.
0790731002|4.0|Listen here, Elizabeth from Bay Area California, Batman Returns was by no means a &quot;box-office failure&quot;. The budget for the movie was 80$ million dollars and it made 162$ million domestically. While that is not as  succesful as the first or third movies, a movie that doubles its own  production cost absolutley cannot be considered a flop, no matter how you  look at it. And by the way, making over 280$ million worldwide is hardly  miserable.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|Its about time !  This new Re-Mastered version of &quot;Strangers&quot; is a great showcase of a band in its prime - that had the songs and talent that nobody today comes close to. This CD and &quot;Unleashed in the  East&quot; are the 2 best Live Hard Rock CD's released !  Those of you  that are familiar with this album will enjoy the added bonus live tracks  (Creative editing gives the sense of a same evening show) and new banter  from the band between songs. UFO was never really appreciated in its day,  although they single-handedly invented Melodic Hard-Rock before anybody  else thought of the term.I would highly recommend this CD to anyone not  familiar with the band to get the best of their catalog. What are you  waiting for - Buy this CD !
B000023VR6|1.0|Everybody who keeps talking about &quot;this CD is an excellent follow up&quot; to &quot;The Chronic&quot; and &quot;Dre is back&quot; needs to shut up with all that bull cuzz this CD sucks. This CD sounds like a weak  compilation or soundtrack, not an album. To tell you the truth, I'd rather  listen to some East Coast and Dirty South stuff like DMX, Eve, Juvenile,  Lil' Wayne, or Hot Boys, not Dre and his West Coast buddies. This CD is all  hype and bull! Plus, the &quot;Forget About Dre&quot; is the worst attempt  at his conforming to Hip-Hop's status quo of bounce Hip-Hop! While Eminem  is cool, Dre's Eminem-penned flow is all offbeat and pretentious. This CD  sucks! FFF-
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Recently i bought Ghostbusters and belive it is one of the best DVD's in my collection along with The MAtrix and Saving Private Ryan
B00000JCB2|5.0|This album is phat!  Everything is from the &quot;just like this&quot;, to &quot;a lesson learned.  My favorites are don't go off wandering, nookie, 9 teen 90 nine, and break stuff. But they're all good. The interludes,intros,  and outros add even more to this CD(i like the billygoat one)!     Long  time limp fans will enjoy it VERY much, and even new limp fans will.  This  CD is filled with the rockin' beats of limp bizkit!
6305603847|5.0|there are things in life that no matter what, u'll get the &quot;goose skin&quot;, over and over again. one of this things is Pink Floyd, i have seen the wall more than 100 times on VHS since i was 16 years old. i m 28  years old today, and the DVD experience is even better than the first time  ! <br />i hope pink floyd are working these days on the &quot;Pulse&quot; to  be released on DVD :-)
6300251616|1.0|This movie is terrible. The plot is less of a story and more of an excuse! The mind numbing ridiculousness of the &quot;effects&quot; (the are colored lights which are portrayed as aliens) and the poor, muffled sound quality  make this movie the poorest I've ever seen. The only reason why it gets one  star is the conversation with the bomb at the end, which even i must admit,  was funny.
B00000JZC4|5.0|This is one of the best records I have ever listened to.  Its one of the first albums I actually listened to as a whole, without skipping tracks or having one or two favorite songs.  I feel its one of the most undermined  and underrated albums of 1999.
6303014100|2.0|I'm afraid I'm not as enamored of this film as were many other reviewers posting here. There were too many wildly incongrous factors, some of them directly reflecting Ted Turner's politically correct agenda.<br />In the  opening sequence, for example, we see a Confederate sentry that must weigh  300 pounds if he's an ounce. C'mon. There was no such thing as a fat  Confederate infantryman. YOU try marching hundreds of miles over the course  of two years of warfare, fighting, eating wormy bacon and green corn, and  see how much weight YOU keep on. <br />The two characters sitting under a tree  just as the battle was beginning to unfold, discussing the human condition,  I found a bit hard to swallow. And an Irishman talking about tolerance for  other races or cultures? Gimme a break. More of Turner's ultra-liberal  b.s.<br />As far as the art of movie-making went, I had a real problem with  the casting of Martin Sheen as Robert E. Lee. Sheen came across more like  the Ernest T. Bass character on the old &quot;Andy Griffith Show&quot; than  he did the elegant, stately Lee. What a miserable piece of casting.<br />And  the music. If somebody got up and walked across the room, the music SWELLED  and SWELLED and roared like it was the second coming of Christ. Whatever  happened to good, old-fashioned movie-making techniques (please see the  action movies of Errol Flynn or Tyrone Power.)<br />The two stars I give this  film are based solely on the scope and sense of reality conveyed in the  scene dealing with Pickett's charge, and that of Chamberlain's heroic  stand.<br />Wanna know about Gettysburg? Get out of your chair and GO there.  Don't watch this movie.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Tengo todos los discos de Santana a pesar de no ser tan vieja.  &quot;Supernatural&quot; me dej loca y sin idea de que todava Santana demuestra lo sexy y divino que es.  Carlos logra entrar en todo los campos  de la msica destacando su talentoso ritmo y estilo.
6305311463|4.0|What is all these peoples problem with this movie. OK, it's not a great piece of cinema. It's daft, unbelievable, completely over the top, and far too ridiculously &quot;Yeah! Go America!&quot; that you cannot take this  film seriously. But all these people reviewing seem to. Why? It's just  brain dead fun.<br />The idea is, watch it, don't think and just go &quot;cool  special effects&quot;. I mean, how can you take a film seriously which has  the line &quot;He's got space dementia&quot;. Sort it out and see the funny  side of movies like this. Al pizzazz, no brain, but fun!<br />Oh, and why has  no-one else mentioned the brilliance of Steve Buscemi in this.
034538072X|5.0|being a fan of weir in the first place, this book must be one of her best yet.  details and well thought out emotions from letters and scripts allow weir to portray henry and his wives as being rather humanistic.  this is  one i will read again and again.
B000001F3C|5.0|Often overshadowed by the Joshua Tree (as most of their albums are), War is a superb, well-rounded album and represents the best of the band's early work.  The obvious standouts are &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot; which is  about the Bloody Sunday massacre of 1972 and really the Irish troubles in  general, and the hit single, &quot;New Years Day&quot;.  The rest of the  songs support these two very well, maintaining the Edge's lacerating  guitar, Bono's heartfelt vocals, and thoughtful lyrics.  The &quot;best of  the rest&quot; include &quot;Seconds&quot;, &quot;Like a Song&quot; and  &quot;Surrender&quot;.  If you are a fan of U2, this is an absolute  must-have, but if you're just discovering them, this is a great album to  start with.
B00000ICLV|4.0|War Child is an album that becomes more interesting as the years go on.  Jethro Tull was at the end of a dizzying three-year climb to the very top of the progressive rock world -- in a day when progressive rock was just  about the only game in town.  They were a band in huge demand, having  issued four consecutive #1 albums (one a compilation double album) in those  three years.  They toured incessantly, and were widely known for putting on  just about the best live show in existence at the time.  The band had to be  worn down to a frazzle, in dire need of a break, when along comes the time  to produce yet another album.  <br />War Child, to employ a term often used  about the great J.S. Bach, is to quite a large extent an album of  &quot;borrowed&quot; work.  (For those uninitiated in classical music, he  wrote what you know of as &quot;Bouree&quot;).  Probably having neither the  time or energy to produce another album of the magnitude (and length) of  those they created in 1971-1973, the band &quot;borrowed&quot; a lot of  music and ideas from previous recording sessions (notably the Chateau  D'isaster and Aqualung sessions), reworking and adding significantly to  pieces of music begun and discarded during the prior three years.  And once  they also &quot;borrowed&quot; more-than-a-little from the scherzo in  Beethoven's Ninth (The Third Hoorah).  What they ended up with was a  &quot;miniature&quot; album, which was not at all what the fans of the day  wanted to see but which has worn incredibly well over the years -- to the  point that what now stands out in this &quot;little&quot; album is simply  how much fun it is to listen to.<br />While there are a few meaty servings  (Back-Door Angels and the magnificent, acoustic Skating Away...), for the  most part this album is light fare.  And while War Child isn't as heavy or  challenging as their previous efforts, neither does it overstay it's  welcome or over-play it's hand.  It really doesn't try to be anything other  than a good time.<br />The opening title track is a great case in point.   Highlighted by some very funky, yet very brief, saxophone solos, War Child  contains the seeds of what could have been a much larger and more complex  song.  Lengthen the sax interludes and you could end up with a &quot;Farm  on the Freeway.&quot;  At the same time, because it is kept short and to  the point the song remains fresh 25 years later.  Sometimes less works  better.  <br />The burlesque tone of the album is enhanced by the choice of  instrumentation, the heavy use of accordion and alto saxophone.  Even Ian  Anderson's sumptuous lead vocals have a mocking, chantey character as he  tells us tales that might be serious, if it weren't for all those babes,  those strange animals, and all that liquor.  Where we end up is with the  song that was going to be the ending song on the Aqualung album (Lick Your  Fingers Clean), only slightly reworked here to become &quot;Two  Fingers.&quot;  You can even hear the allusion to &quot;Locomotive  Breath&quot; in the lyrics -- the song which would have otherwise preceded  this one, had &quot;Wind Up&quot; not showed up to take its place.  The  mocking satire of &quot;Two Fingers&quot; perhaps serves more effectively  as an ending to this album -- which is chock-full of just exactly that sort  of farce.<br />Tull would soon enough take on weightier and more serious  projects.  &quot;Minstrel in the Gallery&quot;, the next album, would be a  raw, acerbic and autobiographical masterpiece.  But for as much of an  important masterwork as that later album is, the lighter, humbler, humorous  War Child is a more pleasant listen these days.
B000009DUY|5.0|I love this CD. Just listening to certain tracks brings back images from the movie. One of John Williams best. As good as the starwars soundtracks, and that's saying alot.
B00002R0MC|5.0|I paid $ plus tax for this at the store yesterday. And it is worth every penny. The price here says buy 2, and give someone the gift of Rastafari enlightment. There is no question Bob was sent by Jah himself, Prophets like him have walked the Earth before but Robert Nesta Marley is a  tuff act to follow. If your already a fan click on the &quot;Buy Now&quot;  button. If your not Buy &quot;Babylon By Bus&quot; AND this album.
6304711921|5.0|If you are a fan of Danny Elfman, or Tim Burtin, you need to see this film. As a child, I looked forward to those now clasic animated christmas movies from the 50's and 60's, but I always thought they were a little too  inocent. Nightmare Before Christmas is any childs fantasy brought to life,  as well as an homage to those great films. Frame after frame, Burtin paints  a wonderfully macabre landscape with characters who are spooky as they are  lovable. Add the unforgettable music and songs of Danny Elfman, and you  have a film that will never grow old. Do yourself a favor, add this one to  your collection.
0671027344|5.0|Since buying the book the month it came out, I have read it three times, and I'm sure that I will probably read it that many more in the next couple of years.  Never have I connected with a book so much as I did with this one.  For those of us who have read it and understand what it means to feel  infinate, this book does just that.  Every adolescent topic is addressed in  this book making it a must read for any person who works with youths or for  anyone who loves watching people but trips over their tongue when they have  to talk with them.  I have suggested this book to all of my friends and  professors, and all that have read have agreed, &quot;The Perks of Being a  Wallflowera&quot; is the definitive book on being young.
6302787300|4.0|1492 Conquest of Paradise is a movie with great cinematography, and is filled with great material.  It is a great portrayel of Columbus and his accomplishments, although it is not completely accurate.  Some of the parts  are hard to understand because Columbus has a pretty bad accent, but it  does not affect the quality of the movie much.  The movie is also a little  to long, but not boring.  The movie gives a great view of Columbus, and I  recomend it highly.
B0000029DD|5.0|When I was 19 I met my first love.  He took me body and soul to amazing new places. He also broke my heart.  Jeff Buckley does the same in this album.  It's passionate, seductive, soulful, sexual, erotic, emotional--and  heart-breaking.  I first heard this CD just a short time ago (though I was  aware of it, because of Tim Buckley, for a number of years).  I have listed  to it every day ever since and have not tired (nor will I ever tire)of it.   I came to this web site looking for confirmation of my assessment of its  musical quality and emotional impact.  As all (save one) of these review  attest--this is a not-to-be-missed musical experience.
B00003A9QI|5.0|I have seen this film no less than 4 times since it has come out at the end of December. I simply had to have this soundtrack as it has some of the most beautiful music ever played. You could never tire of hearing this over  and over again. Different parts remind you of different scenes of the film.  Absolutely Stunning!
0876855575|4.0|This book is pretty cool, its an account of Bukowkski's childhood and school years, and while there are interesting little experiences along the way, i didn't find it all that enthralling.  You'll read it anyway, because  you like Bukowksi, but if you are just starting out with him, try one of  his other novels, like Post office or Women so you can get a full  appreciation of it.  I don't know i think this book is good after you've  got an overall picture of who the writer is, rather than going in head  first without knowing.
B00000099Y|5.0|As for Undertow, this record is ahead of its time and could be the world's soundrack for the next decade. I can't wait for the Tool to give me a lift to the music of the year 2020 with their next one...
B000003TA4|2.0|I will be the first to say, yes, I don't get it.  I have listened to so many musical genres, i still don't see what the big deal with this is. IN UTERO was a fantastic album and really shows where the early nineties  should start. The overproductionalized songs on here are ok. I don;t see  what is so great and his lyrics are interesting. I am not one to get all ga  ga over many albums, but that's my story.
B000000993|5.0|Today this album may not sound so original, but keep in mind that it was released seven years ago. And that will become obsolete in seventy years. Tool just seem to be ahead of everybody else, like the guide that they are.
068484267X|5.0|I finally bought this book after much deliberation.  I really didn't think it would be that good but it was far better than I imagined it would be.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, I couldn't wait to get to the next page and the next  page.....  It made me laugh and cry!  The characters and environment were  described with such great detail without being boring or repetitive. I just  really loved this memoir and can't wait for the sequel!   Great job Mr.  McCourt!
B000000WA4|2.0|Well, like many other reviewers have said before me, the problem with this album is that it doesn't work as what it tries to be. You see, in order for a concept album to suceed, you got to enjoy the whole album, just like you  read a classic story or tale in its entirety. Unfortunately, MCIS is filled  of, well, filler. There are some good songs that could have been compressed  into a single album (Zero, Where boys fear to tread, Muzzle, Porcelina of  the vast oceans, Bodies, 1979, Thru the eyes of Ruby, Here is no why, By  starlight, Galapogos, Bullet with Butterfly wings...Well, there you go, 11  songs do make an album). There are some really bad songs that make you say:  &quot;What was Billy thinking?&quot;. An ode to no one just falls flat in  its display of attitude. Such is also Tales of a scorched earth(Someone  should tell Billy he's fronting SP, not NIN) and XYZ(although a great  rocker live). I always cringe when Billy says: &quot;And in the eyes of the  jackyl...&quot; well, you know the part. It is so over the top that it's  just embarrasing. Tonight, Tonight is not bad, but it's not that great  either. It was so overplayed that people overrated it. I think Disarm did a  better job as a delicate song. The last couple songs on the album (We only  come out at night, Beautiful and Lily) are very underdeveloped and don't  work as experiments. If you're new to the Pumpkins, I think that Siamese  Dream is the absolute way to start. Then Gish and the Lull E.P, and if you  just can't get enough, buy also Pisces Iscariot, which has some amazing  B-sides. MCIS and Adore are two very poor albums in the SP cannon, in my  opinion. It is really a shame, 'cause the good songs on MCIS are really  good. Just make a tape of these ones and sell the rest. May Billy your  Majesty soon be dethroned from that egomaniac pedestal!
B000003BF1|4.0|Nearly all of these songs are classics. Nice country &amp; blues flavor. The only ones I don't care for are &quot;You Got the Silver&quot; &amp; &quot;Monkey Man&quot;. The rest show why they're called &quot;the greatest  rock'n'roll band in the world.&quot;
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I have only a sentense to say to u:   JUST BUY IT!   :-
B00000JCB2|3.0|I am a fan of music, my tastes ranging from punk to rock to alternative.  <br />I'm sure that this cd is already at least quadruple-platinumum, basically fueled by MTV's Total Request Live, in which the Limp's songs  have gotten heavy playtime.  Now to look past the hype, and to review the  CD.<br />Intro (track one) was a good....intro (for lack of better words) to  the album, a cute, very dancible mix.  Nookie, NTtogether now, and  Re-arranged are very good songs.  Nookie is an excellent blend of hip-hop  and hardcore rock, with humorous lyrics and catchy riffs.  <br />Rearranged is  a plesant ballad, a refreshing change from the rest of the album, which  tells of a broken relationship.  <br />N2Gether features a cameo by Method Man  of the Wu-Tang Clan, this is my favorite song on the album, despite the  over-usage of the word F---.  Beyond these songs, however, is a wreck.  <br />Aside from the three songs I mentioned, the lyrics are some of the worst  I have ever heard, including laughably immature usage of cursing (although  most songs of the genre do) and poor storytelling.  No Sex (Track 12), I  think, was an attempt at a single, though the lyrics and unlistenabilty  make it get shot down hard.<br />All and all, I'm sure this album will fly off  the shelves and get tons of reviews saying LIMP BIZKIT RuLEZ! But, beyond  the three singles, is a mess of filler and profanity.  Limp Bizkit will  have to prove it to me.
079073804X|5.0|I saw this film as a young man and it still is one of the only movies that sends chills up my spine. This is true classic.
6302787300|4.0|I liked the movie Conquest of Paradise.  It gave a truthful and untainted view of Columbus.  The cinematography gives the movie depth.  I feel that unlike most Columbus movies this one does not lie about how heroic Columbus  was.  Though Columbus can be looked up to as a hero, this movie showed the  darker side of him not usually portrayed in many movies.  I did not like  the parts where there was extreme violence and though it did effect the  movie, I feel that it should not be as graphic.  I thought as a plus it was  very historically accurate especially the costuming and scenery
B0000399WI|5.0|There's a lot of things to say about The Shawshank Redemption. One is: It is simply the best movie ever made! Go see it!
B000002HH2|5.0|Post is simply Bjork's masterpiece. Both Rolling Stone and Spin magazines have acknowledged Post as one of the most influential and important albums of the 90's. (not sure which issues, but i know i read them). And besides  the fact that it won an MTV Europe Music Award, and was nominated for a  Grammy, just listen to the songs and you'll realize how ingenious Bjork  really is.
B000023VR6|5.0|Many times in buying a good cd, out of 20 something songs ususally only half of them are actually good.  This entire cd is VERY good.  The various artists used, beats, lyrical styles... all of these elements make this cd  worth while.  This is a must have!  I do encourage rap listeners from East  to West and the South to get this one.. it's the bomb baby!
6304078102|5.0|This is a wonderful movie higlighting the life of a music teacher and his trials through life! It shows how at first he was forced into teaching but in the end grew to love the position and the students! This movie also  exposes the tension that the administration poses on teachers! This movie  is truly wonderfull! It is my favorite and I would recomend it to anyone!
0805017305|5.0|The &quot;dynamically expanding&quot; genocide which Amazon praises while gushing about the indigenous population of &quot;their&quot; country sets the tone for the New York Times &amp; Washington Post's cloying  emotionalism. Urban neo-liberals should stop reading their own mental  instability into this great text, and just merit it by how many copies it  has sold.
B00002SWEM|5.0|One of the most touching movies/documentaries that I've ever seen. A must-see for anyone, even for people who've never experienced Cuban music or culture...
0446364495|4.0|For those who put in their review and said that this is a horrible or anything else meaning this is not a good book, I think they are not the person who ever experience one. This can happen to anybody in the world, so  come on.....be realistic. I think this is the most realistic book I have  ever read.
B00003003R|5.0|Wow! I was totally blown away by this album! Its absolutely brilliant. The sounds of the crowd and Axl and the band speaking automatically transport you there, you feel as if you're there with them as you sing your heart out  to your favourite GnR songs! This album is a must for any true fan, and  hopefully fans of the future. This is the sort of album that will show the  new generation of music lovers why we all love this band! Keep on  Rockin'!
B00000I950|4.0|this album in its on way, is historic.it's their first album recorded in their very own polar music studio and their first(and last) attempt at collaborating with people outside of the abba umbrella - tom dowd, who has worked with stalwarts like aretha franklin and rod stewart and latino funksters foxy.too bad this one was just limited to the title track. and while a lot has said that this is abba's flirtation with disco, tracks like i have a dream, angel eyes, the king has lost its crown and (the mediocre)does your mother know  are reminders of what abba was and still is: pop perfection
B000003N8R|5.0|I first heard a Coltrane recording in 1971 and have never stopped listening nor collecting his music. In his large, distinguished, and influential discography, &quot;Crescent,&quot; in my mind, stands out as  his most completely satisfying recording.<br />Critics and listeners who focus  exclusively on Trane's famous &quot;sheets of sound&quot; approach, his  forays into long, modal improvisations, such as on &quot;Chasin' the  Trane&quot; and the volcanic fury of his late work do him a disservice. He  was and remains one of jazz's most lyrical players and  &quot;Crescent,&quot; originally released in 1964, displays that lyricism  in its most lovely and passionate forms.<br />The beautiful melodicism is  displayed most affectingly on &quot;Wise One&quot; and on &quot;Lonnie's  Lament.&quot; The title cut contains a tour-de-force solo that shows just  how much drama a master player can achieve in the space of four or five  minutes of improvisation. &quot;Bessie's Blues&quot; is an exciting  straight-ahead attack, and the &quot;Drum Thing&quot; showcases Elvin  Jones' great talent and connection with Trane's music.<br />Seldom do albums  achieve such coherency of form, and the credit for this goes not only to  Trane (who composed all the tunes), but to the rest of the great quartet.  McCoy Tyner has a wonderful shimmering solo on &quot;Wise One,&quot; and  Jimmy Garrison contributes a fine bass statement on &quot;Lonnie's  Lament.&quot;<br />Great choice for the listener who is interested in  exploring Coltrane's career or for the jazz fan who is search of 40 minutes  of unadulterated pleasure.
6302720419|5.0|we all have different tastes in movies.i think this is an awesome movie.it should scare adults out of there wits!The adults (peter horton&lt;&lt;i think thats his name and linda hamilton)play a great couple.The children  are great. The main children are Isaac,Malachi,Joby,Sarah,Rachel and  Amos(amos is mentoned and rachel is in the 6th)John Franklin plays an  excellent Isaac on this 1 and on COTC666. Basically this movie is about a  couple who run into a group of savage children who worship their god He Who  Walks Behind The Rows.There is blood. A few curses but no sex or nudity.If  your a horror fanatic (and an adult) I suggest you try this one out. If you  like it, you should go straight to the 6th one cuz the others aren't that  great. They r ok but not as good as this and the 6th.I think Isaac (or John  Franklin)steals the show with great acting.The 2nd,3rd,4th and 5th have  nothing to do with Isaac.The worse 1 i have to say is the 4th. I don't  think they mention He Who Walks Behind The Rows.Try this one out unless  your scared! Happy Harvesting!
0684874350|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book; the writing, the wit. No other book made me laugh and weep like this one has. I found the story of Frank McCourt's childhood experiences in Ireland to be uplifting, and not depressing as  others have mentioned. This book should be required reading for both  parents and young people of appropriate age, as it could make you a better  guardian in the former and more appreciative of a modern society in the  latter. This book illustrates how resilient children can be given little  hope or soap, and live to tell us. This book is nothing less than the  triumph of the human spirit.
B000002JPA|5.0|This is simply the best progressive-metal album of all times! I have a 5000 CD Collection and this is one of my Top 5. If you don't know this music style I'll try to sum it in few words. Try to mix Rush, Emerson Lake  and Palmer, Yes, Genesis with Metallica, Iron Maiden, Queensryche and add a  little bit of Jazz Fusion and you'll get one the most exciting music styles  of all. If you add to this a band formed by instrument masters you'll get  Dream Theater. Mike Portnoy(drums) is Neal Peart(Rush) with extra vitality,  John Petrucci(guitars) has a Steve Vai/Joe Satriani style, John Myung(bass)  is an oriental Bill Sheehan(listen to Metropolis and you'll see what I  mean), Kevin Moore(keys) is a well known musician former from Fates Warning  and James LaBrie(Vocals) is a great singer with a Classic Style. If you mix  all these factors and add to this that &lt;Images and Words&gt; is their  best album, you'll get hours and hours of great music and virtuosity. BUY  IT NOW!
B000002L6P|5.0|While The Immaculate Collection is arguably the best overall Madonna (all her greatest hits), you still miss some really nice songs, like Angel, Shoo-Bee-Doo, and Dress You Up, which are totally essential to your Madonna  collection. Of course, you can still have your Material Girl and Like A  Virgin - the most memorable Madonna songs on the face of the earth! Also,  make sure if you haven't that you see her Vogue music video - it is  honestly sooo amazing and fabulous!  This cd is one of her best from the  earlier years - don't skip this one.
6303972810|5.0|This one of my all time favorite movies.  If anyone has a copy and would like to sell it please send me an email.  I cannot find this movie anywhere.  A definite must see.
B000006MS3|3.0|This was the recording that introduced me to Kate. It totallty confounded me at first, but with repeated listening, hooked me with &quot;Night Of The Swallow&quot; and &quot;All The Love&quot;. This was her first outing as  her own producer and she went a bit overboard here. &quot;Lionheart&quot;  and &quot;Never Forever&quot; are the best examples of her early work. This  is the confusing link between those and 2 later gems. &quot;Hounds Of  Love&quot; and &quot;The Sensual World&quot;.
B000031WD9|5.0|I thought the movie was great in the threatre and it's super at home. The only annoying, thing and I wish I knew this before I wasted the extra ten bucks. Is that the unrated version, is almost exactly like the standard  version. You would have to watch the two side by side to see the  differences.
B000020617|5.0|This CD is awesome! &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; is pure adrenaline... the lyrics throughout the CD are great! The bonus enhanced feature it also very cool! It has the video for &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;, which is hilarious!  This CD is definitely worth a buy... also check out Third Eye Blind's new  album, BLUE, it's another great alt-rock CD.
0553573403|4.0|george rr martin is a great writer I really enjoy this series and am eagerly awaiting the next instalment from him he is a master of fantasy writing
B00000J7J4|4.0|As a guitar player for over 30 years it's great to hear Santana play with the fire he has always had.  If you love great playing this is a must for your collection.  I've got a gig this weekend and you can bet we'll be  playing &quot;smoooth&quot; and probably closing with &quot;black magic  woman&quot;.
0385484518|5.0|This was a touching book that I read cover-to-cover.  It is not a mushy story, but tears came to my eyes occassionally, because everyone will recognize the truth in Morrie's knowledge.  Hopefully, everyone who reads  it will take the words to heart and learn to live before they have to learn  to die.
0446525537|5.0|A Walk to Remember is truly that.  I have read Notebook and Message In A Bottle and loved both, but I believe Nicholas Sparks has surpassed those with this new book.  Was first interested in reading the book because of  living in NC and loving prior books; however, once you start reading, it is  very hard to put down.  Covering the thoughts and desires of a high school  boy coming of age and finding true love and questioning God and his  relationship with Him.  I was in tears by the time I finished reading.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have this CD in my car and I love to turn it up so I can really hear her beautiful voice.  The version of &quot;Angel&quot; (from the movie &quot;City of Angels&quot;) is only the piano and her voice - it's awesome!
0792839730|5.0|Cornelius Ryan's nonfiction saga is masterfully told in the film adaptation.  MARKET GARDEN, hoped to be one of the death blows to the German Reich, was daring and ambitious, but failed to bounce the Rhine and  bring the war to conclusion.  Locations in the Netherlands included the  actual Nijmegen Bridge, drop zones outside of Oosterbeek (which is next to  Arnhem), the Deventer Bridge closely doubling as the bridge at Arnhem, and  many scenes filmed at the Dutch Infantry training center at nearby  Harskamp.  Producer Joseph E. Levine and Director Richard Attenborough drew  equipment from numerous nations, including quite a few museum relics, to  create this film.  What they did not have, special effects and props  departments created in order to create a realistic and mostly historically  accurate rendition of this September 1944 battle in Holland.  Where the  film deviates from the book is that the movie tends to paint the Allied  planners as blind to the possible flaws in the operation and German Field  Marshal Model is portrayed as a cowardly fool.  In reality, Model's  immediate actions, though based on incorrect assumptions, greatly  contributed to the containment of the Airhead north of the Neder Rijn.  A  BRIDGE TO FAR ranks highly with films like THE LONGEST DAY and SAVING  PRIVATE RYAN in terms of intensity and historical accuracy.
B000001FS3|3.0|When I bought the Joshua Tree right after its release, I recall being stunned by the power and glory of Still Havent Found or With Or Without You.  But listening to it 11 years later, I find that it sounds cliched,  overwrought.  It possesses neither the eternal anger of War nor the  soul-ripping angst of Achtung Baby.  I fear that TJT is destined to be a  relic of the 80s -- to be listend to by aging second-wave boomers like me  while leafing through &quot;The Clothes Have No Emperor&quot; (a sardonic  day by day recap of the Reagan Era).
6305657939|5.0|Stylish and slick. I loved it! Although nobody is going to find this &quot;useful,&quot; I just wanted to voice my opinion! Excellent!
B00000K0DT|4.0|Any movie that builds itself entirely around a single clever plot twist can only be so good in my eyes, but the Usual Suspects is one of the best of that kind of movie, primarily due to an engaging cast (who are  admittedly a bit awkward together on the start-up), some suspenseful  direction, and an unusual and provocative atmosphere. The type of film that  will put some viewers to sleep while the person in the next chair will feel  certain it is the most brilliant movie they've ever seen. For me  personally, the Usual Suspects isn't worthy of either extreme end of the  spectrum, negative or positive, but on the whole it is engaging and worth  watching.
B000002VDW|5.0|All songs writtem by Al Stewart.  Great story teller.  Produced by Alan Parson. Excellent choice.
B000002U9L|5.0|I saw Labyrinth for the first time when I was about 9, and now my friends and I try to watch it every time we have a party. The songs as recorded on this CD are, possibly, even better than they are in the movie. (Yes, a few  of them are slightly different, using a few lines not used in the movie. I  consider it an improvement on something that was already pretty close to  perfect.) I've been listening to this CD nonstop since I got it. To sum it  up: Wow.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is the greatest band ever. The vocals by corey are amazing and mick the gutair player is the best. This is the music of the new millenium because it is hardcore music with tight lyrics. You have to by this cd.
B0000089A1|5.0|With the release of Lola vs. Powerman and the Moneygoround in 1970, the Kinks had its highest charting album (#35) since its Greatest Hits album four years earlier!  The album also yielded the Kinks' first U.S. top 10  single since 1965's &quot;All Day and All of the Night.&quot;<br />And what a  single!  &quot;Lola,&quot; Ray Davies'song about a young man and his love  of ambiguous gender (&quot;...I'm glad I'm a man and so is Lola&quot;)  peaked on No. 9.  &quot;Apeman,&quot; Ray's look at how man has screwed up  the planet, reached the top ten in the U.K., but would do no better than  No. 45 in the U.S.  [In fact, the Kinks' U.S. audience would return them to  the Top 40 singles chart only two more times in the next 30  years--&quot;Rock'N'Roll Fantasy&quot; in 1978 and &quot;Come Dancin&quot;  in 1983.]<br />And that's a shame, because this is a wonderful Kinks album.  The album essentially is a song-cycle about the making of a hit record and  the pitfalls of the music business.  It leads off with &quot;The  Contender,&quot; which begins with a folky guitar and banjo intro behind  Ray's vocal (foreshadowing the bulk of material that would make up Muswell  Hillbillies) before breaking into a rollicking, hard-driving  song.<br />Brother Dave Davies also turns in a couple strong tracks:  the  contemplative &quot;Strangers&quot; and the angry &quot;Rats.&quot;<br />This  was the final release in the Castle reissue series of the Kinks catalog.  Unlike the previous reissues, the bonus tracks are fewer (three of the  other reissues had 10 or more bonus tracks) and none of them are previously  unreleased.  What you do get is the &quot;cherry cola&quot; version of  &quot;Lola,&quot; and demos of &quot;Apeman&quot; and  &quot;Powerman.&quot;<br />Of the second wave of British Invasion bands, the  Kinks are rivalled only by The Who. This is a must-have addition to any  serious Kinks fan collection.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  A classic teen comedy.
0783225970|5.0|The chainsaw scence has got to be one of the nastiest scenes I have seen in a movie. Al Pacino comes accross excellently as Tony Montana, and Michelle Pfieffer deserves to have an oscar for her performance. This movie  also reaches high for the number of times the characters say  &quot;fock&quot;, yu know what i mean if youve seen this already, if you  havent, go buy it immediately!
B000002HJD|5.0|yes, he is and the other band members to. if you have ever listend to poet or song  and you liked it you're dammed for a live time because it stays with you so i'll say buy the books or download the poet's from the  net.<br />and when you are listening to his songs and you're reading his poems  you will feel great, for me it's olmost 30 year's. and don't want to give  it up. i can say it's enjoying, and almost all other record from the doors  or jim morrison are great.
B0000214F0|5.0|A great movie, this is a portrayal of Roman life at the time, not something which was invented to offend the Bible bashers. If people dont like sex in movies there is a simple solution - dont watch it, watch Barney  the Purple Dinosaur instead or something. Enjoy
B000002IZM|5.0|I remember the night I found this gem in a cd shop; My soul and c.d. collecting appetite jumped for JOY ! Like any other Vangelis fan who waited for years until the smoke cleared between artist and industry (still a big  rumour) I was elated with both the original tracks and the bonus tracks. On  the originals, Opening Title, Memories of Green, Bladerunner Blues, One  More Kiss, and End Titles,are all in superb form. With the bonuses,  Rachel's Song and Wait For Me are exceptionally ethereal and breathtaking.  Wait For Me is one of my all time favorite tracks for it's haunting yet  seductive melody, slow pace, and soft movie dialogue exchange between Rick  Deckard and the replicant Rachel ! Some of the tracks perfectly segue or  fade into one another without botching the soundtrack thematic continuity.  True, it is not the complete soundtrack as heard on the film , but still  just as captivating. It's great for headphone listening. I'm also glad that  the majority of previous reviewers also enjoyed this long awaited Vangelis  soundtrack and gave it high marks ! Only wonder if Vangelis will release  two of his other highly sought after soundtrack masterpieces from die-hard  fans: The Bounty (Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins) and Bittermoon (Hugh  Grant, Peter Coyote and Emmanuelle Seigner) !
1573226521|4.0|This book is unbelievable! I loved it from page one, but when you get to about 300 you will realize just how talented this author is.  By far and away the best book I have read in a long time.  Enjoy.
0345404475|5.0|This is a great little book.  If your a fan of Blade Runner, you may or may not like the book. In my opinion the movie does not do justice to this book. Now a little more about the book. A New York time reviewer said, 'PKD  is a kind of pulp-fiction prophet'.  This statement is no hyperbole; anyone  who enjoys Kafka and like scifi must read this.
B000002JBG|4.0|This is the best soundtrack I own(considering I only have 2,the other one is Titanic). It's for fans of pop/rock, r&amp;b, and rap alike. About the highlights: 1. &quot;Fly Like an Eagle&quot;- Beautiful, inspirational,and  uplifting. 4. &quot;I Believe I can Fly&quot;- Good for anyone going thru  hard times. 3. &quot;Space Jam&quot;- It made me want to dance,which was  unfortunate because I don't do that very well. 7. &quot;For You I  Will&quot;- A melodic, but overplayed ballad. 8. &quot;Upside Down&quot;- A  remake of the Diana Ross hit. Music to reminisce about your crushes to. 9.  &quot;Givin' U All That I've Got&quot;- Slammin' beat, although I didn't  always understand what Robin S. was singing. 10. &quot;Basketball  Jones&quot;- Hilarious and written by none other than Cheech and Chong. 13.  &quot;That's the Way&quot;- Another cover, this time of KC &amp; the  Sunshine Band. It's funky.   The other songs were too hip-hop. Contrary to  what another reviewer said, this CD had just the right amount of singing(he  or she must be a rap fan). &quot;I Turn to You&quot; is alright(now,it's  also a Christina Aguilera song). &quot;Buggin'&quot; was OK, but eventually  it gets annoying. &quot;Space Jam&quot; has more good songs than most CD's.  Buy it,everybody!
6302725534|5.0|I cannot imagine how someone could hate this movie. Until now I have seen 79 musicals and would pronounce ANNIE as the best one! If somebody complains about Aileen`s appearance they should reconsidder that Aileen was  just a child herself and had to act, sing and dance. Do you know what that  means for a child?  She had school beside that. I think the producers had  their reasons for selecting her from thousands of girls. I think ANNIE is a  master piece and Aileen did herwork as the leading role more than good. I  have watched the movie almost 10 times now and cannot see any faults.  People keep comparing the movie with the stage musical and are saying the  movie left out so many nice songs, well, they should think about the length  of a movie and of a stage musical. It is easier to turn off the TV than  walking out a theatre. Therefor a movie has to be shorter, which means it  has to cutt out songs. I think that all the staff did great work and that a  masterpiece like that will not come in the nearer future! Whatch the movie  again and then comment!  You will find what a great movie Annie really  is!
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher proves that she still is a major musical force into the new millennium.  With BELIEVE, she crossed into Dance music, but in a way that brought long-time fans along while introducing her style and vocal talents  to a whole new generation of music fans.  Best songs:  BELIEVE, ALL OR  NOTHING, STRONG ENOUGH, LOVE IS THE GROOVE<br />Two complaints:  only 10 songs  on CD, and &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; is simply a remix with the same  vocals she used when she recorded it in the 80's.<br />A must for any true  music fan.
0380018179|5.0|I had to read this book for an English assignment in school, and I have to say, this is an excellent book. Once I started I couldn't stop. One of my all time favorites. I don't really have alot of books to recommend to  people but this one is the one that I will tell friends about for a long  time!  Go and read it. It's EXCELLENT!
6305089957|5.0|A Killer Cast : Neve Campbell, Courrtney Cox, David Arquette, Liev Schrieber, Jerry O Connell, Jamie Kennedy, Laurie MetCalf, Elise Neal, Timothy Olyphant, Jada Pinkett, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Omar Epps, Rebecca  Gayheart, Portia De Rosi, Duane Martin, Tori Spelling, Luke Wilson, Heather  Graham. (PHEW! )<br />This movie is in some ways heaps better than SCREAM,  it was harder to tell who the killer was, everyone looked better, it wasn't  all about the &quot;Whats ur fave scary movie?&quot; bit and......oh well  its definitely equal with the 1st. Sidney, Gale and Dewey all return to  find a new copycat killer on the run. An excellent horror movie, one of my  favourites.
B000021Y77|5.0|This is fantastic! One of the best films I have seen in a long time. Wonderfully directed (great angles great colours), realistically acted (all the characters are so beliveable) and a brilliant and simple story. Suppose  you had 20 minutes to save your boyfriend, what would you do? And if it all  went wrong? The music is also brilliant (I have just bought the CD)! I  thought that I would be one of a few that liked it but look at all the  stars. So forget the subtitles and buy this DVD (and learn some German at  the same time)!
0792152328|5.0|This film deserves all it Awards. Kate Winslet is simply excellent and a beauty as Rose DewittBeckhater and of course the irresistable Leonardo DiCaprio as poor man Jack Dawson.. This flick had everything! Action,  tears, drama, laughs, romance. An unpredictable movie you'll want to watch  over and over again. A definite buy all movie-goers. <br />Co-Starring Billy  Zane, Frances Fisher, Danny Nucci, Suzy Amis, Bernard Hill Kathy Bates and  Bill Paxton.
B000021XS0|5.0|I have always been a fan of concept albums.  Even if the music is simple, there is a wonderful story to balance everything out(Fear factory's Obsolete is a good example).  Dream Theater have fashioned an amazing  musical sound and fuzed it with an amazing story.  This has to be DT's most  technical album to date.  With amazing and complex Guitar crescendos,  melodious bass lines(John Myung is probably one of the best bassists in the  World next to Les Claypool), technical time signatures put on by Mike  Portnoy, samples and Keyboards by Jordan Rudess(who also played on a Liquid  Tension disk), and wailing vocals by james Labrie.  I'm glad DT came to  their senses and kicked out Derek Sherinian. I always thought of him as  somewhat arrogant(not that that matters in the music business).  For other  good conecpt albums, check out Opeth's My Arms Your Hearse, and Still Life,  Pink Floyd's The Wall, Queensryche's Operation Mindcrime, and possibly fear  Factory's Obsolete(even though the music could be figured out by any  beginner).
0783216084|3.0|..........it definitely wasn't scary enough. The must admit the last 35 minutes of the film were suspenseful and scary, but I wouldn't call this a horror, you hardly see blood. I'm not saying this film is bad, I know alot  of people enjoyed it and gave it 5. And I enjoyed it, too. I wouldn't add  it to my WISH LIST or anything though. A good launch for Speilberg, too.  Well done!
B00000JPH6|5.0|This movie facinated me back when I was 6 and it still facinates me now that I am 22. I love this movie. The special effects were so good as well as the story line.
B000002L6U|5.0|&quot;Just like a Prisoner&quot; alone makes this album a must have for any guitar lover.
0385484518|5.0|I finally purchasing the audio version of the book on a whim. I feel lucky for listening to the audio version instead of reading the book. I heard from the author himself (Mitch) and  Morrie. I could hear in Mitchs' voice  what words could never portray. It amazed me how these men were so  honest  and candid about everything.I hope Mitch realizes that we are all not as  blessed as he was with such a teacher and friend.
B0000048V8|5.0|The first time I was able to view this film was with my son's preschool group.  The class was silent and all the children sat in awe of the magnificent journey of James and the Snowman.  Once the film was finished,  they  begged the teacher to play it again.  I have 7 children ranging in  age 14 months to 13 years, and they all love it as well.  The touching  music and beautiful animation make you feel like you are right there with  them on their journey.  It brought tears to my eyes when he wakes in the  morning to find his snowman gone, but the gift from his trip to visit Santa  is still in his pocket, giving him the sense that it wasn't a dream after  all.This film has something for everyone.Brilliant!
B0000399WI|5.0|The first time I saw this movie on TNT I said to myself, &quot;I must get this movie!&quot;  Now that I finally own it I am still captivated by the ending scenes!  Though I was caught off guard by the explicit language in  this film, it is definitley one of the greatest ever, behind only Saving  Private Ryan and The Matrix.
B00000I8BX|2.0|It seems to me that the once great Fear Factory has lot the plot.  Although they never were extreme Death Metal, even on &quot;Soul of a New Machine,&quot; this CD is weak.  If you want something that's really heavy,  try Living Sacrifice or Zao.
B00000K19E|5.0|With all the action and special effects, this movie blew me away on my dvd player.   If you get this movie, you need 5.1.  Especially with the lobby shooting spree scene.  I watched this movie everyday for a week!
068484267X|5.0|This book is a must - if there ever was a must! The tale of the author's childhood is simply told brilliantly.
1568959672|4.0|This thesis of a man in search of the meaning of life truly reflects the inadequacies of mankind even in this age when anything is possible. The only thing we can't do is to prevent dying. Everyone will go through it but  no one actually knows what it is like until it strikes you. This book gives  you a good insight into the thoughts of a dying man, of what a living man  should do before dying. Many of us, like the author, are caught up with the  paper chase,i.e. certificates, money, share options, title deeds etc. We  lose focus in life. We all are made to believe that material wealth results  in true happiness because EVERYONE thinks it's true, there's no reason to  believe otherwise. THe sad truth is that once we achieve the level of  material wealth we set out to obtain, we never believe that we have got  there. There is always that &quot;something more&quot; we need to get to  bring us a step nearer to happiness. MOre often than not, we do not find  happiness because we lose focus on the more importance ingredients that  make up happiness. Such as love.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Everyone that I have got to listen to this album has bought it, and you will too.  You don't have to be a metal or Tolkien fan but knowing the Silmarillion's story makes it all the more beautiful.  What strikes me the  most is their range of talents; Blind Guardian plays unforgettable melodies  and choruses, (even the 30 seconds of &quot;The Minstrel&quot;!)  and it  equally appeals to fans of hard rock (e.g. &quot;The Curse of Feanor&quot;)  &quot;The Eldar&quot; is just piano and vocals, and even it fits right in.   egardless of your background, I highly recommend it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I disagreed about the comments of Editor's review about this last work of Carlos Santana. This isn't two discs in one.This is a thousands of  rythms in one disc.Santana is one of the most complete musics i've hearded in my  life. This 'Supernatural',is this new kind of music that only few musicians  as Carlos,play so well!  This is the music of a new era,mixing rythms of  all the world.Santana goes from the latin,to rock'n roll;from salsa to  world music;from jazz to blues......All we must do is to reverence this  great man,and clap our hands,so loud!  One of the best cds of the  year,sensual,hot,full of intense energy,really 'GREAT WORK'!  All of  the tracks are '10',but i liked 'Smooth' &amp; 'Corazn Espinado'.......     Santana usted vive!
6303212263|5.0|People who consider this to be a &quot;children's movie&quot; probably a) never saw the movie, or b) saw it many years back when they were kids, and hence, could not fully appreciate the magnitude of the film's achievement.   <br />The biggest hurdle was to convince viewers that &quot;this is no  fantasy&quot;, as Marlon Brando states in the film's opening line. This  immersion is partly due to an ingenius screenplay, which essentially  portrays Superman as an orphan who discovers his destiny to be the Savior.   All the actors give brilliant performances, especially Reeve in his dual  role, Hackman (as Luthor), Kidder (as Lois Lane), and Glenn Ford (as Pa  Kent).<br />The prologue, although quite long, is not to be missed.  Blazing  credits are pitted against the backdrop of beautiful photography and a  glorious John Williams score. Keep the volume on high with stereo surround  speakers to fully enjoy the introduction and for the musical cues  throughout the movie as well. The special effects, by and large, are still  very impressive. None more so than the famous helicopter sequence, which is  perhaps the greatest rescue in cinematic history. The flying effects that  were done in-camera are also remarkable.  <br />My only criticism is that a  controversial plot development towards the very end of the movie injects a  dose of unnecessary science fiction, which contrasts the realism that is so  constant throughout.<br />Director Richard Donner met the challenge of making  us believers. The movie gives us a &quot;human&quot; superhero who we  really care about and admire. &quot;Superman&quot; has a timeless appeal  for all generations and age groups. <br />Also worth noting for those who  can't get enough of Reeve: a couple of very dramatic scenes surprisingly  did not make the editor's cut and can only be seen in the extended version,  which runs an extra 40 minutes. The film is set to be re-mastered for DVD  release sometime late in 2000. A 2003 theatrical re-releaseis being  considered for its 25th anniversary. Keep your fingers crossed.
1573226521|2.0|I so badly wanted to like this book, and I questioned myself after reading it, did I miss something? You take a plot, destined for suspense, twists, and page turning excitement, and what you get is a bunch of scattered,  haphazard events, that don't tie together, aren't interesting, and don't  lead to anything. I wasted good imagination trying to figure out the twist,  only to find there wasn't one, at least not one original. Never did I  suspect Garland was going to use a washed up, banal ending. A little  foreshadowing of tension amongst the group would have helped swallow the  lame, choppy, 3 page ending, so far fetched, completely lost from Garland's  prose. Some actual character development would have helped us believe these  people were one helping of stew off from insanity. Why waste over 400 pages  convincing readers that these boring, lazy, people are content living on  this beach, and then think we're actually going to believe, in the last  chapter of the book, that they are a bunch of mad savages?<br />One of the  most exciting parts of the book was when Richard was stuck in an air pocket  while swimming through the cave on his way to the boat for the rice run. I  couldn't wait to find out how he and Jed were going to get the rice back to  the beach knowing they'd have to swim back through the cave. Hmmm...  Garland skipped right over that. I guess he couldn't come up with an  explanation either...<br />And Mr. Duck?  He went from a haunting, bloody  nightmare, to Richard's bumbling guardian angel. Cheesy.... Duck's random  appearances were annoying and distracting.<br />Garland didn't keep Richard's  character clear as to whether he was the hero or the enemy. You want to  respect him for resisting Francoise out of loyalty to Etienne, for standing  by Jed when no one else did. But then you come to find out he's capable of  following through with inhumane acts with no conscience. The story has no  clear focus. Either keep with the dreamlike adventures on the DMZ, or  develop more convincing interpersonal relationships amongst the savage  hippies. With all the chaos in the end, it leaves you scratching your head  wondering how in the world they survived and got off the beach safely. So  ridiculous...<br />Unconvincing characters... neglected plot development...  unexplained happenings... a true disappointment.
0440133688|4.0|I read this book 18 years ago when I was a young intern.  In the first half the author brilliantly captures the physical side of human medicine where people are hard work and the body is a messy machine badly in need of  repair.  I still use many quotes from the book, such as, &quot;Show me a  [blank] who only triples my work and I will kiss [his/her] feet.&quot;     The darkness of the humor helped me realize joy in my work as I never felt  as bad on a day in my internship as the principal character seemed to feel  constantly.  Where the book failed me is half-way through where I realized  that the character/author doesn't perhaps get his own joke.  Humans are  dirty, messy, and often demented as patients; and doctors are often  misguided, clueless, and overwhelmed.  And this is who we are!  I love this  fact of our closeness to the base, rather than the idea of man as a  clean-bodied, god-fearing species, held apart from all others.  A  psychiatrist!   Who wants to be that, when we can be so happy as inmates of  the asylum?
0140131558|5.0|the moment that i escaped into this novel i was drug around by the tangled words and tantilizing tales... auster writes in a way that not many others can, he lets it flow out from his heart stright into yor eyes.  it is  wonderful, and inspiring.  this tale is even more twisted than other work i  have read by auster, he drives a lot of his work by the oddity of  coincidences.  at one moment in time i wanted it all to connect, and as if  he had dreamt that this moment would come into exsistence, and he prepared  for it.  he tricked you into believeing that it all would tie together,  then tricked you into thinking that it didn't.  and not until the end did  you figure out the reality of it all, and the character seemed to be just  as confused and scared as you.<br />the characters knew the reality of love,  they knew how it felt to hurt, they knew all of it.. they experienced the  pain that we all know too well... and they experienced while exposed in  front of your viewing eyes.<br />this one kept me captivated from beginning to  end.
0767812387|5.0|This love story was fabulous, and the dancing scenes were amazing to watch. Highly Recommended!
0140131558|5.0|the moment that i escaped into this novel i was drug around by the tangled words and tantilizing tales... auster writes in a way that not many others can, he lets it flow out from his heart stright into yor eyes.  it is  wonderful, and inspiring.  this tale is even more twisted than other work i  have read by auster, he drives a lot of his work by the oddity of  coincidences.  at one moment in time i wanted it all to connect, and as if  he had dreamt that this moment would come into exsistence, and he prepared  for it.  he tricked you into believeing that it all would tie together,  then tricked you into thinking that it didn't.  and not until the end did  you figure out the reality of it all, and the character seemed to be just  as confused and scared as you.<br />the characters knew the reality of love,  they knew how it felt to hurt, they knew all of it.. they experienced the  pain that we all know too well... and they experienced while exposed in  front of your viewing eyes.<br />this one kept me captivated from beginning to  end.
B00000J7I3|5.0|Undoubtedly the best Motley Crue has done, but it is also one of the truly great hard rock recordings. No glitz, no over the top production, just a great collection of songs that has gone largely unnoticed by music fans.  Just the name Motley Crue turns off many, but if Americans had any  intergrity as music fans, this would be as popular as Toys in the Attic and  Appetite for Destruction. Ironically, this album churned out two top 10  hits in England when it was released, Live Wire and Piece of Your Action.  With the release of the additional songs, it just makes this landmark album  even better.
6305657947|5.0|A hot, intelligent, and superbly witful 'cat and mouse' atmosphere reigns throughout this movie. It is a well-written, extraordinarely well  developped/directed plot and such is an understatement! Bravo (bis) to its  director, scriptwriter(s), cameramen and its actors whom, despite my having  watched this movie three times in two days, have yet to seem to be  'acting'. What sheer pleasure it must have been for these to have worked  under such a talented hand as Mc Tiernan's! Each frame is treated as though  principals enacted them - Extras come out as well as principals. Mc Tiernan  has also redefined sensuality and made it a form of art. Rene is  brilliantly provocative and Pierce is as mischievious as ever - Bravo,  bravo, bravo!
B00000012K|5.0|If the only Dr. John stuff you've heard is his more trad New Orleans stuff, you may be unprepared for this amazing debut.  This album sounds like it was recorded from the deep of a voodoo night! Specifically,it  conjures up a gris gris(voodoo) ritual put on record with great percussion,  spooky music that goes from something unbelievably funky(Mama Roux) to  something almost barouque(the second and fifth tracks for instance) rooted  in a different, darker side of New Orleans than, let's say, Fats Domino or  Allen Touissaint!  Swampy is a good adjective to describe it-echoey and  delirious are two others! Vocally the arrangements are amazing with Dr.  John taking center stage around both men and women singers weaving great  lines and sometimes making animal sounds! The character of Dr. John (a real  gris gris doctor from the 1800's) as well as all things hoodoo are the  basis for all the lyrics. The musicians are playing very free and at times  &quot;out&quot; so it may be a little too weird for some ears.  But if you  have adventerous tastes, this album belongs in your collection because  there is definitley no album like it. It is evocative, funky, DANGEROUS,  and, best of all, musically brilliant. You won't be disappointed.
B00002E233|5.0|in my opinion as an expert id said that its great entertainment and has cool special effects but it a little........ oh what the heck the story is unreal.a shark that can see that is not true but in the other side the  shark looks very real and the attacks are not copycated well i should said  that its great if i were you ill buy it
B00000018N|5.0|This album is one of many excellent Jethro Tull albums.  I was impressed with Aqualung because it has eleven great songs on one album.  From well-known songs like Aqualung and Locomolive Breath, to others like  Cross-Eyed Mary, this album is a masterpiece that scores five stars. It is  a &quot;must-own&quot; for classic rock fans.
B00003000M|5.0|It's good to see that nearly 20 years after Bob died, he's still in the spotlights, lively as ever. This tribute to Bob is a good way to introduce the man and his music to lots of people who don't really know him yet. They  might well be interested to buy more of his music and to get to know him  better. This would be a real tribute, for we know he deserves it. The music  on this CD is easily accessible to a broad public and really gets you on  your feet. Spread his legacy. Yeah man, fine music, great initiative! Bob  lives in our memories.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Listen to this CD...All you hear is stupid, immature, meaningless lyrics that are yelled by some guy over tracks that sound like a car wrecking yard at peak hour.  &quot;I did it all for the nookie,&quot; screams Fred Durst.   What do you think he did it for?  The music?
0312199066|4.0|I loved the book!  I have had it for ten months and must have read it five times.  I was just a young Australian schoolboy when Geno went around the moon with Apollo 10 and yet I remember that flight, and especially the one  that followed, as if it was yesterday.  Like others, I love the book's  personal touch.  Gone is the techno fuzz typical of so many books on the  space age.  Geno tells it like it was: pride, glory, pain, sadness, fun,  love, tragedy.  The only disappointment - and a small one - is that I  wanted to know more.  More about him, more about his family, more about  1972-1998, a period that passes in the book like a stolen second.   Americans should feel proud of what Geno and his colleagues did.  The moon  landing (along with the U.S.'s involvement in World War II) was perhaps  America's greatest hour.  Geno I hope you read this, I hope life gives us  an opportunity to meet Down-under sometime. <br />Who needs Buzz Lightyear for  a hero.  I had Gene Cernan.
B000001IPL|5.0|This cd is the best cd that The Offspring ever made! You can hear real punk music. Every single track on the cd. is very good. This cd. is realy worth more then 5 stars.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|I would order every copy of this putrid pile of garbage destroyed.  It would be no great loss if this &quot;film&quot; were lost forever.  I simply cannot believe that Sonnenfeld thought this film was good enough to  release.  From the contrived, stupid, implausible plot to the forced comedy  this movie was just about the worst I've ever seen.  I only gave it a 1  star rating because I couldn't go lower.  There's too much in this film to  critique; but trust me, it's bad.
B0000028M7|5.0|I can listen to this album every second, every minute, every hour, every day, every week, every year, without getting bored.  Not one song can represent the entire album just because they are all so  DIFFERENT....besides the fact that that every song is almost flawless.....
0679428887|2.0|Rarely can a book have started off so well and yet ended so ridiculously. The first third of the book shows Harris at his best, conjuring up an atmosphere of suspense while skilfully interweaving the results of his  prodigious homework. Who could not be enthralled by the idea of Stalin's  secret notebook coming to light after 50 years? Up until the moment when  our two heroes set off for the northern city of Archangel all is going  fine. But then -- and I can't say much more for fear of giving away the  most critical element of the plot -- the storyline suddenly veers off into  the simply unbelieveable. It is hard to believe that the author who  produced Fatherland could have lost the plot so entirely. The last two  chapters are insultingly bad
B000002546|5.0|Jeff just plays, and plays it well.  Unlike many rock/pop albums, this just improves over time, the true test of good music.  As others have pointed out, the subtleties are myriad, creating a new and fresh listening  experience each time this is played.  And congratulations to George Martin,  a lesser producer could not have created such a deft touch to bring out all  the subtleties.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Putting a metal band and a symphany together to record covers defenitly took serious guts and was a real first. But the formula worked out greatly. Oppisites do attrack when it comes to Metallica and the San Francisco  Symphany. The songs are great! My favorite song is &quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot;.
B00000IQMT|3.0|Well, I'm not exactly a Star Wars fan (I'm a Trekkie), so my viewpoint may not be objective enough. The songs on this CD seemed to me to be repetitions of the same lyrics from the first three movies. Those were easy  to liten too, had some feeling, etc. However, this does not. In fact, the  only song I really enjoyed on this CD was the last scene music, not just  because it was the end of the CD.
B00000JGOH|3.0|I was watching the Oscars last year waiting to see which film would be awarded Best Picture.  To my surprise the honor went to Shakespeare in Love rather than Saving Private Ryan (which is the best war film ever made).   <br />So, I watched Shakespeare in Love and I was disappointed.  The film  received spectacular reviews and I had been expecting a hilarious romantic  comedy with great chemistry between Gwyneth Paltrow and Joseph Fiennes.   Instead, the film offered occasionally moments of funny humor and clever  wit but no true belly laughs.  <br />But the main problem lay within the  film's leading stars.  They have very little chemistry.  I mean, I wasn't  exactly expecting Leonardo di Caprio and Kate Winslet (Titanic, which is a  much better film due to those leading star's chemistry), but Paltrow looks  as if she's ready to avert her eyes away from Fiennes and blush every time  they kiss.  I wasn't convinced that her character Viola was actually in  love with Shakespeare.  Heck, these two make Keanu Reeves and Carrie Ann  Moss look like Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh.  Despite the lack of  chemistry, both Fiennes and Paltrow deliver good performances (Fiennes  should have been nominated, Paltrow did well but shouldn't have won or been  nominated).  I will credit the Academy for awarding this film Best Original  Score in a Comedy because the soundtrack is absoulutely marvelous and is  second only to John William's Saving Private Ryan score.  But when the most  rousing aspect of a film is its musical score what exactly does that say  about the film itself?
1573301183|5.0|A  true original powerful ban
0380973464|4.0|Wow - what a trip.  Kept me engrossed for a week.  Don't get put off by what some of the other reviews have said - the book is not too long (but then again my previous book was Vikram Seth's A Suitable Boy which is  substantially longer - so maybe I'm a sucker for punishment).<br />The small  details MAKE the book.  Take the time to read the math sections slowly and  don't skip them as others have suggested - you'll actually learn  something.<br />I have to admit the ending was weak which turned a 5* book  into a 4* - but the rest is well worth the trip.  Can't wait for the  sequel.
0425156842|2.0|I picked up Sophie's World at the wrong time. Between school and a busy homelife, I needed some quick reading and this certainly wasn't light reading!<br />The history of philosophy is, of course, very detailed. Jostein  Gaarder has written an in-depth, fascinating book, but unfortunatelly, one  has to be in a specific state of mind to be able to follow along, and come  away from this wonderful literary experience with everything the author  intended.<br />So, to recap, great book, but only pick it up if you have the  time and interest in being completely absorbed in the very detailed, and  often dry, history of philosophy and the world in general.<br />Not unlike  reading a textbook -- fascinating, but often boring.
B0000029DD|5.0|I first heard 'Grace' the single in 1995 on a national radio station in Australia. It played on my mind for a while after that &amp; then by coincidence a friend of mine (who worked for Sony music at the time) gave  me the CD 'Grace' by Jeff Buckley. He thought I'd like it &amp; that was an  understatement! I cannot listen to the CD all the time as it becomes a very  personal experience for me, but that is not a bad thing. When I first  listened to the CD I couldn't stop. I was travelling when I first put the  CD on &amp; whenever I had a chance I listened.....&amp; listened. I hear  new sounds in his  voice &amp; the music each time I listen. It is an  experience. Try &amp; listen thru a set of earphones if you can, then a  whole new world is opened to you thru his music. I have seen him perform  twice &amp; have most of his releases &amp; as yet not met anyone who  appreciated his music. If you like melodies, guitar driven music &amp;  strong (yet soft at the same time) vocals this album is recommended.  Unfortunately I was left stranded with his 2nd offering (My  Sweetheart.....). Please if there are any 'true' fans out there email me  &amp; we can exchange views etc. Thankyou, Jeff for your talent &amp; for  opening my eyes.
0784011796|5.0|I saw a review of this here that said a prerequisite in high math is essential for viewing this film..nothing could be farther from the truth.The fact that the math here is presented in such a way that it  doesn't lose you was the main point of attraction for me.It's artistic,  thought provoking, clever, suspenseful and is accompanied by a very fine  soundtrack with Clint Mansell, Massive Attack, Orbital all helping you  relive what it must have been like to be Max.A complete late 90's  CLASSIC.Watch it twice to get the full effect and don't let the mathematic  concept scare you away..you have to be a frigging moron to not grasp the  essential basis for the film.The true name of GOD.Oh yeah.Dig it.
6304806426|5.0|You either love this film or you hate it, as seen from the accompanying reviews.  And viewers will take opposite sides as clearly as the difference in Type A vs. Type B personalities (which may in fact be the difference  between reviewers.)  No, the lead character is not initially endearing and  not entirely sympathetic.  And he is not for anyone who needs a feel-good  character in the lead role.  Further, if you are a fidgety type who needs a  rip-rouring story, this is not for you.<br />BUT ... if you want to be touched  at the root of your emotional psyche, if you long for true adventure of the  heart and sole, if you have the patience to be fed a classic-genre  adventure at a modest pace ... THIS FILM IS EPIC!   Acting and directing  are superb.  The lead man has such peculiarly-staunch charisma and literary  style; one is endeared to him even at one's own chagrin.<br />Fiennes, Thomas,  and Binoche exude talent, as do the majority of supporting actors.  I would  equate the magnitude of this film to Dances with Wolves, CasaBlanca, or  Amadeus.<br />Surely to the disbelief of other reviewers, I have watched this  film several times and each time I draw a deeper, stronger affection for  the story and its characters.<br />As the film is so viewer-specific: I would  describe myself as a nostalgist, a romantic, a realist, and a fixated  student of human nature; not badly shaken by the occasional harshness of  our world's reality.
B000002MP2|5.0|well the tunes are catchy and fun. if you like this kind of music then i urge you to buy it a modern day classic
0385493800|5.0|This book was a god send as it let me while away the hours after christmas. The Testament is another great book in a long list of John Grisham books and deserves the accolade of 'Bestseller' written all over  it. As soon as I picked it up I could not put it down again, from start to  finish I felt as if I was 'IN' the book.
B000002J1I|2.0|To me this cd is very sad and disheartening in two ways.  The first and most important is the production.  Close to the Edge, released in 72 or 73 has far more clarity than Tormato. Howe's guitar on the &quot;silent wings  of freedom&quot;, sounds horrendous which is sad because with the right  production that song could be gourgeous. SO MANY MOMENTS  from that album  could have been great with the right production. The second reason why this  album is sad is because of the group's laziness. At this point in time the  group was obviously burned out and rushed through the recording  of this  album.  Wakeman's playing is so thoughtless and sounds way to big.       However there is an aspect about the first song that is so magical unlike  any of Yes's albums before it. It is so sad because you can tell by  listening to the first song that the band is really striving for something  different, something truly special and unique, because of poor production  and apathy they fail to fully grasp what they are searching for. I can  honestly say that &quot;Future Times&quot;, evokes something out of me that  no other Yes song can acheive. Something more free. However it is only for  a fleeting moment.
B00003A9QL|5.0|This CD set is an amazing collaboration between two impressive musical groups.  As long time fans of Metalica both my husband and I really enjoy this CD set.  We particularly appreciate the fact that we are able to play  it around the children who are fast becoming second generations fans.   Thanks for the clean version!
0393312836|5.0|I was given this book by a friend. It's the best that I have ever read. The way in which the writer creates a whole new language is really inspiring. If you are able to get past the first chapter you will really  enjoy this book.
B000002AHM|4.0|I saw the Trio perform at the Warfield in San Francisco the night after they recorded this outstanding album.  I've been to a fair number of concerts over the last thirty years, but that one is indelibly etched in my  mind as the best by far that I ever saw.  Another reviewer makes an  excellent point in commenting that it's difficult if not impossible to  capture completely the greatness of a live performance on record, and this  album is no exception.  As good as it is, the actual concert (or, at least  Saturday night's version of it) was unbelievably good, with emotional depth  some critics of the album say is missing on the recording.  Never before or  since, not even with future tours of the Trio, have I experienced such a  magical interplay of performers, audience, and breathtaking sound quality.   But &quot;Frevo Rasgado&quot; perhaps comes closest to capturing it.  It's  magnificent!  I think McLaughlin's solo on this relatively obscure but  wonderful piece is one of his finest ever, a stunning example of the kind  of rare, preciously transcendent moment he says he lives for.  His  interplay with Paco throughout the piece is telepathic, and the ending will  drop your jaw.  If you're a guitar lover and don't have this album already,  buy it.  It's the next best thing to having been at one of the greatest  concerts you ever did or didn't see.
B00000273M|2.0|Whether or not it tore the band up, the best song on here is &quot;Eternal Flame&quot;.  The only other good song on here is &quot;Manic Monday&quot;, a stupid, but fun song... &quot;Walk like an Egyptian&quot; is just stupid,  without the fun.  And most of the other songs are sleepers.
0385484518|4.0|Fortuitous.  I could not help thinking of an old (departed) friend as I read Tuesdays with Morrie.  A mentor to many outdoors women and men.  A common man, knowledgeable with a gift for beautiful, expressive prose.  Not  one to give up hope from prostrate cancer.  &quot;Things will be  better,&quot; he said as he was helped down a short trail to the river.   Comfortably posited in a canoe, he was paddled back in time.  His last  trip.  Six months later he died.  The best years of his life were the early  decades of the 20th Century. He lived in the wilds of the Adirondack  mountains with &quot;Friend Noah,&quot; the hermit of Cold River Flow.   Richard Smith's years are chronicled in a warm and well-received book  entitled LIFE WITH NOAH.  The author did an outstanding job.  The book  could be a movie.  A spiritual testimony that carries a special message to  women and men that friends are special treasures never to be forgotten.
B000002A46|3.0|This is a good CD to listen to at Christmastime... some of the songs are great, though others are just so-so, but still, a good Christmas CD.
B00001PE4D|5.0|I originally only saw this movie because Sarah Michelle Gellar was in it, soon after it started I was totally taken in by it.  Many critics didn't like it, but there is one thing to remember, that this movie isn't really  for adults, but if most adults did give it the time of day they would  realize what an incredible movie it is.  I recomend this movie to anyone  who is looking for a good time.
B000002BHE|3.0|THAT makes the whole CD, that one song... one of THE greatest songs EVER, &quot;It's All Coming Back to Me Now&quot;.  Apart from that song, about half of them are good and half of them aren't worth listening to.  Again  though, if for no other reason than &quot;It's All Coming Back to Me  Now&quot;, get this CD!
B0000039QP|5.0|Man, Biggie was no the greatest, this album was the bomb. although he wasn't as good as 2Pac (Due to lyrics, beat, etc.), this album showed people what Biggie could do, with such songs (later hits) like &quot;Mo  Money Mo Problems&quot; and Hypnotyzed&quot;. People underestimated Biggie,  and &quot;Life After Death&quot; Showed EVERYBODY what the real Christopher  Wallace could do. A great album, with no questions asked.
B000002C4J|2.0|This CD is disappointing.  It has a few good songs (like &quot;My Heart will Go On&quot;), but most of them are sleepers.  If you like that song, then go ahead and get this CD, but you may want to skip it if you're just  assuming this will be as good as her past CDs.
B00002Z88D|1.0|This Album is a sure waste of money! I am a big fan of metallica and have all their albums, but this one is a BIG disappointment.  Why? Well let me tell you. The orchestra which supposed to be making stuff nicer etc. are  F^&amp;%# it up. The overall impression is chaos. Lots of times you hear  shrieking violins and tooting trumpets when you least expect it and want to  hear it. Even the unbreakable &quot;One&quot; was ruined. You get the  impression that the orchestra is constantly reminding everybody that they  are there (and unfortunatly they are) So if I were you I'd buy definately  something else.. And yes Metallica DID sell out.
B000002MY3|4.0|Alanis has a horrible singing voice... nonetheless, this is a great album!  Even though I usually hate this type of music, she is an excellent songwriter/composer--so good, that she has even me hooked!  Almost all of  the songs are great!  Good job, Alanis!
0783217048|5.0|This movie is halarious! I recomend this movie to anyone that has a good sense of humor and wants to laugh. Its about three drag queens that are one their way to California. On their way they have a little car trouble. So,  they settle down in a small town in which they change forever.
B000001Y79|1.0|This CD isn't so great... the only really good song is &quot;Don't Speak&quot;... it's a shame, I was hoping for more songs like it, but they are all &quot;strange&quot;.  I should have known better than to get a CD  with rotted peaches on the cover!  Oh well... at least it DOES have that  one song on it...
0790740443|3.0|soldier was better than i expected. a story of programed killing machine who finds himself in a normal enviroment and how he copes with it. i am never a fan of russel but i found his proformance different and  interesting. the movie is not a head turner but it does have it's moments.  if you want some light entertainment then soldier is it.
B00002EPJH|1.0|A big let down after the Koln Concert... sounded more like piped in office music.
B00000ILBK|3.0|it had the effects, it has the sound and it has the action of a big screen movie. but the plot just does not live up to it. having said that it is still a good watch and if you are a startrek fan then you will enjoy it. i  am hoping that they will come up with some better ways to keep worf in the  movies apart from oh look whose here. the biggest disappointment for the  dvd is a lack of extra features. my choice for a trek movie is first  contact and i don't even like the borg.
6300215881|5.0|I  think the best part was when Brando told Malden that he had been in prison and Malden didnt believe him and tossed the whole thing off. Brando knew it would be hopeless to convince &quot;Dad&quot; of the truth. When  Brando called Ben Johnson a &quot;scum suckin pig&quot; in the cabin,  Johnsons blanched look was classic.
0782008372|5.0|highlander is a love it or hate it film. i find the characters very interesting and the chessy tv villains do not come anywhere near close to clancy brown as the kurgen. the movie was fresh and new when it was made,  it is bound to be a little dated now. queens soundtrack is amazing and one  that i can listen to again and again. this collectors edition has all the  bits that were cut out in the u.s. however in australia and britain this  was the standard edition and i saw nothing new.      if you want the true  highlander experience then watch the movie. this is where it started, this  is what it is all about. there can only be one and it isn't the tv series.  the movie has some flaws, but what movie hasn't. but as i said you either  love it or hate it. the commentary i found very interesting. it was good to  have that extra insite into the film. the only complaint about it is the  poor transfer and it is at times poor. thx did a bit of a runner with this  one. i think if you saw it when it first came out then there could be more  appeal. alot that prefer the series are much younger and never saw it when  it was made. give it a watch and you can then make up your own mind about  it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|James Hetfield summed it up, &quot;On the best of days, heavy metal and classical music aren't that different.&quot;  Being an afficianado of classical music and heavy metal I agree.  When I heard that the SFO and  Metallica were getting together and rearranging some Metallica songs, I was  skeptical.  However, I was pleasantly suprised when I bought the album.   The power and talent of Metallica are counter-balanced by the quiet, yet  overwhelmingly impressive combined talents of Michael Kamen and the SFO.   The combination is both melodic and harmonic with just enough raw power to  drive the hardest metal fan while simultaneously soothing the most  discriminating classical music listener.
6304806426|4.0|this is a movie that i very much enjoyed. i don't beleive that it is as complicated as some say. the story is pretty straight forward. but what drew me to the film was the characters. i found nearly all to be very  captivating and interesting. i especially liked willem defoe who gave a  excellent proforance along with fiennes. if there is something epic about  it then it has to be the cinematography. it deserved the award. i am not  sure if it deserved 9. my only real complaint is kirsten scott thomas whose  character seemed thrown into the mix. i have watched it many times and  still find things that i enjoy. for me i enjoy the desert scenes immensly  and that holds my attention alot. the sound is excellent as is the picture.  this dvd was lacking in the extras department which is a shame. it is a  movie that will spark some debate, so watch it and decide for yourself.
B00000J7JO|2.0|Another album from the always overrated (and musically untalented) Red Hot Chili Peppers. That's all that can be said. Same sound, same irritating pseudo-hip lyrics, all around just the same as any of their other albums.  All the popularity of this band is their trendiness (chicks dig Anthony  Kiedis) but that's not a reason to buy someone's music. Yes, their radio  interviews are extremely amusing, but mundane lyrics (Some of the songs,  Kiedis makes unintelligle sounds when he can't think of anything else to  sing), and a shot at psychodelic revival can't save this album. If you want  the good stuff, listen to Blood Sugar Sex Magik. Now THAT was good.
6305342776|5.0|this was a movie that captured my imagination, as a kid i enjoy the action and effects. but now i see there was a lot more to it. there seems to be alot of the concepts for event horizen seem to be in it. heaven, hell a  ship missing for years suddenly reappearing. i find this movie a  masterpiece in it's own right. some excellent acting proformances and for  it's time excellent effects. the only downside is disney yet again. a total  lack of extras. but even with that limitation if you are a sci-fi fan then  get this for your collection.
0140277447|5.0|This book is written plainly &amp; straight to the point.  At times, I'm finding it intolerable to  read the book as the activities committed by the Japanese during the war is totally inhumane &amp; immoral.  The necessity  of us reading &amp; understanding history is that we learn from our  mistakes &amp; building a better future for younger generations.  What I'm  finding intriguing is that till these days, the Japanese Government is  still reluctant to apologise &amp; pay compensations to the war victims.   Besides, history text books in Japan are written in a way that the war  guilt is not with Japan.  In a way, Asian countries are not as pro-active  as what the Jews have done in claiming reparations from Germany.  But what  Germany is doing now deserves to be commended for its willingness to work  hand-in-hand with the war victims. Its memorials are a reminder to its  citizens that in any wars, there are only losers.  The truth is now in the  open, &amp; this book by Iris Chang is opening door to the war victims  &amp; has prompted the Senate to take some actions.  I hope the surviving  war victims are able to see the silver lining at the end of the tunnel.
B000031WD9|5.0|I love how they go through the movie with you and explain things to you.. it is worth the money this thing is awesome
B000002H6C|5.0|Metallica's unique style and sound give them a heavy aura! I love to listen to them in the gym. There speedy riffs get you pumped and you can lift like a mad man. I just like Metallica since they have outlasted most  of the other &quot;metal bands&quot;. They never seem to lose there  momentum or their coolness. Keep the great sounds pouring out guys.
1559408758|5.0|Christopher Guest is such a genius. What can you say about a movie that is so hilarious you can watch it over and over through the years? It's the funniest, it's a classic, and the characters are so hilarious down to the tiniest little gestures and looks.
0449227545|4.0|it was very suspenseful, i couldnt put it down! great book to read if you like thrillers.
1558908358|5.0|tron is to me a movie that was ahead of it's time. it dealt with surreal ideas and effects that were like nothing seen before. not a thinking movie by any stretch. but it is a good family film with action adventure and a  little romance. it is fast paced and interesting. although it is a film  that is carried by it's effects.     the only problem is disney. yes that  big old friendly company who dosen't want to give us any extras to speak  of. i am sure there could have been quite alot of interesting things that  they could have added to show us. yet they chose not to. the film in itself  is good and why you should get it. but the extras are nice to get.  incidently 3 of the actors found their way onto babylon 5.
0671004107|5.0|If you're expecting an alien shoot-em up, you will be disappointed.  This is a novel that is extremely relevant to the times we live in.  Though written in the 70's (with allusions to pre-internet and now seemingly  archaic technology) it still has an impact on humanity as a whole with the  dawn of a new millenium.<br />The novel is about contact with life beyond our  tiny little planet.  However, rather than exploring the &quot;aliens&quot;,  it explores us as human beings and as a unified global entity.  Will we act  as a whole unit working together harmoniously to achieve a common goal?  or  will our petty squabbles be our ruin?  Will our prejudices and stereotypes  prevail over our need to work together or can we survive and learn to put  aside problems?  Can we as a race survive the technological revolution  occuring now as we speak?  These are questions that Mr. Sagan explores  through exploration of racism, religious fanaticism, sexism, and many -isms  present in our our world.<br />With a lot of detailed descriptions and hot  debates that show both sides of every conflict, his novels presents what is  quite relevant in our world today, namely how will we react if (or when) we  find out we are really not alone, in a manner that makes one really think  about our global society.  Using his mastery over being able to explain to  the every day Joe complex scientific ideas and making them interesting, Mr.  Sagan opens the mind and spirit to the possibilities of what can quite  literally happen in the near future.  He ties together science, literature,  religion, and philosophy into an exceptionally beautiful novel that delves  into the very heart of human nature. More than highly recommended....10  stars and two thumbs up.
0684833395|5.0|To be honest with all you gentle readers, I don't much admire War novels, nor do I stand by the title of my review. Generally, I believe War is truly Hell.<br />But last Winter, in the grips of a bout of  quasi-depression-for-teens following a move to the most FLAT province in  Canada, I truly thought I was in Hell. An e-mail friend suggested Catch-22  to use up edgy cabin-fever time. Now, let it be known that my attention  span for most novels dwindles quickly, especially if the book is slow to  pick up. While significantly slower to get 'into' than most of the writing  I chase, Catch-22 sucked me in, like Alice down the rabbit hole. It is  sharply funny, engaging, and chock full of delightful characters. The main  character is a thinker; a young man disheartened by war and his own  mortality. His name is Yossarian, and since reading this novel, he has  stood out in my mind as being one of the most...sculpted... characters in  the history of literature.<br />Put simply, this book is a satire about World  War 2. Coming from a kid sickened by the very idea of war, I can say that  this book is worth whatever bills you have to fork over for it. It's not  about war, per se, but more about the human condition. In addition, it made  me laugh a few times, something that only a few other works of fiction have  ever been successful in accomplishing. I finished this book feeling  oddly... renewed. If you're looking for something 'new' (or, so old it's  new) and engaging, I heartily recommend 'Catch-22' by Joseph Heller.
B000003TAR|5.0|Using the same formula which made 'Bleach' so appealing, Nirvana returned from world wide fame with their third studio album - and by far their best. The raw power of each individual track is overwhelming at times, and the  favourites are plain to see.<br />'Radio Friendly Unit Shifter', which mocks  the popularity of 'Teen Spirit' and other radio-friendly music, is by far  my favourite grunge track from the album. In terms of emotional, thoughtful  tracks, it has to be a competition between 'Heart-shaped Box' and  'Pennyroyal Tea'. A hard choice as both of these tracks are beautiful  played and the lyrics are simply stunning.<br />In his wisdom, Cobain saves  the best till last with 'All Apologies', a wonderfully catchy song  dedicated to his wife and daughter.<br />One can't help wondering what gems  Nirvana could have served up had Cobain felt the will to continue his life.  A classic album, and the rougher side to an excellent partnership with  'Nevermind'.
0449002632|5.0|Having worked in London for many years I found this book intriguing and enjoyable.  I learnt more in two weeks of reading it than I did in all my history lessons at school.  My husband belongs to one of the Livery  Companies so I found it parts of it very relevant. <br />When will a TV  company wise up and ask Edward Rutherfurd to do a Series from his  book?<br />IF YOU VISIT LONDON AFTER READING THE BOOK YOU MAY ENJOY VISITING  THE MUSEUM OF LONDON WHERE MUCH OF THE RESEARCH WAS DONE.
B00002E233|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT AT THE MOVIE THEATER...AND EVEN BETTER ON DVD!THIS IS A MUST FOR YOUR MOVIE COLLECTION!THE SOUND AND PICTURE IS FANTASTIC AND THE WIDESCREEN FORMAT MAKES IT SEEM THAT YOU ARE IN THE MOVIE THEATER!I  RECOMMEND THAT YOU PURCHASE THIS DVD AND ENJOY IT OVER AND OVER!
6302610702|5.0|&quot;The Godfather&quot; parts one and two are, quite simply, two of the greatest films ever made.  Having just seen them again for the first time in about fifteen years, I was newly overwhelmed by their power and  impressed by the skill of the filmmakers and the actors in putting together  these great epic sagas of power, blood, love, betrayal, and vengeance.   <br />That said, I cannot to this day fathom what Francis Ford Coppola was  thinking when he put together &quot;The Godfather--Part III.&quot;   Sprawling, poorly crafted, murky, and ultimately dull, this third  installment in the series remains one of the biggest disappointments in  modern film making. The casting of Sofia Coppola as Michael Corleone's  daughter Mary was a production gaffe of monumental proportions. She was  such an unappealing character portrayed so amateurishly  by Coppola that  when the climatic scene unfolds on the screen, one can't help but feel a  bit of relief, rather than horror or sadness. <br />Still, the first two films  rank among the very finest movies ever produced, and young people who  missed the films during their initial releases owe it to themselves to see  them on video.
0880389052|5.0|&quot;Homeland&quot; is one of the most excellent novels I've ever read.  I read it for the first time 9 years ago and I've not come across another novel yet that has touched me in the manner this book has.<br />The novel,  about the childhood and past of one of the Forgotten Realms' most beloved  characters, Drizzt Do'Urden, is a novel of intense passion, of intense  inner turmoil, of intense character.  It's a prequel to the The Icewind  Dale Trilogy and explains why Drizzt is the way he is - stoic and burdened  yet content and happy with his life. The storyline and plot are solid and  phenomenally detailed as is the character development.  The descriptions of  the settings, the characters, the battles, the _emotions_ create a novel  that is gripping and exciting, while at the same time conveying a feeling  of reflection and self-examination.  Through his use of amazing detail,  Mr. Salvatore allows the reader to feel Drizzt's pains, his triumphs, and  his insatiable search for something good in his life.<br />This is a complete  novel; all aspects work well together and create a timeless Forgotten  Realms story that is enjoyable on many levels.  I highly recommend this  book and consider it Mr. Salvatore's best novel.
B00000IOSU|4.0|I can't remember when I first heard Sarah McLachlan. Probably on the radio as a child. And like many other divas of her time- Tori Amos, Alanis, Jewel- Sarah has managed to make big waves. She is a superhero of the music  industry, and for good reasons. Like Celine Dion, McLachlan has a unique  and extraordinary voice. I almost cringe when I hear it, it's so beautiful.  Her songs stretch the gamut from happy, lively and upbeat to sad, pensive  and brooding. What I especially liked about this recording was that it  contained the songs 'Possession' and 'Building a mystery'. Possession  starts up like an X-Files score from the first seasons of the show. The  pervading feeling I gleam from the song is bittersweet sadness and  melancholia. I'm sure if you're paying attention you'll notice that the  background music sounds very much like that of acclaimed XF musician, Mark  Snow. Building a Mystery is great, too. Also, the lyrics could be made into  the unofficial Fox Mulder anthem, anybody notice that? Since buying this CD  a week ago, I have come to the conclusion that Sarah must be an X-Files  fan. (For fellow philes, you can find an exclusive McLachlan song, 'Black',  on the X-Files movie soundtrack).<br />The only problem I had with this  particular CD is that it is a live recording. If you like hearing people  cheering 'Sarah!' at the beginning of songs, or just plain cheering, this  might hype you up. If, like me, you want the songs and ONLY the songs, I'd  recommend one of her other CDs.
B0000203Y5|5.0|Like most lovers of Latin music, I loved the CD. But as hard as it may be to believe, the video tops it. (A meaningless comparison, of course -- both are great.) Without the music the film would not exist, but Wim Wenders  turns this wonderful collection of Cuban classics into visual treat. The  director captures every tender moment in such a way that takes the viewer  from the political-cultural climate of Cuba through the personal-familial  moments of each and every member of the Buena Vista Social Club band. The  viewer comes away from this visual-musical treat longing to hug every  musician in the film. The film underscores -- without trying -- that music  transcends politics; that people are just people. Congratulation to Ry  Cooder, Wim Wenders and all the fine Cuban musicians that made this film  possible!
B00002E233|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT AT THE MOVIE THEATER...AND EVEN BETTER ON DVD!THIS IS A MUST FOR YOUR MOVIE COLLECTION!THE SOUND AND PICTURE IS FANTASTIC AND THE WIDESCREEN FORMAT MAKES IT SEEM THAT YOU ARE IN THE MOVIE THEATER!I  RECOMMEND THAT YOU PURCHASE THIS DVD AND ENJOY IT OVER AND OVER!
068484267X|5.0|I loved this book!  Yes, this book can be terribly sad and grim at times, but Frank McCourt tells the story and you are living it along with him!  I could not put this book down.  This was an emotional roller coaster of a  book for me.  The author just knows how to put pen to paper and let you in  on his childhood by putting you there.  One minute you are sad because of  the terrible events in his life, the next minute you are laughing because  of his amazing humor even at the most terrible times that he writes about.   I loved his writing style, can't wait to read TIS, and I hope that he  continues writing books.  I recommend this book for people who don't just  want to read about fairy tales and happy endings, but who can appreciate  someone telling a life story in a very unique, not always pleasant, but  beautifully done way.
1570427496|4.0|I found this book entertaining and enlightening.  I found it enjoyable for people of all ages.  I think teens as well as adults would benefit from this novel.  The book's complexity between the topics of God, forgiveness,  spirituality, friendship, brotherhood, and kindness make this novel a good  choice for the whole family.  A Walk to Remember reads like a conversation.   The main character tells us of how because of his relationship with this  young girl during his senior year in high school, he grew to be a kinder,  more mature, respectful, and compassionate human being by the time he  graduated from high school.  This book is a prime example of the unexpected  twists and turns that life throws at us and makes us think of whether we  are going to fold or roll with the punches.
B000000WF0|5.0|Wow, is the only way to describe this fiesty piece of work. There is no word in the English language (and, sorry, but I'm barely lingual as it is) I can use to adequately sum up the feelings these songs are capable of  producing or augmenting. I first heard The Verve on a Nike commericial two,  three years ago (Bitter Sweet Symphony). I actually taped that commercial  to listen to the first 30 seconds of that song, over and over. I honestly  believed that the background music for the commercial had been written FOR  the commercial, ergo, I had no idea, culturally deprived as I was at the  time, that a group as sublime as 'The Verve', even existed! When someone  tipped me off, I rushed off and bought the first CD of theirs I could find,  Urban Hymns. I've never tired of it. The lyrics are great, too, which  doesn't hurt. I take this CD everywhere, even when my Mom is picking up  groceries or pumping gas. The cover is cracked and scratched from years of  use, and most nights, when I finally retire for sleep, my Playstation  serves up a hot CD from hours of daily play. Obsessive, sure, but if one  has an addictive personality (as far as music goes) it's good to find  quality tunes to satiate it. <br />In a nutshell, buy this CD. The Verve is  the Neo-Beetles. While not as happy as the Beetles fare, John Lennon would  still approve, I think.
B0000025DD|5.0|I first heard this album around 1984 thanks to a cousin of mine who had a friend which had this album! Although I had been looking for all the other Floyd albums for a year back then I had never seen this album. The reason  is of course that David Gilmour himself was/is not as commercially  profitable for EMI as Pink Floyd. The arrangements is not like those as in  Floyd. Id rather say it's a standard setup. Yet, an electronic flanger is  used, not sparingly. One of the effects which has become one of the signs  of Gilmour until now.  Certainly, Gilmour and the band wanted it to be as  it is but I once read that David explained  he didnt think that the entire  recordings of this album were done sufficiently good. What did he mean?  They don't play off beat or false so he must refer to that it was done in a  hurry. Even though others think it's good maybe Gilmour thinks it could  have been better. Both the musical part and the mixdown part. The feel of  the album is a bit autumn like for me. However, David Gilmour is no Cliff  Richard equivalent (!). Even though Gilmour is (was?) a superb guitar  player, mostly in his own way, this is a &quot;solo&quot; album. No group  would let the guitarist play longer than 30 seconds (after 1968? ) but here  and there Gilmour plays a little bit to long. It certainly makes the  listening more tiring for those who are not guitarists themselves, or fans  of Floyd. But if you don't have it - go and buy it!
B00000DMJF|5.0|I know you don't know me or don't care.. so whatever it's worth, this is the best album ever recorded.  Has the heaviest Beatle's song &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;, the sweetest &quot;Blackbird&quot;, the popiest  &quot;Obla-di Obla-da&quot; (10 times better than the one from the Wonder  Years show).  For god sakes just to imagine an album that Charles Manson  and his clan basically bowed down to mis-interpreted the lyrics.. but  sub-consiously, unblievably, loved the music and took everything so literal  the freaks killed 9 people.  There's something magical here.  This album  will be in history for ages.. like bach's tocatta &amp; fuge, or Mozarts  Requiem, or Albinoni's String thing, or Vivaldi's spring music....
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica you have outdone anyone now!   I just watched the video and have listened to the CD my son has and I am going to get one for myself. I have always loved your music but with the symphony that was the tops!   It  looks like everyone was having a great time. Way to go guys!
B000002G8L|5.0|I absolutely love this 'live' album the guitar playing the volume of it and the clarity sound so good I don't care what his problems were at the time I don't care that it was recorded in Japan all I know is that it is  was one of the best live recordings ever from the opening note to the last  it touches on every phase of his music.Play this loud as if you were  there,you'll agree with me.
0812551508|5.0|Before reading this book, you must understand that this story was written in the early 1800's. Writing of this time was not based on sex, or even drinking and drugs. Unlike many stories and movies created in the past  thirty years, this plot makes sense without all the sex, drugs, and alcohol  that is added to appeal the audience. Mary Wollstonecraft Shelly was only  eighteen when she wrote this book! Anyone one who can create a book with  all the emotions of a scientist and the horrid monster he created,  definently deserves a five star review!
6305657947|5.0|This movie is great. Every once in a while, Hollywood will create a movie that is sophisticated, intelligent, funny, and set in incredible locations. I believe that the remake of The Thomas Crown affair is destined to be a  classic!
078062369X|5.0|I think that this is one of the coolest movies that I have ever seen. The special effects and the actors and the adrenaline pumping music rocked!  Wesley Snipes played a very good vampire slayer and Stephen Dorff played a  very good vampire. All in all, this movie rocked!
B000008H1Y|5.0|This Album (thats what it was called when I first bought it)took so much heat when it was released, during a time of super groups, back then it was a breath of fresh air,a break from the expected,now that most of those  groups are tapped out,finished,or dead this CD is still a breath of fresh  air my favorite is 'Velvet Green' basically a song that could've been  performed in the 1500's talk about unplugged! this effort has also become a  benchmark for Tull fans today I see many reviewers comparing todays latest  work against this classic. after all it takes 20 years to make a classic  right? In the end it is timeless,a staple for ALL Tull fans.
B000002GXX|5.0|Along with &quot;Hotel California&quot;,it ranks as one of the finest 70's rock albums.The fact that the album tracks(Too Many Hands,Hollywood Waltz,Visions,After The Thrill Is Gone,the weirdly gorgeous Journey Of The  Sorcerer instrumental)are actually better than the three  overplayed-but-still-awesome hits(Take It To Limit,Lyin' Eyes,One Of These  Nights)only testifies this record's musical excellance!Its no wonder why it  turned The Eagles into a household name!
0446525537|5.0|I've never read any of Nicolas Sparks books before, and wasn't to happy about having to read this one for a book report.  But within no time I was drawn in by the witty character of Landon.  Then with the love story that  began to unfold, I found myself unable to put the book down.  True, the  story does have a sad ending, but it leaves you with a heart warming lessen  in love and life that you will never forget.  If I can give you one peace  of advice, it would be to take the chance and read this book!
0767821629|5.0|Released just a few weeks after The Matrix, this movie is constantly in it's shadow because of the similar premise: computerized environments.  However, unlike the matrix, this is a suspense/drama instead of an action  movie.  It is about the investigation into a murder where a programmer  needs to enter the computerized world to solve the mystery.  The movie is  well written, and I enjoyed it very much.
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is a brilliant record and it is my favourite by Maiden.  Songs like &quot;Rime Of The Ancient Mariner&quot; and &quot;Powerslave&quot; are incredible.  By the way Maiden are better than Metallica.
B0045HCJKS|4.0|Long before he let dinosaurs wreak havoc at an island amusement park, Michael Crichton wrote and directed a science fiction thriller titled Westworld. The time is the near future. For $1,000 a day, vacationers can indulge their every whim at a high-tech resort called Delos. If there's anyone who doesn't know what Delos is, well, as we've always said: Delos is the vacation of the future, today, explains a Delos salesman at the start of the film. At this ultimate vacation getaway, guests are offered historical adventures in a setting of their choice - Medieval World, Roman World, and West World. These regions are advertised as the past brought back to life, vivid recreations of the Middle Ages, the Roman Empire, and the American old west of the 1880s. The historical mockups are populated by robot servants, life-like machines brought vividly to life from the fruits of technology. They are programmed to make the human guest look like an expert at whatever he or she tries, whether it be gun fighting, swordplay, or any other type of competition.<br /><br />Nothing can go wrong, a soothing, computerized voice reassures guests over the intercoms. Safety precautions are in place and there is no danger, until two city-slicker buddies from Chicago cross paths with a robot gunslinger in black played by Hollywood legend Yul Brynner. This robotic recreation of Brynners character Chris Adams from The Magnificent Seven (1960) routinely challenges the two men and becomes more and more tired of losing with each passing day.<br /><br />Like many films dealing with artificial intelligence, Westworld is a cautionary tale; a warning against the exploitation of advanced technology, for such an abuse of power carries a hefty price tag. Rated PG for mild violence and language.
0446525537|4.0|I've never read any of Nicolas Sparks books before, and wasn't to happy about having to read this one for a book report.  But within no time I was drawn in by the witty character of Landon.  Then with the love story that  began to unfold, I found myself unable to put the book down.  True, the  story does have a sad ending, but it leaves you with a heart warming lessen  in love and life that you will never forget.  If I can give you one peace  of advice, it would be to take the chance and read this book!
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah McLachlan is without a doubt one of the most talented singer/songwriters I have ever had the pleasure of listening to.  The live performances on Mirrorball literally give me chills.  She is absolutely  amazing!  There has never been an artist who could move me like Sarah.  Her  song &quot;I Will Remember You&quot; has haunted me for years and I am so  pleased to finally have a copy of it.  I have also never heard an artist  sound so fantastic live before.  I highly recommend this CD.
B0000025SB|5.0|Many people have said that The Final Cut (which I'll call FC) is the worst PF album ever.  What planet do they live on?  No FC is not the wall, but I believe the that lightning doesn't strike twice.  If you think that FC is  not even in the league of the wall, look at PF without Roger Waters.  They  don't have the same magic anymore!  The Final Cut definately cut the magic  out of PF, it was the end of PF with Roger.  The Final Cut was in a sense a  Roger Waters solo album, but if you say that about FC, then you can just  about say it for the wall!  Who wrote 99% of the wall? lets see..... ROGER  WATERS. David Gilmour only co-wrote &quot;Run Like Hell&quot;, &quot;Young  Lust&quot;, and &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;.  Yes, &quot;Comfortably  Numb&quot; is one of the most popular Wall songs, but it doesn't MAKE the  wall, it is only one &quot;brick&quot; in the masterpiece.  No the final  cut is not the wall, nor does it have the typical &quot;Pink Floyd  Sound&quot; but the PF magic is there.  At least on FC, roger isn't  self-imitating Pink Floyd to try and make money like the &quot;Waters-less  PF&quot;.  For those of you who can't see the essence of PF named Roger  Waters, wake up!
B000002MP2|5.0|This album is sensational! It has 14 great songs and #'s 3,4,5,6, and 7 are the best. There is only one song with a lot of profanity, too. One problem: the songs are too short. But who cares it's still an awesome CD  start to finish.
0440178002|5.0|A totally mesmorizing, engrossing, imaginative, adventurous, lively, fascinating..(not enough words to describe) wonderful story of medieval Japan.  This is a novel that belongs in the top 100 if not top 20 of the  best novels of the millenium.  James Clavell opened alot of western eyes  (just as Commodore Perry did) about Japan when he wrote this novel in 1975.  What a tale that is told.  Blackthorne the sea-pilot, Mariko the  Interpreter, Yabu the vassal/warloard, Ishido-the rutheless mortal enemy,  and finally TORRINAGA the SHOGUN are just few of the fascinating characters  that are in this story.  This is a story that is complex from beginning to  end, one can't skip any chapters, however the reader will not want to skip  ANY page.  Clavell definitely did his homework when he wrote this book.  Japanese culture, traditions, style and society are told with rich detail.  This book really takes the reader to 16th century Japan. Wow..I wish this  had more than 5 stars as a rating.  It is definitely 5 PLUS stars...An  immortal classic!
0767831837|3.0|I have to say that the cast was great especially the two kids.  Their acting was superb.  A lot of people are saying that the daughter was too out of control, but in my opinion, it's different when you are actually in  the situation.  She was going through many issues and as an adolescent,  it's hard to deal with divorce and knowing that your mother is dying.  I'm  not making excuses for her action but it's hard to say when you've never  been there.  This isn't excellent, but it's pretty good.  It made me cry  when Sarandon was giving the kids the special gifts that she made them.
0440234743|2.0|I was very disappointed in this book.  I think John Grisham has reached a point in his career (like Steven King) where he realizes that he can sell books without really putting a lot of effort into them. This book like  Steven King's Bag of Bones could have used a lot of editing to cut out the  &quot;filler.&quot;  The problem with that is if the editor had cut out  what really wasn't really an integral part of the book, there would  probably ahve been less than a 150 pages.
B000002MP2|5.0|This album is sensational! It has 14 great songs and #'s 3,4,5,6, and 7 are the best. There is only one song with a lot of profanity, too. One problem: the songs are too short. But who cares it's still an awesome CD  start to finish.
0684874350|5.0|Well, I hadn't even heard of Angela's Ashes until I read a paragraph over someones shoulder, and was allready pulled in. I proceeded to read it, and I definately wasn't let down.   Although this is a story of hardships,  whilst reading this I found it still very easy to smile because of the  humourous style of this story. I also found it amazing that Frank McCourt  was able to recapture his child like wonder.    This novel is a story of  suffering, but even though the McCourts are poor, the family is still  absolutely fantastic to hear about.   My favourite bits were  &quot;Italy&quot;, and the &quot;Angel on the seventh step&quot;.
6303433766|4.0|After watching Titanic, i wanted to see more of Winslet's works and rented heavenly creatures.  Kate Winslet was absolutely stunning in this flick.  She does a wonderful job of portraying a beautiful and outgoing upper class  teen who befriends Lynsky.  This is definitely her best act yet.  I also  have to give props to Melanie Lynsky who protrayed an odd loner.  You guys  have to see this flick.  It makes you reflect on yourself if you ever had a  best friend as a teen.  BUt also makes you wonder what can truly lead to  their decision to murder.  The actresses/actors are brilliant and the  cinematography is great.  Although I feel that Titanic is a better movie,  this is still Winslet's best act yet.
0790729725|4.0|this is a great movie for any gangster flick fan!  it has the lot, humour, violence,and a great story with excellent dialogue. a must see!  i would have given it 5 stars if the disc hadn't been a &quot;flipper&quot; the  last thing you want to do have way through a movie is get up and turn the  disc, i expect more from warner brothers.
B000003TAB|5.0|captures the essence of the quote, seattle garage bands, un. you experience thoughts from the great mind and music of the pioneer grunge group
0446607274|5.0|I am an avid reader of this genre of books, and Michael Connelly has never disappointed me with any of his efforts that I've read (The Poet, Trunk Music, and now this) I am 30 chapters into this book and could barely put  it down long enough to get on the internet and check my e-mail.
B00000JGHM|5.0|You may need to watch this movie twice before you get a sense of how lucky you are to witness such fine acting - all in one movie! Pacino and DeNiro are at their best in the restaurant scene - just the two of them.  When you  think of the magnitude of their presence, it should send shivers down your  spine.  A truly great film and one that deserved better attention from the  Academy.
B00003CWHS|4.0|I loved this movie so much, I've bought 3 copies! Seriously! Cleaner, smoother and funnier than the other two. If you are a cult horror buff, I do not recommend it as you may be disappointed due to the lack of scares.  For anyone who wants undemanding slapstick fun on the other hand-BUY IT  NOW!
630522577X|5.0|There was no question whether I would love this film.  I knew I would.  Its one of my five favorite films of all time (the other four are not out on DVD yet).  No, the question was whether the DVD would deliver.  And  deliver it did.  The transfer is superb.  The colors are vivid and the  images are crisp.  Just as I remember seeing it in the theater.  The only  medium that will top this is HDTV.
B000035Z2L|4.0|I watched the movie on video just tonight. I enjoyed it so much, I watched it again! I personally thought the best character was Michelle (Alyson Hannigan). She's incredible in the Buffy series, and being a band member  myself (I play Alto Sax) I almost choked when she said the  &quot;flute&quot; line. Get the movie, you'll know what I mean when you  hear it. I wish my times at Band Camp were that fun... Anyway, I highly  recommend this film, it was excellent!
B0000214F2|5.0|A great movie.  Robin Williams at his best.  Reminds me of great ones like GOOD MORNING VIETNAM.  A must see.
B000001FMC|5.0|I bought this album when it first came out, and I've been hooked on their music since then.  I bought the tape first, then the CD a year or so later.  I come back to this one every now and then to remember some good times in  my life.  I would say to anyone thinking about buying this CD, &quot;Do so.   It will grow on you&quot;.  Fooled By A Smile is one of the bright spots  on this CD, but it's all really good.
B00000I8UD|3.0|Dead bees on a cake is not probably a masterpiece of Sylvian's production like Secrets of the Beehive or like Gone to earth even if I've appreciated very much I surrender and expecially Darkest Dreaming, one of the best  pieces of contemporary music and something really delightful and inspired.  But in the core of this album what lacks is the presence of a unique music  design.
B00000ICD9|1.0|Homestly, this movie is C _ _ P. I`m really soory for robin willian, who is a great actor but this movies is SO boring. Save your money and buy Patch Adams.
B000002MI4|4.0|when i first bought this CD back in '93, i was a tad nervous.  to be honest, i thought it was going to be embarassing.  i thought the guy had simply gone too far.  i thought he had finally snapped.  i thought i was  bearing witness to a once-great artist's creative meltdown.  but then i  pressed PLAY and all was right again.  beautiful....
6300216209|5.0|A simple and humerous love story with a sad ending.  30 years after its production, it remained one of the best film of its kind.  It also remained as the best story that Erich Segal has written so far.  The music is great  and fully deserved the Oscar.
B000002WYT|4.0|Ohhh, traffic jam,<BR> got more cars than a beach got sand.<br />Listen to the first tracks, you'll need 10 seconds for your decision to buy the album.
6304044836|5.0|I loved this movie and thought it was truely the best romantic movie I have seen in a long time.  It is perfect for a rainy day in the house curled up on your couch.  Everyone should get the chance to see this movie.
0800141660|5.0|Clearly this film is as fine a literatry adaption as there is.  Thompson's tight script left the movie feeling as fully developed as the 5-hour BBC mini-series of Pride and Prejudice.   Particuarly of note, the DVD edition  includes a wonderful scene between Miss Dashwood (Thompson) and Mr. Ferras  where they actually kiss!  Jane Austen would be shocked but you modern  viewer will love it.
B000001GLK|5.0|As a pianist, I have played one of the Beethoven Piano Concertos and have heard all of them performed many times.  This recording is one of the best I have heard.  I particularly recommend Pollini's interpretation of the  Emperor Concerto (No. 5) -- he plays with majestic abandon, and the effect  is inspiring.
0684872153|5.0|I just finished reading Angela's Ashes about five minutes ago, and I felt it necessary to write this review for the sake of anyone who grew up in an Irish Catholic family.  YOU MUST READ THIS BOOK.  I laughed out loud about  every three pages from just the bare bones observations of a young Catholic  boy.  From going to confession, to associating what you learn at church  with what you see in life, Mr. McCourt hit it right on the head.  I think  this book should be in the personal library of every Catholic that can  laugh at themselves, and the sins of our religion.
0140177396|4.0|I think that this book was one of Steinbeck's better books.  But I think that Lennie's character is too childish and stupid.  Also, I think that George is pretty cool, but sometimes too over demanding and bossy, to  Lennie.  For the most part though, I thought it was a good book.  I would  recommend it to someone who has a special younger or older friend in their  life.  On a scale of 1 to 10, I give it an 8.5. This book is not  recommended for those that are overly sensitive people (see ending).  Hope  you enjoy the book; try chekcing out some of Steinbeck's other works.   Enjoy, and happy reading!
6304044836|4.0|I have never seen the original but I am glad because I got to view this movie for its own merits and not constantly compare it to the original.  This was simply a wonderful movie.  I laughed and cried and got that tingly  all over feeling that good love scenes provide.  The chemistry between  Ormond and sexy Harrison Ford is so real you can almost touch it.  Some of  Ford's lines are a little hokey but that is totally forgiveable.  I own  very few movies but this one I am going to buy for my tiny collection so I  can watch it again and again.
6302649943|4.0|I loved It. The It, Pennywise, was so scary!  The movie was so nightmarish, like when Pennywise appears in the sewer with big yellow teeth, and saying &quot;they all float down here,&quot; that was just  really scary. Once again the movie is just really nightmarish, you feel  like you are in the nightmare with these helpless little kids being stalked  by this nightmarish clown. The ending was really stupid though. Everything  is great until the ending comes along. I recommend that you see the movie,  but turn the movie off before it gets to the ending. I gotta say, 99% of  the movie is really scary.
0141301139|4.0|I love Roald Dahl's books but my favorite so far is Fantastic Mr. Fox.  My favorite part is when Mr. Fox gets away from the farmers and digs his way  smack dab in the middle of their storehouses.  I also liked it when  everyone ate a big feast at the end.    By Sarah Amelia<br />Fantastic Mr. Fox  is a fantastic book.  It is very funny.  Boggis, Bunce, and Bean cannot  catch Mr. Fox.  Even though the farmers block his hole, he still gets away.  I hope I can read it again.  Everyone should.  Mr. Fox and his family get  all the food and the last laugh.  They are so clever!     By Ian<br />The part  of Fantastic Mr. Fox that I liked best was when the littlest fox was so  thoughtful and got carrots for the rabbits because they don't eat meat.  I  loved this book.  You will, too.      By Skie<br />I liked the story of  Fantastic Mr. Fox because it was funny and neat.  The animal characters  were clever and cool.  Roald Dahl was a great writer.  If you like animals,  this book is for you.        By Ryan<br />Fantastic Mr. Fox is a wonderful  book.  I think everyone should read it.  I think the little fox is so  considerate because he wants to bring home carrots for the rabbits.  I will  read it again and again.  The animals act just like people and have great  personalities.     By Abigail<br />I loved this book and thought it was great  when the foxes were stealing all the food and the farmers didn't even know.   I also thought it was funny when the farmer was picking his nose and crust  was coming out of his ears.  The language was terrific.  It's got to be  nasty to eat goose liver in donuts.      By Donny<br />Fantastic Mr. Fox by  Roald Dahl is a fantastic story.  It's perfect reading for grades 3-5.  I  think Mr. Fox is clever the way he fools the farmers.  Bunce is disgusting  because of what he eats.  Read it and see for yourself.    By Robert
B000001Y79|5.0|I have been meaning to write a review for this CD  for some time now so here goes: I bought this CD back in late 1996 when No Doubt first became mainstream. I cannot quite put my finger on it but there is something about  their music I love. I am one is very particular about my music selection  especially considering how bad MTV has turned into trash. yea OK Gwen is  hot looking babe also, I love her new hair, but I liked her as a blonde  also. She looked great on MTV at he New Year Bash.  This awesome album has  always been one of my favorites. I cannot wait for their NEW album which  supossedly is due out this April 2000.   I can't really think of who else I  would place in the same genre with No Doubt. To me they are really unique  in thire style and I respect that. Music these days seems really watered  down. It seems as if EVERYTHING MTV touches these days turns to garbage.
6302424887|5.0|So foul and fair a film as this I have not seen. The dark landscape and eerie sound track perfectly capture the mood of tragedy. (How brilliantly ironic when good King Duncan, heading straight to his murder, proclaims  &quot;This castle hath a pleasant seat. The air nimbly and sweetly  recomends itself unto our gentle senses.&quot;)      Finch makes an  excellent MacBeth. And I believe this 1971 version produced by Heffner is  superior to the Orson Wells film (Banquo shouldn't tell MacBeth to his face  that he doesn't trust the king -- shame on you Orson.)      This is my  favorite Shakespeare adaptation to film ever.
B00000ILBK|4.0|&quot;Star Trek: Insurrection&quot; is one of the best of the Star Trek films, only exceeded by &quot;The Wrath of Khan,&quot; and &quot;The Undiscovered Country.&quot;  Beautiful visual effects, great location  scenes, and a more human touch help &quot;Insurrection&quot; stand out  among the Star Trek films.  This one has the sense of adventure of  &quot;The Undiscovered Country,&quot; and the fun of &quot;The Voyage  Home.&quot;  Stunning photography and solid direction from Jonathan Frakes  help to make this a winner.  A must-have for Saturday matinee lovers.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Jennifer Lopez has showed she is a very good actress with her various roles, and now she has ventured into the music business. Many thought it would be a joke in the beginning, but she has proved everyone wrong with  one of the hottest singles of '99 (If You Had My Love).  This album packs  enough good songs to keep people listening and having fun.  &quot;Let's Get  Loud&quot; makes you wanna dance.  &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; just  plain rules.  To anyone who likes this type of music, this album is a good  buy.  'On The 6' has many fun songs on it.  To all Jennifer Lopez  haters.....  &quot;Leave us fans alone.&quot;
B00000JPH5|5.0|After this movie, what little girl hasn't spread glitter across her cheeks, stared in mirrors searching for goblins, or worn blousy romanticly inspired shirts, and danced in the arms of Jareth at the great glistening  ball in their dreams? The movie is stunning in it's beauty and simplicity.   It is a child's words that most often contain the most wisdom, and the  fairy tales of a people speak more of their soul than science and scholarly  language ever could.  In that case, this movie is the purest voice that  will ever ring in the universe.  I will remember the gossamer fairies,  little blue worm with an english accent and impeccable manners, and even  the cannon ball with legs until I am a very old woman.  If heaven is what  we make it to be, I will be in the castle beyond the goblin city.  Other  movies I have found just as delightful are as follows:  Dark Crystal,  Princess Bride, Legend, Robin Hood, and The Crow.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is one of the most fabulous books I have ever read.  It is definately the very best young adult science fiction book ever.  This was the book that made me love to read. I urge everyone- young and old- to read  this increadibly thought provoking story.
6305657947|4.0|Throughout the movie, I was reminded of Mr. Brosnan's performances in the television show 'Remington Steele' and felt that this helped him do such a wonderful job with the characterization of Thomas Crown.  Renee Russo was a  perfect choice to be the leading lady because of her age not being too out of line with her leading man. You don't have to be young to be beautiful or  sexy.  In addition, the plot twists left you guessing until the very end.  The combination made a big impression on both my husband and myself. It is  a definite must have for our video collection.
B00001NFCY|4.0|this is not exactly what i, and most of us deeply into creed expected, but for a sophmore album it isnt that bad.  it features just about everything that was on my own prison, so dont go out expecting something different.   when i first heard creed, i went out and bought my own prison right away,  because i was astounded by their music.  its something we have heard in  older bands such as pearl jam and metallica, but its a genre of  instrumental grunge that lived too short for anybody to really get enough  of it.  yes, scott stapp, the singer, does sound like an eddie vedder  wannabe, and creed throws in some very pearl jam like solos, so this album  is basically something we've all heard before.  this album's rating can  vary, depending on what expectations you had of it.  if you considered it  an extention to my own prison, its good, but if you considered it a follow  up, its not so great.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I love Blink-182's music. I listen to it almost every day. If you are intrested in buying a cd, this is the one to buy. Never mind the dumb thing it says next to title of this great cd. I don't know what they are talking  about when they say it has &quot;Explicit Lyrics.&quot; There aren't that  many bad words. Buy this cd. You won't regret it!
6305657939|3.0|The Thomas Crown Affair with Pierce Brosnan is based on the old movie from 1968 with the same name.  And to tell you the truth, the old one is better.  The old Thomas Crown Affair with Steven McQueen and Faye Dunaway has a  better rhythm to it.  Steve McQueen who plays Thomas Crown in the old one,  is a lot cooler than Brosnan.  Brosnan speaks too much to be considered a a  really cool rich guy.  Anyway, Heres my review on the new Thomas Crown  Affair.  Pierce Brosnan is, as always, the good looking rich guy who always  gets the girl.  Rene Russo is the Insurance Agent who falls in love with  Pierce Brosnan.  The movie is strong in that the movie flows very well.  It  is easy to follow as well as to enjoy.  Brosnan uses his James Bond like  movement to capture your attention.  If someone who didn't know better  saw  the movie halfway through, they would swear it was a James Bond movie.   Whatever Pierce Brosnan does, he acts like James Bond.  The weak part of  the movie is that it gets boring.  If you watch this movie, and don't like  Pierce Brosnan or Rene Russo, you will turn it off.  It doesn't contain the  level of action that you would expect.  The chemistry between Brosnan and  Russo is also lousey.  It seems that they were both told what to do, and  then after the director said &quot;cut,&quot; the two of them would walk  away from each other and not talk to each other again until the next scene.   This is a must see movie if you're a Brosnan fan.This movie is a  &quot;renter&quot;, not a &quot;buyer&quot;.  I did.  And renting the movie  changed my whole view of the movie.  The trailer is exciting, but the movie  does not live up to that expectation.
6303481272|5.0|Superior stuff from the director of &quot;Demon City Shinjuku&quot; and &quot;Wicked City&quot; (which is also worth a good viewing!).  Exceptional action, style and character design make this one a real winner.  This movie  gets very graphic at times and is definitely NOT for the kiddies, so anyone  thinking this is in &quot;Pokemon&quot; territory is WAYYYYYYYY off base!   Check this tape out, folks...especially if you can get a Japanese subtitled  version.  The dubbing here is very good, but for my money you just can't  beat the original Japanese actors.  However, this is my own personal  taste...if you don't like reading those little words at the bottom of the  screen, the English version will do just fine for you, believe me.
0425107469|5.0|I received Watchers as a Christmas gift from my boyfriend's mother.  She had read the book and knew I was an animal lover who would enjoy the book.  Well, I did alot more than enjoy the book!  It was excellent.  It made me  laugh, it made me cry, it scared the pants off me, and it still has me in  awe.  I have read Koontz books before, but this was by far the best.   Anyone who loves animals and is a sensitive soul will appreciate the  underlying ideas in this book.  Hard to put down, so make sure you have  plenty of time to devote to the intricate characters in this book.  Happy  Reading!
6305076464|5.0|It took me a long time to realize that Cleese, like any good actor, is essentially crucifying himself in front of a camera in order to achieve his role. Cleese has always been able to project his angst (see the movie  Clockwise) in nothing short of a fire hose stream at his audience. But  nothing, and I mean nothing, compares with his near-nervous-breakdowns in  nearly every episode of Fawlty Towers. If you can watch &quot;The  Germans&quot; episode and not go stark raving mad in your laughter during  the infamous bit about &quot;the war&quot;, then you are either American,  or unintelligent, or to quote Basil Fawlty, most probably both.
6302816319|5.0|Over the top is such an emotionally moving film.  The music that runs throughout the entire movie just adds to the effect.  If someone is looking for the most inspirational speech in the history of mankind, then look no  further than the scene right before the final arm wrestling match between  Hawk and Bull Harley.  Stallone emotionally explains how he becomes like a  machine, or more specifically a truck, by simply turning his hat backwards.   I watch this scene every morning to keep me going.  This movie did not  have enough white guys with perms in it, though.
0688170528|5.0|I've read a lot of great books over the years, but this book is, by far, the most incredible book i have ever read. I absolutely could not put it down--everything around me became obsolete while I became engrossed in this  book. It was given to me by a friend, and the first I have ever read by  Jodi Picoult. Well, I finished it in less than 4 days. I could not even  think of anything else while reading this. It felt as though I was a part  of Chris and Emily's lives and experiencing all the anguish and pain, as  well as the love and passion, that these two had.  I have never read a book  before where my mouth dropped open in shock, or when I have cried for a  brief, fleeting second simply because the scene seemed so real and  endearing. I can seriously say that nothing could have added to this book  to make it any more perfect--but as I reached the last page, I wanted  nothing more than for the book to continue on...
0800141849|5.0|I love Barbra because of this movie. This is one of the most wonderful and romantic comedies I have seen in a long time. Many of my friends told me that after they watching this movie they just felt so-o-o-o-o good, teary  eyed. I have watched this movie many times, I think this movie should have  won all kind of awards and is definitely worth having as a collector's  item. Don't miss it or you will regret.
0688170528|5.0|I've read a lot of great books over the years, but this book is, by far, the most incredible book i have ever read. I absolutely could not put it down--everything around me became obsolete while I became engrossed in this  book. It was given to me by a friend, and the first I have ever read by  Jodi Picoult. Well, I finished it in less than 4 days. I could not even  think of anything else while reading this. I can seriously say that nothing  could have added to this book to make it any more perfect--but as I reached  the last page, I wanted nothing more than for the book to continue on...
B000002MUQ|5.0|Well, I don't know. It's a tough call. But since I'm listening to this CD right now (and loving it!), I'll be generous and give a 5. Every song on here is strong, even the supposed &quot;filler&quot; instrumentals like  &quot;Doin' Time&quot; and &quot;Baluchitherium&quot;, which REALLY rocks  with Eddie's smooth-as-silk guitar gliding over the crunchy riffs in the  background. There are the typical great VH singalong tunes like &quot;Can't  Stop loving You&quot; and &quot;Amsterdam&quot;, a cheesy (but still good)  ballad in &quot;Not Enough&quot;, but also some real thoughful, darker  songs like &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; and &quot;Feelin'&quot;. And the  'epic' song &quot;The Seventh Seal&quot; recalls the &quot;Poundcake&quot;  riff, but by no means rips it off in any way. It's an original, and great,  tune! If Van Halen 3 is really THAT bad (I haven't heard it yet), I don't  see why they slipped so much. After all, Sammy sucks (according to the DLR  fans), so him leaving wouldn't have made a difference. ;) (yeah, RIGHT.)
068484267X|5.0|I was hooked from the first page!  I am usually a stickler for grammar and punctuation, but in this book lack of such WORKS! He has written the book in such a way that you can almost hear the characters. What is amazing to  me is that a man of his age remembers so clearly, not only the things that  happened TO &amp; AROUND him, but the WAY A CHILD THINKS! Some readers seem  to think that he has embellished and that it is not possible to remember  things from the age of 3 or 4. This may be so for most with ordinary  childhoods, but I know from experience that when your circumstances are  EXTREME, the feelings are still very real even years later.<br />Thank God  most of us do not have to endure such hunger, dispair, and hopelessness! To  the readers who couldn't take READING it, imagine LIVING IT!  Nothing but  tea and bread on most days, and that's if they were lucky! How did they  ever make it to adulthood? I think we all need to remember that this is no  novel, but a real account. There are many people right now who do live in  overwhelming poverty, the likes of which most Americans cannot even  comprehend. Too bad there is not always a ray of sunshine to lighten  things-but in real life IT JUST AIN'T SO!<br />The subject matter was grim and  sad, but there is just a bit of light humor to keep it from being  overwhelmingly depressing. However, I did finally break down weeping at the  same time Frank does in the book. 'Tis surely a gifted writer who can make  the reader feel exactly what he does! <br />I am going to buy 'TIS today! I  only hope the movie of ANGELA'S ASHES does not disappoint.
B000003BEM|2.0|IT'S ALWAYS AMAZED ME HOW PEAPLE CAN RAVE ABOUT THIS ALBUM AND ACTUALLY COMPARE IT TO ANY OF THE GREAT ALBUMS THAT TRULY BELONG IN THE ROCK AND ROLL HALL OF FAME!FIRST,YOU HAVE SYMPATHY FOR THE DEVIL,WHICH GETS OLD  AFTER THE THIRD HOO-HOO. NO EXPECTATIONS IS OKAY,BUT THEN COMES DEAR DOCTOR  WITH MICKS FAMOUS HEE-HAW SINGING! PRODIGAL SON IS A HOPELESS CASE,AS IS  FACTORY GIRL. STREET FIGHTING MAN IS OKAY,BUT AGAIN, WHEN PUT OUT AS A  SINGLE IN 68, IT DIDN'T EXACTLY BURN UP THE CHARTS.(IT NEVER MADE THE TOP  40).STRAY CAT BLUES AND SALT OF THE EARTH ARE SO-SO. IV'E EVEN TRIED TO  PLAY THIS AT PARTIES,AND IV'E BEEN TOLD TO PUT ON SOMETHING ELSE,SO AS FAR  AS THIS BEING A GREAT ALBUM,GO FIGURE.BUY SOMETHING ELSE(THE BEATLES WHITE  ALBUM -RELEASED THE SAME YEAR,COMES TO MIND.THATS THE ONE EVERYBODY WANTED  TO HERE AT PARTIES)
B000002MP2|5.0|The first Green Day album I ever bought was Insomniac which is a completly different turn than dookie.  Unlike insomniac, dookie's rythums and lyrics are much more, well I have to say happy.  Not the prozac kind, but it is  definatly not the depressed and murder like because this album came out  before Green Day (Especially Billie Joe)  had their burn out...and their  kids.<br />   So, basically dookie is a balanced combination of the typical  punk songs and the alternative green day yea! songs.  All in all this ablum  rocks...and not all the songs sound the same either!  If you don't  understand this review, you haven't listened to Green Day enough....sorry.   JUST buy Dookie and Happy listening!
B000003BF1|3.0|SOME OF THE BEST STONES MUSIC IS HERE,LIKE GIMME SHELTER AND YOU CANT ALWAYS GET WHAT YOU WANT. SOME HORRORS ARE ALSO HERE,LIKE MONKEY MAN AND COUNTRY HONK(WHAT OH WHAT WERE THEY THINKING OF WITH THESE?). SOME OF THE  REST IS OKAY,LIKE MIDNIGHT RAMBLER AND LET IT BLEED. LOVE IN VAIN IS  FAIR,AS IS YOU GOT THE SILVER.DESPITE THESE INCONSISTENCIES,THE HIGH POINTS  ARE THERE,JUST PROGRAM OUT THE LOWS.
B000002LQR|5.0|You have to get this! You just have to, this is the sum of all the Peppers' brilliant musiscianship!  Anthony:Great vocalist and excellent lyric. I'll admit I got a little sick of &quot;Under the Bridge&quot; in  5th grade, but now at 19 I can safely say this is the closest thing to the  &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; of the 90's. John:Awww man! Where do I  begin? Let's just it's great to have him back in the band again with a  clean and positive mind set! His style easily matches Slovak's(Rest in  Piece, Hillel). An outstanding guitarist all the way! Flea:The original  Funk master of the 80's and 90's !Typically amazing slap and pop work, but  his soulful ballad rythyms deserve attention as well. A big influence on my  playing! Chad:A well rounded drummer, Chad is loud enough to expand the  bite of this album. Mezmerizing percussion! That's all you need to know!  Buy it now!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|If you like her first CD then you will like this one.  Much of the same sound but that's why I like it.
B00001ZULV|4.0|This delivers what it says on the cover: The hits. As they only had the one hit single with Peter Gabriel ('I know what I like', a UK#21) the compilation comes across as a bit lop-sided. To compensate for this there  is an excellent remake of 'Carpet Crawlers' which leaves you wishing that  they could re-record the whole of 'The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway' and make  it so this good. The rest is a perfunctory list of the hits which means  that some of the drippy songs from 'Invisible Touch' and 'We Can't Dance'  are included over much better singles that didn't chart so highly ('Keep it  Dark', 'Duchess', 'Man on the Corner', 'Home By the Sea' etc.) Also some of  their best songs are edited versions but for a casual fan this is probably  fine. <br />I am possibly one of the precious few who thought that the  commercial flop 'Calling All Stations' was actually rather good (possibly  the best since 'Abacab') and its nice to see they saw fit to include  'Congo'. <br />I would like to have seen the new version of 'Carpet Crawlers'  released as a single so that long time fans don't have to fork out for  songs that they already own.
0060926317|5.0|I suggest that read this book this weekend and start your life on monday with new person . I am sure that you will find a message for you which helps you to feel good in this book...
6304233639|2.0|Independence Day is one of those films people like to praise or criticize. Here is why I think the film is so dumb.<br />An exciting thing has happened. We find out we are not the only form of life in the universe. A fleet of  ships have come to Earth, hovering over all the major cities of the  world.<br />After a seemingly endless wait, the ships fire beams of energy,  destroying all the famous landmarks and symbols of patriotism. There is  much destruction, chaos and carnage as cities are razed to the ground. All  this was shown in the previews and this is what sold the tickets. This  really says a lot about human nature and our appetite for destruction.  Shame on us! Aliens have probably never made contact because they're so  scared of our war-like ways. <br />If aliens have technology advanced enough  to cross so many light years, that would suggest very sophisticated mental  ability. Surely then, aliens would be beyond things like warfare, conquest  or subjugation? If they wanted to take over another planet couldn't they  have chosen one closer to home? There must be millions of planets in the  universe, so why Earth? Why attack us? At least H.G. Wells' Martians had a  logical reason for moving in on Earth. Our planet was closest, and they  were desperate.<br />It's a lucky coincidence that the aliens built their  fighter craft in such a way that humans would be able to handle the  controls. An &quot;old&quot; craft that has been hidden by the US  government for several years is uncovered. It was linked to Roswell. Two  men (played by Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum) somehow learn to pilot the  craft and fly it to the mother ship out in space. One lucky thing about the  alien attackers is that they never upgrade the model of their fighter  craft. If they did the craft Smith and Goldblum flew would be as  conspicuous as the Red Baron's plane among a squadron of B-29s.<br />I don't  think it's fair to blame the actors for this film being bad. It's the corny  dialogue. When I saw the preview for this film I thought it was supposed to  be serious and frightening. Boy, was I embarrassed. Frankly, the special  effects are the film's only redeeming quality.
6305128952|5.0|The Horse Whisperer is a wonderful film, one that takes us on the journey of a wife and mother's feelings and emotions. When her daughter is injured in an accident involving her horse, she drives them both across the country  to have a man known as the horse whisperer take a look at the horse and try  to bring him back to his olf self. It is so full of wonderful elements,  especially the soundtrack. The score is full of beautiful melodies and  haunting ballads. This DVD is not the best, though. The soundtracks are  only 5.1 Dolby Digital, and don't include a Dolby Surround 2.0 track. And  there are hardly any special features.
B000001ED1|5.0|If there is one artist of the ninties that had one incredible ability to sing it was Joan.  This album displays her talent greatly.  Almost every track on this album is brilliant.  When her voice flows, songs like  &quot;One of Us&quot;, &quot;Crazy Baby&quot;, and &quot;Lumina&quot; soar.  And when her voice rocks songs like &quot;Right Hand Man&quot;, &quot;St.  Teresa&quot;, and &quot;Spider Webs&quot; become the very best of Bonnie  Rait.  If there is any justice in the world, this album in time will become  known as one of the best recordings of the nineties!  Final comment:  Any album that touches the heart as well as rocks is a fine with me!  My  Grade: A  The should be music critic
B00002E233|5.0|This movie is one of the best movies ive ever seen,curse to the same person writing the same bad reveiew over and over(you know who you are)i cant tell by the IP address,oh well if you want to killa movie go ahead but  it wil get you no where in life,this was in my opinion a great movie,JAWS  was good but then again it was in the 70's quite old now,deep blue sea has  tthe new look and feel of a great shark movie
B000000WA4|5.0|I wasn't sure when i got this CD how i would like it but when i first listened to it, guess what, i did.  This is such a great album, it is so deep and powerful , soft with lust, and sad with meaning all at the same  time. All the instruments just go together so well. Wow i just think ,  Billy Corgan and the gang really know how to play good stuff.  So what are  you waiting for? Go out and buy it! It is definilty worth the money!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I've read here that a lot of folks think that the first Rage record is the best.  Are you kidding?  These guys are just hitting their stride.  As a new Rage fan, I can hardly listen to the first record now.  I find myself  wanting &quot;Maria,&quot; &quot;Guerilla Radio,&quot; or &quot;New  Millenium Homes.&quot;  This is the best and probably most important band  currently, and to listen to this record is just a thrill each time.  I want  to change the world after each listen.  God bless you Morello and de la  Rocha
0385484518|5.0|&quot;He(Morrie)took a breath, then added his mantra:  'Love each other or die.'&quot; There are only a few people in this world who understand life and the people in it, and Morrie Schwartz was one of them. This book makes  you take a whole new look at yourself and the world in which you live. It  makes you laugh and it makes you cry. You learn to love a man you never  knew, you begin to understand the same way Mitch Albom did. This is a man  who gave more to life than just a teaching career, he gave meaning and  wisdom to all those around him.  I believe everyone should read this  book(and this is coming from someone who doesn't really care to read.). It  gives you hope and a whole new out look on life. You can learn so much from  this man. This is not a book to pass up.
0380789019|5.0|Neverwhere floored me. For a long time, any fantasy novel just couldn't keep my attention like they did when I was younger. But Neverwhere  grabbed my attention from the beginning. The vivid descriptions and fascinating  people kept me turning the pages to the end. Even a year after reading the  book, I still fondly look back onto it.It is a true piece of art.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT MORE PEOPLE WOULD COME HERE IF U WOULD LET PEOPLE LISTEN TO EACH SONG IN THE FULL LENGHT, OK.            SINCERELY,            SHARON BROOKS
B000002MP2|5.0|When did Green Day ever claim to be punk?  Their not, so don't compare them to punk bands.  Society simply labeled them punk, without even thinking for yourself you just thought that they were a punk band. Anyone  on this planet who thinks Green Day is punk is very stupid and ignorant,its  just your average 90's rock.  Great cd, listen to the songs that you didn't  buy the cd for &quot;Sassafras Roots&quot; and &quot;Coming Clean&quot; are  definetely the best. &quot;Welcome to Paridise&quot; is not my favorite.  &quot;F.O.D.&quot; is also good. Overall a great cd I can listen staight  through, I don't really dislike any of the songs. One of the best rock cds  of the 90's.
B000002TQV|1.0|I think most people who find this band attractive really need to get a life! Man, I'm a music freak but I find this ....extremely depressing...I think I'll go pop a Prozac!
B000002MP2|5.0|I just read all 123 comments, now i know what to say. Like i said before Green Day is not punk, i can not emphasize this anymore than i had the last time. Many think this cd is monotonous.  Maybe its because your listen to  only the two singles on the cd over and over. I like ever song on this cd.   Lend an ear to &quot;Having A Blast&quot;track 2, track 6(don't know what  the song is called), &quot;She&quot; track 8, &quot;Sassafras Roots&quot;  track 9, &quot;Coming Clean&quot; track 11 and F.O.D. track 14.  Every song  is very unique but you have to listen to all of them. Personally i think  its one of the top ten cds of the decade, classic, i remember the summer of  94 when it came out.....
B000001FY9|5.0|This CD is a compilation of the best work of the true God of reggae, Bob Marley.  The best works of his are included, but of course some material was missed.  This has some of the sexiest reggae songs on it, and my  girlfriend loves it, some of it is very romantic music.  Great music to  dance to if you know how to dance to reggae.  I am very disappointed that  some people don't know or like him.  Though a choice few of my friends  agree &quot;I really like his music!&quot;  It is different, but different  is good, especially in this album.  Take the first 3 songs, probably the  better known of them all.  Is This Love, No Woman No Cry, and Could you be  Loved are all awesome songs.  Then you get much much more, and very little  filler.  It is a pity Bob is dead, I wish he could continue the great  Rastafari image he had and his wonderful, beautiful music.
0345350499|5.0|if you are an extreme Christian, you will probably find this book offensive. I myself am of the 'old religion' (pagan/celtic)  but I didn't really know that until I read this book. it really did change my life. as a  girl not sure what she was, this book helped me find my answers. it doesn't  by anymeans glorify the old religion. nothing is really glorified. it's so  beautifully written! every character is a living breathing person with real  emotions. Oh! I'v read it so many times. it isn't fast paced, it's true.  but that is one of the beautiful things about it! it transports you to a  time when life wasn't meant to be lived in a hurry. and it really is the  kind of book you can read again and again. some books you can only read  once. a beautiful journey into your soul that you'll never forget.
6303443192|5.0|I recorded this outstanding movie last night on German TV. A friend had told me it was good but I still was not prepared for the exellent performances of Kirsten Dust, Brad Pitt, Tom Cruise, Antonio Banderas and  Christian Slater. It was the very best film about vampires that I have ever  seen and the very best horror film though I would not classify it as horror  at all. Much better than &quot;From Dusk till Dawn&quot; for example. I  just can say: &quot;Watch it!&quot;!
0553296981|5.0|I liked this book a lot and I would recomend it to people who want to know what it would be like in hiding.
0684833395|4.0|While reading this book, i got a big kick out of Heller's sense of humour. However, i found that it was something i enjoyed as i read, but the storyline was so choppy that it didn't stay on my mind when i wasn't  reading it. As things went on, i got the feeling that, for all it's erratic  wisdom, the story didn't hold together well, and would soon burst out of  its binding, and lie scattered and no longer useful or respectable.  Happily, I was very wrong, and the latter part of the book was an ingenius  bringing together of the whole crazy plot, and the resolving of the  recurring passage throughout the book made for some of the most intense  reading i've experienced. Brilliantly pulled off.
0061002747|5.0|MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS is one of the best books I have ever read. It really keeps you hooked until the end. I'll tell you one thing- the ending is suprising. This book is the first Agatha Christie book I've ever read,  but now I think I'm going to read a lot more of them.
B000002UAX|3.0|There's really nothing WRONG with the songs. There all pretty good. Y'know. No standouts, just straight up depressing rock n roll, which I bet was a real surprise what with the whole psychedelic flower power stuff. So  let's see, the goods? Well there's George's best ever: &quot;While My  Guitar Gently Weeps&quot;, probably the best one on here, and an Eric  Clapton solo to boot!  (fresh from his stay in the Yardbirds when he was,  you know, GOOD! ) There's &quot;Ob La Di, Ob La Da&quot; which has a funny  title and a happy piano lick. There's &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; a really  cool rockfest that probably on-the-spot invented heavy metal (this was a  full year before the first Zeppelin album, remember (who were never really  heavy metal anyway)). This song is also said to be the influence of a  certain Charles Manson, whom I neither know nor care anything about. I'm  only eighteen years old! Look, am I SUPPOSED to know who he is? Something  about mudering somebody I guess, but there's like a million murderers out  there in world, so what would make this guy any different? <br />Anyway now  that you know what a stupid moron I am, let me tell you that this certain  Beatles album would NOT have been better had it been trimmed to a single  album because the songs are all the same quality: just pretty good!   <br />Except for that Bungalow Bill song which is just moronic.
6303443214|5.0|This film is so phenomenal!  When I found out there's I book (yeah, a film, without a book:) I decided I MUST have it!  (I found out today, so I don't have it yet:)  It's played really good, the whole atmosphere is  entrancing, the story marvellous!  When I saw it on video for the first  time I watched it once again just after that:) The cool thing is for  example like lestat flyies when he bites louis, and all the other things:)  How cool can it be in English when it is so cool in german already?   I  HAVE to get that book:)
B000001FKY|2.0|I'm sorry but there's like two great songs on here and the rest, to me, epitomizes everything that was wrong with eighties pop music. Overblown, pretentious, and painfully predictable. I can't believe I used to like  these guys when I was a wee tot, and didn't even know that bands like the  Replacements or Husker Du existed simply because they wouldn't play them on  the radio. Oh well. Might as well get the greatest hits CD. It has  &quot;Rock of Ages&quot; AND &quot;Armageddon It&quot; on it, so that's  cool. Oh and pick &quot;Slippery When Wet&quot; too. But that's IT. No more  mainstream pop! I can only take so much of this &quot;Rock On!&quot;  schtick. You?
B00000IPAX|5.0|First of all I think Blink 182 is the best band ever. This cd has it all. Every song is awsome unlike some cd's where you can not stand to listen to a lot of the songs. It has great lyrics and awsome guitar. This Cd is a  must for all of you alternative rock fans.
B000035Z2L|4.0|Hey I'm all for gross stuff, but the part about Sitfler and the beer just made me want to puke. Oh well... The laxative joke was pretty stupid, as was the extremely overrated flute joke that I've heard about 50,000 times  last summer. The Internet scene was just about the coolest thing I've ever  seen in a movie. Worth it just for that if you ask me!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I have Tidal, but I've never really listened to it that much - I heard Criminal and Shadowboxer on the radio, but didn't pay too much attention to it, figuring she was a one-hit wonder. Then I got When the Pawn for  Christmas. Wow! I was so amazed with the depth of this album. There isn't  one song on this album I don't like. It even won over my brother. We were  driving to another city and I forced him to listen to it. &quot;But I hate  Fiona Apple! I have never liked a single song of hers. She is so annoying!  I can guarantee you I'm going to hate this!&quot; I just said, &quot;Well,  let's listen to it, and if you hate it, I'll turn it off.&quot; There was  complete silence as we listened to the entire CD, then, &quot;Wow. That was  pretty cool. Wow. That was really good. I didn't know she was like  that.&quot; Neither did I, but I'm so glad I gave Fiona a chance. This is  definitely one of my favorite CDs of all time.
6304415346|4.0|After a disappointing start to The Next Generation movie era, First Contact Delivers!   Patrick Stewart is wonderful, as usual, and the Data subplot will have you rolling in the aisles and biting your nails in  suspense all at once.
B000007ODM|5.0|This CD is simply amazing ! If you hear it once, you'll travel to a spiritual and deep dimension ! You will be filled by a dense energy that can make us happy and, at the same time, a little bit sad about our fragile  existence ! Try on !
0440234743|5.0|I have always enjoyed reading or listening to John Grisham's books.  I was excited when I found this one which involves two totally different worlds: the world of money, greed, success and failure and the world of love of  God, caring for others, and concern for the lost.  These worlds clash when  an eccentric father bestows his wealth on his only known daughter born out  of wed lock.  The drama unfolds between two extremely different worlds:  both jungles.   But, in the midst of a heavy battle for money, truth wins  out in a strange sort of way, lives are changed forever, and life is better  because of it.  I recommend this book for anyone searching for meaning in  life.  Though the storyline is fiction and excellent reading, the way life  happens makes it all the more exciting.  Good job, Mr. Grisham.
0880381736|5.0|I had never been interested in fantasy until someone bought this book for me.  I have had it only a few years and i have to have read the whole series now at least 8 times.  No story i have read has kept me coming back  for more. The characters in the story bring out your emotions and you feel  their losses, triumphs, and tribulations every time you read it.  I have  read tolkien's fantasies only once, while i return to dragonlance again and  again.  I would recommend these books to anyone who wishes to enter a  romantic fantasy world for a while. These are the some of the best you'll  find.
B00002E233|5.0|This is the best film I've seen this year. It's also the first but I've every confidence in it. If you liked Jaws get this film because things have moved on a bit.<br />When we think of shark films we imagine humans in their  territory. In DBS we have sharks in human territory. This is a movie which  should appeal to everyone. An credible Jurrassic Parkesque story where  these biological farmed beasts take on man in his own environment. These  things are far more fearful than regular sharks. These fish are killing  machines with intelligence, strategy and pack instinct.<br />The story is also  credible. The special effects and thrill support the story rather than the  other way round. The special effects are amazing, and the use of  animatronics is fantastic. What you see in the movie is what you really  have - no computer effects. Well, OK, some but computer controlled  animatronic sharks were used extensively (computer effects were used where  the speed of movement of the beast presented a problem). And these things  could swim and move just like the real thing.<br />The movie's special  features are also very worthwhile. Just get it and see.
B00001QEG5|5.0|This is a damn good cd, and i recomend it to anyone who is alive and breathing, even if you arent! BUY IT! The title track is by far the best song on the album and Hot Love is a prime example of the &quot;New  AGE&quot; music coming along.  This is arguably the best album they  realeased, yet their last.  Suprisingly none of the tracks showed up on the  Greatest hits cd.  But if you like TS, this is the first one you should by.
B000002KIC|5.0|This is one of the classic live rock albums. I've had it in one form or another (8-track, cassette, CD) ever since it was released. The Band performs all the hits, in addition to great performances by guests Eric Clapton, Bob Dylan, Van Morrison, Paul Butterfield, Neil Diamond, Dr. John and others. This is a classic must-have.
630398021X|5.0|This movie is by far one of my all time favorites. The cast is almost too good, even the minor roles, you get so wraped up in the movie that your angry when it ends. The only thing i dont like is the lack of character  Juliette Lewis got to play. The scenes she was in, especially her breath  taking renditions of P.J. harveys songs, were extraordinary but in the  original script she had more scenes which I think would have given her  character and the movie more kick.Shes one of the most real and raw  actress's out there today and should be given more credit.<br />The rest of  the movie and cast were just great. this is on of the most overlooked and  underrated movies I have ever come across. I sometimes think if they had  realeased it nearer to the millenium, that it would have done better. But i  guess we will never know.
B000000W5P|5.0|This one came out in 1978 during the days of disco, &amp; the band was able to adapt without compromising their reputation as &quot;the greatest rock'n'roll band in the world.&quot; As proof, the dance-rock hits  &quot;Miss You&quot; &amp; &quot;Shattered&quot; are still regulars on  classic-rock radio. (Leave it to the Rolling Stones to turn a passing fad  into classic rock.) Other classics include &quot;Respectable&quot; &amp;  &quot;Beast of Burden.&quot; Also, they could always find great old soul  tunes to cover, &amp; &quot;Just My Imagination&quot; is a perfect example.  They even have fun with the country-western &quot;Far Away Eyes.&quot;
0790733226|4.0|Bear with me.<br />A young girl is encouraged by her widower father to explore the world and beyond; soon left orphaned, she turns inward and relentlessly pursues the signs for intelligent life in the universe, only  to be thwarted at every turn by an evil nemesis and yet be assisted by a  mysterious shadowy figure with the power to make his machinations stick.  Add to this a love story between our driven scientist and a fallen yet  equally driven spiritualist and you have all the making of a mass of hokum  that in lesser hands would go downhill faster than a Radio Flyer on Mount  Everest.<br />However, we are in the hands of Robert Zemeckis (Forrest Gump,  Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Back To The Future) who masterfully weaves the  framework drafted by Carl Sagan into a marvelous tapestry.<br />Jodie Foster  is Ellie Arroway, the driven scientist who needs empirical evidence for  anything to exist in her world.  She's part of a SETI (Search for  Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence) group about to have their funding pulled by  Dr. David Drumland (Tom Skeritt), who at the film's open is the director of  the National Science Foundation.  Arroway's childhood traumas and  fascinations have fused to turn her into this driven force; she is a woman  with a vision and she is not easily deterred.  Ellie briefly becomes  involved with Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey), a man who nearly became a  priest, but who admits that celebacy was a problem for him, which makes him  no less devout as a messenger for God's word.<br />What evolves is a story  that explores the relationship between society, science, and religion.  Its  characters, which could easily fall cartoonish in the wrong hands, are  well-drawn and expertly directed by Zemeckis, who had some prior experience  with 'toons and apparently was aware what to watch out for.<br />Lest you  think my opening was a criticism of Carl Sagan and Ann Dryan's screen  story, it was not.  Sagan and Dryan provided a good story structure for  screenwriters James Hart and Michael Goldenberg to build on.  Zemeckis,  aided by Alan Silvestri's music, keeps it all in tune and doesn't provide  us with pat answers, and yet keeps us interested.<br />One of the more  endearing qualities of this film is its true-to-life representation of what  would happen in America should what happens to Ellie happens to us.  From  beginning to end, every part of her experience rang true.<br />So, for a  thoughtful way to spend 2 hours, rent or purchase this film.  You'll enjoy  it.creenwriters James Hart and Michael Goldenberg to build on.  Zemeckis,  aided by Alan Silvestri's music, keeps it all in tune and doesn't provide  us with pat answers, and yet keeps us interested.<br />One of the more  endearing qualities of this film is its true-to-life representation of what  would happen in America should what happens to Ellie happens to us.  From  beginning to end, every part of her experience rang true.<br />So, for a  thoughtful way to spend 2 hours, rent or purchase this film.  You'll enjoy  it.
B000000WF0|4.0|First of all, I would like to state aside, like other longtime Verve fans, that this is not the greatest Verve album. I think A Northern Soul wholeheartedly takes that place. Having said that,  I think that this album  is very, very good. It has a different tone from A Northern Soul, one whick  speaks of hope and soul. And soul this album certainly has. Whereas A  Northern Soul delved deep into R&amp;B to make its sonic impact, this one  reaches into Soul and it feels like Gospel sometimes (although obviously  not in the traditional sense). These songs have a very big influence from  baladeer Nick Drake, which Richard Ashcroft has admitted being a fan of. By  the way, if you like this album, you should check Drake's stuff 'cause is  simply awesome and very passionate like this Verve album. I do admit that  the songs tend to sound a little samey, which is why I don't consider this  album to be their best. But I don't think in the end that little qualm  distracts from the great feeling this album leaves on you after you've  listened it. It is such a spiritual cleansing that when you listen again to  the line on One Day that says &quot;you gotta tie to the mast my friend,  and the storm will end&quot; you will know that the Verve are truly talking  about the everyday struggles each of us confront in life. Urban hymns  indeed.
B000002MTR|5.0|Definitely one of the best albums of the 90's.  It has catchy rock and roll songs like My Friends and Aeroplane.  However, initially a lot of the songs may seem extremely weird - stuff like Warped, Coffee Shop, One Big Mob, Deep Kick.  It's quite hard to swallow, but after a while, it grows on  you.  This album sounds nothing like any of the other Red Hot Chili Peppers  albums.  The addition of Dave Navarro on guitars has resulted in the use of  more effects pedals on the guitars - he does a lot of this in Warped.   Flea's bass goes crazy in Aeroplane, which I think is the funkiest bass  part in the history of music.  The bass parts are faster and more complex  than those in Blood Sugar Sex Magik.  If you're new to the Red Hot Chili  Peppers, this is a good album to get started on.
6302902010|5.0|IF ANYBODY OUT THERE,KNOWS HOW I CAN OBTAIN A COPY OT THE 1950' VERSION OF PORGY AND BESS,STARRING DOROTHY DANDRIDGE,PLEASE E-MAIL ME AND LET ME KNOW,I HAVE BEEN LOOKING ALL OVER FOR THIS VERSION,THANK YOU!
0440234743|5.0|I found it to be a very interesting book. This was the first book I read by this author. Now I am reading more of his books
1573226521|2.0|This book was the hyped book of the season, and it simply didn't deliver. Amid hipster pop culture references, this book follows a very well-travelled thematic path, ending up as a Gen-X &quot;Lord of the  Flies&quot;, which itself dealt with tired themes. This is a &quot;shocking  book&quot; for the easily shocked.
B000000W5P|3.0|i love miss you&amp;beast of burden.but the album is so/so after that.they are the most overrated band ever! they have been playing the same song now for 20 years.i used to really like them but after a while everything all  sounded the same.get this disc and try to find only there hits.the rest is  filler.
B000002KOQ|5.0|This is a wonderful album for people who enjoy hearing poetry set to music.  Mitchell has an amazing range, jumping from alto to soprano within a note.  I've been listening to this album for the last twenty years and  continue enjoying it.
B000002J09|5.0|i enjoyed black dog&amp;stairway to heaven alot.the music was forceful and powerful.the blues chops are all over the place.they took it to another level with this disc.a great album.
0945353642|5.0|I read this book in my 9th grade English class and admittedly the guy who sat in front of me ruined the ending - but I know that I would NEVER in a million years have been prepared for that. Agatha Christie does an  excellent job with all aspects of this book: it is well laid-out and  planned, the characters are gripping in and of themselves, and the  situation is enough to make you shudder without reading the book. If you  like mystery this is the book for you.
B000005H40|5.0|this disc is simply brillant.the tones out of Mr. coltrane's horn leaves you in a daze.it's not as well known as some of his other titles but this is a must have asap.the band sounds great.prime time john coltrane.
6304466498|5.0|This is my favorite Mel Brooks movie. I can't stop laughing every time I see it. You don't need to be a Star Wars fan to enjoy it - everyone will understand and appreciate the humor. A must see for anyone who likes Mel  Brooks or &quot;Airplane&quot;
B00002Z88D|1.0|this disc is another run of the mill from metallica who have lost there edge.they seem to be happy just getting over without taking any kind of chance's.lars&amp;crew have had better days.strings can't hide lack of  creativity.stick with justice for all and the lunch box.
B000002J09|4.0|I, being only 15, have not heard Stairway many times. I don't mind it, don't especially like it though. It's no reason to give the whole album a bad score. And leave the &quot;who's better&quot; arguments out. As was  said earlier, Pink Floyd (who I am also a big fan of) are a different type  of musicians.  As for claims to intelligent lyrics and the like, not only  is that most likely a biased opinion but not completely true. I don't  believe a single badn to my knowledge has put out nothing but flawless  music with wonderful lyrics. Put out a large majority? yes. All? no. I  highly reccomend this album for all of the songs except perahps Stairway.
0792840461|5.0|The original Thomas Crown Affair of Norman Jewison (Director) is a must see movie to the remake. the soundtracks, an award winning song 'windmills of your mind', the thrill on watching this movie through this dvd version  looks great.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I love blinc 182s music.If your into pop,rock youll love them.they are 5 stars up.
0684867621|4.0|Leave it to Stephen King to make something as mundane as a walk in the woods into a heart thumping adventure.  As usual, his characterizations and dead-on descriptions have you feeling like you know Trisha and are there with her, lost in the deep woods of Maine.  Her trip through the swamp was  heart wrenching and her determination so admirable that I found myself  pulling for her as though she were my own daughter.  This is not a very  long book, which must have been King's goal.  Otherwise, I think he could  have had some fun with the storyline of Trisha's family as they await her  fate.  Instead, he remains focused on the heroine as only King can focus.  I couldn't wait to see how this book ended, and I wasn't disappointed as  the last chapter unfolds.  I think non-hikers would probably like this book  less than those of us who can relate to following a trail through  beautiful, and sometimes eerie, woods and imagine what being lost there  might be like. Completely terrifying!
6305627401|5.0|I saw the movie and the only thing I can say is: Great Movie, buy it
B0000203YT|2.0|&quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; is fairly amusing. But all its really good, imaginative, funny, moving ideas were stolen - apparently without acknowledgement - from the novel &quot;No Bed for Bacon&quot; by Caryl  Brahms and S. J. Simon, now out of print, alas. Subtract that material and  what is left is mostly infantile humor and a standard offering of nudity.
B00000ILBK|4.0|All in all it was a good film. However it was not near on the scale of Generations. It lacks the Action given in other Star Trek movies
B00001ZWTS|1.0|I feel sorry for Will Smith and Salma Hayek because they made this inanely stupid and often pathetic movie. It started off okay but thats just because Will Smith is charismatic. After that it went downhill and there was no  looking up. At the end I was gagging on this piece of swill with no plot  whatsoever. Thats why I went to go see South Park after that because that  was a real movie with a real script and a real plot. Don't see this one  it'll leave you gagging.
B00002MZ4W|2.0|Fiona's young seductive look, deep voice and piano bar tunes may have bought her fame with Tidal, but in truth this album is just a repeat.<br />Sure we get some new sounds, but they aren't good enough to make  this effort stand out, and if it weren't for her age and striking looks,  her last effort would have never made it.<br />Criticism aside, Fiona writes  good lryic, it's just her unfiminate voice, limited vocal range and limited  style range that hurt her. Take a song like the first single &quot;Fast As  You Can&quot;, on first couple of listens the song sounds fresh, after a  few you notice the the song shifts between two very different patterns, but  we still get repitition as the whole song kind of loops, this same pattern  can be found in all the other songs, some brilliant lryic writing prevents  this album from being an entire flop.
B000002BDB|5.0|I consider myself only a mild collector of Miles Davis since I only have 55 discs or so, but the Miles and Gil Evans have always been my favorite Miles recordings, particularly Sketches of Spain and Porgy and Bess.  I had  these original titles already and was not certain whether I needed to have  the box set.  Fortunately, I did not delay for more than a month or so  before purchasing it.  With all of the outtakes and additional tracks and  what I feel is wonderful packaging with a gold spine book/folder volume  type of thing going on that I just love... (BTW, it's not cumbersome to  me).  When you love these recordings so much as I do and have been so  familiar with them, to have all of this additional music, its like they are  all born again.  There's nothing else like it in jazz.  Do yourself another  favor and get the Siesta soundtrack which is like a new take on Sketches of  Spain (the movie is good too).
6304039506|5.0|This is one of the greatest films of one of the greatest plays ever. The direction, acting, writing are superb, and deep and affecting. And, I have to say, although the ending of this is Hollywooded up, and upbeat  (relatively speaking), compared to the stage play--that ends with no  justice at all-- I prefer the movie ending. And Brando and Malden preferred  the movie, too (Brando because he thought Vivien Leigh was a better Blanche  than Jessica Tandy, Malden because when Brando wasn't talking in the film,  the camera would cut away from him to the other actors. Malden said, on  stage, Brando was so magnetic, when other actors spoke, the audience would  still be looking at Brando!) One flaw in the play, and in Tennessee  Williams' whole outlook on romance that marred his other work, is that he  can't comprehend romance as being anything more than purely sex. He really  couldn't comprehend pure affection between two lovers. Stanley tells Stella  that when her sister moves out they can get &quot;them colored lights&quot;  going again, meaning sex. The same attitude mars Williams' play &quot;Cat  on a Hot Tin Roof.&quot; But aside from Williams' inability to view  romantic love with any depth, his strengths are so toweringly monumental,  that they more than make up for that one flaw. As Brando said in his  autobiography about being in the stage version &quot;We had under us one of  the best written plays ever produced, and we just couldn't miss.&quot;  Don't YOU miss this one if you haven't seen it.
044022425X|5.0|I have never read a series of books as compelling as this one.  I don't usually keep books after reading them, but I've made an exception in this case.  These four books are very treasured possessions.  Can't wait for the next in the series!  Keep up the great work Mrs. Gabaldon!  Your novels  are superb!
6304167660|5.0|If you haven't seen this movie buy it. This definitely ranks as one of my all time favorite movies. You will watch it over and over again. Everything about this movie is superb. The scenary, the actors and  the soundtrack.   The Characters and their experiences are situations we can all relate to. I  only wish the movie was longer.
0440217563|5.0|Once again I was enthralled by these characters.  These books stay in your mind and your heart long after you've finished them.
1558908382|4.0|A good John Cusack movie, great action/sound track combo. Ackroyd is great as a hit man. Love the John Cusack facial expresion when he's telling people what he does for a living.
B00000AFGM|4.0|The name Marilyn Manson is a name now synonomous with satin worship and odd stage theatrics but after hearing some of the songs (from this cd) on tv, I thought I would buy it just to check it out. Initially, I thought  this Cd would be along the lines of &quot;satin lives&quot; or &quot;god  sucks&quot; or something which i dont beleive in. This CD surprised me.  There was hardly any satin worship in any song and the music sounds great.  It is very easy to tell that Manson and his band spent a lot of time on  this release. At times, it is hard to tell that this is Marilyn Manson  playing. I would recommend this title to ANY Manson fan or basically anyone  who enjoys hard rock. I may not buy Manson's other releases but this is a  good CD to add to any rock fans collection.
B000002KE2|4.0|Vol 4 is, without doubt among the six magic Sabbath albums. But still, it somehow seems to be the most unpersonal, lacking any signs of which would clearly apart it from the other five. While the debut album was full of  bluesy jams spiced with some occult atmosphere, Paranoid THE hit album  which has got the most Sabbath classsics in it, Master Of Reality the  heaviest album, in which Tony Iommi could show his prodigal gifts, Sabbath  Bloody Sabbath the most varied album, and Sabotage the experimental piece  of work, Vol 4 seems a little lame. Still, compared to any other rock  group's works, this is a definite classic, including top songs such as  Changes, Supernaut and Wheels Of Confusion. Try it out.
B00000IQUT|2.0|If your the kind of person who likes to see women get abused and then come back for revenge, then this movie is for you.  This woman was on vacation when about four sick perverts rape her in her own home and also in the  woods.  I enjoyed the part where she individualy comes back and kills each  one after inflicting pain upon them for a few moments.  This movie is not  for the squeamish, and not too bad.
0395389496|5.0|My kids love the art and the story is enchanting.<br />A wonderful train ride full of children who want to believe churns its way to the North Pole and a meeting with Santa.  Keeping with traditon, Santa selects one boy to  present the first present of Christmas to before he mounts to the sky to  visit all the homes of good boys and girls.  Rather than ask for a bike, or  Pokemon or any other &quot;big&quot; gift, the boy asks for one of Santa's  sleigh bells, proof he can hold onto that yes, Santa does exist.<br />This  tale of Christmas belief (in Santa, that is) works well on adults, too.  It  has a message about belief and wonderment that touch all who want to  believe in the magic associated with the gift giving part of  Christmas.<br />Warning, The Polar Express is best for children a little older  than mine (5 1/2, 4).  It introduces the concept that Santa may not exist.  I get around this by not reading two paragraphs in the book, but you should  be forwarned if that particular discussion in your household is several  years away.  (My kids also tell me everytime that the boy in the story  should not get on the train at the invitation of a stranger.)  At the right  age, this is a magical and wonderful Christmas tale of belief.
B000002LQQ|3.0|I am a big fan of Dire Straits and I own all of their albums, but I disagree with most of the reviewers above. &quot;On every street&quot; NEVER can keep up with the older DS-albums. I was pretty disappointed after  having listened to this album a couple of times. For my taste, the older  Mark Knopfler drifted off too much towards Country Music (especially with  &quot;Golden Heart&quot;). Where is the straightforward Guitar Rock of the  first DS-albums?  &quot;On every street&quot; is certainly worth the  money, but compared to &quot;Dire Straits&quot;, &quot;Communique&quot;,  &quot;Brothers in Arms&quot;, etc... it is a pity, but unfortunately they  have gone beyond their zenit after &quot;Brothers in Arms&quot;! However,  they are still one of the best bands ever!
B000002WYT|4.0|Although viewed by some as more of a commercial recording, &quot;Crash&quot; definitely has its highpoints.  I would drop 14 bucks just for the &quot;#41&quot;-----&gt; &quot;Say Goodbye&quot; combination.   This has to be my favorite 10 minutes of music ever.  This is a very dreamy  cd filled with hidden messages (Proudest Monkeys), not-so-hidden messages  (Too Much) and getting the best out of life (Two Step, Lie in Our Graves).   If you don't  own this... you should.
B000002KJL|5.0|I am a huge fan of the Straits and have all of their albums. I consider their first one to be the best of all. It is ingenious and sincere Rock music. All you need for great music is two guitars, drums and a bass... and  Mark Knopfler. This is one of my favourite albums ever!
0684833395|5.0|It seems to me that almost all of the people that DON'T like this book and don't understand the humor are the exact same people that sit around watching sitcoms that base humor on bodily functions. Heller was a genious.  I finished the book today, and I don't quite think I'll ever be the same. I  am among the few that found the book more serious than satirical. Something  about the book just lets anyone identify with it.
630512065X|5.0|I LOVED THIS SHOW I HAVE THE TAPE,CD's,AND HAVE SEEN IT ON BROADWAY.I CAN SEE HOW SOME PEOPLE MIGHT NOT LIKE IT,BUT I THINK ITS A GREAT SHOW!
B000002J1B|5.0|I first listened to Relayer about six years ago and it took me some time to really get into it and appreciate the adventurious music that Yes created on Relayer. Yes' music has always been bold and larger than  life...Relayer is a fine example of that.<br />Relayer is a rather amazing  album. Gates Of Delirium is like a 22 minute rollercoaster ride...imagine  that one! Filled with endless loops, corkscrews, twists, turns, and  gigantic hills and valleys that eventually comes to a soothing conclusion.  It is one serious wild ride for ones audio senses. Guitarist Steve Howe and  bassist Chris Squire are truely at their best here. <br />Sound Chaser is one  of Yes' most bizzare compositions. The music is harsh, experimental and on  the edge. To Be Over is another exciting song. Starting off very mellow  then it slowly builds up to a exciting end by Steve Howe's diverse guitar  work and Jon Anderson's soaring vocals which make this song one of Yes's  finest.<br />Keyboardist Patrick Moraz brings a very unique and distinct sound  to this album, his one and only as a member of Yes.  Relayer is considered  to be among Yes's finest, while it's not my personal favorite it is a  remarkable album.
B00002MZ12|1.0|I just couldnt get into this one. her voice is tired, her lyrics sound less intelligent when she loses the polishing of production and she doesnt have the verve to carry on song after song without the flash and dazzle she  gets at live concerts. i guess alanis is more of a corporate creation than  i wanted to admit.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis Morissette has an unique ability that I have seldom ever seen before. There are three aspects of her all over style that must be addressed. Firstly, her voice. Yes, some say she is a screamer, and  granted, she has been known to scream alittle in her earlier work on Jagged  Little Pill, although whenever she would screech, it was mirroring the  emotions the song was written about. She would wail when she was singing  about lost love, sexism and pain. In this album, as in Supposed Former  Infatuation Junkie, she doesnt scream at all. In Unplugged especially, she  has a much mellower version of all her songs. Her voice flows easilly, and  she has a relaxed way of approaching them all.<br />Secondally, the lyrics.  Alanis is a truely wonderful writer. She has insight and perceptiveness  about everything she writes about. Of all the twelve songs on Unplugged,  only one is not her own, &quot;King Of Pain&quot; written and composed by  &quot;Sting&quot; but she brings a fresh depth and exhuberance to it. The  other eleven are a mixture of classics, and three exciting 'new' tracks.  All of her classics are revamped, in a delicate, precise way that shows a  braveness on her part, because she is so going against what made her famous  in the first place, yet brilliantly suceeding, even with a very different  style. Noteably, her rendition of &quot;Ironic&quot; and &quot;Joining  You&quot; are particually wonderful in thier total difference from the  origional versions. The three 'new' tracks are wonderful too. &quot;No  Pressure Over cappuccino&quot; is especailly Lyrically rich, with lyrics  that are not only catchy, but deep and rich in meaning, both hidden and  obvious.<br />And lastly, the music. Alanis herself plays the harmonica, the  guitar and the flute, and probably a few more that she doesnt flaunt as of  yet. She has supreme control on all her instruments, so much so that in the  flute melody at the end of &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot; I am always  drawnto tears by the somewhat eerie meaning that transends her flute  playing. Her general music style is always wonderful, mirroring what she is  singing about.<br />All in all, this CD is an absolute marvel. I will not be  putting this away for some time. She is so talented, she can sing, write  and compose better than anyone I have ever come across. If you want to be  immersed by the talent that is alanis, buy this CD.
0684800713|4.0|Sure, this book is about nothing.  Yes, it simply describes the aimless, purposeless existence of Jake and his amigos.  Perfect example, &quot;I had a lovely dream,&quot; Bill said. &quot;I don't remember what it was about,  but it was a lovely dream.&quot; Yet I have never read a book that so  beautifully handles suppressed love, sexual unattainability, and raw  infatuation.  Although Brett may be a minor character, the way she weaves  through every man makes this book brilliant.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee's to Kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful piece of literature that brings meaning to it's title.  About a little girl along with her father and brother surviving small town life along with discrimination and poverty  in her quest to make the small town believe in equality and her hilarious  attempt to bring a man out of the depths of his hiding.
B0000203YT|5.0|Shakespeare in Love is a film for anyone who loves art and literature with a passion.  Aside from being a beautiful love story, the film itself is a &quot;love letter&quot; to the arts.  I can only describe it as a &quot;golden&quot; film, because that's what I think of when I picture scenes from the movie...pure gold.  I love Shakespeare, and the brilliant screenplay manages to make a flesh and blood person out of such an enigmatic historical figure - it may not be real, but it's a lot of fun nonetheless.  The acting is superb - Gwyneth Paltrow is glorious, Judi Dench is fabulous, Geoffrey Rush is hilarious, and Joseph Fiennes is the hottest thing to come along since his older brother!  I love the ending especially - Twelfth Night is my favorite Shakespearean play, and the last line just speaks volumes: &quot;For she will be my heroine for all time, and her name will be Viola.&quot; Perhaps the best thing about the film is the way it blends comedy and tragedy together in such a bittersweet way.<br /> One final note: I too was surprised that this film won Best Picture, because I also loved Saving Private Ryan.  Both films were cinematic masterpieces of very different kinds, and both were equally worthy.  I'm glad the Academy shook things up a little.bfounded while the final credits rolled. Marc Norman and Tom Stoppard must have loved their subject matter, researched the period with zeal as well as having the ability to create a moving romantic drama.<BR> <BR>The whole thing was created out of the barest glimmer of fact concerning Shakespeare's life. It focuses on the gap between his marriage in London as a young man and his eventual return to London as a successful playwright. The theory states that &quot;suffering is the mother of creativity&quot;, so Young William must have had a great deal of hardship indeed. Hence, the opportunity for a wonderful movie to be made.<BR> <BR>A handsome young Shakespeare is introduced to us during a black period of writer's block. He is portrayed as any other writer we could imagine; poor, horny, suffering from professional jealousy and not particularly respectable. He's over-committed to two theatres and selling vaporware for all he's worth. Poorly named vaporware at that, &quot;Romeo and Ethyl the Pirate's Daughter&quot;.<BR> <BR>But fate has more in store for this hopeful scribbler than even he would dream. Enter stage left, the love of his life, in the guise of an actor, shyly auditioning for a part in his new play. (Shades of Blackadder here). He is immediately taken by this youthfull stage strutter because of a seeming preference for Bill's work over that of the leading playwright of the day, Christopher Marlowe.<BR> <BR>This interest takes him to the actor's home, where Tomas Kent transforms himself into Viola De Lesseps the refined daughter of a wealthy merchant. This magic act is only possible because of the artful protection offered by Viola's nurse and part time confidant, played by Imelda Staunton. And as with Clarke Kent, no one can penetrate the cunning disguise of Mr Thomas Kent, except for a friendly ferryman. And it is this very ferryman that puts William on the right path in his pursuit of the lady Viola.<BR> <BR>And so we get the privilege of watching William Shakespeare give birth to the Famous Romeo and Juliet as a counterpoint to his torrid and dangerous affair with a woman betrothed to Lord Wessex; one of the most influential and powerful men in the city. The ups and downs, ins and outs of this relationship, and its eventual end, are all delightful to watch as well as being grist for the mill of Shakespeare's future plays.<BR> <BR>For anyone that has even a passing familiarity with the Bard's work or just likes a good romance, take the time to enjoy this special movie. In fact, take a few times because it gets better with every viewing.
0380804557|5.0|I picked this book up at the airport, never having heard of Neil Gaiman. I wanted something mindless to read through a long flight and did not hold high hopes of great enjoyment. To my great delight I was wrong! What a surprise, what a great find. The writing is effortless, the style seems so  easy, until suddenly you find yourself in the middle of a wonderful  complexity of plot and character. Characters are imaginative and memorable,  the story, although a &quot;fairy tale&quot;is unique and irresistable.I am  so delighted to have found this author.  I am not a comic book fan, but  intend to read everything he has written. This is intelligent,humorous,  magical stuff. We could do with more like this.We do not have to be  children to enter worlds of magic and imagination. How wonderful that  someone like Gaiman knows and honours this for us. Read this and remember  enchantment and wonder. Treat yourself!
B000001GBJ|5.0|When I first heard this CD it was in Sept. and we were vactioning in beautiful,Victorian, Cape May, New Jersey.  Eveything was so right.  The falling leaves, the ocean, the moon and me.  When I need to get away from  lifes' madness, if you need to find my heart and me, this is where I will  be.  The music will calm your soul, I promise.
0380789019|5.0|As a recent Gaiman fan, this is my second experience of his work. Further pleasure for me.No, the premise is not new but the treatment certainly is unique, original. I read it straight through, reluctant to part with story and characters for even a moment. Perhaps it is the ease with which Gaiman  writes that is misleading, but there is a complexity of both character and  story that lingers long after the book is closed. I loved the characters of  this underworld, found them all exquisitely drawn, including Richard  Mayhew,our &quot;hero&quot;. There is something very refreshing in both  style and content.  I LOVE the mixture of humour, darkness, light, fantasy,  wonder, human foibles, superb flights of imagination, and the very mundane  and ordinary. A very heartfelt thanks to the author. I love to be  entertained and delighted this way. Write more soon!
6305171769|5.0|i think that this movie was so killer and really good. i am a big fan of michael myers cuz i have a little michael myers doll that is really cool. i luv this movie and all of the others too.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|I had not heard the theme for Superman since I was a child and listening to it again was simply incredible.  I felt the same way when enjoying music like &quot;Flight to Neverland&quot; (Hook) and &quot;Parade of the Slave  Children&quot; (The Temple of Doom).  I realized that John Williams was an  important part of my childhood and will continue to amaze me in the future  episodes of Star Wars and Steven Spielberg's version of Philip K. Dick's  short storie: Minority Report.
0393314804|5.0|It quite hard to read this book in the beginning, but then you just love the language, the dialect.  Read it in it's original language, scottish.<br />AND READ THE BOOK BEFORE SEEING THE MOVIE!
B000031WD9|4.0|While this is clearly a very funny film, it doesn't stand up to even a second viewing.  However, if watched in the right environment (i.e. expect South Park, not Hamlet) it can be fun, but try and put you brain into  twelve year old mode for the best results.
B000021Y77|5.0|1999 was a good year for the movies.  The Sixth Sense, the Blair Witch Project, American Beauty.  Oh, yes, there was this little German film that few had heard of before the Sundance festival:  LOLA RENNT (English title:  RUN LOLA RUN).<br />Directed by Tom Twyker, whose past releases in this  reviewers opinion aren't really notable, and starring Franka Potente, Run  Lola Run brought new respect to German filmmaking, which has previously  been (fairly) characterized as deliberate, slow paced, and self-absorbed in  a bad way.  <br />Run Lola Run is about action.  From 10 seconds into the  opening credits through to the end -- punctuated only with a few brief  intermissions to let you catch your breath -- the director grabs you and  drags you along a whirlwind journey.  Three times.  You'll enjoy the ride  each time.<br />There's one moment, when you begin the rollercoaster ride for  the second time, when you'll say to yourself &quot;oh no, I'm going to have  to watch this again.  This is going to hurt.&quot;  And within 8 seconds  Twyker shifts gears on you and shows you how Lola's journey changes others  and herself in different ways each time.<br />I don't want to spoil too much  of the plot, so I'll give you the barest outline:  Lola's boyfriend Manni  has lost 100,000 Deutschmarks that his gangster boss is coming to collect  in 20 minutes.  Lola has to run across town to find 100,000 DM, and reach  Manni, before time runs out.<br />The soundtrack is unparalleled.  The  filmmaking is superb.  The acting is flawless -- every supporting actor  strikes the perfect note.  This is the movie I would want to be stuck on a  desert island with.  If you get the DVD version, you'll also get one of the  most interesting directors commentaries available.  I recommend this movie  to anyone and everyone that is human.
0393317552|2.0|In his book 'Guns, Germs and Steel' Jared Diamond offers a 'geographic determinist' view of world history with the specific intent of repudiating any notion that 'race' might be a factor in the development of advanced  civilizations.  He argues that the descendants of Europeans and Asians now  dominate the earth economically, politically and technologically because of  favorable geographic and environmental conditions that existed over 10,000  years ago in Europe and Asia, as opposed to Africa, Australia and the  Americas.  In his quest to discover the 'ultimate' causes of the current  alignment of world power (e.g., why did Europeans settle the Americas and  not vice-versa;  why did Europeans and Asians advance technologically and  not the Africans or Native Americans)Diamond posits that it can all be  explained by the fact that Europe and Asia had the benefits of lands that  could grow abundant crops and large animals that could be domesticated,  whereas other areas of the earth did not have these benefits.  Accordingly,  these 'Eurasians' had a head start on producing crops that could feed large  numbers of people, which then gave way to new technologies (guns and steel)  which, along with germs that were deadly to Native Americans, allowed the  'Eurasians' to dominate the rest of the earth's inhabitants. <br />I found the  following problems with this book:<br />Diamond presents an interesting and  reasonable argument, but much of it seems to be theoretical.  Despite the  fact that he is making many educated guesses to substantiate his theories,  he routinely seeks to give his statements the cover of authority by  prefacing his views with words like 'undoubtedly', 'surely' or 'must have'.   Watch out for those.  <br />Diamond ruins his intriguing theory by his  political correctness.  He dismisses biological theories about why some  civilizations are more advanced than others, but he doesn't tell us why  they should be dismissed.  It sometimes seems as though hehad a conclusion  and then went in search of 'facts' to support that conclusion.<br />Some of  Diamond's agruments are too convenient.  For example, he argues that  China's geography and environment were just right for allowing its advanced  civilization to develop, but later argues that China's failure to explore  and settle other parts of the world was also due to its geography and  environment. Is he forcing history into his theory?<br />He says there is no  evidence that any race of people is smarter than another, and then tells us  that the people of New Guinea are actually more intelligent than  Westerners.  Where did that come from?<br />Diamond fails to address the  'ultimate' cause of why, at the dawn of civilization, certain peoples were  living in geographical areas favorable for the development of civilization,  and others were not.  Was it not a process of the smarter/stronger people  forcing out/keeping out the less intelligent/weaker people?  And, since  this would have occurred before the development of agriculture, animal  domestication or technology that would give the local inhabitants an  advantage over others, to what do we attribute the ability of a people to  inhabit and protect a fertile living area suitable for the development of a  civilization, while others were forced to live in marginal areas?   <br />Diamond shows his PC throughout his book by putting words like  'discovered', 'explorer' and 'civilization' in quotes whenever writing  about Westerners.  He also routinely refers to the process of whites  settling the New World as involving 'killing' or 'murdering' the natives,  but similar settling processes by third world peoples are simply a  'displacing' or 'engulfing' of the natives.<br />Diamond asserts that all  religions developed as a means for the elite to gain power and control the  people...no mention of the possibility of a sincere desire to insitute  morality, or, heaven forbid, that anyone actually believed in their  religion...<br />Most troubling is Diamond's almost total exclusion of the  human element from his theory of history.  Like a good scientist (Diamond's  specialty is bird evolution) he seeks to reduce all history down to an  equation without the human variable to distort the process.  Diamond  doesn't get around to mentioning the possible human variables until page  417 of his 425 page book.  In Diamond's view, humans are slightly more than  automatons; one individual or group is interchangeable with any other;  if  all groups of people had been switched around so that 10,000 years ago they  all lived on different continents, the world would be exactly the same  today, except that the people we know as Africans and Native Americans  would dominate the world.<br />The general theory about the strong influence  of geography and the environment on the development of civilizations has  long been accepted.  What is not accepted is the notion that geography and  the environment are the primary determinants of human progress.  As Will  Durant wrote in 'The Lessons of History', after noting the importance of  geography in history: 'The character and contour of a terrain may offer  opportunities for agriculture, mining, or trade, but only the imagination  and initiative of leaders, and the hardy industry of followers, can  transform the possibilities into fact;  and only a similar combination (as  in Israel today) can make a culture take form over a thousand natural  obstacles.  Man, not the earth makes civilization.'<br />I give this book a  partial recommendation; the theory about the impact of geography and the  environment on the development of civilizations has validity, but not  nearly to the degree asserted by Diamond.  Diamond's eagerness to prove his  thesis caused him to ignore some important questions and facts and also  caused him to make too many unwarranted assumptions.
B00000427L|3.0|I am surprised how so many people gave this 2CD set 5 stars. I really don't listen to these CD's ever. First of all I think the recording quality is horrible. There is not very much dynamic range. Second, Ashkenazy's  piano sounds like it is 50 years old. When he hits the low notes, it is  painful to my ears. Third, I don't believe that Previn's conducting, or  Ashkenazy's playing are very passionate and intense, like the other reviews  said. One of my next purchases is going to be these 4 concertos played by  someone else, so I can really hear the real Rachmaninov sound in these  works.
6304467540|4.0|How can you dispute the greatness of Godfather and  Godfather Part II?  Both movies display a spectacular cast of actors in their prime telling an extremely compelling story.  They both deserved all the Oscars won.  <br />But  that same magic could not be reproduced 20 years later when they shot Part  III.  Pacino seems like he has lost the character.  His mannerisms, speech,  and disposition have changed.  They don't fit the Michael character he  created in Parts I and II.  <br />I here there is talk of a Part IV.  I say  leave this collection of movies as is.
0553269631|4.0|This is a book which I felt was unjustly slammed by many of the high school reviewers on this web site, so I tried as much as possible to justify a 5 star rating but could not. Again, this is a book which I might not be inclined to recommend for high school reading since its description  of dreams lost and disillusionment is something which may not relate well  to younger readers. The prose is sometimes weak and the ending is a basic  shrug towards life with the lesson of &quot;life goes on&quot;. In this  regard, McCullers disappoints and makes no effort to reward the reader's  concern for her characters.
6305657939|4.0|This movie has as much substance as a wad of cotton candy but is nonetheless yummy and better than the original because it doesn't take itself so damn seriously. Also, it features the luscious Rene Russo, who makes  40-something look like something worth looking forward to. She really  loosens up Brosnan, too. For once he seems interested in something other  than his hair. See it with your sweetie!
B00000099Y|5.0|While it is usual for most people to look for mosh-tastic thumping drumming and chugging riffs in metal albums, Aenima goes way beyond that clandestine view.  This album is less music, more an experience that has to  be heard to be believed.  From the etheral opening to Stinkfist to the  mind-bending epic of Third Eye, the album creates a mood that is rarely  equalled on such an album.  The guitar and bass work is delicate, tending  almost towards ambience in places, and Maynard James Keenan's voice pierces  into your brain like a drill, with intellectual and thought-provoking  lyrics.  Incredible.
6305127689|5.0|Just recently bought a DVD player and this is one of 2 movies I wanted to buy in DVD, the other being &quot;Grease&quot; but it is not out in DVD yet.  I first saw this movie in the theaters when it first came out and  it's been one of my favorites since.<br />The flight scenes in DVD are awesome  and the music hooked up to my speakers is GREAT!   I don't have Dolby or  anything fancy, just an old receiver and Bose bookshelf speakers but it  still sounds fantastic, better than I expected.  If you love this movie and  you have a DVD player, this is a must DVD for your collection.
0679746048|4.0|I found Girl, Interrupted a compelling book. Susanna Kaysen's memoir of her stay in a mental hospital was a page turner. I have to agree with another reviewer here however, though I found her philosophies on mental illness interesting, I would have liked her to have written just a little  bit  more about her stay and the people she encountered while at the  hospital. I wanted to make sure I read the book first before venturing out  to see the movie version.
B000002IWQ|5.0|A very powerful return to the core sound that made Rush famous. Even though the previous two albums, Roll The Bones and Presto, were a change from the keyboard-heavy albums that preceded them, they still sounded a bit  thin, too smooth and over-polished. (Not that it's a bad thing, but just an  opinion). The word to best describe this album is heavy. From the opening  count-in drum intro of &quot;Animate&quot;, the band throws off the  restraints and goes for it. No gimmicks, no overly processed effects to try  to broaden the soundscape, but just straight ahead rock and roll the way a  power trio is supposed to do it, with healthy doses of virtuosity to make  it sound even better. &quot;Stick It Out&quot; is perhaps the heaviest Rush  song I have EVER heard. (Sorry if some of you who love the 70's material  have a bone to pick with me, but it's true). And it does not stop there, as  &quot;Cut To The Chase&quot; provides nearly as much power. Any Rush album  is not complete without a &quot;quiet&quot; song, and this one has  &quot;Nobody's Hero&quot;, another profoundly moving lyric from the great  mind and pen of Neil Peart.Then, the album shifts back into &quot;heavy  mode&quot; with &quot;Between Sun And Moon&quot;, which features some great  (as usual) Peart fills in the middle section that sound a lot like the  ghost of Keith Moon.A great opening Lifeson intro solo starts off  &quot;Alien Shore&quot;, a song dealing with the theme of racial and ethnic  relationships that has a great message to it. Other great songs here  include &quot;The Speed Of Love&quot;, a &quot;love&quot; song that does  not sound like one, &quot;Double Agent&quot;, and &quot;Leave That Thing  Alone!&quot;, another in the line of great Rush instrumental excursions.  For fans new to Rush, this is a great start for a collection if you want to  hear this band at its truest, which is the guitar, bass, and drums core,  and not the heavily synthesized band they were in the 80's. Another album Iwould highly recommend for &quot;new&quot; fans is Test For Echo, which is  even heavier than Counterparts in many areas. All in all, Counterparts  proves one thing:  Rush still knows how to rock.  And they still do it  quite well.
1573220485|5.0|This book is amazing, a detailed yet supprisingly easy read, It is imaginative yet truthful and very honest. You get involved even at the beggining of the book and you would do anything to try and help Richard! It is great all the way through and really captures you but I have to say the  twist near the end is great, and it will be interesting to see if the movie  of the book out feb 11th can pull this off, although I know Leonardo  DiCaprio was perfectly cast as Richard Lewis, and when you read the book  you get a very clear picture of Richard and Leo fits in there nicley it is  hard toimagine anyone else in the role! It is a great book so buy it NOW!
6305627347|5.0|This movie will make you wet your pants its so funny watch it and enjoy
0393037010|5.0|I'm sorry to hear that Patrick O'Brian has just died, at the age of 85.  Such a marvelous story teller, and so knowledgeable about ships and the sea.<br /><br />My physician recommended Master and Commander to me, and I'm  delighted that I purchased and read it.  I am an ocean sailor, and I  recognize a writer on the subject of ships who knows whereof he speaks.  Patrick O'Brian knew his subject, and he knew history, and he spins a great  yarn.  I shall read all of his books.  So far, I've read only three of  them.<br /><br />If you want to know history, read carefully researched  historical novels.  It is not only the painless way, it is highly  enjoyable.<br /><br />So, thank you Dr. Rollings, for the tip.
B00000JYGX|5.0|I bought this cd a while ago becuase i heard someone playing it and i loved the cover.  Kind of superficial reasoning but i'm glad i ordered it anyway.  Not to mention the fact the cover is really pretty, the music is  just so moving.  You dont need to understand french to enjoy this if you  know the story.  The words dont really matter becuase the music is so  powerful.  The voices are mostly wonderful.  Personally, i think Ezmerelda  is a little breathy, but she is still good, and she doesnt sing that much  so it doesnt really bother me.  I really like that it is recorded live so  you can hear how it really happened, i always prefer live over studio.  If  you liked Les Miserables and Phantom of the Opera and RENT (you have to  like all three), then you will love this.
