B0006M4SO6|5.0|PMG has made many great recordings, while most of us cannot even boast one.  The Way Up, however, among those many, may be tops, imo, near the top.  Brilliant in conception, shimmering in execution.  Simply, the most creative, yet listenable, genre-bending ensemble playing today.
B0015XHQTE|4.0|We bought this one over our family vacation time because we stayed at hotel without TV. My son loves it! He watched all of them within 2 days.
B000CZ0Q5W|5.0|My favorite PMG recordings: Travels, The Way Up, We Live Here, Still Life Talking, Letter From Home.  Pat Metheny is the only jazz musician of our generation who has attained the stature of Ellington or Miles Davis.  Still Life Talking, fine wine that it is, ages wonderfully.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|The decision on this movie is simple.  If you are a fan of the Firefly TV series, you must see this movie.  It brings to conclusion several (but not all) of the long-term sub-plots introduced in the series.  If you are not a fan, this movie is just so-so because you won't understand why certain events and interactions are significant without knowing the character development of past episodes.<br /><br />If you have never seen the Firefly series, consider getting into it.  It's that good.  For just under $20 I bought the entire series as a collector set from Amazon in late June, 2008.  On four DVDs it's the entire single season that aired and was tragically cancelled before anyone knew it had begun.  The Firefly series and its conclusion movie Serenity are a wonderful combination of the action-packed sci-fi/space and western genres - all presented with witty conversations, wonderful characters, and hilarious situations that have viewers literally laughing out loud again and again.<br /><br />To better understand this recommendation, pick a favorite TV series with funny characters.  For illustration, I'll pick Everybody Loves Raymond.  Now imagine the charcters buy the space ship equivalent of a yacht and travel together to remote planets so early in their settlement they resemble western frontier territories.  Even if the plot, special effects, and action made a first-rate movie, it's the funny characters playing it out that would make this hypothetical movie tremendously entertaining.  Using my example: when Marie and Debra Barrone argue about cooking in the ship's galley, and then Raymond gets a larger slice of pie than Robert, it's a lot funnier if you already know those characters from the TV series.<br /><br />The Serenity movie is similar to the example above.  It's OK in its own right, but tons better if you know the characters from the Firefly series.  It's a little worse in the case of Serentiy because the setting requires some Firefly background to make sense.  A Star Trek movie wouldn't make complete sense if you hadn't watched the series enough to understand that Klingons are always war-like, Romulans routinely use cloaking devices, and the Federation is guided by the Prime Directive.  Firefly similarly creates a universe setting with its own \\"rules\\", and the Serenity movie just can't take the time to explain it all again.<br /><br />In conclusion:<br />1.  If you've watched Firefly, buy the Serenity movie.<br />2.  If you haven't watched Firefly, buy the Firefly series and then watch the Serenity movie.  You'll be glad you did, on both counts.<br />3.  If you haven't watched Firefly and won't follow #2 above, then don't buy the Serenity movie.ouldn't make complete sense if you hadn't watched the series enough to understand that Klingons are always war-like, Romulans routinely use cloaking devices, and the Federation is guided by the Prime Directive.  Firefly similarly creates a universe setting with its own \\"rules\\", and the Serenity movie just can't take the time to explain it all again.    In conclusion:  1.  If you've watched Firefly, buy the Serenity movie.  2.  If you haven't watched Firefly, buy the Firefly series and then watch the Serenity movie.  You'll be glad you did, on both counts.  3.  If you haven't watched Firefly and won't follow #2 above, then don't buy the Serenity movie.
B0016NF06O|5.0|These two great talents have come together and made one of the best cd's I own. The music is awesome !!
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Duffy, now here's a new intreresting artist. She's a  blonde girl with a lot of soul. Slightly reminiscent of Lulu, or Petula Clark. Great vocal control, style and emotional lyrics.
0800141660|5.0|The dvd was sent within a week and it's in really good condition.  Would order from them again.
B0015XASFS|5.0|This is a must-have for Josh Groban fans and a great way to introduce people to Josh Groban and his incredible voice and music. The DVD is a live video recording of Josh Groban performing in concert while touring for his 2007 \\"Awake\\" tour. The DVD also includes two short backstage documentaries featuring the making of the video and what it is like to be backstage and on tour with Josh. Not only do you get to enjoy Josh's singing and performing talents, but you get a good idea of what Josh is like as a person and why his fans love him so much. The CD showcases 11 songs from the live concert. This DVD/CD is pure enjoyment.
B0012OGCO6|4.0|I saw a preview for this movie when I was checking previews on a movie rental service. I love good vs evil plots and I was intrigued with the whole idea of this movie. I was surprised with how dark it was at first but I thought the acting was well done and the storyline was very good. I thought they could have went into the characters a little more, but it is quite understandable since they had such a low budget. If you love the Matrix, Underworld, Blade movies then it is quite possible this movie is for you. I will watch it again.
0792839749|5.0|This is a great movie classic.  Ignore the stupid one star reviews based on format.  If you like full screen then buy full screen.  If you like widescreen then buy widescreen.  Why are they buying something that they know will disappoint them and then give a one star review.  This only hurts the movie that they claim they all love!!
B00168ML1G|5.0|Went to the theater with my oldest son and husband to see this movie. This was the first movie we took him to the theater to see and he loved every second of it. We are getting this for him for an early Christmas present.
B000PDYVVG|2.0|a self-absorbed portrayal of one year in the life of a woman recovering from a divorce.  i could not get past the whining and one person pity party.
031606792X|5.0|I visited amazon.com on August 3 and read some of the negative reviews of Breaking Dawn.  Bella and Edward having a baby?  Jacob imprinting on that baby?  Give me a break!  So I decided not to buy it.  That decision held for less than a week before curiosity had me buying Breaking Dawn.  And I loved it.  Just about everything that people had been complaining about actually worked for me.  (OK, if a vampire can't produce tears, then how is he going to produce semen...but that's just a detail.  I guess they can produce venom, so why not.)    I did not think the first three books were that great - good enough, but not great - and would not have read them if I had not read The Host, which I loved.  I did not like the character of Bella that much, and Edward's over protectiveness was annoying.  Bella comes into her own in Breaking Dawn.  Having a daughter to protect and all.  (Edward's over protectiveness is still annoying.)    Would have loved to see the Volturi crippled, but that's probably a story for another time.
B0000026UV|5.0|If you like Chet Atkins and Dire Straits you will love this CD. The blending of the 2 styles is great.  Enjoy it alot and will keep it as one of my all time favorites.
B000VNMMPM|4.0|Interesting little film. Being a big fan of Luc Besson I had to check it out, as it was reportedly the last film that he'd direct. The opening premise is pretty standard fare, a petty criminal who is down on his luck and owes too much to various less than honorable gentleman, but where it starts to get interesting is where Angela comes into play. It becomes clearer as time passes that this is a modern twist on 'It's A Wonderful Life', except it's set in a gritty and violent milieu of Paris. Angela is sent to save Andre' from himself, which is a pretty tough mission considering he's a lying, cheating weasel who will do virtually anything to get out of making an honest living. God sees him as redeemable though, despite his trangressions, so it sends Angela to the rescue.<br /><br />'Angel-A' is a fairly entertaining ride, the acting is competent, not a mindblowing story, but nevertheless there was a very sweet quality about it, something endearing about Angela and Andre's relationship. Their love might transcend her immortal coils and save such a wretched creature as him from ruin, and that's inspiring, touching.<br /><br />Even though it may not be the most original movie out there, at least it strays mostly from the norm, and although it's a bit of a remake, it does its own thing decently, so for that I have to give it kudos. I like seeing things from a unique, new perspective, and it was mostly successful in that endeavor. For those who appreciate a genuine love story about redemption, check it out.
B0017R5UAA|4.0|This was my first purchase of the freak-folk type, as recommended by NPR's Fresh Air show. I am not disappointed at all, and continue to enjoy the album weeks after I received it.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|MAD MEN is truly amazing.  It has everything that makes quality television.  It takes place in the 60's and the time period is as much a character of the show as the people are.  It is 100% accurate - the furnishings, clothes and THE SMOKING !!  It is hilarious but oh so true of the period.  Everyone smoked.<br /><br />When you watch this show you are enthralled for it is one of those rare experiences today.  it is not gratuitous television.  It is a superbly crafted piece of art.  It is glorious how each character slowly develops over the season and we learn more about them slowly as you would a person in real life.  These characters become so addictive.  The ensemble cast is so amazing it is difficult to pick anyone out but Jon Hamm does certainly rule the roost with his presence.  But I am also sure Peter and Peggy will linger in your thoughts.<br /><br />This is such intelligent television.  It is of the caliber you would expect from HBO or Showtime.  The historical facts are very interesting to me.  They show the whole campaign and election between Kennedy and Nixon.  I am 47 now so was not around for that.  It is so interesting to see that Kennedy was not so overly popular when running and it shocked many when he won.  The first Catholic president.  My, my.  I find that very timely with the election we are facing.<br /><br />Nothing was spared to make this show the highest quality and the most accurate.  Anyone associated with it should hold their head high and it certainly deserves all the accolades it has received.<br /><br />If you have yet to view this show, don't deny yourself.  It is quality tv at its best.
184195392X|5.0|I had to think for quite awhile about how to rate this book. At many times more stomach-turning than page-turning, it was nonetheless a story that grabbed me and didn't let me go. The language was intelligent, insightful, and nearly poetic in places. The author's descriptions were so clear that I often felt as though I was actually seeing the story in vivid detail (whether I wanted to or not). I found my mind often returning to the novel long after I finished reading it, as if I was still trying to sort out a puzzle.  I was so caught up in that, that my husband had to remind me it was a fictional tale!    One thing that I found masterful was how the author wove in a \\"listener\\" (a writer) and his observations about Pi and showed at the end of Part 1 that Pi's story had a happy ending. Otherwise, the awfulness of some sections of Part 2 would have been overwhelming
B000XV6VOK|5.0|I have only the highest praise for season 2 of The Tudors.  I don't want to give away spoilers by going into the plot.  Yes, it is history which we all pretty much know.  But it is amazing to see it played out in front of you with 3 dimsional characters that make the facts take a life of their own.<br /><br />The presentation is glorious.  The scenery, costumes and all to do with the time period is breath taking and expertly done.  And the acting is of the highest caliber.<br /><br />I find complaints people have had with this season to be rather minimal.  Anyone can take a masterpiece and have something with it that does not please them.  For me everything about this show gives it an A +++++.  King Henry and Anne Boleyn are the center here but all the other historical pieces are expertly put in.<br /><br />I am amazed how the show manages to show history so true to fact, true to life and mezmerizing to view.  Season 2 is an entity to itself and such ensemble acting is rare to find.  View this and you will see only the highest quality television available, refresh your history knowledge and see the best acting out there.<br /><br />Kudos.
159562015X|4.0|People often know enough information to draw a proper conclusion, but haven't made the proper connections. When they get the conclusion from someone else, they often get a reaction like \\"duh! I knew that already; I just never got it until you just said it.\\" This book will give you that reaction. It will identify the top 5 personal paradigms you work with, and gives you strategies and tactics that will help you feature them more productively in your life. You might ask \\"is that it?\\" A common question according to the book, but focusing on more than the top five is spreading yourself too thin, as is any focus on avoidance of what doesn't work for you. Aside from my own \\"duh\\" factor and curiosity, I felt this book was extremely good at what it does.
B00000GV55|5.0|Henry Cow sounds like he (they) were influenced by the Lizard-era King Crimson.  Some of the songs on here seriously remind me of early King Crimson.  I'd say there's a noticable Gong and Frank Zappa influence as well.  Just an unbelievable amount of creativity sounds like it was involved making an album like this.      If you wanna know what this album is like, well, just keep this in mind- you won't be able to predict how any of these songs go.  Mysterious and atmospheric jams, and lots of strange choices for musical instruments, all happening at the weirdest moments!  You gotta love it.  Improvised and messy arrangements dominate a song like \\"The Tenth Chaffinch\\" with flutes, odd vocals quite reminiscent of the Moody Blues during some rehearsal, and many other bizarre choices for instruments all blending together to make some acid-tinged fruit punch supreme frosty shake.    I like how the beginning of \\"Nirvana for Mice\\" sounds like Frank Zappa before moving in a very bizarre (and messy) jazzy section that perhaps lasts one minute too long for my liking.  For some reason, despite the fact the saxophone is perhaps playing in the messiest and most obnoxious way possible, I keep wanting to hear more of it.  Directly behind the sax jam however, lies the trademark weirdness of the band, that being... however you wanna interpret it, haha.    \\"Amygdala\\" is REALLY interesting to me.  The intro to the song reminds me of death for some reason.  It's quiet, soothing, and yet, very evil sounding.  But that's just one moment out of a LOT because the song has like, possibly hundreds of musical ideas shooting around in a bunch of different directions, many of them very fascinating.  This is truly something else.  My mood feels like it changes as well, because I'm really into what these guys are doing.      Track four, the seven minute \\"Teenbeat\\", is probably the most melodic of the entire album, with instrumental sections that are carefully created and quite good in fact.      When the \\"Teenbeat (Reprise)\\" kicks in on side two, oh my GOODNESS!  You experience some of the greatest and most explosive fusion/jazz you've heard since... the Mahavishnu Orchestra.  This kind of guitar playing is intense with an exclamation point.  It makes Frank Zappa take notice.  It also wouldn't be out of place on Santana's Caravanserai album either.     WOW, are you feeling the same thing as me in the beginning of \\"The Tenth Chaffinch\\"?  What IS that in the beginning that lasts 45 seconds?  It almost sounds like high-pitched female vocals quietly sailing through my speakers, like Tinkerbell drifting down from a shooting star.  I don't think those are vocals, but whatever they are, let's just say the song scares the living heck out of me.  It reminds me of being lost in a forest, finally finding an opening in the trees where I can see the sky, then a short time later I begin to hear these strange pleasant sounds all around me, and then I see the sky turn dark and evil a few seconds later.  What happens after that is unknown, just like the adventurous aspect of this album- you just don't know what to think about it most of the time.      The final track has some vocals that remind me of early King Crimson with bizarre rhythm sections that well, remind me of an action scene involving kings in some way, haha.  I love it.  Scratch that last part- kings in an action scene?  Nah, more like... something my brain hasn't discovered yet.      I recommend fans of King Crimson, Frank Zappa and Gentle Giant check out these guys.  I think you'll be mighty impressed.  Like improvised King Crimson jams?  You'll love this.
B0014VPFTA|5.0|If you are a fan of John Mayer you own this cd. If you are a new fan of John's WELCOME!! Enjoy the ride. John Mayer is the Stevie Ray Vaughn for our generation. He is the musical giant of his time. You will be blown away.
B0012GN47C|4.0|First of all, what a BEAUTIFUL album cover!  Very hypnotic, colorful and absolutely *perfect* for a Santana album.  My favorite album cover the band ever released.    This is probably the point where Santana started running out of musical ideas. However, a few of the songs are quite memorable. But there's a certain predictable nature to the songwriting that began right here. All of a sudden I can predict what direction Santana is going to take a few of these songs thanks to... well to be honest, thanks to the fact that Borboletta can't be topped. Amigos is a letdown compared to that masterpiece.     However, I can still enjoy this album *almost* on the same level as the other ones. His guitar playing was just too darn good to be ignored, that's why.     Also, the album DOES have some classics. The hypnotic \\"Dance Sister Dance\\", which to this day still amazes me when the melody suddenly changes direction and becomes incredibly spooky during the second half. Perhaps the coolest song Santana ever wrote, seriously. The rest of the album unfortunately isn't in the same league. \\"Europa (Earth's Cry Heaven's Smile)\\" is partially memorable for the emotional guitar playing, however ignoring the predictability in the guitar playing (especially in the opening lines which SCREAMS of yucky blandness) is impossible, especially for those who've experienced Santana's more challenging/interesting brand of guitar work from his previous albums.     \\"Gitano\\" is split between Spanish vocals and jazzy keyboards- the jazz portions obviously similar to something form his Welcome album. I admit the song is perhaps two or three minutes overlong, however because it never progresses into anything else, 6 minutes of the same repetition is overkill. \\"Let Me\\" features a fast-paced boogie type of R&B/funk jam. It's a pretty good song. Reminds me of Bruce Springsteen's \\"The E. Street Shuffle\\". I wish the chorus wasn't so repetitive though- that's a drawback.  However there's a part at the end whena melodic guitar line follows along to the chorus for a few seconds, and I LOVE it!    \\"Take Me With You\\" is my second favorite song. It takes Santana's latin style and combines it with some crunchy guitar and keyboard work, and it's totally reminiscent of his work with John McLaughlin.  Take the intensity of \\"Flame Sky\\", lower it a few notches, and shorten it drastically.   It's like that.  The second half of the song accurately displays Santana's mellow/emotional guitar skills with equally enjoyable results. Then we come across a song like \\"Let It Shine\\" which is a unique song to say the least. It's funky, and the vocals remind me of Stevie Wonder. I originally didn't like it, but playing it again on this steamy hot summer morning gives me a fresher perspective. The vocals are acually really good and spiritual, though don't expect it to sound *anything* like the Santana you've heard up to this point.  \\"Tell Me Are You Tired\\" is a bland, uninteresting attempt at the soul genre.  However, it's saved with a *spectacular* keyboard jam near the end.  This jam is actually better than most of Santana's Welcome album, even though the vocals surely are not.    Overall, I like it, but it's far from flawless and a minor disappointment in comparison to Santana's work from his first album until Borboletta.
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|I love this blue ray disc  queen at his best performace  recomended sound is crispy good ,and grsphic's are super clear.
B00022LRXA|5.0|Some people believe this is one of the greatest pop albums of the 70's, and who am I to argue?  Not only because I can't argue, but because I love the music on here, a LOT.  Pop writing perfection.  Every vocal melody, every instrumental bit.  Exceptionally solid songwriting.  Brian Eno had something good going here, and this album deserves to be remembered for all the great vocal melodies.
0743487583|4.0|I bought this for my son for a school reading assignment.  He did not like the book at all.  Me, on the other hand, I liked it.  I read it years & years ago but I enjoyed it the 2nd time around.
6305907145|4.0|Jane Austen has always been one of my favorite authors. I feel that she provides a good picture of the society and manners of the period. I have read and reread her books and have viewed as many versions of the movies made about her books as I can. This is the best version of Mansfield Park I have seen. It is a fairly close to the book.
B000IJ7Q32|5.0|I have been following the many trends on ecology, politics, and economics for many years.  I'll admit I'm a complete pessimist in regards to human nature.  Yet Diamond's book gives me a bit of hope that the message of stewardship vs resource consumption may be considered in a systematic way.  My hope derives (ironically) from the well-researched conclusion that without a change of course, our planet's ruling class will soon face political/economic unrest resulting from widespread starvation, disease, and death.      Diamond presents overwhelming evidence from the past and current state of affairs to support this idea, without sounding preachy.  The bummer is that in the past, rulers insulated themselves from the unrest rather than addressing societal problems, until it was far too late.  The dying masses eventually revolted and killed the rulers along with their neighbors.  Perhaps through this book (and others like it), those in power today will absorb this lesson and try to avoid the grisly finale.    The scholarship of the book is excellent, as is the writing; later chapters are somewhat more speculative about the eventual impact of humans.  Some of the later chapters have a bit of a redundant feel too, as if the author makes his point a few too many times.  Yet this is easily the most thoughtful book I've read on a very important topic: what happens when a society becomes it's own worst enemy due to shortsighted policy and a relatively comfortable existence based primarily on depletion of natural resources and ignorance of waste.    I recommend this book more than any other I've read in several years; it is well written, scholarly, and compelling.  Enough said. You owe it to yourself to read it, and then pass along the recommendation.
B000HWZ4CA|5.0|I found the 2 disk set of Sgt York a very good buy. The second disk is as good as the movie itself. I as a gun collector and a historian found some flaws in the movie itself. He did not use a 1903 Springfield he used a M-1917 Enfield Rifle that fired a 30-06 bullet and he did not use a German Luger he used a M-1911 Colt 45 Cal automatic Pistol.Sgt York consulted on this movie and I cannot figure out why he did not correct these mistakes.Anyone interested in Sgt York should get the July 2007 issue of Armchair General Magazine and look at Battlefield Detective they have visited the actual site and confirmed the actual fete of Sgt. York. He is indeed a hero and he ranks right up there with Audie Murphy who was a Medal of Honor Winner in WW II. I would recommend the movie Sgt York to anyone.
1594201749|5.0|John Carlin's wonderful book further illustrates the sheer genius of Nelson Mandela, the politician.  For those of us who predicted that apartheid in South Africa could only end in a bloody deluge, \\"Playing the Enemy\\" proves that miracles are possible when even just one man who holds a position of moral authority is determined to avert disaster.
B000RZGFYS|5.0|What else can I say?  Simply THE definitive Thrash album of all time.  Reborn is the only track I consider less than 5 stars on this one.
0670018651|5.0|Having loved perfume my whole life I found this book fascinating. Yes, there are many negative comments but it's the first time I ever read a review of perfumes that actually expressed anything but over the top compliments for every fragrance and manufacturer.  I honestly learned a lot about what it takes to create a good fragrance and I've been trying some of the ones they recommended, especially the classics that I never considered buying before.  So far I've been pleased with every choice (Shalimar, Angel, several Estee Lauder scents) and have enjoyed the experience.
B000002KHH|5.0|This is the earliest LP that I would truly call \\"Heavy Metal,\\" although there were shades of what was to come (NIB) on Sabbath's self titled debut.  As someone raised on speed metal, I didn't think I would enjoy the plodding pace of most of the songs on this work (except Paranoid itself), but I was pleasantly surprised.  Iommi's sinister riffs manage benefit from the plodding pace and need to be at 200 bpm to be \\"heavy.\\"    As much as Rubber Soul and Desperado, this CD should be in the library of any serious music fan, not just metal fans.
B0017ZB8M6|4.0|So I love Katy Perry's new album....every song is deep and meaningful. She is an excellent writer and her amazing singing skills come out in every song. I love the variations in her voice and style. Every song shows another side of her.
B0019FOC5E|3.0|In this era of full cast recordings and double Cds (ie Hairspray,Dreamgirls)_that features ALL music from a movie, why are so many tracks from the movie missing? Especially the big showy cast numbers at the end of the film?????? I mean the movie and the music are hardly music theatre masterpieces, but if you want to buy a soundtrack CD these days, one expects the whole movie on the soundtrack, with one disc CDs running to 73 minutes this 60 odd minute job is very disappointing from this perspective.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was a rollercoaster of emotions and action, making it a great ride from beginning to end. I liked how Stephenie Meyer addressed loose ends in this book. My favorite chapter was \\"New\\", in which Bella makes her transformation. This book was an awesome conclusion to a wonderful series and has inspired me to write!
031606792X|3.0|My daughter ordered this book and could not wait for it to get here. She finished it in less then 2 days. She said it was not as good as the other books and she was a little disapointed with it.
0316067601|5.0|One of the most phenomenal books I have ever read. It's almost hard to believe that it's real. I highly recommend this book to anyone.
031606792X|1.0|I think I'm still in shock.  I just cannot believe that the author who wrote Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse wrote this book.  I'm sad to say that this book ruined the series for me.  I wish that I had never read it.
0425170349|4.0|This is the first Clancy book I've read. I really like it. Great story with great attention to detail and knowledge of military specifics.    Though I enjoyed reading it, I knew that in the end the good guys would win but I was hoping that it would have been a little more substantive than it was. I guess, taking out the eco-terrorists was all just a little too easy for my liking. Still, very fun to read. Despite its length, the read is also very fast.
031606792X|5.0|I didn't get my book right away and my husband warned me that there was A LOT of negative feedback over Breaking Dawn. I was apprehensive to start the book because I loved the first three so much (Twilight by far my favorite!) that I couldn't bear to be let down. And now...here I am asking...What is all the fuss about???     I LOVED Breaking Dawn. I am a 35 year old woman with a 3 year old daughter of my own. I am not a 15 year old teeny booper who thinks that having sex, getting pregnant, married and not going to college is the ideal life style. I do not think that money grow on trees and we all live happily ever after...but that's why I read books!     I AM glad that Bella got everything. I still love Bella, Edward, Jacob, and the rest of the Cullen Clan. I have even fallen for baby Renesmee. I am glad that Bella was allowed to become a mother even when it wasn't something that she wanted. I think there was an important message that the book DID get across...with Bella marrying Edward...with her having the baby...that sometimes, things that we don't know or think we want can be the most wonderful and powerful and happy things in our lives.     I don't think there was anything wrong with Jacob imprinting on the baby. It was even noted how Bella needed him around while she was pregnant. That desire was because of the baby that was inside her...he hadn't even seen the child and the attraction between the two SOULS was already in existence. I don't see it as pedophilia at all. I think that is just ignorant and juvenile thinking.     I am happy with the way everything worked out. I enjoyed Bella finding out how her power worked. I loved that at the end she was able to show Edward her mind...I thought that talked alot about the bond between them...her strength, her trust, her love. I would have liked to see a fight and the end of the Volruri, but come on...she left us with so many characters and places for furture novels to go that even without Edward and Bella as the main characters, they can pop up all over the place. And we have the future of Renesmee to look forward to, too.    People...it is a fairy tale....it's about werewolves and vampires...things that go bump in the night. It is not meant to be realistic. It is not meant to convey some deep, meaningful message. It is a STORY...meant to entertain and thrill. It did just that for me. I get so wrapped up in Bella and Edward and their lives that I can't put the book down. And now that it's over and I have moved onto my next book, I keep wishing it was still Bella and Edward I was reading about.     I have read many reviews condemning Bella. People don't like her character, say she's weak, boring, etc. I thin she's a great character. Very human and real to life. Even in her vampire form, she's more HUMAN than some people I know. She is down to earth, sarcastic, witty, fragile and weak yet strong and determined. She is so niave and smart at the same time. Her nature is so dualistic, that's why it's so hard for her to choose between Jacob and Edward. But in the end, there is always that ONE that is yours...the one your heart...your mind can't do without and that is her Edward. And I have to admit....that I have read a lot of books in my time, and I have yet to come across a character tha I LOVE as much as Edward. His character is without any flaw, as I see it. He is loving, caring, fierce, determined, cold and calculated, yet one of the warmest characters ever. His tortured mind and heart make you love him all the more.     I can't complain about this book in the least. I will reread it over and over again, as all the other books in the series. I say \\"Well Done, Ms. Meyer! You can't make everyone happy...so don't try.\\"
B0018QCXGY|5.0|this film was extraordinarily well done. It keeps the adrenaline ramped up from start to finish. You simply must check this film out!
0307265730|5.0|There are no happy endings , yet it is not all sad.I completely enjoyed it.
B0019IB26I|4.0|This is a really good live CD.  If you have ever seen John Mayer in concert then you know he puts on a great show.  This is a CD that shows his true talents, and displays a blues side you do not usually get to experience on the radio.
B00005JM02|3.0|I had purchased this one because my 3 year old twins decided to snap the previous one that we had. The packaging was okay shape, definitely no worse than the packaging my old one had already been in. The back side of the DVD was pretty smudgy, when I took it out. Just thought to myself- \\"wow, they didnt even attempt to wipe it off first\\". I was able to rub all the smudges out and it played perfectly fine. Overall I was pretty satisfied with it. It played long enough to get me through dinner preperation, so hey, you're a-ok with me.
B00005O3VC|5.0|C'mon!  You all know about this movie!!!  I only bought it b/c I wanted to own one of the classics!
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is hard work but an awesome workout. I followed this video and lost over 10 inches!! I would recommend this video to anyone who is ready to make a change and work for it! I love this video. Anyone can do this video, just push through it. There are modified versions of almost every move. Just keep going.
B000VWE5OY|5.0|I had not seen the show on TV, but heard good things about it. Bought the dvd and was not disappointed. Imaginative and fun. Will purchase Season 2 very soon.
B000E6UK5K|5.0|This is the best solo album from Dave Gilmour to date. Being an avid Floyd fan, i expected a Floyd continuation and was pleasantly surprised by a very mellow Gilmour, who is reflecting on his life and where he is musically today. A fine album with Crosby and Nash contributing to some beautifull three part harmony. Also add Phil Manzanera ( from Roxy Musis), on guitar and you have a beautifull album with lovely melodies.  Buy it!!!
B0002F7I9Y|5.0|Here written are many magnificent Kudos for this CD and I would just like to add a few comments from the casual listener who has always enjoyed Ray Charles from the living room armchair with much awe and many goose-bumps.  As the final work of this great artist whose name is synonymous with greatness, I am hard pressed to find a single flaw in this collection.  On many occasions I have popped this CD into the home or car player and just let it run its course as many as two or three times without changing it out.  The recordings have a dynamic sound that fills your body and soul with music of the spheres, whether it's orchestra, choir, or bald-faced blues guitars and jazzed up Pie-Anna's.  Every supple nuance and phrase of every note is captured rich and pure by the producers and engineers, and Ray's voice and those of his guests have never sounded more real, more up close and personal and standing in your living room.  Some folks say digital doesn't sound \\"real\\".  Well the staff at HEAR Music and Phil Ramone and John Burk in particular have made sure this experience is as real as it gets.  I give Production on this CD album a whopping \\"10\\" for perfection!<br /><br />And now to the music:<br /><br />Of particular note I'd like to call out Here We Go Again with Norah Jones, Sinner's Prayer with BB King and Heaven Help Us All with Gladys Knight.  On all three tracks, Billy Preston fills in every gap and wash with that glorious Hammond B3, most especially Here We Go Again where Ray calls on him for a standout solo piece.  The holy keyboard trinity of Ray, Norah, and Billy, interchanging their delights on this track is well worth the price of CD alone.  It welcomes you into the program, slaps you in the face with loving licks, and sets you down for an evening of joyful entertainment.  On Sinner's Prayer, Ray reminds us once again that he could blues- and jazz-jam on the piano like no one else.  To the very end, Ray never lost his touch and his piano answers every blues-guitar lick that BB can dish out, and answers it with the polish and splayed-finger amazement that only Ray was capable of.  Lastly, if it isn't enough having the TRUE pop diva herself, Gladys Knight, exchanging prayers with Ray Charles, on a disc; if that isn't enough for you, glory and bask in the glow of Gladys' tremendous gospel choir, accented at every step with the Reverend Billy Preston giving us what God Gave him!  Ray and Billy are together right now tickling the keys in eternity and awaiting the Glory Band of this generation.<br /><br />Those three were my \\"Holy\\" tracks but someone else might revel in the delight of James Taylor and Ray delivering up JT's Sweet Potato Pie with funked up brass and lead guitar jabs back and forth by Ray's amazing band.  Or you might just want to bathe in Diana Krall's sultry You Don't Know Me, I wonder if Ray got the miracle of sight on that one!  Ray and Elton John exchange piano leads and stanzas on Elton's immortal Sorry Seems To Be The Hardest Word, but when Ray and Natalie Cole get the Fever, it's blistering!<br /><br />My favorite track after the three I mentioned above initially is Do I Ever Cross Your Mind with Bonnie Raitt.  Bonnie's slide and Ray's piano work together to form a pure piece of art that captures the heart and soul of both artists.  While Ray and Diana found vocal compatibility and sensuality on You Don't Know Me, Ray and Bonnie get down and dirty instrumentally on this track, and Bonnie gets downright \\"wicked\\" (read the liner notes folks) sliding through Ray's accompaniment.<br /><br />If you are hard core Ray Charles fan you won't be reading this, but if you are a casual fan, or even a sometimes fan, take note:  as a whole product, this is one of the best \\"albums\\" Ray ever made and he has made tons.<br /><br />This is not your usual run of the mill obligatory get some stars together with a big name and slop the hogs for some cash \\"duets\\" album (like quite a few I can name).  This album was made with loving care, at the invitation of Ray himself with the artists he cared about and deeply wanted to collaborate with.  This project was close to his heart and was not a slick-product for the marketing monkeys.  So if you are holding off because you have had enough of those \\"Duets\\" titled CD's and are sick of picking out two or three winners from the dozen or more songs proffered, then hold off no more.  Just look at the artists listed, if they are to your liking, you will get nothing but their best performances here.  If you love Ray, but are iffy on the partners involved, let me tell you, they were great with Mr. Charles, each and every one of them.  The CD runs the gamut from soft and sentimental orchestral Ray (Johnny Mathis and Willie Nelson) to finger-snapping pop-jazz Ray (JT and Natalie Cole) to Motown Ray (Michael McDonald) to Smooth Ray (Norah, Diana, Van Morrison) to signature blues Ray (BB King, Bonnie) and gospel Ray (Gladys) and tearful Ray (Elton).  If variety is the spice of your life and you like excellently produced and recorded music, Genius Loves Company will be your cup of tea.  It is pure Genius!h the artists he cared about and deeply wanted to collaborate with.  This project was close to his heart and was not a slick-product for the marketing monkeys.  So if you are holding off because you have had enough of those \\"Duets\\" titled CD's and are sick of picking out two or three winners from the dozen or more songs proffered, then hold off no more.  Just look at the artists listed, if they are to your liking, you will get nothing but their best performances here.  If you love Ray, but are iffy on the partners involved, let me tell you, they were great with Mr. Charles, each and every one of them.  The CD runs the gamut from soft and sentimental orchestral Ray (Johnny Mathis and Willie Nelson) to finger-snapping pop-jazz Ray (JT and Natalie Cole) to Motown Ray (Michael McDonald) to Smooth Ray (Norah, Diana, Van Morrison) to signature blues Ray (BB King, Bonnie) and gospel Ray (Gladys) and tearful Ray (Elton).  If variety is the spice of your life and you like excellently produced and recorded music, Genius Loves Company will be your cup of tea.  It is pure Genius!
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Another in the husky voiced femmes, but unlike Amy Winehouse, I feel Duffy has some talent that she won't throw away.  All of the songs made me want to listen to the CD again.  Looking forward to her next CD.
0143038583|5.0|This is a fascinating book on how we eat, how our food companies feed us and how the ruthless business efficiency of corporations has created an expoitative food chain with tremendous social, economic, environmental, health and moral problems for us now to resolve. Michael Pollen describes the genesis of four meals and how government policies, marketing by food corporations, restaurants and insatiable demands by the consumer has created this unsustainable food chain in which every one is suffering:the land, the animals, environment, the consumer. As epidemics of obesity, type II diabetes, heart disease and cancer rage in America everybody is searching for an answer. Unfortunately Michael Pollen's book does not succinctly provide that answer (although it does make some oblique reference to it)     Homo sapiens came out of the jungles about 10,000 years ago and started agriculture and domesticating animals, but for millions of years before we were hunter-gatherers. Males hunted animals and failed nine out of ten times and the family survived on whatever the female and children gathered with their bare hands: fruits, roots, seeds, succulent leaves. So how does this biologic omnivore become an industrial age carnivore eating meat at each and every meal? and how did we end up eating far more than we need to? We have been eating meat for ages, but meat was expensive until the beginning of 20th century. We ate predominantly a relatively unprocessed plant based diet with some meat every now and then. People did physical hard work to earn a living and used up the calories they consumed. There was no significant heart disease in the 19th century.  So the real dilemma is how to turn this gluttonous carnivore back into a true biologic omnivore. This book highlights that vexing issue of today.  That is my take from this book.
031606792X|3.0|I've been reading the reviews, and for the most part, I think people are a bit too hard on Stephenie.  The Twilight series is not great literature, and it wasn't written to be great literature.  The books are a lot of fun to read, though.  I work as an editor, so I had to shut off the critical part of my brain, but once I did I thoroughly enjoyed this series.      I do think the book failed to live up to its potential.  Every conflict ended without a fight.  Everything was too easy.  It was also incredibly open-ended for the final book.  I think that last major fight needed to happen.  After all, as is the big bad guys get to go back to doing evil things, but it's okay because the good guys survive uninjured.      So, yes, I was disappointed, but I still enjoyed it.      I also really wish that people who aren't even in the book's demographic would stop getting upset about possible morals that could be gleaned from this or how it may be hurting the children.  It's a book, people.  Bella does not represent how all teenagers should act, and the results of her actions are not universal.  I think that 13-19 year olds can recognize this.
B0013LL2Z2|4.0|This film is enjoyable to watch as a straightforward sci-fi chase adventure. However, it has much more to offer - as a possible future for mankind where a \\"utopian\\", closed, domed city has imposed death at 30 in order to keep \\"balance\\" - one dies, one is born (or reborn, as the system would have you believe). It follows the story of Logan 5 (Michael York) as a sandman (someone who kills \\"runners\\" - people that attempt to live beyond \\"lastday\\") and Jessica 6 (the beautiful Jenny Agutter) as they try to find \\"sanctuary\\". Importantly, they also find their adventure bonds them in a truly loving relationship, something they never experienced in a city of free love. Their journey also earns them a freedom they don't expect, and an exposure to discomfort and danger they find truly alarming. Is it all worth it? Peter Ustinov does a great job as the \\"old man\\".    The DVD is of good quality, and there is a nice commentary by the directory and Michael York. Apparently this was the first film to use holograms. It was originally shot in Todd AO.
B001A3AA0G|1.0|I seriously don't understand the hype over these guys.  There is nothing new or groundbreaking in the folk-esque genre on this cd.  Actually it is uncomplex, and boring.  Is this one of those bands like M.I.A. that the indie blogs and websites throw around just to see if we as consumers will actually buy anything they give 5 stars too?  Music is supposed to make you feel and I am not feeling it at all.  Go listen to Band of Horses, Animal Collective or anything else for that matter because this thing sucks.
1600241824|5.0|The author performs a gripping series of four live recordings of a new book of essays which discusses everything from neurotic songbirds and how to soundproof windows against them using old LP covers to observations of everyday life. WHEN YOU ARE ENGULFED IN FLAMES will appeal to a wide audience, from prior fans of Sedaris to those who appreciate social commentary and humor, and is a pick for any general-interest audio collection.<br /><br />Diane C. Donovan<br />California Bookwatch
B000ZOXDG4|4.0|If you are a fan of the first movie, this movie will not disappoint.  Cate delivers a wonderful, performance of a queen who must fight her vanity and growing jealousy of those able to lead regular lives and a woman who serves as a mother to her country leading them to one of the most remarkable and important military victories (against Spain) in English history.
B0011QC9U6|4.0|This has got to be one of the best HD DVD's I own.  The story of Beowulf is well known, and most high school students have read back during my time.  This is a great animated version that features stars like Angelina Jolie and Anthony Hopkins.  The HD Version is crisp and well worth the extra expenditure of cash.  The story is very simple to follow, of a King who has brought a curse upon the Danish Kingdom, and the hero Beowulf comes to save him.  However, the boisterous Beowulf gets caught up in his own image and by saving the kingdom may also bring it's demise. Can Beowulf redeem himself. It is a lesson in humility and following through.  Watch the movie to see how this story is going to play out, and be amazed by the realistic graphics also.
B00007AJGH|4.0|I am a huge fan of Roger Rabbit! It was great ordering products from this company. Not only did I get it in one piece but it still had all the origional stuff inside. I will definately order from this company again.. Thank you!!!
B00140PK6O|5.0|Let me make something perfectly clear, OK? I'm a guy. Like most guys, my favorite kind of movie has plenty of action, with fights, car chases, explosions, hot babes, and violence, with a little blood or gore sprinkled in. So why did I give this one five stars? Let me try to explain.<br /><br />Going in, your typical red-blooded American male might be put off a bit; judging by it's cover, Cranford appears to be just another in a long line of boring English bonnet romances, full of people in wigs and weird clothes sitting around in parlours talking to each other. If you're looking for a testosterone-fueled trip through hell, a la Tarantino, Peckinpah or Woo, you might be disappointed. I waited and waited, but I could find not one fist fight, stabbing, shooting, rape, steamy sex scene, unexposed nipple or horrible murder in the whole dang thing!<br /><br />But gents, don't automatically dismiss this one: if you look, you will find a surprising amount of death, gore and violence: in one scene, a kid smashes in the skull of a defenseless rabbit. In another, a cat pukes up some hand-knit lace. And then a cow falls into a lime pit and gets all it's hide burned off. So I guess you could say that animals have a tough time in this miniseries.<br /><br />But the people have some rough patches as well. In the first twenty minutes the young carpenter Jem falls from a ladder and suffers a compound fracture of his right forearm, which is pretty gruesome. You wouldn't think that there would be many deaths in this one either, but it seems like people are keeling over every other minute. A very young kid dies of croup, a crippled young woman dies of who knows what, one of the main characters, Deborah Jenkyns (Eileen Atkins), strokes out, and the great Michael Gambon's character, the lovelorn Mr. Holbrook, contracts pneumonia and bites it before he has a chance to marry his long lost love, Mattie Jenkyns ((there is nothin' like a DAME) Judy Dench). The local shopkeeper Mr. Johnson is clubbed on the back of his head and robbed. A family of squatters is forced to live in abject squalor while the father must poach game to keep his family from starvation.<br /><br />There is a top-notch \\"babe\\" in the series too. Kimberly Nixon plays the young daughter of the local parson. She is a \\"pretty as a picture\\" actress, first-rate eye candy, a perfect rosy-cheeked beauty seemingly born for this type of film, who will have a long and very bright future in the many inevitable English period romances to be produced over the next ten years. I hoped and prayed for a scene of her swimming naked in a sylvan lake or even a brief glimpse of her in the boudoir, but alas it never happened. I guess you will have to use your imagination.<br /><br />Another huge negative: it appeared there were no \\"pavement princesses\\" or brothels in the town of Cranford. Or they chose not to show us. Damn!<br /><br />Nor were there coach chases, bloody shootouts, pub brawls, adulterers, adulteresses or dispicable villains in Cranford.<br /><br />However, you do get a lot of humor, color, poignancy, romance, emotion, beauty, magnificent costumes, fabulous photography, and wonderful character development and acting. With all that, I guess I can overlook the absence of fist fights and sex. I hate to admit that; it's not very manly of me, but it's true. Cranford did not suck.f his head and robbed. A family of squatters is forced to live in abject squalor while the father must poach game to keep his family from starvation.     There is a top-notch \\"babe\\" in the series too. Kimberly Nixon plays the young daughter of the local parson. She is a \\"pretty as a picture\\" actress, first-rate eye candy, a perfect rosy-cheeked beauty seemingly born for this type of film, who will have a long and very bright future in the many inevitable English period romances to be produced over the next ten years. I hoped and prayed for a scene of her swimming naked in a sylvan lake or even a brief glimpse of her in the boudoir, but alas it never happened. I guess you will have to use your imagination.     Another huge negative: it appeared there were no \\"pavement princesses\\" or brothels in the town of Cranford. Or they chose not to show us. Damn!    Nor were there coach chases, bloody shootouts, pub brawls, adulterers, adulteresses or dispicable villains in Cranford.     However, you do get a lot of humor, color, poignancy, romance, emotion, beauty, magnificent costumes, fabulous photography, and wonderful character development and acting. With all that, I guess I can overlook the absence of fist fights and sex. I hate to admit that; it's not very manly of me, but it's true. Cranford did not suck.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Perhaps not as historically accurate as some would like, but I still thought they did an exceptional job of potraying both the events of the period and the lives of John and Abigail Adams.
031606792X|5.0|Call me shallow but I absolutely loved this book. I had to wait two extra days for it to be available in Australia and must confess that I did cheat and look at the blogs and spoilers for the book.  Having read the book with this in mind I honestly do not understand what everyone is going on about. It is fantasy and a love story, we are suppose to have a happy ending. What says that people can not have everything they want, Bella did not really want a child yet once one was on the way she (like many women the world over) did everything she could to protect the child and would have given her life for the child to survive. The explanation as to how or why Bella could become pregnant was feasible in my find (come on, its fiction and how many movies do you watch knowing it is more than impossible but we suspend our belief for a while).  Edward was no different to what he has been all through the books, greatly in love will Bella and hopeless to do anything about it. I think in some way that we all wish for someone to love us this much and to be willing to give their lives for each other. If you think back to many older couples (WW1 and WW2 era) they often don't survive the death of their spouse, how is this different?  Although I do think it is kind of weird with Jacob imprinting on the daughter of Bella and maybe the most contrived part of the whole book I still did not see it as a yuk moment as it is not sexual at all and gives new meaning to the idea of soul mates.    I can not wait for the new book from Edward's point of view to come out as I am looking forward to seeing what the school thought of Bella and how he fell madly in love with Bella so fast.    I have never liked books that are romances that do not have happy endings, although I am way over 13 and the book is not complicated I found it to be a really entertaining read, I think it touched that part of me that still wants to believe in happy endings and that love like the old days still exists.  I know I amdevoted to my husband and family and in a nut shell it is what the book is all about, love, family and friends and how they stick together.
B00008EY65|4.0|Not your run-of-the-mill comic book/superhero movie, Guillermo del Toro's Hellboy has more in common with monster-fantasies like the Mummy, Van Helsing and mythological classics like Clash of the Titans. In this case, those hoping for an X-Men style action flick might find themselves perplexed or even disappointed. But del Toro knows what he's doing, he creates a stunning world of labyrinthine tunnels populated by the most remarkable, fanciful creatures. del Toro's monsters surpass anything dreamed up by M. Night Shyamalan or anyone else in Hollywood these days. Yet the actors who portray them manage to make such alien creatures familiar and sympathetic.<br /><br />It's rare to find a director with vision so unique, as well as a great story to tell. And the story of Hellboy is a fantastic tale suffused with wry humor and an epic battle between good and evil, choice and destiny, sin and redemption at its core.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|I'm writing this review right after I have finished watching it, and I can only say that I have no word to describe the movie but disaster. It's very boring but the speacial effects are good though.   The movie is about an attack of some monsters in Manhattan and there is a guy that records with his camera the whole thing. I know that there are several movies like this and they really called my attention at the time I saw them (even when I'm not a fan of science fiction movies) I liked them.  The cover really says something completely different of what the movie is. Another thing that I must say about the movie is that it desesperates a little bit because the image is not steady, it is always shaking and you can't see the scenes very good.  If you are a disaster movie fan maybe you can like this one but if you're not I doubt you are going to like it.
1563894696|5.0|The Batman Universe has always had a film-noir feel, and never more so or to better advantage than in Loeb & Sale's epic urban nightmare, The Long Halloween. A new supervillain has emerged from the underbelly of Gotham, a villain who strikes on each of the major holidays. The killer's motives are as dark and complicated as the streets of Gotham, is he in league with the crime families of Gotham or against them? Is there a method in his madness? The artwork is stellar as usual, and the storyline is as strong and intricate as anything by the great mystery writers like Hammett or Chandler.
B0019MU6HU|5.0|This book continues Nikki's story. If you read the Dirt then you should read this. Big insight on how Vanity was, I think that is the biggest shock. Always heard about her drug use but never read about it and she is not revisiting her past so this is the closest we will ever get.     It also shows how Motley almost did not survive. Nikki is a great songwriter and has proven to be an excellent author. It is just amazing that he had the insight to keep a dairy.     The Dirt and this should be made into a movie.
031606792X|5.0|The novel suprise me more than ever. At first I was expecting it to just be about Edward and Bella's life after she has change... Even though I love the whole novel I think Stephanie kind of rush it toward the ending during the fight. I guess there is no other way to compromise with the Volturi... I really like Jacob little happy ending, it was kind of cute.     One of the part in the novel that affect me most was after Bella gave birth to Nessie. I really thought that she was really going to die and the rest to the novel would be about Edward's struggle to except Bella's death and love Nessie with all his heart. I was crying my head off at that point because it seem kind of right to give the series a bittersweet ending. I was so happy that Stephanie didn't end it the way I thought she would. Her happy ending didn't really seem realistic but I was very very content with it.
0316168815|5.0|I stole this book from the stairs of a friend, and had it read curled on my side, hair greasy and unwashed, waiting for Susie to let herself die. I was crying by the first chapter.     I thought it a stroke of brilliance that Sebold used an idea of C.S. Lewis's 'Great Divorce' hell as her heaven (I had always thought I'd prefer his hell to his heaven, I'd like something solitary, a cabin in the clouds where I can't see anyone, but those I choose as my own family).     Susie's narrative voice was in many ways unbelievably clear, she saw things outside of herself and I would have liked to see more of the loss in death and emotion. But this is Sebold's story, and she wrote primarily about the gain in death, what happened on earth after, and dwelt less on what happened in heaven. For me, I saw the loss of Susie through her desires fulfilled in heaven, not through her voice, which came across as independent of someone with vested interest in what happened on earth.     I loved this book, from beginning to end, the ending is as peaceful as the beginning is terrible. Read it. I recommend it.
B000WCDI5K|5.0|By all, I mean me and my two kids. I am 66 and first purchase was Be Bop A Lula by Gene Vincent and that is a good enough measure of me, my daughter is 35 and still enjoys the Doors, my son is 24 and Mark E. Smith's The Fall is the best band in the world - whatever its personnel consists of at any given time. I tell you this because if Sawdust is acceptable to the three of us it should go down well with the majority. Most of all, the band members are a tight team rather each performing a little bit apart from the rest. Distinctive enough to stand out from the here today, gone tonight rubbish ensembles - the CD is well worth my money.
031606792X|5.0|In this book, I had to take multiple breaks just to let the emotional impact sink in.     It was simply a fantastic finale to an incredible series.    The quality of this book and series should not be measured by the \\"messages\\" or \\"morals\\" but by the way it grips you and gives you shivers.    I connected to the characters--though unrealistic--and even got really angry at Bella. Meyer's innovative use of character's allowed me to overlook the slow beginning and the lack of plot for the 1st part. Meyer, herself, has said that she considers herself a storyteller--not a great literary genius.    So if you can look past the minor grammatical errors and can bask in the emotional appeal then you will find Breaking Dawn very satisfying and well worth many rereads.
B000Z27HLS|5.0|This film adaptation of Northanger Abbey has been a long time coming for any true Janeite.  It was absolutely dripping with the very charm and wit of Miss Austen herself, and maintained the integrity of the text.  A dash of British humour, a gleam of gothic fright, and a full cup of the endearing romance from the Regency Era.      Cheers!
B0018O4YT0|4.0|Really cool movie, I was waiting for this edition long time ago, great sound and footage never seen before, got the director's comentary and some good extras as well, is a sci-fi movie that you must own!
B00005YU1O|5.0|[[ASIN:B00005YU1O Waking Life]]  This movie is surreal.  It is captured in real life via a hand held camera, then it was sent to six different artists to create their own style of animation over the live action.  The styles are all unique, giving the viewer amazing views of interations between the main character and his many acquaintances in his dream/real(?) world. The animation is the very best visual reprsentation of what I can remember of hallucinations on LSD from 40 years ago.  It's amazing.  The movie has some much to offer that you need to see it over and over again to catch the many insightful thoughts presented.  Be sure to put the English captions on to catch all of the clever wording.  You will either love this movie, or hate it.  I loved it.
B00006AUIG|4.0|I wasn't going to write a review for this film but having read some of the negative (and I thought, in some cases, incredibly unjust) reviews, I felt I needed to.  Into what category (horror, psychological thriller, drama) Session 9 can be placed, I don't know and, frankly, I can care less because, ultimately, it doesn't make a lick of difference.  Yes, the movie is not for those who love their movies to be both obvious and engender immediate gratification.  In this film, the slow and methodical pacing pays off dividends in the end.  Just listening to the taped psychiatric sessions was enough to make my skin crawl and we know from the get go that Danvers is an incredibly haunted place and not in the spectral sense; however, something vicious and relentless broods and waits within those walls.  The movie is a bit on the slow side, I'll give you that and there are times when you feel like yelling \\"speed it up\\" but, again, it's deliberate pace allows the fear and vulnerability to torment the characters in a far more sadistic manner than if the movie were a rush job.  I notice some people mention that they like David Caruso's work on TV but not me.  As I rule, I dislike this gentleman's acting style something awful; it's monotone and predicable to the umpteenth power, but here, he's different.  He actually shows that he has considerable acting talent and I thought he was down right good.  For those who enjoy atmosphere and first rate art direction, you'll find a treasure trove of both in Session 9.  The cinematographer knows well what he's doing and the director's tight hold of the reins make certain that it all doesn't develop into a tired and hackneyed piece of celluloid.  I hesitate to give it 5 stars because I did find it a little too slow for its own good, as it risked losing its audience and, obviously, in many cases it did.  The movie would have, perhaps, benefited greatly from a more vigilant editing process.  Otherwise, no complaints. Session 9 is very much worth watching.
031606792X|5.0|After reading so many hysterical/ridiculous reviews blasting Breaking Dawn I was almost afraid to read this final installment, but I am happy to say I LOVED it!!  SM did a great job of staying true to her characters and wrapping up their story in a satisfying way.<br /><br />I am sorry the series has ended because I enjoyed it so much.  I hope SM will start another one using these same characters and give them more adventures. Long live Bella and Edward!!!!!!!!
1400063515|3.0|I have found Mr. Taleb's book to be a very interesting and thought provoking read. As an experienced emergency management professional and instructor, I find it calls into question the whole process of risk and hazard analysis. While the book is certainly intellectually stimulating and should cause one to be very careful with planning assumptions, I question its value in any direct application. While looking in the rear view mirror we don't know how many Black Swan's were prevented by well conducted risk and hazard analyses based on historical occurrences. As Mr. Taleb points out, history has overlooked the successful interventions and un-occurred disasters.
0385339682|4.0|I have read most of the Grisham books but in a completely random order.  This one is good, set in Mississippi beginning in 1970. It is the story of a young man who becomes the proprietor of a small newspaper, of course he is befriended by lawyers and law enforcement.  This is the story of a brutal crime that rocked the county and continued for 9 years.     A beautiful young widow is raped and murdered by a younger member of a notorious crime family.  The young man is convicted but does not get the chair due to some hold-outs in the jury.  When he is released on parole (life imprisonment can be very short), jurors start being murdered. The convicted murderer seems to have good alibies, and Grisham gives us one of his classic surprise endings.     The events in the original murder and subsequent juror killings are literary bookends for the life of the newspaper publisher in this small town.  He buys the paper out of bankruptcy as a very young man, builds it up over the years, but never gets too far from the murder that built his circulation.     There is a lot of fun here also.  Grisham knows small towns in Mississippi, and takes us through some of the toughest times of integration. The newspaper business has its moments also, with an unusual focus on obituaries and religious news.
B000AP04OM|5.0|Purchasing this classic in the Special Edition DVD format was a great move.  We can now enjoy it on all our media outlets for a long time to come...
B000654YRY|5.0|This is one of my favorite concert DVDs.  Even though there are no audio setup selections the sound is fantastic!  Mark Knopfler (lead singer and composer) really lacks animation in contrast to the rest of the group, but the concert is lively just the same.    Lighting is amazing - visuals and close ups are excellent.  The only way it could be better is with Blu ray and 5.1 audio perhaps.
B0014VPFTA|5.0|Love it! This is one of his best CD's a great mix of good songs and guitar playing. Buy it, you won't be disapointed.
0679745203|4.0|To Hana the nurse, English patient is `a white lion'.  I've come to expect movie characters to bear a marginal resemblance to those of the novel from which they are extracted.  Seldom do the people in the novel voice anything resembling the clever lines from the film.  Ondaatje describes brilliantly his story settings and the psychoanalytical introspections of his characters like an omniscient Nanny narrator.<br />Some of this book's visceral content presents itself as juvenile voyeuristic, not to be confused with the sort of obligatory 'adult content' that's required to provoke a publisher to finish reading a manuscript submission.<br /><br />While the main storyline describes some heroic coping mechanisms adopted by it's characters to survive their various war-induced neurosis', the English patient suffers physical and emotional wounds which will kill him.  maybe it should have been called 'The Great Escape'.  Except that the author seems to have wanted a title that would be hemorrhaging  irony.  The critics called Ondaatje, 'poetic'.  And his skill with words may be described as accomplished.  he has been researching the writings to the Royal Geographic Society by explorers of the Libyan Desert.  We have a glimpse into \\"the tact of [Ondaatje's] words.\\"  \\"In the desert to repeat something would be to fling more water into the earth.\\"<br />\\"Here nuance took you a hundred miles.\\"  AND<br />\\"A man in a desert can hold absence in his cupped hands knowing it is something that feeds him more than water.\\"<br /><br />I know the feeling of being enveloped in the 'emptiness' of the Mojave Desert, which sometimes can belie the impression that there maybe is nothing, maybe never was nor ever will be anything to come back to.
B0018S6YOE|5.0|Really liked the CD, my daughter and I listen to it everyday. We dance and  sing along. It keep you moving and it has a lot of great tracks. ENJOY! we have. Glad to have the entire CD and DVD.
6304806426|5.0|[edit]  Newer publication available:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0001WTWCO The English Patient (Miramax Collector's Edition)]]<br /><br />At the risk of sounding snobbish,  I won't typically invest my time on entertainment which is focused on adultery.  It's just one of a variety of subjects which maybe I wish to distance myself from being emotionally involved in someone else's self-destructive behavior.  That said, I don't shun the many artistic expressions which skirt about the intrigues of illicit romance to bring a viewer, a reader, a listener, a greater feeling for the dramatic effect of the story.  No one contends that a prose or a poem or a lyric may not carry & deliver a story line.  but even a still photo may reveal the aspect of a place and it's dramatic impact on the subject.<br /><br />The 'great' paintings from Da Vinci to Vermeer convey an almost tangible envelope of drama into which a viewer may be invited to slip away.  'English Patient' the movie is 'great' cinematography.  Glorious landscapes, passionate characters broken by war, and artful screen writing all combine through a series of flash-backs with powerful spiritual overtones.  It's not just a sappy romance;  although, it includes a Sapper (someone who explodes bombs) who falls in love with a Canadian Nurse in Italy.
B001ANE3EA|5.0|This is one of the best CD's I have ever purchase. Song after song of great music and it keeps you listening until the end. Loved it!
0399132635|5.0|This was the first Dean Koontz novel I read and I was up day and night for 2 days reading every spare moment! I fell in love with golden retreivers because of this book. I was terrified for the dog! I was held spellbound throughout the entire book. There is no such thing as boring in a Dean Koontz novel!!
B000XYNFD2|5.0|I love this watch. It is great looking and has that feel of quality. Best of all no battery to deal with.
031606792X|1.0|It seems as though she took a 2 or 3 year break between writing the first few chapters (up through the wedding) where it blends in well with the rest of the series, and the rest of the book, where it becomes a complete bag of suck.
0385340990|5.0|I normally don't read fiction, but the odd title of this book caught my attention, and I'm so very glad it did!  It was a quick and easy read, very hard to put down once I started.  Through a collection of letters and telegrams this book tells the story of the Guernsey islanders during and immediately following WWII.<br /><br />A donated book that belonged to Juliet Ashton makes its way to the island and is read by Dawsey Adams, who then writes a letter to Juliet.  An author, she writes back to him and eventually the other residents begin corresponding with  her too.  Intrigued, she decides to visit the island and slowly unravels the story of what they endured during the war.  Under German occupation, they were completely cut off from the world, kept under strict curfew, and barely had enough to eat.  The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was created out of necessity to cover an incident in which an \\"illegal\\" pig feast was nearly discovered by the Germans, but it ended up being a weekly outing the islanders could look forward to to get through those miserable and uncertain days.<br /><br />I not only found the story touching, sad, and entertaining at times, it also made me want to find out more about the island, the occupation and the Todt slaves in particular.
1931559317|5.0|If you are new to astronomy and maybe have a pair of binoculars or a low-powered telescope, or even just your eyes, and want to learn the constellations, then your best bet is really to download Stellarium and get yourself a handheld planisphere for carrying around. You will have enough on your plate to start learning the constellations and some of the nearer objects. As your hobby grows and time goes by you will probably notice that against the background (and sometimes foreground) of the stars of the constellations you are looking at are other stars that look interesting but you don't know much about them. This is where a sky atlas comes in and it is an essential if you want to move beyond learning the constellations.<br /><br />This isn't the place to plug another book but I feel one should get a mention quickly (in return I will plug this book there). \\"The Stars: A New Way to See Them\\" by H. A. Rey really does take constellation exploration to a whole new level and then some more. I thought that a planisphere would be more than enough but that book by Rey, although it looks like a cartoon book for kids, is the kind of material that Hubble would probably open beside him for warm up. If you are looking for the next step after the constellations then that is the book you want first... and then a proper sky atlas. Both books compliment each other a lot. Rey teaches you constellation navigation. The atlas gives you the details.<br /><br />So if you are looking for a sky atlas then the probability is that you have a scope (eyes are not enough to see the magnification detail beyond 1 to 4, such as 5, 6, 7 + that these maps offer) have some degree of experience with the constellations and want to learn more about everything else you are seeing through your scope. You have qualified yourself in need of a sky atlas. The next question is not if you need a sky atlas or not (you do) but what type of sky atlas is for you and ultimately this depends on the power of your scope and what you want to do. Now here I find myself plugging another book but I think it safe to say I can return the favor when I review that product and in the end a dedicated astronomer is going to own all of these. The Sky Atlas 2000.0, 2nd Deluxe Unlaminated Version by Wil Tirion is twice the price of this and is much bigger and more detailed. There is a laminated version that is more expensive yet again put perfect for lots of outdoor use. Anyway the point is that this maybe the sky atlas that you want especially if you have a bigger scope. At the same time many astronomers just like to sit outside with a medium sized spiral-bound book and explore the stars with their low to mid range scope. If this is you then this is probably the book you want and it is a very nice star map indeed.<br /><br />First of all it is a spiral-bound star atlas. You can lay it flat on the table beside you. Not a lot of star maps can claim that. However it is not so much of a pocket book but rather a thin but regular sized book. Don't expect this to fit in your jacket pocket. You will be carrying it like a regular book but it's thin, very thin. The design, weight and size are very strong points that this book has to offer. In fact many large scope owners may get this book for its ease of portability and skinniness.<br /><br />These are black stars on a white background that many astronomers recommend as better to look at under red light (and you will need a red light with this book to make full use of it). Other objects are identified by greens, blues, reds and yellows. The index tells you what these are. The layout is medium difficultly to navigate (it isn't easy and you will spend time on it, but that is the nature of this field and is not the fault of the book) and like a good map you can follow where you need to go and with more experiences get faster doing it.<br /><br />You can't really fault this map in terms of what it brings to your night gazing diversion. It truly opens up theskies to you in a way that you can hardly predict if you have never owned a star atlas before. The index is comprehensive, there is a constellation chart divided into pages for easy reference and there are several ways to navigate the stars from coordinates to star hopping by shape and dispersal to a combination of all the above. The constellation borders are present as well as grids. If there is any star map you should get then really this could be that one.<br /><br />I say `could be' because I have some reserves. A larger star map maybe what you really wanted instead. Sometimes the detail in this map overwhelms its size. Working on the big dipper is nice because the number of stars can be handled, however turn to Vega and Cygnus which is on the Milky Way and the stars amounts jump by a factor of 10. Suddenly you go from shapes you can easily remember to pages where there are almost more black dots than white spaces. It actually looks like a blow down instead of a blow up. The overkill of stars is challenging and quite simply a bigger map would help make more sense of what you are seeing. Yet again it just requires more work on your part to figure them out. It is not impossible, but things get cramped.<br /><br />Another issue is that not all the constellations will fit on the one page. Draco for example spans a few pages and so requires page flipping and the way the book is made doesn't mean that the next page follows on directly from the last although there are arrows indicating which page to turn if you go in that direction. While these do work sometimes you will have to go back and forth to the index to complete some constellations. There are no reduced maps for the larger constellations. So be prepared for some constellations to span more than one page.<br /><br />Star visibility/illumination takes some getting used to. H. A. Rey's book, although cartoons, prepares you for illumination issues much better. You may see a sector you want to examine, count 4 to 5 visible stars among 10 possible ones and yet only see 2 (again depending on visibility and quality of scope) or maybe much more than you expected.<br /><br />Sometimes the dot size between what you can see and won't see is so close that you won't know until you look. From time to time this simply throws you off... sometimes a way off to the point that you don't even know if you are looking at the right sector or not. What does this mean? Is the sky atlas bad? No, far from it, this book is clearly a cut above what most pocket sky maps offer, you just might not be prepared to put the work in that this book demands of you. Casual star gazing is one thing. Using an atlas can quickly turn this leisurely pursuit into work.<br /><br />Many readers come away only having looked at two or three sectors in the space of an hour. The good news is the sky is not going anywhere. The bad news is that we only live so long. I think if you are willing to move at a slow pace then you can enjoy this atlas adventure a lot more.<br /><br />The IAU website uses a very similar set of maps that you can look through to see if it is a map design you would like to work with but the maps in this book are of much better quality. Still you get the overall idea. So about this book, what is the verdict? This is a 5 star experience regardless of quirks. We are talking about condensing into 80 charts, over 30,000 stars and 1500 deep sky objects. Sometimes you win them and sometimes you loose them. You can debate whether this is a problem of the book or a problem of viewing conditions/equipment but you can't debate that there isn't much competition out there for something this size and price and that is where it wins, hands down. It's an economy star atlas with lots of perks and a super design but is no replacement for a full star atlas. Still if you are a binocular user and looking to experience more then get this at all costs. Your astronomy will improve tenfold due to it.<br /><br />Pros:<br />- Somuch in so little space<br />- Spiral-bound and designed to lay flat<br />- Low cost<br />- Guaranteed to improve your hobby tenfold<br />- Black stars on white<br /><br />Cons:<br />- Some charts get overwhelming because of their content<br />- A basic moon map wouldn't have been too much to ask for<br />- You will work hard even on the easier sectors<br />- Some constellations span more than one pagedepending on visibility and quality of scope) or maybe much more than you expected.     Sometimes the dot size between what you can see and won't see is so close that you won't know until you look. From time to time this simply throws you off... sometimes a way off to the point that you don't even know if you are looking at the right sector or not. What does this mean? Is the sky atlas bad? No, far from it, this book is clearly a cut above what most pocket sky maps offer, you just might not be prepared to put the work in that this book demands of you. Casual star gazing is one thing. Using an atlas can quickly turn this leisurely pursuit into work.     Many readers come away only having looked at two or three sectors in the space of an hour. The good news is the sky is not going anywhere. The bad news is that we only live so long. I think if you are willing to move at a slow pace then you can enjoy this atlas adventure a lot more.    The IAU website uses a very similar set of maps that you can look through to see if it is a map design you would like to work with but the maps in this book are of much better quality. Still you get the overall idea. So about this book, what is the verdict? This is a 5 star experience regardless of quirks. We are talking about condensing into 80 charts, over 30,000 stars and 1500 deep sky objects. Sometimes you win them and sometimes you loose them. You can debate whether this is a problem of the book or a problem of viewing conditions/equipment but you can't debate that there isn't much competition out there for something this size and price and that is where it wins, hands down. It's an economy star atlas with lots of perks and a super design but is no replacement for a full star atlas. Still if you are a binocular user and looking to experience more then get this at all costs. Your astronomy will improve tenfold due to it.    Pros:  - So much in so little space  - Spiral-bound and designed to lay flat  - Low cost  - Guaranteed to improve your hobby tenfold  - Black stars on white    Cons:  - Some charts get overwhelming because of their content  - A basic moon map wouldn't have been too much to ask for  - You will work hard even on the easier sectors  - Some constellations span more than one page
0061562408|5.0|I'm enjoying this book and so is my sister in Ireland who I purchased a copy, as a birthday gift. She is also getting a kick out of it. This book is touching our lives at the moment and for me, Enzo is stiring many memory's of our family pet, Billy who passed away 5 years ago.This book is a keeper. Thank you and Bless you, Garth Stein.
1427025266|3.0|On the whole, I would say that this book is considered a classic mostly because of its legendary troubles with the censors.  Don't get me wrong - it was an alright book, interesting enough to hold my attention for the most part.  However, I don't think that I'll be recommending it any time soon.    First off, I agree with the other commenters about Lawrence's basic lack of knowledge about female anatomy.  My god.  It's as if there's nothing at all that Clifford could have done for Connie.  And apparently Connie is (in Lawrence's eyes) the apex of womanhood because she's one of the (very) few who can reach climax without any clitoral stimulation.  Jesus christ, this isn't a book about sex.  It's a book about misinformation!    Aside from that, what do we have?    We have Connie, who's barely sympathetic as a protagonist.  I'd put her somewhere between Emma Bovary and Anna Karenina on the sympathy scale.  On the one hand, who can't sympathize with her situation?  She's trapped in an essentially joyless life.  On the other hand, she's also a terrible snob.  Witness the way that she looks down on the people of Tevershall - \\"Oh, everything is good and beautiful in Ye Olde English Woode where I screw my husband's gamekeeper, but that dirty dirty little town with all those hunched-over people who work for a living... how disgusting!\\"    And then we've got Mellors, who, quite frankly, I found kinda annoying.  Is it just me, or does he come off as somewhat mentally deficient?  Whenever he lapsed into \\"broad,\\" I always imagined him talking like some kind of Scottish version of Cookie Monster.      And the ranting, oh my god, the ranting.  Ok, Lawrence, we GET IT.  Mellors is supposed to be the Man O' The Woods.  The Green Man.  The Great Horned God.  Pan.  But did you really have to spell it out for us in heavy handed sermons before and after every sex scene?  Couldn't you have left just a little for us to figure out for ourselves?    Really, the only character who I kinda liked was Clifford.  Sure, he was pathetic.  But he knew it.  He knew that he was, quite literally, the last of a dying breed.  At the same time, though, he had a detached sort of irony, and that great British gift of understatement.  You got the feeling that he was smart, and maybe even had a sense of humor.  Who knows, perhaps this character would have seemed more terrifying back in the day, back when the British aristocracy was still kind of a threat to someone.      Oh yeah, and that one scene where we're really supposed to hate him?  The one where his wheelchair gets stuck up on the hill?  I actually felt kinda sorry for him there.    Ultimately, I'll say this about Lady Chatterly's Lover - I like what Lawrence was trying to do, but I don't really feel like he pulled it off.  He makes some valid points about getting in touch with our physical, emotional, and spiritual natures.  However, this gets obscured by some of his personal prejudices, as well as his total lack of understanding about women and their anatomy.
1400049628|1.0|I am glad I read 'World War Z' (Max Brooks' 2nd zombie book) before this one.  While WWZ was an entertaining read; The Zombie Survival Guide was mind-numbingly dull.
1931559317|3.0|This is a good field guide at the telescope. I like the layout and the information contained within it. Spiral bound is a plus, allowing you to lay it flat and not loose pages after a few weeks. However, I know it's a pocket book but its not! It's a little to big to be a pocket book and to small for easy identification of stellar targets. The size is just wrong! Bigger and it would be awesome, smaller and it would be very handy, as it is I use an old 1970s Patrick Moore book that is pocket size.
B0019EXZY4|1.0|Within the first ten minutes of this move I felt that it could be a waste of 90 minutes of my life.  I was right.  Simply put, there are just better movies about bank robberies.  Such as Inside Man, with Clive Owen and Denzel Washington.  The Bank Job is very thin on plot and the development of the story line is slow and boring.  In addition, there is not any real action scenes to speak of.  Not in the traditional sense of blowing stuff up, cars chasing down the streets and fights, that is what keeps people entertained.  This movie rocked me, to sleep that is and made me second guess what I was watching it in the first place.<br /><br />Since this movie is partly based on a true story I hope that the real bank robbery that took place was a lot more fun and adventurous than watching this movie.  Because overall there was absolutely nothing captivating about this movie.
B00005JPO1|2.0|I love the first three Indy films. Like so many others I was greatly looking forward to seeing a new one. I thought (or hoped) that the very long time they took to come up with a script meant they were polishing it to a brilliant shine. After seeing the movie, I conclude it was really a long negotiation between Lucas, Spielberg, and Ford, with some of them eager to make a crappy movie, and some of them not, with the end result being crappy, but perhaps not as crappy as it might have been.    The movie started with a bit of promise (other than the infantile CGI prairie dog). I'm not as offended by the nuclear fridge scene as many are, because I know those mock towns weren't built at Ground Zero (or they would have been vaporized). They were built at a distance to judge the effect of the blast on places some miles from the explosion. So while it's not credible for Indy to survive being tossed around that much, he didn't exactly survive a nuclear explosion. Some of the other early scenes, such as those where Indy is actually discovering something, are also good.    Still...    About halfway through the movie, despite my fervent desire to like it, I realized it just wasn't working for me. No suspense. No real sense of urgency or danger. Low stakes. Too many marginal or pointless characters. Too much cartoon nonsense going on, far less believable than anything from the previous films (the stupid monkey vine swinging, Marian's idiotic tree-driving stunt, the multiple waterfall drops...none of it scary, none of it remotely convincing, or even fun). Marian's long-awaited big reveal was one of the biggest, flattest duds in film history. She shows up and spends most of the rest of the movie just tagging along with a dazed grin on her face like she was just grateful to be there, a flaccid dishrag compared to the character from the first film. Not Karen Allen's fault...she was just thrown in for nostalgia's sake, and was poorly written. Mutt was actually not a bad character, but I don't need or want him to be Indy's son. Is there any worse cliche in fiction than the Son He Never Knew He Had? I realize Spielberg and Lucas are fascinated by father issues, but I'm not. And then there's the whole point of the movie...the skull and the aliens...ehhhh. Who cares? The finale was a muddled jumble of flashing lights and wind that meant nothing and evoked nothing but tedium. Remember at the end of the previous films, where the characters actually seem to notice that something extraordinary has happened, were even scared, or traumatized just a little bit (okay, not so much in Crusade, where they quickly shake off any aftereffects and devolve into slapstick and lose all interest in their surroundings). Not this time. The giant flying saucer takes off, and Indy and his massive crew of sidekicks start cracking jokes.    I'm inclined to blame Lucas for most of this mess. He's made a habit of lapses of taste and judgement since...hmm...\\"Howard the Duck\\"?    I don't want to see this movie again, and I don't want to own it. I hope they don't make another, because these guys have proven they no longer have what it takes.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|London Calling should be in any music lovers collection.  I hesitate to call it classic because it is so fresh after 20+ years that is seems inappropriate to tag it that way. Much the way that Sgt Pepper or Nevermind feels unique and current no matter when you encounter it 1970, 1994 or 2008
B0016NF06O|5.0|A great CD Willie & Wynton and as Willie says at the end a GREAT, GREAT BAND. If you like Blues it doesn't get better from Two Music Giants
0375424474|4.0|I am enjoying reading this, 30 years after taking a course covering much of the portion of the book I have so far completed.  The authors enthusiasm for the subject and articulate writing style would make this a good read for anyone with out a lot of biology background who wants to have a better understanding of form and function and how it came to be.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|This is a remarkable debut - rich harmonies, strong songs, solid orchestration - just a gem.  But if you need a first taste, try their \\"Sun Giant\\" EP or listen to teh NPR free live concert.    Most highly recommended.  Smart and timeless.
B00000IQC8|4.0|this was a great movie for its time looking back on it now it is so so but man it opened the door for a great man to make many more movies
0375842381|5.0|I just finished re-reading Phillip Pullman's astonishing trilogy for the third time.  No, I'm not an eager 11-year-old desperate for a Potter substitute.  I'm a thirty-two year old English teacher happily immersed in the modern day renaissance that is children's fantasy.  Of course, like any renaissance, there are the founding fathers, such as C.S. Lewis.  There are the, at times, appallingly bad writers like Stephenie Meyer and there are the highly capable, thrilling storytellers like Madeleine L'engle, Lois Lowry, and J.K. Rowling.<br /><br />And then there is Phillip Pullman outstripping them all with his spiritually complex, daringly original trilogy, \\"His Dark Materials.\\"<br /><br />The great thing about Pullman's series is that it works on two levels.  Adult readers (and even academics) will note his ingenious use of literary allusions, scientific theories, history, and various myths and religious beliefs to bring to life not just multiple worlds, but multiple universes.  Young readers will appreciate his carefully crafted, highly suspenseful plot, his exciting descriptions of exotic worlds, and his heroic, compelling characters, all of whom must suffer and make difficult choices in a time of great upheaval.<br /><br />I dare not give any plot details away--the twists and turns are too clever to ruin--but I do want to say a word about Pullman's contribution in terms of fantasy literature for young girls.  This series is certainly one that boys will enjoy, chalk full as it is with giant armored bears, action-packed battle sequences, texas ballooners, gyspies, and a young boy, Will, who becomes the second protagonist when he shows up in book two and learns to wield a knife that cuts through the very fabric of the universe.<br /><br />However, unlike, say, \\"The Chronicles of Narnia,\\" which demonizes female power, or \\"The Lord of the Rings,\\" which pushes women to the side, or even \\"Harry Potter,\\" which, let's face it, is mostly about a young boy's quest, \\"His Dark Materials\\" centers on Lyra, a feisty, smooth-talking, brave, highly independent, young, intelligent female protagonist.  She absolutely explodes gender expectations and her adventurous, hilariously gutsy spirit leaves you realizing just how few strong female characters we have in fantasy children's (or young adult's) literature.  Pullman reverses expectations again with his sympathetic depiction of female witches and with his complex portrayal of Mrs. Coulter, who is neither entirely good nor entirely evil.<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />Come with an open mind and you will not be disappointed.a, a feisty, smooth-talking, brave, highly independent, young, intelligent female protagonist.  She absolutely explodes gender expectations and her adventurous, hilariously gutsy spirit leaves you realizing just how few strong female characters we have in fantasy children's (or young adult's) literature.  Pullman reverses expectations again with his sympathetic depiction of female witches and with his complex portrayal of Mrs. Coulter, who is neither entirely good nor entirely evil.    [...]     Come with an open mind and you will not be disappointed.
B00003CXDB|5.0|This is, quite simply, the greatest film ever made about business and the capital markets. Wall Street is brilliant and infinitely quotable. There are just so many good lines in the film delivered to perfection by Michael Douglas. This is certainly Michael Douglas' best work, for which he most deservedly won the Oscar. The acting, writing, and directing are phenomenal and culminated in a true masterpiece. This is my favorite film; I have watched it more than a dozen times and I always enjoy the ride and discover new subtleties. Not only did I buy the original version, but I also bought the 20th anniversary edition too. Anybody who has any interest in the stock market or business must own this film; it has become a cult classic. I am looking forward to the sequel \\"Money Never Sleeps\\". I hope that the filmakers will aspire to the quality and caliber of the original.
0307277887|5.0|[[ASIN:0307277887 Darkly Dreaming Dexter]]  This book was a great read. Even if you watched the show first. However the Dexter in the show is different than the one in the book. This book neatly wraps up the charcter that is Dexter and does so quickly as well as humorously. I love the wit and sarcasm, i think it tops it off nicely. I can't wait to read the second book.
B00003CXUM|5.0|This movie is simply enchanting.  The director's consummate use of color, the musical score, and the detailed attention to the historical setting -- 60's Hong Kong -- was sublime.  The main characters are statuesquely beautiful and Mrs Chan, in particular, is delectable in her body hugging dresses (qipao). The real thrill is the story line: erotic, without being coarse, passionate and sensual without being prurient, provocatively sexy and yet moral.  Its a refreshing change from the lascivious drivel that we often endure from Hollywood.  Interview excerpts in the second CD (Criterion collection), especially the director's commentaries, as well as the alternative endings are both revealing and captivating.
B00004WG2F|5.0|An epic story about a family.  I don't know that it is the greatest movie ever, but every time I put it on I get sucked in and watch it through.
B00081U7HC|4.0|Movie ratings are always very subjective, with one person's gem being another's trash. That said, I enjoyed the movie, despite it being a bit unrealistic. If your goal is just to be entertained you will likely enjoy this movie. If you are out to play movie critic you will find lots of problems. 4 stars
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have tried other workouts, and this is the best one I have tried!  I do not consider myself to be in the best shape, but unlike other 20 minute workouts, this one is a challenge!!!  I look forward to working up to Level 3!
0452289963|5.0|I had just found out that my ex-boyfriend's father, a man who I loved and admired deeply, had passed away. Then, about an hour later, I came across this book. After reading the back through my tears, I decided that I might be able to use a little spirituality right then to help me deal with my grief, so I bought it. As I mourned, I read. I read, and I mourned. I'm not a religious person at all (quite the opposite, actually), but I do consider myself spiritual.     There was something about this book that really changed the way I see myself and life in general. I started to see personality flaws that I hadn't been able to recognize before, things that were making not only me, but those around me, miserable. Little by little as I worked myself through the pages, I was coming to some sort of self-realization (or the start of \\"awakening\\" as Eckhart Tolle puts it), as well as aiding myself in the mourning process.    I finished the book three weeks ago, and the last three weeks have been the best weeks I've literally had in years. Though I still don't consider myself \\"religious,\\" and likely never will, I definitely feel that my relationship with God has gotten much more intense and powerful. I look at life as more of a gift than a painful burden. I look at those around me with stronger feelings of love and endearment. I have a positive outlook now, instead of letting negative notions of the ego destroy me and hurt those around me. I'm less angry, I'm much less depressed, and well, as a matter of fact - I'm quite happy - something I haven't been able to say in probably 8 or 9 years.     If you're miserable, depressed, and bitter all the time, think about picking up this book. It's not a problem-solver in itself, but it certainly makes you more aware of who you are and the things you do. Oh, and by the way...I'm not much of a reader. I'm a college student and I try to avoid reading unless it's for class, but I couldn't seem to put this book down. So, the fact that it was so captivating to ME really means something! :)
0385340990|4.0|A charming piece of chick lit, with a little bit of serious history thrown in.  I was somewhat uneasy, however, about some aspects of the story that seemed a little unlikely for England so soon after the war (World War 2, that is).  Life immediately after the war was, economically, as bad or even worse than during the war.  You'd never realize that from many of the details in the book.  However, few American readers will have grown up in post-war England, as I did, and few will know much about life there immediately after the war so I predict that most readers who enjoy a light read with some redeeming social value will enjoy this book enormously.
076790592X|5.0|After reading so many spectacular reviews, I decided to give this book a whirl myself, and I'm so thankful I did. First of all, I hate to read. Well, let me rephrase that. I USED to hate to read. Doing so much reading in college leaves me with little energy outside of schoolwork to read, but I quickly polished this book off in two sessions.    This book grabs you almost immediately and reels you in, and once you reach the first Tuesday conversation with Morrie, there's no turning back - you're anxious to see what lies ahead. In the midst of this beautiful story between two friends - Morrie, the former professor, and Mitch, his former student - you are taught valuable life lessons between the pages as Morrie battles Lou Gehrig's disease.     The best lesson I took away from this book is that love and relationships are the most important things in life. This book has really changed how I perceive life. I, at 25, was so convinced that life still seems so lengthy, so certain, when in reality, it could end at any moment. How do I want to be remembered? That's something that Morrie's words really make you think about. I tell my friends and family a lot more often now how much I love them, and I've let a lot of bitterness about petty things go because this book has reminded me how small those things really are in comparison with the big picture of life, and life is too short to be anything but happy.    In summary, this book reads quickly (so quickly!) yet there are hugely valuable lessons to be learned in its short length. If you're looking simply for a heartwarming story, this is the book for you. If you are perhaps one of those folks who takes life and those around you for granted sometimes, then this book is for you as well. You might even learn a thing or two. :)
1400064287|5.0|Made to Stick is a great book designed to help you made your ideas more memorable.  It is not designed to give you the power to come up with new ideas, but to make the most of what's available to you.  The authors use a wide variety of examples of \\"sticky\\" and non \\"sticky\\" concepts to show you what works and what does not.      The epitome of their framework is the \\"Jared\\" marketing campaign that Subway used several years ago.  This campaigned contained all of their features for a \\"sticky\\" idea: Simplicity, Unexpectedness, Concreteness, Credibility, Emotion, and a Story.  As you can see, they even tried to make their framework sticky by having it spell out SUCCES.      The book itself stays true to its word, in that the examples and framework they provide are sufficiently memorable that I feel the knowledge I have gained from reading this will \\"stick\\" with me for many years to come.    Highly recommended.
0141439475|5.0|Mary Shelly says it like no one else.  I thought Tolstoy had the most profound writing talent before reading this book.<br /><br />Usually I read to kill time but this book had me make the time.  In my 52 years, this has been the book that I couldn't wait to get back to.  I'm deeply impressed and so happy that I chose this timeless classic.
B0000062S0|4.0|If you love Led Zeppelin, this album is worth having - mostly for the song \\"Most High\\" which is musically very similar to a lot of the stuff on \\"No Quarter,\\" which is a much better album. The rest of the tracks are listenable, but you won't be screaming for them at a reunion concert.
031606792X|2.0|I was so dissapointed with this story. It was way too dark for me. It had a dark evil feeling attached to it. I had a hard time wanting to finish the book. I was mourning the loss of a good story line and I felt there was too much blood involved, it made me sick to my stomach. Yikes.
1402581386|4.0|Dexter  not my normal story  but it got my interest. Dexter only murders the bad guys. Dexter was a foster child of a homicide detective, who taught him to only kill the bad guys and make sure he has proof before doing it.<br /><br />A new serial killer is in Dexters area.  Wow the gruesome details are beyond belief. Not for the faint hearted.<br /><br />Details.  Is it possible?????  Now anyone who has read it and I'm not with giving away the final ending.  Is it possible to cut off  so many parts off a human and the person surviving???? (not saying how many parts)  But being realistic most authors do their homework. Surely it may be possible or absolutely not possible.  What is your opinion!!!  I will be earmarking that section and will play the 10 minutes of the worst bit to nurses and high up clients who work in hospitals and see what they think. One close friend said  rubbish no way someone would live.  What is your opinion??????? comment and lets see peoples opinions.
0743201140|1.0|Nice concept that could have been handled with a 10 page paper.  Clearly authors had to have some volume to prove value so they drone on and on and on.  Very tedious reading.  Then at every turn they continue to try to sell other products or services.  The major killer is having an online exam to evalute your strengths; however, the code is only good once - so DON'T buy a used book as your code will be invalid.  If the exam is a work related exercise, you'll be forced to buy a new book just for the code.  Also, DON'T let your spouse read the book.  If you do, they'll want to take the exam and suprise suprise, you would need another new book just to take the test.
031606792X|5.0|I don't understand those who think the author failed with her end to the story. I'm so tired of tragic love stories that this is definitely refreshing.   After all those pages, do we really want Edward and Bella to have a sad ending? I'm sure not!  The series is fantastic and you'll want to read it without stopping.
031606792X|1.0|I just finished reading Breaking Dawn and must admit I am very disappointed in Stephenie Meyer's ending to the Twilight saga.  I give it a 1 out of 5 rating. (By the way I am a mature adult female).    Breaking Dawn was just plain boring, trivial and utterly predictable.  It in no way held my interest like her previous ones, where I could barely stand to put them down for even a minute and as soon as I was done I eagerly reread them.  I finished Breaking Dawn because I felt I had to because I bought it.  I would return the book if I could, however, I bought it at an airport bookstore in a country other than which I live.    Everything is so contrived and perfect in the book that there is nothing for the reader to \\"delve into\\" - just a  limp plot that contained many instances where the author contradicted herself (like Bella's pregnancy - if vampires are the walking dead how can the dead sire babies?)just for the sake of wrapping something up in a nice red bow.  Who cares if is makes sense?  It's fantasy right?  Unfortunately, for me, and for the book Breaking Dawn, too many things just \\"don't fit\\" and don't \\"go with the flow\\" of the previous books that the author loses credibility with me to a point I simply \\"don't buy it\\" anymore - even as a fantasy.  And that's exactly what occurred when I read the book.    In summary, unlike the previous three books Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse, which I loved and have reread many times, this book left me completely cold (pardon the pun).  I would not recommend reading it to anyone.    Deb C
B00005YW4H|5.0|Norah Jones is another really relaxing CD. We just love the thought of throwing in a few CDs and chilling out after a long hard day at work.
B0015QT78O|5.0|This TV show had a great deal of heart. The show was made to be a sci-fi show of sorts, but it had a great deal of heart to it about an alien father and a half alien/half human son getting to know each other. I was addicted to this show in the 80's and wished I still had the old VHS tapes I had when I use to record it on TV. This is a great example of a combination sci-fi/family show put together. I know of few TV shows like that.
B00005AWMF|5.0|The Sade CD is a great investment if you enjoy listening to relaxing music.  It is smooth and sexy and sets the mood.
0143113100|5.0|This is a fantastic book - well written and easy to read and understand; great case studies;a must for anyone with any interest in the brain; anyone who has aged parents or friends and is looking for some help in understanding how to keep the brain alert or even how to reconfigure it!
B0015XASFS|5.0|What a talented man.  This was great, just as his others are.  What a future he has ahead of him.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|Just got done watching eps. 1-6. Can't wait for the final show. CAN'T WAIT UNTIL THIS COMES AVAIL.ON DVD. I will be in line for a copy. After episode 6 I was so hooked that I went on to watch all of the footage shows on HBO regarding the real Marines, the filming in Africa, about the writer, etc... I'm hooked. Yes, it's brutal, yes, it's very frank, and yes, it's sometimes hilarious... just like life. Huge props for these amazing men and to the man who brought their story to us.  Thank you.
0757302661|5.0|The CD was really relaxing.  I used it through the 3rd trimester of my pregnancy to help me sleep better and really relax.  My actual labor and delivery was very fast so I never felt like I had time to use any hypnosis, but I think this really helped me relax between contractions.  My birth was all natural with no tearing and a very quick recovery.  The CD has some good imagery that helped me through it all.  Although I did have pain, I was able to deal with it all very well!
1932100385|1.0|I am a big proponent of consuming a phytonutrient dense diet and organic, unprocessed foods whenever possible but it is important to realize that the author is an ardent activist with PETA and is more concerned about promoting his vegan political cause than the actual facts.  If you want to see the \\"rest of the story\\" that was conveniently left out of this book I strongly suggest loking at the information here, [...]
1594489505|5.0|Having just finished A Thousand Splendid Suns I can now put aside any questions I had about Hosseini being able to write a book that can come close to matching the heartwarming and often heartwrenching reading experience he provided in The Kite Runner. A Thousand Splendid Sun is every bit as good as The Kite Runner -- and in many ways is even better! It is an astonishing, powerful book that had me riveted from the first to the last page, and is broader in scope than The Kite Runner. It is a story of two generations of characters brought together by the tragic sweep of war, where personal lives -- the struggle to survive, raise a family, find happiness -- are inextricable from the history playing out around them. A Thousand Splendid Suns is not just a great, although overwhelmingly sad, story, it is history lesson of Afghanistan's last thirty years -- from the Soviet invasion to the reign of the Taliban to post-Taliban rebuilding -- that puts the violence, fear, hope and faith of this country in extremely intimate, human terms.  Hosseini is a masterful writer whose prose and narrative style ooze emotion. If you have any hesitancy about reading this book, put your doubts aside and rush out to get yourself a copy of A Thousand Splendid Suns. You'll be very glad you did. It is not only a book that will keep you from doing anything else but turning the pages, it is a book that will stay in your head and heart for years to come. It is that good, although that tragic!
B00197YZ7M|5.0|The Bridges of Madison County is a great film. It was based on a novel written by Robert James Waller. He finished his manuscript in just eleven days, intending it to be a gift for various friends and family. One of his friends asked if he could try to interest a literary agent in the book. Waller got a call from a New York agent who asked, \\"...Robert, where have you been all my life?\\" It was a powerful narrative, though some critics complained that it was poorly written. Nevertheless, there was something in the story that really resonated with a large segment of the public.<br /><br />Various directors and actors were suggested for bringing the story to the silver screen. Sydney Pollack was supposed to direct it with Robert Redford as the star. Other contenders for the female lead included Cher, Isabella Rossellini, Catherine Deneuve, Susan Sarandon, Jessica Lange, Barbara Hershey and Anjelica Huston. Next it was going to be Bruce Beresford, but he wanted to make the Francesca Johnson character English, and the studio didn't accept this direction.<br /><br />Eastwood proved to be the best possible choice for director, and he directed himself well as the National Geographic photographer assigned to take pictures of the covered bridges of Madison County. Meryl Streep stars as Francesca Johnson, a farmer's wife who has a four-day stand with the photographer that proves to be the love of her life, though she stays with her husband. As an actress, Meryl did all the things that Oscar hungry actors do to prove their commitment to their characters: Meryl played the character as both middle aged and old. Streep gained 15 or 20 pounds to play the role, and she speaks with an Italian accent. She is really good with accents, but that is just the beginning. What really impressed me was how she could convey such complex emotions, yet she was always totally believable and natural.<br /><br />There is a really great scene where she prepares dinner for her family, and they all eat, each in their own worlds, oblivious to her obvious excitement, anticipating spending time with the photographer, Robert Kincaid, while her family is away. Since we know what the family doesn't, and since the camera is focusing on her, we see that she has a twinkle in her eye--but no one else notices anything out-of-the-ordinary. Streep is acting up a storm, but she makes it all seem so natural and realistic. This scene is a fine piece of acting, where it is not the culmination of the story arc, but just an average day in the life. Streep makes it all count, and all these little scenes set the stage for the really dramatic show downs when their emotions boil over.<br /><br />The two children, when they learn of their mother's secret life, are shocked and dismayed, and very angry at their mother for betraying their father. But as they read more of the letters they come to a new understanding of their mother, and make changes for the better in their own lives. They go from acting like a couple of jerks to being very sympathetic characters. As good and well cast as these roles are, the main focus is on the once-in-a-lifetime romance between Robert Kincaid and Francesca Johnson. Eastwood and Streep prove to be the perfect combination.<br /><br />Just a few random notes on other things I loved about The Bridges of Madison County:<br /><br />Meryl Streep was trained as an opera singer, and though she doesn't sing here, there are two scenes with Maria Callas singing. One is \\"Casta Diva from 'Norma'\\" by Vincenzo Bellini. The other is \\"Mon coeur s'ouvre &agrave; ta voix from 'Samson et Dalila'\\" by Camille Saint-Sans. As Francesca listens to some opera on the radio, her daughter switches to a station that is playing \\"Leader of the Pack\\" performed by The Shangri-las. This gesture speaks volumes about the mother-daughter relationship, and also shows how much her family takes her for granted. The opera is a great touch for her character, who is from Italy. Streep can be heardsinging Country Western in Postcards From the Edge, and does a great job. She currently is in the ABBA musical, Mama Mia. She wanted very badly to have the role of Evita, and felt that she was a much better singer than Madonna. Hey, I'm inclined to believe her.<br /><br />Robert Kincaid is more of a jazz fan, and there are some great cuts with baritone crooner Johnny Hartman setting the mood. Hartman is best known among jazz fans for his stunning album of ballads recorded with John Coltrane. Eastwood showcases some stuff that Hartman did without Coltrane, neglected gems worthy of further attention. Also heard are Irene Kral, Dinah Washington, and Ahmad Jamal. At one point Robert Kincaid takes Francesca to a rural blues joint where they are not likely to see anyone that knows her. It is a great scene and also gives him a chance to show off his son Kyle who plays bass with the group, The James Rivers Band. Eastwood himself, who plays piano, composed the theme music along with Lennie Niehaus, who also did the music for Bird.<br /><br />Selected Films and Roles of Meryl Streep<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000J103PC The Devil Wears Prada (Widescreen Edition)]] (2006) .... Miranda Priestly was something different for Streep, a cold hearted business woman. Great performance that might have gotten more than an Oscar nomination if only her character wasn't so mean.<br />[[ASIN:B000H6SXYM A Prairie Home Companion]] (2006) .... More accents for Streep as Yolanda Johnson, and also some good singing.<br />[[ASIN:B00005JLRE Adaptation (Superbit Collection)]]. (2002) .... Streep is Susan Orlean in this convoluted story within a story about a writer trying to adapt a book about orchids into a film script. It is the second script for Charlie Kaufman after Being John Malkovich.<br />[[ASIN:B000059XTI Postcards from the Edge]] (1990) .... Streep plays Suzanne Vale, an actress with mother issues. Mom, played by Shirley McLaine, is always upstaging. Written by Carrie Fisher, whose real life mom, Debbie Reynolds, might possibly have provided some material. Streep sings country western! She does great, starting out shaky but with a strong finish. \\"Checking Out of This Heartbreak Hotel\\" serves as a metaphor for her journey of self discovery and personal empowerment.<br />[[ASIN:B00002E22E A Cry in the Dark]] (1988) AKA Evil Angels .... Streep did good job acting, perhaps better than Out of Africa. Streep's character, Lindy Chamberlain, was a real person in Australia who was sent to prison for killing her child, but claimed that \\"the dingoes got my baby.\\" After a long time behind bars they finally decided that her story could have been true. Meanwhile, the line became a target for parody. The line even provided a name for a band on Buffy the Vampire Slayer.<br />[[ASIN:0783240171 Out of Africa]] (1985) .... As Karen Blixen Streep used a Danish accent. Redford's character was supposed to be English, but he refused. Streep however, can't resist the challenge of mastering a new accent, and it is one of the main tools in her acting toolbox.<br /><br />Directed by Clint Eastwood<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0009JVUHY Million Dollar Baby (Full Screen Edition)]] (2004) This Oscar winning film, directed by Clint Eastwood, has Eastwood, Morgan Freeman, and Hillary Swank in the leading roles. It is about the sport of female boxing.<br />[[ASIN:B000053V7P Bird]] (1988) Eastwood directed Forest Whitaker in this biography of jazz musician Charlie Parker. Eastwood has quite a feel for jazz, and he worked with Lennie Niehaus on the soundtrack, and Lennie also did the music for TBOMC.<br />[[ASIN:B00009N83V Honkytonk Man]] (1982) Eastwood played the Honkytonk Man, and his son, Kyle played his nephew who followed in his uncle's musical footprints. In TBOMC Kyle has a part as a bass player for the James Rivers Band, who all play themselves.<br />[[ASIN:B00005LC4R Play Misty for Me]] (1971) This early directorial effort by Eastwood also has a jazz theme. He plays a jazz DJ who is stalked by a fan who always requests that he play \\"Misty.\\" I think that the version he plays is by Errol Garner.<br /><br />Caroline: Who knew that, in between bake sales, my mother was Anas Nin?western! She does great, starting out shaky but with a strong finish. \\"Checking Out of This Heartbreak Hotel\\" serves as a metaphor for her journey of self discovery and personal empowerment.   [[ASIN:B00002E22E A Cry in the Dark]] (1988) AKA Evil Angels .... Streep did good job acting, perhaps better than Out of Africa. Streep's character, Lindy Chamberlain, was a real person in Australia who was sent to prison for killing her child, but claimed that \\"the dingoes got my baby.\\" After a long time behind bars they finally decided that her story could have been true. Meanwhile, the line became a target for parody. The line even provided a name for a band on Buffy the Vampire Slayer.    [[ASIN:0783240171 Out of Africa]] (1985) .... As Karen Blixen Streep used a Danish accent. Redford's character was supposed to be English, but he refused. Streep however, can't resist the challenge of mastering a new accent, and it is one of the main tools in her acting toolbox.      Directed by Clint Eastwood    [[ASIN:B0009JVUHY Million Dollar Baby (Full Screen Edition)]] (2004) This Oscar winning film, directed by Clint Eastwood, has Eastwood, Morgan Freeman, and Hillary Swank in the leading roles. It is about the sport of female boxing.   [[ASIN:B000053V7P Bird]] (1988) Eastwood directed Forest Whitaker in this biography of jazz musician Charlie Parker. Eastwood has quite a feel for jazz, and he worked with Lennie Niehaus on the soundtrack, and Lennie also did the music for TBOMC.    [[ASIN:B00009N83V Honkytonk Man]] (1982) Eastwood played the Honkytonk Man, and his son, Kyle played his nephew who followed in his uncle's musical footprints. In TBOMC Kyle has a part as a bass player for the James Rivers Band, who all play themselves.   [[ASIN:B00005LC4R Play Misty for Me]] (1971) This early directorial effort by Eastwood also has a jazz theme. He plays a jazz DJ who is stalked by a fan who always requests that he play \\"Misty.\\" I think that the version he plays is by Errol Garner.Caroline: Who knew that, in between bake sales, my mother was Anas Nin?
0061537934|5.0|I loved this book!!!  The author did a phenominal job in the use of his speech and adjectives as Enzo.  It was very believable to what you might think your dog would think or say.  Laugh out loud funny and sad story.  Enzo is a wonderful soul.    Highly recommended!!!  Two barks!!!
031606792X|1.0|What a huge dissappointment. I purchased this book in hopes that Stephanie Meyer would tie the series up in an appropriate way, not neccessarily perfect but satisfactory. This did not happen.    From the start her books each started to get stranger and stranger. Which I accepted. But this one is out in left field. It is defiantely the most bizarre and not in a good way. She had so much material to work with and could have gone in so many directions but she chose the weirdest and somewhat grossest.    (Spoiler)  First she gets pregnant with someone who is half dead. How does that work? Then she has a pregnancy that lasts, what 3 weeks (or something like that). Not very relistic. And Rosalie all of the sudden becomes her best friend, hungrily awaiting what would seem like her own baby. And don't even get me started on how the baby is delivered, eating its way out. That's just nasty. And then all the bite marks. I doubt she would be a hottie after all that.    Then her best friend who is in love with her imprints on her baby, which is just appauling and disturbing. Especially when he could have totally imprinted on Leah, which woud have been a more obvious choice and would have made a lot more sense. Jacob and Leah could have been very happy together, understanding what each has been through and moving on together. This part just was too much for me.    The book was way too wordy and weird for me with all of her so called explanations for all kinds of stuff that really go nowhere. The only reason I finished this book was because I got hurt in an accident and had nothing better to do with my time.     SPARE YOURSELF AND ASK SOMEONE WHO HAS READ IT ALREADY TO GIVE YOU A SUMMARIZED VERSION OF THE STORY. YOU'LL BE GRATEFUL YOU DID!
B001B71NOI|4.0|When Discipline first popped up, it was a great shock and the song was amazing. The only strange thing is, well, it seemed like somewhat of a demo. The way he begins singing too early then stops and then the way the songs cuts out early. Hey, who am I to complain? After the insult that was Ghosts I-IV, I was very grateful.       Then he follows it up with a complete FREE album! Suddenly, I am no longer angry about the meager $5 I spent on Ghosts (not a bad price for 2 CD's, so I really had no right to complain EVER). At first, it was a rush- everyone trying to download at once. I don't remember if, at the time, we knew it was going to remain available forever. Whatever the case, I couldn't get it fast enough.       I did not listen to a single track until I had them all and in order. I found a nice beach to sit and listen and I was blown away! I loved Year Zero, and With Teeth was 75% awesome, but the Slip was/is brilliant. Even the instrumental stuff worked perfectly(he just released 36 instrumental songs, why any more?). More than that, my fear that this would just be a collection of odds and ends from the last few albums (like the missing Not So Pretty Now, Non-Entity, the Life You Didn't Lead, and Message to No One in Particular), some just re-named, was thankfully unfounded. This was an album of songs that fit together perfectly.      Now on to the whole point of my \\"review\\". As a collector, I needed the Slip in physical form. Sure, in the back of my mind I was hoping the rumours of an entire new disc or a few bonus tracks were true, but aside from the live in the studio stuff, I found nothing new (I'm sure there is some \\"secret code or trick\\" someone will find soon, but until then, I feel I am allowed to complain about the one SINGLE problem with the CD version of the Slip; Discipline has not been fixed! Maybe the early start on the vocals was intentional, after all, it sounds cool, but THE END!!! They did not fix the end. It just cuts off! That drives mecrazy. Everything else about this CD is perfect- the mysterious artwork, the stickers (is there 1 for every song?), lyrics, the bonus disc. It's all great save that ONE nails-on-a-chalkboard aggrivation. And why Discipline out of all the songs? Why not Letting You (not that I dislike Letting You, but if I HAD to pick a \\"least favorite\\", then...)      Still, these years have taught me, NIN has GREAT re-sale value, so buy as many copies as you can because A LOT of people are going to be sitting back saying \\"why bother? I can get it for free.\\", but a few years from now, like all the other NIN stuff, people will be searching high and low. And even though I did end up buying my copy, I still want to say \\"THANK YOU\\" to Trent Reznor for doing something this amazing just to thank his fans.
B0010X8NF0|2.0|To start this review off i'm a huge fan of the movies wes anderson had cowrote/directed but something is seriously wrong with this movie. No it's not the acting, the actors did a great job fulfiling there duties in this film. The problem seems to be with the screenplay. At times this movies drags on and on. IDK i guess everyone makes a bad movie (exp. Kevin Smith with Mallrats). But there's no way this is a good movie. It starts out pretty lame and by the end of the movie you almost wish you would have had that cigarette and drink that was constantly used as a catch phrase by owen wilson. I don't reccomend this movie mainly because it's a disgrace to american films. there really is nothing except a whole new screenplay that could of saved this movie. Still if you a wes anderson fan i know you'll check it out. Please don't be disappointed tho when you see what i'm talking about. This is no \\"rushmore\\" this is just crap. Still the acting in it is pretty good but that doesn't make up for the fact that the screenplay sucks. I seriously was pissed after this movie hoping for a great american film and getting something that'll be in the five dollar bin at walmart in 5 years. Please Wes next time write a good movie like the ones you use to do!
B0013HRTV2|5.0|This 1984 album, the last of Cohen's folk masterpieces and one subtly spiced with country, never grows stale due to the intricacy of its arrangements - vocal & instrumental - while perennially revealing deeper layers of metaphysical & symbolic significance. Or as one ages one understands better! Particularly sublime is the interaction of male & female vocals calibrated to bring out the best in both. The devotion and the vocals of Anjani Thomas and [[ASIN:B000OPO6WY Jennifer Warnes]] make a major contribution to the music's enduring beauty.<br /><br />Cohen's gift of melody & rhythm finds buoyant expression in Dance Me to the End Of Love which may sound catchy and even frisky like a simple pop tune but if one pays attention multiple meanings & possibilities emerge. In contrast, Coming Back to You unfolds slowly and solemnly through a graceful melody wed to imagery that navigates delicately between romantic & divine love. The two tracks The Law and The Night Comes On evoke something of [[ASIN:1931082693 John Berryman's]] poetic sensibility ... The Moon and the Night and the Men, The Song of the Tortured Girl and above all, Sonnet number 34.<br /><br />The Night Comes On may be the absolute highlight of this album, a rare gem ranking amongst the greatest of Cohen's songs. Like assembling a pearl necklace, it strings striking images of the domestic & personal, the universal, the spiritual, historical and prophetic on a thread of longing. As the song unfolds, the symbolism unleashes an almost supernatural power that stirs the psyche hinting at or conjuring vague specters of ancient memories. There are close correspondences in the song Anthem on [[ASIN:B0000028W9 The Future]].<br /><br />Being familiar with John Cale's soaring version of Hallelujah on the tribute album [[ASIN:B000002ISX I'm Your Fan]] and Jeff Buckley's on Grace, Cohen's own sounds somewhat monotone and subdued, still beautiful but constrained within a narrow range compared to the aforementioned. The tale of David & Batsheba that started with desire, led to murder & a string of tragedies but was ultimately transformed into the redemptive, relies in the songwriter's version on the atmosphere created by the female vocals rather than his voice.<br /><br />The words of the rhythmic lilting song The Captain with its tinkling piano, tangy country flavor & ironic comment on \\"some country-western song\\" contain & conceal more than they reveal as they undulate on the tune & the beat. Then the tempo drops for the cold & alienating Hunter's Lullaby that in arrangement (not mood) resembles the 1979 album [[ASIN:B0000025HJ Recent Songs]]. The message is baffling but may refer to the subconscious impulses that isolate & lead us astray. There is a sense of menace & desolation without the redemptive introspection of The Beast In Me by Nick Lowe on his album [[ASIN:B000003NOZ The Impossible Bird]].<br /><br />Cohen's mysticism, masked or open, infuses every song. It manifests most painfully in Hunter's Lullaby & most inspiringly in The Law, The Night Comes On & The Captain while in Heart With No Companion it shines like a thousand suns. The healing power can go everywhere and reach anyone, only & exactly because it has been shattered. It recalls the crack in everything that allows the light in on the aforementioned Anthem, a reference to the shattering of the vessels as explained in the Arizal's [[ASIN:0979597102 Etz Chayim (The Tree of Life: The Palace of Adam Kadmon)]] as preserved by Rabbi Vital, and less clearly in the Zohar.<br /><br />The impassioned Heart With No Companion combines a lilting uptempo beat & hypnotic tune with lyrics contemplating disillusionment, shattered dreams & immobilizing fear exacerbated by a terrifying prophecy:  \\"Through the days of shame that are coming/through the nights of wild distress\\". These negatives are all erased, however, by the lines: \\"Now I greet you from the other side/Of sorrow and despair/With a love so vast and shattered/It will reach you everywhere\\".  The defiance expressed by: \\"Though your promise count for nothing/You must keep it none the less\\" is in fact the antidote to nihilism, affirming the primacy of spirit and of the word. Land Of Plenty on [[ASIN:B00005Q45W Ten New Songs]] covers some of the same territory: \\"For the Christ who has not risen/From the caverns of the heart/For what's left of our religion/I lift my voice and pray/May the lights in the land of plenty/Shine on the truth some day\\".<br /><br />If Hunter's Lullaby seemingly submits to despair whilst Heart With No Companion directly defies it, the final song is a prayer of intercession on an ancient pattern, the same to which The Lord's Prayer conforms. With praise and reverence, If It Be Your Will intercedes not only for the tormented souls in hell but for all the children in their \\"rags of light,\\" the remnants of the shattered vessels. As a sung prayer it is as moving as Calling My Children Home performed by Emmylou Harris on [[ASIN:B000009NTV Spyboy]] although it is serene where Emmylou's song yearns with burning heartache. The one represents Rachel weeping for her children whilst the other calms the tempest with trust in the Eternal Divine, knowing that Spirit in mercy overrules The Law (of cause & effect).<br /><br />Revisiting Anjani and Jennifer, I highly recommend the first's inspiring album [[ASIN:B00005K8SO The Sacred Names]] on which she sings in Hebrew, Ancient Greek, Aramaic, Portuguese & English, and the second's sensitive interpretations of Cohen compositions on her Famous Blue Raincoat, the Twentieth Anniversary edition that has been enhanced by four extra tracks: The Night Comes On, Ballad of the Runaway Horse, If It Be Your Will & Joan of Arc live in Antwerp where the Novecento Orchestra, West Brabants Operakoor & De Tweede Adem support Jenny & her band, adding depth to Cohen's elegy to the Maid of Orleans.ough your promise count for nothing/You must keep it none the less\\" is in fact the antidote to nihilism, affirming the primacy of spirit and of the word. Land Of Plenty on [[ASIN:B00005Q45W Ten New Songs]] covers some of the same territory: \\"For the Christ who has not risen/From the caverns of the heart/For what's left of our religion/I lift my voice and pray/May the lights in the land of plenty/Shine on the truth some day\\".     If Hunter's Lullaby seemingly submits to despair whilst Heart With No Companion directly defies it, the final song is a prayer of intercession on an ancient pattern, the same to which The Lord's Prayer conforms. With praise and reverence, If It Be Your Will intercedes not only for the tormented souls in hell but for all the children in their \\"rags of light,\\" the remnants of the shattered vessels. As a sung prayer it is as moving as Calling My Children Home performed by Emmylou Harris on [[ASIN:B000009NTV Spyboy]] although it is serene where Emmylou's song yearns with burning heartache. The one represents Rachel weeping for her children whilst the other calms the tempest with trust in the Eternal Divine, knowing that Spirit in mercy overrules The Law (of cause & effect).    Revisiting Anjani and Jennifer, I highly recommend the first's inspiring album [[ASIN:B00005K8SO The Sacred Names]] on which she sings in Hebrew, Ancient Greek, Aramaic, Portuguese & English, and the second's sensitive interpretations of Cohen compositions on her Famous Blue Raincoat, the Twentieth Anniversary edition that has been enhanced by four extra tracks: The Night Comes On, Ballad of the Runaway Horse, If It Be Your Will & Joan of Arc live in Antwerp where the Novecento Orchestra, West Brabants Operakoor & De Tweede Adem support Jenny & her band, adding depth to Cohen's elegy to the Maid of Orleans.
B001AJVR5M|2.0|No use in attempting to comprehend the masses - it's a moot exercise and only gets you grief.  All one can do is try to understand the appeal of three pimply-faced, goofy-looking, over-emotional, tin-eared, tone-deaf Jesus freak brothers currently taking the tween world like a gale storm.  Well, we can start with the songs ~ frothy, wanting (rarely in their lyrics do the brothers break someone's heart, lest they send their fan base to the medicine cabinets), clich&eacute;d beyond repair. As musicians they mmm-bop along competent enough as many a teen in their bedroom - or on YouTube - do, unseasoned and self-conscious.  As singers, they make Hanson sound like the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, yelping and bleating to the squeals of the pre-menstrual millions.<br />The rampant Hanson comparisons are inequitable.  Save for \\"MMM Bop\\" (a power pop dream come true that unfortunately jettisoned the brothers to the land of the One Hit Wonders), Taylor and his brothers are more aware of their aesthete than the JBs have yet to, or perhaps ever will. They're milking it for all its worth, and it is worth multi-millions. They're no fools; they're the luckiest kids on earth. Save for Miley. Heh, maybe Jesus DOES save.  My grade: C+
B000N2RNH8|5.0|This 1984 album, the last of Cohen's folk masterpieces and one subtly spiced with country, never grows stale due to the intricacy of its arrangements - vocal & instrumental - while perennially revealing deeper layers of metaphysical & symbolic significance. Or as one ages one understands better! Particularly sublime is the interaction of male & female vocals calibrated to bring out the best in both. The devotion and the vocals of Anjani Thomas and [[ASIN:B000OPO6WY Jennifer Warnes]] make a major contribution to the music's enduring beauty.<br /><br />Cohen's gift of melody & rhythm finds buoyant expression in Dance Me to the End Of Love which may sound catchy and even frisky like a simple pop tune but if one pays attention multiple meanings & possibilities emerge. In contrast, Coming Back to You unfolds slowly and solemnly through a graceful melody wed to imagery that navigates delicately between romantic & divine love. The two tracks The Law and The Night Comes On evoke something of [[ASIN:1931082693 John Berryman's]] poetic sensibility ... The Moon and the Night and the Men, The Song of the Tortured Girl and above all, Sonnet number 34.<br /><br />The Night Comes On may be the absolute highlight of this album, a rare gem ranking amongst the greatest of Cohen's songs. Like assembling a pearl necklace, it strings striking images of the domestic & personal, the universal, the spiritual, historical and prophetic on a thread of longing. As the song unfolds, the symbolism unleashes an almost supernatural power that stirs the psyche hinting at or conjuring vague specters of ancient memories. There are close correspondences in the song Anthem on [[ASIN:B0000028W9 The Future]].<br /><br />Being familiar with John Cale's soaring version of Hallelujah on the tribute album [[ASIN:B000002ISX I'm Your Fan]] and Jeff Buckley's on Grace, Cohen's own sounds somewhat monotone and subdued, still beautiful but constrained within a narrow range compared to the aforementioned. The tale of David & Batsheba that started with desire, led to murder & a string of tragedies but was ultimately transformed into the redemptive, relies in the songwriter's version on the atmosphere created by the female vocals rather than his voice.<br /><br />The words of the rhythmic lilting song The Captain with its tinkling piano, tangy country flavor & ironic comment on \\"some country-western song\\" contain & conceal more than they reveal as they undulate on the tune & the beat. Then the tempo drops for the cold & alienating Hunter's Lullaby that in arrangement (not mood) resembles the 1979 album [[ASIN:B0000025HJ Recent Songs]]. The message is baffling but may refer to the subconscious impulses that isolate & lead us astray. There is a sense of menace & desolation without the redemptive introspection of The Beast In Me by Nick Lowe on his album [[ASIN:B000003NOZ The Impossible Bird]].<br /><br />Cohen's mysticism, masked or open, infuses every song. It manifests most painfully in Hunter's Lullaby & most inspiringly in The Law, The Night Comes On & The Captain while in Heart With No Companion it shines like a thousand suns. The healing power can go everywhere and reach anyone, only & exactly because it has been shattered. It recalls the crack in everything that allows the light in on the aforementioned Anthem, a reference to the shattering of the vessels as explained in the Arizal's [[ASIN:0765760118 The Tree of Life: Introduction to the Kabbalah of Isaac Luria]] as preserved by Rabbi Vital, and less clearly in the Zohar.<br /><br />The impassioned Heart With No Companion combines a lilting uptempo beat & hypnotic tune with lyrics contemplating disillusionment, shattered dreams & immobilizing fear exacerbated by a terrifying prophecy:  \\"Through the days of shame that are coming/through the nights of wild distress\\". These negatives are all erased, however, by the lines: \\"Now I greet you from the other side/Of sorrow and despair/With a love so vast and shattered/It will reach you everywhere\\".  The defiance expressed by: \\"Though your promise count for nothing/You must keep it none the less\\" is in fact the antidote to nihilism, affirming the primacy of spirit and of the word. Land Of Plenty on [[ASIN:B00005Q45W Ten New Songs]] covers some of the same territory: \\"For the Christ who has not risen/From the caverns of the heart/For what's left of our religion/I lift my voice and pray/May the lights in the land of plenty/Shine on the truth some day\\".<br /><br />If Hunter's Lullaby seemingly submits to despair whilst Heart With No Companion directly defies it, the final song is a prayer of intercession on an ancient pattern, the same to which The Lord's Prayer conforms. With praise and reverence, If It Be Your Will intercedes not only for the tormented souls in hell but for all the children in their \\"rags of light,\\" the remnants of the shattered vessels. As a sung prayer it is as moving as Calling My Children Home performed by Emmylou Harris on [[ASIN:B000009NTV Spyboy]] although it is serene where Emmylou's song yearns with burning heartache. The one represents Rachel weeping for her children whilst the other calms the tempest with trust in the Eternal Divine, knowing that Spirit in mercy overrules The Law (of cause & effect).<br /><br />Revisiting Anjani and Jennifer, I highly recommend the first's inspiring album [[ASIN:B00005K8SO The Sacred Names]] on which she sings in Hebrew, Ancient Greek, Aramaic, Portuguese & English, and the second's sensitive interpretations of Cohen compositions on her Famous Blue Raincoat, the Twentieth Anniversary edition that has been enhanced by four extra tracks: The Night Comes On, Ballad of the Runaway Horse, If It Be Your Will & Joan of Arc live in Antwerp where the Novecento Orchestra, West Brabants Operakoor & De Tweede Adem support Jenny & her band, adding depth to Cohen's elegy to the Maid of Orleans.: \\"Though your promise count for nothing/You must keep it none the less\\" is in fact the antidote to nihilism, affirming the primacy of spirit and of the word. Land Of Plenty on [[ASIN:B00005Q45W Ten New Songs]] covers some of the same territory: \\"For the Christ who has not risen/From the caverns of the heart/For what's left of our religion/I lift my voice and pray/May the lights in the land of plenty/Shine on the truth some day\\".     If Hunter's Lullaby seemingly submits to despair whilst Heart With No Companion directly defies it, the final song is a prayer of intercession on an ancient pattern, the same to which The Lord's Prayer conforms. With praise and reverence, If It Be Your Will intercedes not only for the tormented souls in hell but for all the children in their \\"rags of light,\\" the remnants of the shattered vessels. As a sung prayer it is as moving as Calling My Children Home performed by Emmylou Harris on [[ASIN:B000009NTV Spyboy]] although it is serene where Emmylou's song yearns with burning heartache. The one represents Rachel weeping for her children whilst the other calms the tempest with trust in the Eternal Divine, knowing that Spirit in mercy overrules The Law (of cause & effect).    Revisiting Anjani and Jennifer, I highly recommend the first's inspiring album [[ASIN:B00005K8SO The Sacred Names]] on which she sings in Hebrew, Ancient Greek, Aramaic, Portuguese & English, and the second's sensitive interpretations of Cohen compositions on her Famous Blue Raincoat, the Twentieth Anniversary edition that has been enhanced by four extra tracks: The Night Comes On, Ballad of the Runaway Horse, If It Be Your Will & Joan of Arc live in Antwerp where the Novecento Orchestra, West Brabants Operakoor & De Tweede Adem support Jenny & her band, adding depth to Cohen's elegy to the Maid of Orleans.
031606792X|5.0|\\"Breaking Dawn\\" was most definetly an excellent ending to the Twilight saga. This book really does tie everything together and has a great ending but I must admit that during some parts in the middle of \\"Breaking Dawn\\" I wasn't positive if I was going to give it five stars or not. Stephenie Meyer seemed to change some of the characters a bit but in the end I do think that she fixed the minor problems.<br /><br />Bella is in love with Edward Cullen and they get married happily ever after - or is it? After their romantic honeymoon getaway Bella and the rest of the Cullen family is shocked by a strange occurance that seems to be the only one of its kind. And because of this strange thing, The Volutri are after them and it looks to be the end for Bella and Edward's love.<br /><br />This is an excellent book and I hope that you all try it out and enjoy it as much as I have - you won't be able to put it down!
B000UBMWG4|5.0|I was a teenager when BLADE RUNNER was on Madrids movie theaters.One Sunday I went to the theater and the film was retired! I had to wait two years and I saw the VHS at last. I bought Directors Cut DVD at the begining of this Century but this edition is impossible to overcome!
0714845183|5.0|beautifull book a number of people at my life drawing session have seen it and want a copy
B0018O4YSQ|4.0|Yes, Dark City is my favorite movie ever made, and while this Blu-ray is the way to watch it, it still doesn't get the respect it deserves.    Included on the disc are the original Theatrical cut and the new Directors cut (who would have thought you could improve on near perfection?). Many great special features and generally everything you could ask for. Except good video quality.    While this release looks good (for a 10 year old film) and better than DVD, Dark City deserves better, so I can only give this 4/5. None-the-less, Dark City is worth your time and this Blu-ray is the best way to see it. As a film it stands with the best of dystopian Sci-Fi like Blade Runner, so if you haven't seen it, you need to.    I wish more reviewers would remember, we are rating the Blu-ray here, not the film. We have to consider the entire package, and while Dark City is a 5 star film, this is not a 5 star release.
B000E41MS6|5.0|Got this for my fiance and I to watch, is a very good up take of the 70's show of the same name the \\"new\\" Doctor's are great and Hilarious... I think it is a must own for a sci-fi fan.
031606792X|1.0|My world was like a moonless night. And then the Twilight series shot across my sky like a meteor... but then Breaking Dawn blew it into smithereens using every fanfiction clich&eacute; I've ever hated and then there was no more reason for anything.
B001AW9DKK|1.0|It is very sad to witness some of the greatest artists of our generation forego (and therefor deprive us of) their art just to swim in the shallow pool of political ideology. It is hard enough to swallow when Nashville \\"entertainers\\" go this route for the other side of the aisle but when true artists like CSNY, Steve Earle and Bruce Springsteen do it all you can do is cry. Would you buy a CD with Bill Clinton on sax, Condi Rice on piano and Mike Huckabee on bass? I didn't think so!! Why would you want your geo-political philosophy to flow from the likes of the author of the book \\"Almost Gone\\"?!?! All rational people are \\"anti-war\\" but there are plenty of irrational dictators, theocrats, communists, totalitarianists, fascists etcetera in the world that make war very difficult to avoid from time to time. If free people did not fight people who would take their freedom from them then infantile expressions of political ideology like Neil Young makes on this record would cease to exist. If the U.S. armed forces vanished today it would take Vladimir Putin about a week to cross the Bering Straight and lay claim to every last drop of oil in Mr. Young's country. If he is too naive to see that why would we care what his political opinions are? It is not a strech to say that this CD would not exist if it were not for wars prosecuted in the defense of freedom by valiant and virtuous men and women throughout history. Great art can enrich 100% of our lives. Political ideology can only fuel the fire of the false self in a maximum of 50% of us. What would make any sane artist trade one for the other? Some of the music on this CD is very good but the experience is ruined by the persistent lyrical insults to common sense.
B000XUUQQK|3.0|I have seen a lot of bad horror movies but I really liked this one.  Of course, you had to suspend belief quite a bit but I felt some true scares and some of the deaths were innovative.  Same old ending set up for a sequel though.  Give it a try...you could do worse.
B001E2JNA6|5.0|Of all the Jane Austen movies, the 1996 miniseries \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" stands head and shoulders above the rest.<br /><br />In fact, it's a pretty brilliant miniseries all on its own, remaining faithful to the original comedy of manners but never letting fidelity slow it to tedium. And Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth's inspired performances as the fiery Lizzie and the initially snotty Mr. Darcy are what define this movie and send it way over the top. It's sort of a thinking-girl's romance movie.<br /><br />The Bennett family is in an uproar when wealthy Mr. Bingley (Crispin Bonham-Carter) moves into the neighborhood, and Mrs. Bennett is especially happy when he takes a liking to eldest Jane (Susannah Harker). But her forthright, independent sister Lizzie (Jennifer Ehle) immediately butts heads with wealthy, aloof Mr. Darcy (Colin Firth), who scorns the rural village.<br /><br />A flurry of proposals, road trips and friendships arrive, with Lizzie fending off her slimy cousin Mr. Collins, and befriending the flirty, hunky Wickham (Adrian Lukis), who claims to have been wronged by Darcy. Lizzie believes Wickham's account -- and she's in for a shock when Darcy unexpectedly proposes, and reveals what Wickham won't tell her.<br /><br />And finally things take a scandalous turn when Lizzie's idiotic younger sister Lydia (Julia Sawalha) elopes with Wickham, and vanishes without a trace. This was before the Web, obviously, so finding missing people was problematic. The family is plunged into disgrace, which also wrecks any chances of marriage for the other daughters. The only one who can set things right is Darcy, who will do whatever he must to make amends to Lizzie.<br /><br />It's obvious from the very first scenes -- when Lizzie jokingly comments that \\"a man of good fortune MUST be in want of a wife\\" -- that this is an adaptation that was done with love and respect for Austen's original novel. The subplots, characters and atmosphere of \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" are all here, and are handled like a series of well-polished antiques.<br /><br />The plot unfolds slowly, one piece at a time, but with several subplots that tie together as the story progresses. For a miniseries, it's actually rather spare and lacking in filler. And the dialogue -- based on Austen's -- is wonderfully well-written and not just a little satirical (\\"Beauty is not the only virtue, Lizzie. She has just inherited a fortune of ten thousand pounds, I understand.\\" \\"Now THAT is a definite virtue!\\").<br /><br />And the time period is recreated with loving detail, from the muddy roads to the sweeping mansions with elaborate grounds. Even the hairstyles are recreated, even when unflattering to some of the actresses such as Ehle. And the entire plot is steeped in the mores of 19th-century England, with the attitudes toward marriage, love, and propriety that bound everyone (especially women), and the all-encompassing Society that dictated everything.<br /><br />The casting of the leads is absolutely perfect for this movie: Ehle and Firth are nothing short of brilliant. Both are witty, smart, literate, clever and a bit snotty in their own ways. Firth's Darcy is a selfish man who gradually becomes warm and kind, and Firth's features and body language soften as this happens. Ehle's Lizzie is strong, independent, beautiful, and Darcy's equal in every way. And neither will marry for anything but true love.<br /><br />They're also backed by an excellent supporting cast, complete with slimy clergy, screeching moms, sly seducers, sardonic fathers, innocent (and sometimes slutty) sisters and aristocratic old harpies adding colour to it all. Sawalha is especially good as the 19th-century teenybopper type, and Alison Steadman gives a grating but suitable performance as the whiny, marriage-obsessed Mrs. Bennett, who constantly laments about her nerves.<br /><br />\\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is the cream of the Austen crop, and an understatedly romantic movie as well. Well-written and full oflove and care, but the leads are what make it truly amazing.
B0002OERI0|5.0|I have heard all the songs on Insomniac and Dookie and loved them.When I got this I was expecting kind of the same music but got totaly different and I like it.They kinda got away from their punk roots but that's fine by me.I love all the songs on here.The only song that I could live without was Rock and Roll Girlfriend segment on Homecoming.My personal favorite song on the album was either Holiday or Saint Jimmy.The lyrics are sometimes hard to understand because of his accent but you can always go on google to see what they are.The guitar,drum,and backup singers all are very talented and do a fantastic job.Recommended to any Green Day fan.
031606792X|5.0|It seems as if a lot of fans are upset because the story of Breaking Dawn didn't go exactly as they had thought it would.  I have to admit, I'm GLAD I was surprised! I came late to the Twilight world, reading the first 3 books back-to-back earlier this summer, and then again just before Breaking Dawn was released. So perhaps, although I had an idea of how I thought the series would end, I hadn't had time to let that idea cement in my mind to the point where the real ending would seem like a betrayal. Whatever the reason, I LOVED Breaking Dawn.  It was totally different than I thought it would be, kept me utterly engaged, and seemed very true to the characters Stephenie Meyer had written.      Does that mean that some of the plot points didn't shock me?  Of course not!  I had to put the book down and catch my breath when I realized the meaning of the Jacob scene at the end of book 2 (there are plenty of other reviews with spoilers...see them if you want to ruin the surprise here). But I kept an open mind and I let the author take me where SHE wanted the story to go, not where I expected it to be.    That's what I would urge the other readers of Breaking Dawn to do...keep an open mind.  Don't take your preconceived notions of how the series should end and let them ruin the fun. This is a great ending to a great series, and I'm certainly looking foward to Ms. Meyer's next project.
B0002TJGQS|5.0|I like it very much 5 batterys for 5.48.<br /><br />ordered it on aug 15 2008 came to my mail box on monday aug 18th 2008 thank you for a great product.
031606792X|1.0|Obviously there are hundreds of people writing reviews for this series but I still felt compelled to add my own response. I thought the original idea of the book was very romantic.  I know everyone has a different desire from the book and an author couldn't begin to please everyone, but I still wished this whole series had been taken in a very different direction.  First of all, I am an older woman and not one of the teenage fan base.  I am not a lover of cheesy romance novels but at first this story captured me.    HOWEVER, while I know many reviews felt the opposite I hate the whole love triangle thing.  As previously mentioned by others, Edward goes from being the love of Bella's life to loved a little bit more than Jacob.  Where did that whole \\"suddently I'm in love with Jacob thing\\" come from?  It TOTALLY ruined the book for me and the whole definition of the two main characters.  Also, she has the characters switching personalities all the time.  First Edward won't give in to Bella who has been begging for. . .  (well you know) the whole time and then suddenly at the end of Eclipse Bella decides to wait after all.  How stupid. . .  The battle scenes were pretty poor and this book had so much potential-and went completely flat!!!!    As for the final book, (SPOILERS) I could not believe how dumb it became.  I didn't purchase the book due to the reviews but I went to the bookstore and skimmed through it.  Wow-what a let down.  WHERE THE HECK DID THE STUPID BABY COME FROM????  Oh my God-that whole dynamic of Edward being the greatest love of her life to the child.  We get enough of that in the real world-don't ruin a fantasy with it.  And the sex scenes-or lack of them-how lame.  A tasteful scene would have really helped the book.  And the way Bella finally became a vampire?  Oh please. . .  It was so bad I couldn't believe it.  And then I heard from other reviewers a part I thank God had missed while skimming.  Edward offering Bella to Jacob-wow that REALLY trashes and ruins everything.  Sad, sad, sad!!!!!  I refuse to read any more OR ever see the movie.  I finished the book using my own imagination.  Avoid this book!!!!
0757302661|5.0|My husband and I agreed that we both wanted a natural childbirth before getting pregnant with our daughter.  When the time came to actually start thinking about our plans, I did a lot of research.  I searched message boards that I was part of, I searched Google, Amazon, asked friends and family members before purchasing this and several other books.  This was the book we used almost extensively though.  I did attend the classes (approximately $300 for six 2 1/2 hour classes which includes a copy of the book, the CD included with the book and another supplemental CD also available to purchase from the HypnoBirthing website).<br /><br />Yes, the classes really helped a lot, but the book and CD that came with the book helped a lot, too.  I read the book several times and practiced the relaxation techniques often.  I listened to the CD almost daily during my lunch break.<br /><br />The night before I gave birth, I listened to my CD, sat on my birthing ball and just relaxed for about an hour - which I think greatly helped my labor.  When the day of labor and delivery came, I progressed extremely quickly - from 3 cm to 10 cm in about 1 1/2 hours.  I never could figure out the birthing breath even with my instructor's help, so I did \\"push\\" my daughter out.  But overall, I had the most amazing birth experience I could have ever asked for.  I honestly don't remember the pain of delivery.  I remember the pain of my contractions, but that was mainly because the pain was almost completely in my hips and felt like very bad arthritis pain (which I already have in my hips).<br /><br />I let my cousin borrow this book as well.  They weren't able to take the classes, but she had a natural childbirth as well and said that the book was a huge help to her.<br /><br />I'm already pregnant again and we no doubt will be using Ms. Mongan's method with this birth, too.  If you are planning on a natural childbirth experience, I highly recommend this book.
0894803123|5.0|Ever since I bought my wife this book and the ice cream attachment for the Kitchen Aid mixer, my life has gotten much better. Most of my favorite Ben and Jerry's ice creams are in here and they taste almost exactly like the real thing! If you own an ice cream maker, this is definitely part of the required reading!
0307269191|5.0|Most of us probably have had the unpleasant experience of being collared by a friend who is intent on sharing the details of some passion --- whether it's golf, stamp collecting or scuba diving --- about which we know little and care less. As a non-runner, I approached Haruki Murakami's memoir with some of the trepidation that attends those conversations. Instead I found a spritely, engaging story of one writer's quarter-century encounter with serious running and how that pursuit has threaded its way meaningfully through his life. Focusing in the main on the period from August 2005 through the New York City Marathon on November 6, 2005 (his 24th marathon since 1982), Murakami blends snippets of autobiography, descriptions of his running life and insights on the craft of writing into an entertaining mix.    Murakami, author of critically acclaimed and popular novels like THE WIND-UP BIRD CHRONICLE and KAFKA ON THE SHORE, started running at the age of 33, turning to it as casually as he apparently did writing (\\"One day, out of the blue, I wanted to write a novel. And one day, out of the blue, I started to run --- simply because I wanted to.\\"). Refreshingly, he's no proselytizer for the sport, conceding that \\"I've tried my best never to say something like, Running is great. Everybody should try it. If some people have an interest in long-distance running, just leave them be, and they'll start running on their own.\\"    Departing from the central time frame of the memoir (the origin of whose title should be readily known to fans of Raymond Carver, for whose work he confesses his admiration and which he has translated into Japanese), Murakami provides a lyrical account of his first \\"marathon,\\" one that took him backwards on the original route, from Athens to Marathon (in fact, one mile shorter than the standard marathon distance of 26.2 miles) in the searing heat of a Greek summer. He describes his single ultramarathon (62 miles, completed in 11 hours and 42 minutes) in such grim detail as to make one question the sanity of anyone running such a race. While doing so, he brings to bear the novelist's keen eye for detail in describing the closing stretch of the race: \\"Evening had come on...and the air had a special clarity to it. I could also smell the deep grass of the beginning of summer. I saw a few foxes, too, gathered in a field. They looked at us runners curiously. Thick, meaningful clouds, like something out of a nineteenth century British landscape painting, covered the sky.\\"    Murakami hasn't confined his athletic activities to long-distance running. In the 1990s he competed in his first triathlon. His account of the training to overcome the panic he experienced at the beginning of the swimming leg in an event in 2000, ultimately disqualifying him, is both candid and instructive. In the final triathlon described in the book, he makes gentle sport of how the Vaseline he applied to make his swimsuit easier to remove fogged his swimming goggles and how his shoelaces became untied during the running leg.    Although Murakami offers brief glimpses into the subjects that engage him and his view of the writing craft (\\"manual labor,\\" as he describes it at one point), there's no strained effort here to draw parallels between his running and writing lives or to import cosmic lessons from one realm to the other. More by indirection, he hints at the ways in which similar qualities --- dogged persistence, attention to detail, a willingness to press on in a solitary way through extended periods of effort --- inform and enrich both pursuits.    Although he admits to something of a prickly nature, Murakami's tone throughout is self-effacing, even self-critical at times. He's a realist about the ravages of age: \\"Even when I grow old and feeble, when people warn me it's about time to throw in the towel, I won't care. As long as my body allows, I'll keep on running.\\" And while he hopes to pursue his passions for many years, he has already decided he wants to be buried under a tombstone that reads, in part, \\"At Least He Never Walked.\\"    Murakami's small memoir didn't inspire me to leap from my chair and lace up my Nikes, but you don't have to be a runner to enjoy this reflective book by one of Japan's most prominent contemporary novelists.        --- Reviewed by Harvey Freedenberg
B00005OM4K|5.0|You get one CD of Tommy Fogerty and the Blue Velvets, one CD of the Golliwogs, all the CCR studio ablums (ablums?) and two live concerts.  One concert is the four piece and the other concert is the three piece.  All remastered.    Now, you have to buy the boxed set to get the remastered, original track listing of the three piece concert.  Otherwise, you end up purchasing a CD with a few tracks missing.  Bugger that.  Especially when its Sweet Hitchhiker that was one of the tracks cut.    Well worth the money.
B000K4WLXA|5.0|Loved it!  The Limited Edition comes with Last Order, which is a 30 min. anime of Cloud and Zack running from Shinra, FF7 Advent Children script, FF7 Advent Children Novel (it tells about what the gang has been up to in between FF7 the game and FF7 Advent Children.  Specifically Barret, Tifa, and Denzel), and some sweet scans of some of the main characters.  Super awesome!
B00009ATIX|2.0|I must apologise to all and sundry who just happened to like this film. The Andrei Tarkovsky 1972 original was a good film (albeit waaaaay too long), so it begs the question: Why a remake? Not to bash George Clooney, but this film was entirely mis-cast. The performances were dry and hollow, and all the actors in this film are capable of much better.    Tarkovsky's film has more than just a passing resemblance to \\"2001, A Space Odyssey\\", and I believe it to be the Soviet equivalent. The ending, a touching twist on the nature of the alien entity, was all but absent in this version. Some previous reviewers remarked on how boring this film was. I have to agree. The Tarkovsky original is long-winded, but easy to follow. This remake has no substance, though it does attempt to put you on the Space Station, all you feel like doing is setting the alarm clock and have a snooze.    For those contemplating watching this film (maybe because of George Clooney, C'mon, admit it), I recommend seeing the Tarkovsky original. It is a better film. The performances of the Russian actors far outweighs the modern technological updating of the remake.
006135323X|5.0|In this book, Dan Ariely describes some of the ways people act and react to various real life economic situations.  He provides great insight into context of why we do some of the things we do and supports his conclusions with examples of some of the research he has performed with other researchers.      Incredibly well written and a quick read.
0316067601|5.0|This is the true story of a band of brothers in Seal Team 10 and there final mssion in the Hindu Kush mountains of Afghanistan. Marcus Luttrell talks about his experiences going through Seal training the friens and family that he has and still remembers. There are many great \\"one liners\\" in this book. He shows a glimps of what the afghanies mainly \\"Pashtun\\" tribesmen are like. Especially th one's that give him \\"lokhay\\". Absolutely incredible, a must read. It will make you think about the U.S. situation for a long time! For man and woman alike.
0321525655|5.0|I had finished Garr's book in 2 days. I found it inspiring, motivating and well designed.    The book is an easy read with good example slides, designs and lots of useful references.    I suggest this book to everyone who wants to improve the effectiveness of their presentations.
B001DE2KB4|3.0|If Nick Jonas would stop singing so nasaly and throaty, this band might actually sound good.  I listen to some of the songs and they are catchy but then I cringe when I hear Nick moan out whiny lyrics...ugh.  Someone needs to tell him that it's not cute.  And if he wants to continue singing that way to change his genre to country.  Other than that I wish them luck and think they seem like nice guys!
B00005JO9J|4.0|From the moment the first few seconds of the pilot of Grey's Anatomy started, I could tell that it was going to entertain me like nothing has before. The characters were fresh and real, the recurring storylines were well-written and real, and most of all, the acting was the best I have ever seen on television. Creator Shonda Rimes has created a medical soap opera that tops all tv shows on the air. The recurring dramatic plots include: George's secret feelings for Meredith, Burke and Shepherd's struggle for power in the OR, Chief Webber's brain cancer, Derek's pursue and controversial romance with Meredith, and Meredith's struggle to keep her mothers disease under wraps. I highly suggest viewing with patience as the show takes its time with the character development and progress. Hopefully seasons to come get better and better.
0393317552|4.0|This book is interesting for those who prefer non-fiction. I bought this book for a friend.
0061120073|5.0|As a senior citizen and former New Yorker, I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book after all these years  Although it takes place in the 1910-1920 era, there were many things that came to my memory ( or what's left of it! )  I did a lot of reminiscing.  I highly recomend it.  especially if your an old timer and a New Yorker
031606792X|1.0|And words clearly escaped Ms. Meyers when she pieced together this book.  Horribly written, almost as if someone else entirely wrote it -- someone who was unfamiliar with the previous three novels in the series.<br /><br />To be clear, I'm not giving it a negative review because I disliked the storyline.  I didn't care for the second book's storyline, but it was still clearly Ms. Meyer's style and thoughts and was, therefore, a respectable book.  This book, however, doesn't even resemble the previous three in the series.  It felt like it was pieced together by a second-rate editor somewhere.  I have a difficult time believing this inferior work was written by Ms. Meyers.<br /><br />I would have rather not read this forth book and left things as they ended in the third book.  An incomplete ending would have been preferable to what I just read.<br /><br />My advice, for those who truly love this series, is to save your money and hope for Midnight Sun, the supposed companion to Twilight, to come out.  Hopefully, Ms. Meyers will actually write Midnight Sun herself and we can have a return to the world of Twilight.
B000I5X81K|5.0|This is an amazing CD if you are a Josh Groban Fan.  Even if you are not, it is a good way to hear a diverse selection of his amazing voice.  It is a great CD.
B00005JNQS|2.0|They are selling 'junk' to your kids on the street?<br />The Robin Williams dialog doesn't redeem this heart<br />chilling comedy.<br />People as robots that you can throw away when their parts fail:<br />what message does this send to the children?<br />A movie for children that says they will be \\"recycled\\"<br />when they get old as spare parts:<br />all this bundled as cutsie animation.<br />Yes, they are making war robots for the future,<br />but a world of robot people is probably fantasy.<br />No one in Hollywood seems to have heard of Asimov<br />when they make this kind of trash movie?<br />I don't like it even with a happy ending.
031606792X|5.0|My favorite books of all time I have never read anything as great as these books, I dont think I will ever find any book again I love as much! Thanks Stephenie!!!!
B000ZLFALI|4.0|What a beautifully bizarre film that brilliantly uses a catchy and heartwarming Beatles soundtrack to show a tempestuous time in our nation's history. Though the movie is at times so bizarre it's confusing, it is easy to get caught up in the stunning and surreal artistic visuals. For me, the best musicals are those that know how to get in your face with pulse-pounding song and dance scenes and can also stir your heart with songs that are sad or romantic.<br /><br />Across the Universe does all of this, frequently. The musical numbers are effective and abundant. Trying to tell a story with songs that weren't originally written for a musical isn't a new concept (see An American in Paris) but it also isn't a simple one. I give Julie Taymor a lot of credit for tackling such a difficult challenge.<br /><br />Unlike some others, I'm not sorry the movie didn't win Best Picture, because it does have its faults that keep it just out of \\"great movie\\" range. But it is very, very good and deserves to be counted as one of the best musicals of all time.
B001BN1ZHW|2.0|I really enjoyed this at the movies, and when I bought the English Blu-ray and watched it again, with 2 exceptions.<br /><br />First, the movie itself (SPOILER ALERT IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN IT!), if only the daughter had lifted the lid and seen Todd kill the mother the despair would have been even greater - not for her, but for Sweeney. If he knew his beloved had seen him commit the act the tragedy would have been even more intense. (END SPOILER) But that's probably a personal and subjective thing, and not why I didn't mark it higher.<br /><br />Secondly, the Blu-ray version of the movie. The reason I only gave this 2 stars is because if it's the same as the English Blu-ray, you may want to save your money, because the heinous digital noise reduction rears its ugly head again. DNR is used to smooth out film grain and artefacts and must be used incredibly judiciously. There seems to be a LOT of ignorance around here about film grain as opposed to video noise, and people complaining wrongheadedly about things looking 'clean' and 'HD'. Let me explain:<br /><br />Visuals are obviously very important to Burton and an integral part of his storytelling. While film stocks have been getting more refined over the last hundred years many directors use higher amounts of grain INTENTIONALLY as a tonal element to literally add 'grit', roughness and a patina of texture to the visuals. It is used to enhance the mood of the movie, and when used by a visually competent director is done with purpose to help sell the tone.<br /><br />The disgusting thing that happened here however is not as pervasive as the abominable PATTON, but even MORE wrongheaded. O.K., so DNR and edge 'enhancement' (ha!) are used to 'clean up' an image (only stuff shot digitally or cg animated films will be completely without grain) but when they get rid of that grain, they obviously obliterate fine detail - so much for 'high-def'! What happened on Todd, a film where obvious grain which is part of the actual structure of the film stock NOT added on top and therefore inextricable from the detail of the picture (without manually supervised frame-by frame instructions), was that they used the plasticising DNR on the faces of Depp and Carter - but ONLY under the eyes and around the nose and cheeks! Not only that but after obliterating the lines there, they didn't even bother to match the film gain in the rest of the plate back on top! So what you get is a horrible smeary plasticy mess. Which sort of defeats the whole purpose of the film in setting a grimy, lined and depressing world of despair and bloody revenge! They're SUPPOSED to be cracked and worn, literally and figuratively!<br /><br />Usually I'm annoyed at people who mark a movie down because it was \\"too dark\\" or some technical reason apart from the actual story and worth of the movie itself. Here however I think I'm justified as whatever marketing moron approved it - probably the same sort that still puts out pan-and-scan for \\"Concerned Disney Christian Mothers' Group\\" types that think for some reason the black bits are put \\"over the top of the picture\\" (one question - why would they?!) - obviously didn't realise that he or she wasn't SUPPOSED to make the stars look pretty and unlined. Did they not noticed the black bags under the eyes? The ghostly makeup? The reason that these actors took the roles in the first place??? It wasn't done to Alan Rickman!<br /><br />'Cleaning them up\\" in such a half-finished way or at all subverts the point of the story and the characters! The promise of HD is that we get as perfect a simulation of the theatrical print as possible. NOT to make it look like a video sports event. It's like the fools working at big stores who turn on the 100/120hz scanning on the HDTVs because it's so high-tech and smooth - that's meant for video-based sporting events (and text)! There's a special mode on ALL these sets to display films in their originally projected 24 frames a second. But they do the 120hz thing because it's 'slick' and 'hd'. Same sort of wrongheadedness as this slathering of DNR on Sweeney Todd. It's all about the original intent.<br /><br />Lift your game, Dreamworks. I'm going to see about a refund on mine - or whether they'll put out a decent update like they did with Fifth Element.<br /><br />Sorry for the massive post everyone, but this is the stupidest thing I've seen in quite a while. If you're the type who doesn't notice fine detail stuff, DON'T bother with the HD version of this. It's an insult to Burton, Depp, Carter and all who made the film.
0385340990|5.0|I found this book wonderful-One I couldn't stop thinking about- This is a relaxing, enjoyable, thought prevoking and educational book that  I highly recommend.
031606792X|4.0|I am probably among the biggest Stephenie Meyer fans I know of. I've read Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse so many times that I lost count after 10. In Twilight I still get butterflies, the beginning of New Moon I always cry (and I mean CRY!), and in Eclipse I still worry for Edward when he fights Victoria. I've read The Host probably around 8 times, and I love both Ian and Jared.    But this... this is something else.    I loved the book. The first time I found it kind of predictable, but still enjoyable. What I didn't predict before reading was the ease of it all. The whole book didn't have the level of conflict that I had hoped for. In the second chapter Bella and Edward get married. That was just WAY too easy!    I expected Bella to run away, go after Jacob or something. I've always hated Jacob, but I did look forward to her chase. I expected a \\"Cullen vs. Werewolf\\" war, and a \\"Cullen vs. Volturi\\" war. Both had potential, but they were both resolved peacefully. What is with that???    AND BELLA HAS A BABY??? I've never wanted that. She could never handle it! Plus, thinking about the... systems required for that, Edward just shouldn't have that potential, should he? And, ohmygoodness, the honeymoon! I was embarrassed to read it in the presence of my family! Did she need that detail? I didn't!    I'm only a teenager and I find it wildly inappropriate that all Bella's problems are resolved when Jacob imprints on her baby (eew). Life isn't that fair, is it? If it were, I'd be pretty psyched for that! But, umm, no, I highly doubt it.     That's basically a list of the bad, but there are so many fabulous parts of the book. Bella's knack for being a vampire; it's intriguing. Her gift is awesome. I love Stephenie Meyer's writing style. I've almost even come to terms with Jacob in my mind now.    Hmm... So, I guess my opinion is mixed: a fabulously satisfying happy ending to a great series vs. no conflict and sending the wrong message to teen girls like myself... I don'tknow. But I do love the book, all things considered.    I hope my review was helpful!
0743290119|5.0|I had a hard time getting into the book at first, but once I got started I loved it.  I would like to read a 10 years later book to update us how these characters lives moved on and changed.
1594481717|5.0|Reading this book will change how you view life - both your own and how you view the world around you.
B00005JM02|5.0|Without a doubt Pixar's best movie. There are so many profound messages in this about parenthood, friendship, trust, faith. I cheered out loud when Dory told Marlin, \\"Well you can't never let anything happen to him. Then nothing would ever happen to him. Not much fun for little Harpo.\\"<br /><br />This movie is for everyone, adults and kids alike.  It will make you laugh, cry, and remember why you love movies, especially beautifully animated family films.  This is a must see and must buy.  I guarantee you'll watch it again and again.
B00000I8UJ|5.0|Well, I'm not going to be able to add much to the great reviews for GO! other than in my opinion, this was Gordon's best album.  His playing is beautiful, passionate, his tone big and powerful, he's playing behind the beat (as always) and full of good humor -- I mean, the \\"Take me out to the ballgame\\" lick on \\"3 O'Clock in the Morning,\\" and his takeoff from that line is almost worth the price of the CD in itself.<br /><br />This is a recording that grows on you the more you play it.  You get to appreciate the infinite subtlety of Gordon's playing the more you listen.  He wasn't all that understated, it's just that he was just plain brilliant.  GO! highlights that brilliance forever.<br /><br />If you're new to jazz and the great tenormen, this side is one of those \\"gold standard\\" recordings you have to have.  Not because those of us who dig it say so, it's because it's very likely you'll love this CD as you play it time and time again.<br /><br />5 Stars.
B000WCBPBO|1.0|I was disappointed that only one song on the track had the vocals. I was hoping to have the words to all the songs.  This movie is one of my granddaughter's favorites.
0380973839|5.0|I loved F451 by Bradbury and wanted to read more of his work.  Being a huge sci-fi buff, I figured \\"The Martian Chronicles\\" would be a great place to start.  The book is definitely well worth the read, and its effects are surprising.    I have to admit that I had trouble with the story at first.  Because of the lack of knowledge on the \\"Red Planet\\" when the story was written, I had to forget quite a bit of facts (I'm 25).  Luckily enough, the story grabs you and keeps you turning pages so that facts don't matter.  The book also has an almost romantic quality in its depiction of the future.  For example, in 2030+ there are malt shops, soda fountain shops and people still use wired telephones (no cell phones or wireless homephones).    The dialogue is also what you'd expect from a 40's and 50's movie.  Again, its sort of romantic.  I have to admit tho, this book brought with it an amazing array of emotions...  Bradbury is one of the few who was actually able to make me laugh out loud (a spectacle to my co-workers).  The authors talent also inspires other emotions in the reader.    Like F451, \\"The Martian Chronicles\\" has a message for and about humanity, albeit a different message.  I'll never regret reading this book, and I bet you won't either.
1419364375|5.0|This book was really amazing! It is a very emotionally powerful book and well written. I would highly recommend this book to all my female friends and family.
0689865384|5.0|This is one of the best books ever written. Scott Westerfield makes \\"Uglies\\" impossible to put down.  With its descriptive words and continuously interesting plot \\"Uglies\\" is a classic novel.  There is always something happening, never a lull in the action.  This will make you read until it is complete.     When you read \\"Uglies\\" you plunge into a hi-tech world with tons of new inventions.  No one uses cars anymore, just hovercars and hoverboards.  When you want something, you ask the walls and they give it to you.  You don't use a computer or a phone to contact somebody, you use an interface ring.  Scott Westerfield creates a whole new world.  \\"Uglies\\" is about a society 300 years in the future where on their sixteenth birthday people get an operation to make them pretty.  Tally is almost sixteen and she can't wait to turn from an ugly to a pretty.  But, when her new best friend runs away to the wild, Tally has to make a choice, either betray her friend or be an ugly for life.  Also, the city has many secrets from the public.
B00005J6UP|5.0|Whoever dislikes this movie needs to recheck their childhood a little. This movie became quite a phenomenon for me and a lot of my friends in the 1980s. It was so influential, in fact, that I went cave-hunting for months in the woods near my house, until my grandfather finally took me to some caves in Kentucky and I spent the whole time pretending we were treasure hunters.<br /><br />Likewise, my friends and I used to hide stuff, draw up fake treasure maps wander around the back yard looking for the treasures. I think one of my braver friends even tried to set a few boobie traps.<br /><br />My point: This is what good films do. They stay with us long after we watch them. Only those who have followed me longer after earn five stars. This is one of the best.
B000001F5F|5.0|this remains one of the best live albums I own. It's funny because I am listening to it now, in 2008, after not having listened to it for years, and I am struck by the freshness and just sheer brilliance of it. It's a shame that U2 started going down the drain as of The Joshua Tree... It wouldn't have taken that much to keep these levels up without becoming yet another globalised band. This still sends shivers down my spine. Every song. More than 20 years after I first listened to it. Amazing.
0316143472|5.0|I have read all of David Sedaris' books and love them all. I really enjoyed Engulfed in Flames, but it didn't result in as many laugh out loud moments as have occurred from past books. While I always love the belly laughs, this book contains plenty of great material and is, at times, highly contemplative.<br /><br />I am about the same age as Sedaris and have always enjoyed reading about his childhood, as I can relate. This makes reading all of his book especially enjoyable.<br /><br />Sedaris does a wonderful job--as always--at telling stories. He is a master at descriptions and timing.
B000QEIOTO|1.0|Did not know it took a special DVD machine to play this. No problem sending it back for credit. I signed up for Netflix and love it.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|Blu-Ray quality is amazing both in sound and visuals, would have loved more extras but excellent all in all.
B00005JPLW|5.0|It has been so long since I watched a movie that left me speechless at the end. This is one of the most visually amazing movies I have ever seen. Where else do a group of Spartan soldiers hide behind a massive wall of bodies, simply to send it tumbling onto their enemy as they approach. It is a bold action film with minimal plot, but outstanding visual effects and action sequences that keep you gripped to the very end. The determination of the Spartans is a little unsettling as they face unbelievable perils while chuckling, but surprisingly, this adds to (if not drives) the enjoyment of the film.<br /><br />This is a must see for everyone who loves action and wants to know where the future of action movies is headed. Two words: green screen.
006082543X|5.0|Wonderfully written, beautifully illustrated.  May we all appreciate what we have now, before we end up on the other side, with the singing rats and the button eyes... ;o)
B00005JPSM|3.0|I have to agree with the other reviewers on this.  The plot is wholly predictable though well acted.  It hardly qualifies as a romantic comedy because it simply isn't funny.  Kate's character arch does allow her to let people in, but I'm not sure how she got so closed off-especially since her sister seemed quite the opposite.  There was no real obstacle keeping these two from each other and what paper thin conflict they did have is resolved rather effortlessly.
B000XYNFD2|4.0|I've owned my Invicta Swiss Diver since 10/07. After a \\"break in\\" period it kept losing about 25 seconds each day. I've owned Rolexes and thought of this as a replacement. It has very good jewelry quality but accuracy was very disappointing. I returned it for service in early July and haven't received it back yet. I'm hoping for a big improvement. I have owned a Brietling and the service when it stopped working after two years was $500.00 so I'm being patient but a little disappointed so far.
141694740X|4.0|I really enjoyed reading this book.  I do think it is one every girl should read.  It is a very short read so I did think it was overly expensive.  However, if you do buy it, just share it with all your girlfriends as I have.  For the most part, all of the advice in here is commmon sense and stuff we all know . . however . .it is all the things we refuse to admitt to ourselves.  I believe this does help you do just that.  It is also done with great humor which is much needed if you are in a situation where you \\"need\\" to be reading this book.  The bad part about it was that I really think if we all held out for the guy this book says exists . . we'd be single forever.  So as long as you realize that no one is perfect but you do deserve to be treated well I think this book is worth the read.
B00012QM8G|5.0|Maybe the most affecting film I have ever seen, Schindler's List is definitely the film everyone should see at least once. Spielberg tells this Holocaust tale of an unexpected hero with a surprising mix of beauty and horror. Filmed mostly in black and white, the movie is at times tough to watch, but this is because of its raw power and ability to transport you to a part of world history that many would like to forget but cannot (nor should they).<br /><br />This is definitely Spielberg's greatest film. He has never been able to match the power since.
B00140PK6O|5.0|This show was just plain perfection. The acting was wonderful (as was the casting) and the seamless story (a compilation of 3 of Gaskell's stories) was just impecably done.<br /><br />This was such a pleasure to watch. I cannot rave enough about how well done this production was. There is just not a lot more to say about this fabulous show....
B001AW9DKK|2.0|It's rather comical, leaving Neil in charge. The Barney Fife of CSNY does it again. He's been adrift aesthetically since David Briggs passed, and his errant judgment cuts across every aspect of his career, save PRAIRIE WIND and MASSEY HALL. What is on offer here is a very unrevealing cross section of some, and mostly his, songs from the Freedom of Speech tour. I caught the show in Hershey and this disc fails to capture the impact and power of the performance. How in the world you leave off OHIO as it segues into OVER AND OUT I'll never know. In the course of the concert, it was the single most effective 9 minutes of music that this group has ever done. It hit the crowd in the heart and it brought home exactly what has transpired in America over the past 28, and especially the most recent 8 years: a decimation of the US Consitution in the name of greed fueled by xenophobic intollerance and jesus whipping. A fallen empire on its knees....  Don't take my say so - look at Russia's current actions: Putin is fully aware of the impotence of W and his puppetmaster Cheney and sees an opportunity to arouse the Russian bear and re-invent totalitarian influence. W is too busy with Olympians gone wild in the volleyball sands, and a tied down military in the oil sands. God help you if your criticism gets heard.  That's what this tour was about, but a single CD edit of the many powerful performances by Stills (God Bless him, even as he battled cancer), Crosby (still the philosophical and political brains of teh outfit) and even Nash (whose performance transcended his usual hippie-cloyingness) would give you the impression that they were just along for the ride. Not so. But you start to understand why they get pissed at Ol Shakey. This isn't even as good as some of the bootlegs I have heard from this concert tour, so I would advise you to skip it, and hopefully the DVD will restore the integrity of the entire performance. It is better than TIME FADES AWAY, which again was a disaster as a document of a tour that, at least in Philadelphia, was the best live Neil Young concert I have seen or heard, ever.  Of course, who knows, maybe he is saving the good stuff for his massive Archive release on blu-ray (what on earth is the wait for a guy who uses first takes to commit his ouevre to blu-ray?). Hey, hey, my, my....
0385340990|5.0|Delight upon delight -- the book has humor, pathos, a surprising love story, and most of all, the searing history of a beautiful island populated by kind and loving people. I spent nearly three weeks on the Island of Guernsey ten years ago and it was as lovely as the book describes -- it's part France, part England and part Nantucket and Martha's Vineyard. I want to go back there. It is my hope that nothing will spoil it.
B0010X73ZG|5.0|Couldn't wait for the release in the UK, so ordered this & was not dissapointed. I'd read the book & enjoyed it, with the exception of the ending. This did the book justice with a cracking ending.  The tension builds fairly quickly for a Stephen King book turned movie.  Recommend this as a good 'scary' movie.
031606792X|2.0|I found Breaking Dawn to be a poorly written book.  While I enjoy light fiction and can accept a book as a good read, I expected so much more from this book.  The Host was so well written, that it was only logical to expect Breaking Dawn to be of that calibre.  This novel seemed like it was Meyer's first book, without the wonderful character building that occurred in Twilight.  It also seemed like the author had written the ending to this book right after Twilight and didn't thoughtfully consider what happened in the 2nd and 3rd book of the series.  All of those events were quickly written off with convenient excuses.  It was entertaining, but I still had questions about the book.      All I know is that I will not buy Meyer's next book in hardcover immediately, I will rent it from the library or wait for paperback.  I just hope her next novel is more of the quality of The Host than like Breaking Dawn.
B000T9OP7G|5.0|this is great science fiction television. it expands on the films and gives us the story of what happened to our favorite character Sarah Connor. This is a short but great season and i cant wait for the full season 2 to air. if you like the terminator films, you will love this show.
1579126227|4.0|...I got a hunch about 1/2 way through that one of the characters was the murderer - but could not even begin to see how they did it or were connected.  My first read of a Christie book - and I'll be digging in to others since I enjoyed this one so much.
B000JK8OYU|1.0|I had to give this CD 1 star because the Amazon rating system would not accept a zero star rating. By looking at the album cover I thought I was buying a new release of Beatles music like the \\"One\\" CD.  This CD is some pretentious idiots' idea of art, to mess up the Beatle's music.  In fact the insert contains boastings of these self proclaimed artists.  Don't waste your money.
0618918248|1.0|As with so many, the author confuses natural selection with macroevolutionary theory.  If I understand him right, he believes that since there are billions of planets in billions of galexies, life just had to \\"occur\\" out of nothing somewhere.  We were just the one in a billion billion billion.  Possible, I admit, but I think it takes a great leap of faith to believe it.  To his credit, he alludes several times to the \\"junkyard\\" idea.  That is, the chance of human life to evolve out of basically rocks.... is as likely as going to a junkyard and expection that billions of years later there would be a fully functional 747, a rolls royce, and a rocket ship.  What is probably most disturbing is his misunderstanding of natural selection and its inner workings.      But what I reeeeallly think is that within the academic community, it's just not cool to believe in God or that there is anything greater than people.  It's similar to all people in any other organization being expected to think in a certain way...be they a fraternity or a business community, etc.  They're not any more enlightended than the rest of us.  They've just been in school longer.  Most have not studied topics that have anything to do with atheism of evolution, but they are popular ideas to have within that communitiy.  You can't objectively look at Dawkin's book and draw any conclusion about where there is a God.  Quoting Thomas Jefferson's opinions, discussing the evil things people have done in the name of religion, and misinterpreting probability theory just doesn't work.      There is fodder for great discussion on the topic, as so many reviews have shown, but he really doesn't prove or even present much evidence on either side of the issue.
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|love this cd. i ABSOLUTELY love it. she's hilarious in lyrics. spunky, creative and fresh, with a great voice. i recommend it.
0307387178|5.0|This is an amazing story that touches on every emotion contained within us all! I'm hard pressed to understand why this is only the second review but this is a story that will go down as one of the most powerful, enlightening, and heart wrenching ever told! Sean Penn has from what I have seen secured his place not only as one of the greatest actors to ever live, but also one of the greatest directors to ever live!     I intend to own both the movie and the book and add them to my collection of books you just don't read once and movies you can always go back to when it becomes a necessary to be reminded of what truly matters.     Lastly, I've seen the interviews and I take my hat off to the family for being so brave as to allow what I feel having learned of it, a must story to be allowed to be told...     Not only do I believe Chris is looking down from Heaven with only pure love for his family...     Part of me feels he is looking down on us all with love as well...     With the ultimate respects to the Family, The Author, and Sean Penn and Eddie Vedder for from what I've seen, being able to bring this to life in such a way that it is completely fulfilling the ultimate beauty this story contains...     Chase Von     Also would like to share this with all involved...     ~Vibrations~     The sweetest of words   Need not be uttered   To be heard   Unspoken Whispers   Are carried to   Their intended source   By Messengers   From Heaven   That is why   Loud Statements   Often are not heard   Or are vaguely   Understood   And why   Silent Truths   Delivered by the Angels   Vibrate   The Very Soul     By Chase Von   tlp   The Last Panther   All rights reserved     I share that because     I think this story will be vibrating mine     Until I too leave as well as so many others     With respect and love and light again     Chase Von     (As a poet I see so much of my own story reflected in this as well)     Your Chance to Hear The Last Panther Speak
0140042520|4.0|As bad as it may sound I had not heard of Jack Kerouac until very recently. In my defense he died a year before I was born and although I have always been a reader it took until now for my reading interests to expand and give me this opportunity. I am enjoying Dharma Bums a lot as it speaks of things that are just as important today as they were when it was written like living a simple life is more free than living a consumer driven one. I have even started looking into Jack to know more on who he was and those he references in the book (look online to find who the real people are compared to the character names; one being Poet , author Gary Snyder). I also plan on buying the book \\"on the Road\\" scroll version which is the recomended version.
B000002IJL|5.0|It's just what you'd expect if you've seen the movie.  It's not very long, as some other reviewers noted, but the songs are all great and bring back memories.
B0007MWZEK|5.0|I absolutely love this thing. It is flimsy, yes, but if you're gentle with it, no big deal. It works great, picks up everything, even wet food thrown to the floor by the baby, dog hair on the carpet and gets into corners amazingly!  I like that it's so lightweight. It's exactly what I wanted; something light and convenient to clean the wood floors so I didn't have to drag out my heavy vacuum. I have had no mechanical troubles with mine whatsoever.
033045367X|5.0|This is an amazing story that touches on every emotion contained within us all!  I'm hard pressed to understand why this is only the second review but this is a story that will go down as one of the most powerful, enlightening, and heart wrenching ever told!  Sean Penn has from what I have seen secured his place not only as one of the greatest actors to ever live, but also one of the greatest directors to ever live!<br /><br />I intend to own both the movie and the book and add them to my collection of books you just don't read once and movies you can always go back to when it becomes a necessary to be reminded of what truly matters.<br /><br />Lastly, I've seen the interviews and I take my hat off to the family for being so brave as to allow what I feel having learned of it, a must story to be allowed to be told...<br /><br />Not only do I believe Chris is looking down from Heaven with only pure love for his family...<br /><br />Part of me feels he is looking down on us all with love as well...<br /><br />With the ultimate respects to the Family, The Author, and Sean Penn and Eddie Vedder for from what I've seen, being able to bring this to life in such a way that it is completely fulfilling the ultimate beauty this story contains...<br /><br />Chase Von<br /><br />Also would like to share this with all involved...<br /><br />~Vibrations~<br /><br />The sweetest of words<br />Need not be uttered<br />To be heard<br />Unspoken Whispers<br />Are carried to<br />Their intended source<br />By Messengers<br />From Heaven<br />That is why<br />Loud Statements<br />Often are not heard<br />Or are vaguely<br />Understood<br />And why<br />Silent Truths<br />Delivered by the Angels<br />Vibrate<br />The Very Soul<br /><br />By Chase Von<br />tlp<br />The Last Panther<br />All rights reserved<br /><br />I share that because<br /><br />I think this story will be vibrating mine<br /><br />Until I too leave as well as so many others<br /><br />With respect and love and light again<br /><br />Chase Von<br /><br />(As a poet I see so much of my own story reflected in this as well)<br /><br />[[ASIN:0976678705 Your Chance to Hear The Last Panther Speak]]
0671449028|5.0|A wonderful book with great illustrations, and the brushing teeth of course is a bonus, anything to get a child to do so is always welcome.    A good bedtime story.
B000BCE918|5.0|I was very pleased with this movie pack. The price was affordable and   Amazon shipped right away. The movies are classics I had already seen  them but my 2 1/2 year old and my 8 year old had not seen them and when  they did see these movies they were thrilled. I highly recommend this   movie pack it is a great adventure and very entertaining.  Laura
B0001EKZOQ|5.0|Others have amply covered the virtues of this album. The songs are good, but what really sets it apart is Bebo and Cigalla's phrasing. They're just brilliant. I have tried to remove the disk from the CD player, so far without success.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|let me start out by saying that slipknot is something that you have to have a taste for, so if you don't like it don't listen to it! anyway this self titled album is a great cd, it features some of their earlier work such as eyeless, and wait and bleed. the band its self consists of 9 members: sid wilson(DJ), corey taylor(lead vocals), jim root(rythem guitarist), mick thompson(lead guitarist), paul gray(bassist), shaun crahan(percussion), chris ferhn(percussion), craig jones(sampler), joey jordison(drums). needless to say, its a big band that packs one hell of a punch! oh and to those who said sid does nothing for the band, your wrong! he's a great dj, and only does what needs to done so that he's not over-bearing! i geuss in closing i'll say that if you love slipknot, then buy this album, because its a great one!!!
B0016A2FFG|5.0|if you are a fan this is essential  the voice of an angel  it seems either better or as i get older i appreciate a true classic soul voice buy this cd at any price
B000ZLFALI|5.0|A total surprise. The concept begs for derision and kept me away for many months, fearing yet another ham-handed mauling of Beatles material and a clueless painting of the era.    What I got instead was probably the most perfect and realistic portrayal of what it was like to be a young person in counterculture America in the late Sixties that I've ever seen in fictional film...    Four reasons come to mind, the film having just ended five minutes ago.    1) The performances of the uniformly excellent cast are truly superb. No one is TRYING to be a hippie. Nobody is ACTING in the grandest sense.    2) The sets, costumes and hair are right on the money - they look totally authentic - as compared for example with Oliver Stone's \\"The Doors\\" which looks like the director ran up big bills at the hippie wig and hippie clothes and hippie poster rental store in Burbank.     3) The music. As a lifelong Beatles fan I usually cringe at cover versions. In this film the songs are treated with such great respect... emphasizing their beauty and emotional impact by keeping the production very spare and (with the exception of Sadie's) the vocals quiet and heartfelt. I'll be buying the CD tomorrow. Some of the performances just tear your heart out.    4) Brilliant direction. I mean brilliant. No excess, no histrionics, no cliches, everything is kept real and muted. This director understands the benefits of silence and stillness, and that the real music is between the notes.    \\"Across the Universe\\" is the perfect balance of beauty and horror, fearlessness and fear, joy and ultimate heartbreak, and that's what the Sixties were if you were there. We were all young and innocent, and we grew up very quickly. In just a few heartbeats.    If you're of the age where you lived through the era, you were against the war and you lived near a city, you'll look at this wonderful film and say I knew those people.... I lived in those apartments.... I was at those demonstrations... I wore those clothes... and I sang those songs, those timeless, exquisitely gorgeous songs...    If you want to show someone what the Sixties were really like, show them this film. And as you watch it with them, prepare for a lump in the throat.
B000Q66PXE|5.0|I'm trying this one again.  I'm not sure why certain Amazon reviews don't seem to make it into print but this is one that didn't.  In any event and in my humble opinion, \\"Rome\\" is one of the best things ever put on television.  Because I chanced on an HBO episode, I subscribed to HBO.  Now that HBO has cancelled this wonderful series after only two seasons, I will cancel my subscription to HBO.<br /><br />The series takes us through some of the most climactic events of the Roman Empire i.e. the ascension of Julius Caesar, his corruption of the Republic, his assasination and the events up until Octavian's consolidation of power.  The story, in its own way, is an 'upstairs, downstairs' kind of thing.  We watch the aristocrats in their battles for power and status.  At the same time we see lesser figures engaged in parallel power struggles.<br /><br />Rome is, at the same time, a society familiar and alien to us.  Motives of love and wealth are similar but Roman society, at all levels, is a complex of Mafia families vying for power.  If you and your family win, there is a chance of securing the wealth of the world.  Lose and you die, probably horribly.<br /><br />Slavery is as common and unquestioned as is the brutality that accompanies almost everything.  There is one fascinating scene in which the 'heroine' is having passionate sex with Marc Antony.  She asks her elderly slave...who is watching patiently in the corner...for a glass of water.  The slave, without changing expression, complies as the sex continues.  Death is commonplace and life cheap.  One soldier, ordered to murder Cicero, comments after the act what a pleasant and decent man Cicero was.<br /><br />This video is great.  Yes, there is soft core porn and violence but at least it isn't gratuitous.  It adds to the genuine strangeness of the tale.<br /><br />Ron Braithwaite author of novels--\\"Skull Rack\\" and \\"Hummingbird God\\"--on the Spanish Conquest of Mexico
0618918248|1.0|Books advocating atheism are not new, they have been around for centuries.  What is new about this publication is that it advocates disrespect for those peoples who do believe in God.  We have seen the problems in history, where disrespect toward others beliefs have resulted in catastrophe.  Just look at the history of the Jews.  To advocate disrespect for others is not a good thing.
B00192M3KI|1.0|I feel totally dissapointed by this album. Hold your Colours was genious Drum N Bass, now this one seems like a totally different band. Sucks when bands differ in their style so much they sound like someone else.    Please get back to doing Drum N Bass. Too much singing, too much rock, this is not what I came to listen from Pendulum.
B000J103WK|1.0|Disappointing. Beware-- \\"Farewell Tour\\" hd dvd ordered from Amazon was defective. Would not load. Returned for replacement and the second one did the same thing. Credit/return was easy, though. Bought the regular DVD locally-- and it is AWESOME as we knew it would be.
031606792X|5.0|Thank you Stephenie Meyer for giving us an ending that tied up all lose strings.  It was all that I could ask for and more.  It did not leave me disappointed like HP and the Deathly Hallows did.  I was frustrated a bit the first time reading it, but I still loved it.  Once I accepted a few facts, the second time was a million times better.  I have to admit I got a bit teary eyed at the end...
0316168815|4.0|This book was interesting to me in some ways, and confusing to me in others.  Watching the people below, growing and changing was neat, nut I didn't understand the concept of the 'individual' heavens and things like that.  Also, towards the end, my mind was beginning to wonder; like it was starting to draw on...but besides that, it was a great book!
0385736002|4.0|The Alchemyst caught my eye when I was at the library.  I remembered the character of Nicholas Flamel from the Harry Potter books and was intrigued.  The imagery was great, and the plot kept moving. Though the characters weren't the most detailed in the world, the story was compelling.  There would be 5 stars if I didn't think he was trying so hard to be like the Harry Potter books....
1596061855|5.0|I've been reading SF since back in the 50s, and have watched the Old Masters gradually die off, with me losing more interest in the genre with each passing year.  This book has re-kindled my early enthusiasm, and makes up for the dreary stuff I've fought through.  The cortical stack conceit is novel and astonishing, and the character is superb.  Read it!
B000CPGZHA|5.0|Just Amazing!    * Good Songs  * Spectacular wardrobe  * Very Good Choreography  * A Beautiful Kylie performing strongly and with confidence
0930289234|5.0|I was given this book by younger friends, with a certain amount of trepidation on their part.  They need not have worried, for this is a fantastic piece of work, beautifully-drawn, consistently intriguing.  Want to know what super-heroes are REALLY like?  This will get you inside their minds ... and his super-heroes are orders of magnitude more interesting than Batman, Superman, et al.
0307388840|2.0|What an overrated piece of soap-operatic junk! I can't recall when I was so disappointed in a book. With all the accolades, I was expecting something really special (tho' I should know better by now, as commercial/popular success seems these days to be inversely related to quality). While the prose itself is nice, the entire book hangs on an event that occurs early on and is so contrived and unbelievable, with an outcome that is so predictable, that it was difficult for me to keep reading -- and the only reason I did keep reading was because I kept hoping it would get better, that an intelligent and complex structure would ultimately emerge to justify the contrivance and its predictability -- but alas, it never does. I can't get into specifics without giving away details that shouldn't be revealed to those who still want to read this trash, but if you're looking for an intelligent read with some substance and honesty, DON'T read this book!!
B00000IREA|4.0|\\"Barbarella\\" turns forty years old, the year this is written. If anything, its silliness has just gotten sillier over time.<br /><br />Fonda herself embodies the biggest of the changes since this movie was made. This stars the old, giggly, pre-feminist, pre-political Fonda, the one willing to strip-tease all the way down to her sweet self during the opening credits. Another set of social changes happened when the Sexual Revolution turned into the AIDS Era. Back then, sex was good fun between grownups. So, in keeping with the times, casual (but not challenging) kinds of nudity appear throughout. This flick stands as close to Buck Rogers as to the current day, so borrows from Buck in the subtlety of acting, complexity of plot, and depth of characters - i.e., not a lot of any of them. The effects show it a pure product of its own time, though: blobby opticals with mattwork that looks naive to today's viewers. Then there's the costuming - imagine Mardi Gras, I mean the part that attentive parents steer their kiddies away from, blocks away, then add a Hollytwood budget. Barbarella's Lucite bra (that must have been uncomfortable) and Duran Duran's ocean-liner outfit stand out, but hardly represent the limit of what appears here.<br /><br />The movie starts with a cute blonde (the 1968 version of Fonda) luxuriously undressing in a fur-lined spaceship - pink spaceship, if you must know. Let that image set your expectations. Back then, it was daring but campy. Now it looks cheesy and campy, but I mean that in the nicest way.<br /><br />-- wiredweird
B000000ZGO|5.0|When this album was released, it revolutionized R&B. I don't think there was a brother who considered himself a \\"player\\" who didn't own a copy of this album.  If he wanted to create a mood in his place, he threw this one on the turntable and got the Cold Duck out of the fridge.  I rode up and down the highway listening to this album. Considering when it was released, the musical arrangements were powerful and so different than anything we heard on the radio at that time.  Isaac was truly in a class by himself.  Nobody was doing anything like this!!           There isn't a woman right now who is familar with Isaac's music, who doesn't remember who she was going out with when this album hit the airwaves.  I remember, and I'm sorry that the album dredges up memories of that bum!!  LOL  That's not Isaac's fault.... I still had Isaac long after I threw that dog under a bus!!  In all honesty, a lot of my girl friends would reflect on the monologue on \\"By The Time I Get To Phoenix\\", and wish they had a man who loved them like that.  It made a lot of us think hard and deep about the relationships we were in at the time.           I thank Isaac Hayes for his contribution.. not only to Black music, but to American music as a whole.  He was truly ahead of his time.
1423101464|4.0|[[VIDEOID:24915681]]Hey,  I am a fan of this series and think Rick Riordan has done a good job creating a world.  Personally, I also feel this is a great place to go after Harry Potter.  It has a very similar, but unique and original feel.<br /><br />Check [...] if you would like more of my opinions on books.
B0017MO10U|3.0|I did like it a lot, but will not considered it a mouvie this is anothe episode but put in a mouvie format was hoping for more.
0786838655|3.0|[[ASIN:0786838655 The Lightning Thief (Percy Jackson and the Olympians, Book 1)]]<br /><br />Where do I go after Hogwart's?  Well, one place you can go is Camp Half-Blood.  The book definitely reminded me of Harry Potter.  A young misunderstood kid finds out he is the heir to a fantastic heritage.  He is the Son of Poseidon the Sea God.  As mentioned this first book really felt quite a bit like it was borrowing from Harry Potter and substituting myth for magic, but the later installments took a different tack and the rest of the series made the this book well worth the read.
031606792X|1.0|I really wish I would have read some reviews on this before I read through it.  I don't think the reviews would have made me think twice about reading it though, as the first three books were so...engrossing and addictive. I literally read this entire series in the span of a few days. I was completely excited for this book and it failed me on so many levels. Not only was it very illogical in just about every aspect, but it just dragged on and on. It was silly. And then with the whole baby thing, come on. That was just completely creepy and not believable at all. It was just plain ridiculous and I would definitely not recommend this book to anyone. Don't waste your money unless you want to be disappointed. I am disappointed that I took the money and time to waste on this nonsense. Take my advice and just end the series at book 3. Save your money, your time and sanity!
B000X5SPBI|4.0|This wasn't my favourite season. With the writers strikes and budget cuts I personally didn't feel it was the fully rounded package. Most episodes were bloody brilliant, equal and exceeding the top ones of the previous seasons. Yet, when they were bad they were horrid (Red Sky in the Morning, Malleus Maleficarum, Ghostfacers).    For some, the inclusion of the two female characters Bela and Ruby was a mistake. I cannot fault the demon character of Ruby or the actress's performance, feeling that the character served it's purpose successfully and added another layer of intrigue to the show (Is it possible demon's can be good? That evil isn't always evil?) According to rumor she is not returning next season which is not the end of the world completely but I will be pissed if no reason for her absence or lack of mention is given. In the previous seasons I didn't particularly care greatly that characters like Missouri, Ellen and Jo were never seen again but the fact that their characters weren't actually written out...that bugged me to no end.  Bela, ah, the dreaded Bela. No one liked her apparently. But what fans don't seem to realise was that that was the point. But I do understand where they are coming from. The character should have been used to its full potential or not at all. Timing was also something that didn't suit Bela too well, let alone acting skills that left a lot to be desired. Yet one thing I think the writers did do right was Bela's exit which was smart and impacting, we even sympathized.     The clock is ticking for poor Dean this season and Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki manage to add even more to the brotherly relationship between the two and we see that the connection that was originally growing has begun to disintegrate and you get the feeling that they're both keeping up appearances, keeping secrets from one another. And we as the audience lap it up.    It's a dark season but the humor, when it comes (and it comes often) is brilliantly timed and delivered and undeniably I smile through a good 60 percent of each hour. With budget cuts the classic rock music is slightly more limited than usual but there's still just enough there to keep us going.    Supernatural is a hidden jem. I don't know when the stupid CW will dump their floundering pet project Smallville and give Supernatural the attention it deserves but we, the fans (and there are a lot of us), won't give up hope. A good article about Supernatural's plight can be read here: [...]    I look forward to Season Four with baited breath, Season Three's finale left me slightly anxious.
B000O599XK|1.0|I ordered two different copies of this collectors edition. Both times Amazon sent defective products. There were two of the same discs in the set and one disc was missing.
0061537934|5.0|I dearly loved this book and have given it as a gift to my friends!  It is such a sweet and sad story with the best of possible endings.  I often wonder if my own dogs are thinking  the same thoughts as Enzo.
B0019HQIFE|5.0|I bought this for my wife she loves John Mayer. I liked a few of his songs but after watching this Blu Ray I have to say he is awesome very talented and gifted guitar player and performer.<br />  I highly recommend buying this Blu Ray you will not be disappointed. You can listen to the tracks in PCM 2.0 or TRUE HD 5.1 both sound great. I preferred the 5.1 it was like we were at the concert.<br />  The picture and sound is amazing. There is nothing from what I can see or hear the picture is clear and crisp and the sound like I said before it is like you are there.. If you have a good receiver and Blu Ray player that can decode the HD audio and a HDTV for the 1080p Picture and some good speakers you are set to go. Sit back and enjoy my family did and it is one of my best purchases this year.
031606792X|5.0|I jumped on the bandwagon late...I've read all four books in the past two weeks.  I don't have a single complaint.  I was so deeply enthralled by the story that the characters were so real to me...(they made their way into my dreams too).  I don't see why ppl are upset that the book ended happily and \\"tied with a bow\\".  Would you have rather have had the Cullen family die?  Nessie and Jacob be the only survivors?  Edward and Bella not be together?  I don't know about you but I would have been crushed and would definilty not have thought positivly of the series if it had left me in tears.  Breaking Dawn was an exceptional conclusion to an exceptional series.
0307276902|3.0|I set a high bar for stories like these. After reading Dry by Burroughs, it is hard to find a story/memoir that measures up. I enjoyed Frey's adventure/struggle in rehab, but it left me longing for more of what got him there.<br /><br />The story takes you through a nice love story and along the way you find yourself attached and rooting for Frey's success, which seems to be up against all odds.<br /><br />If you happen to be an addict as well, this story will drag you along some very familiar streets. Those who have felt these same feelings will be able to see where it all can end.<br /><br />In the end I found myself looking forward to the quotes and secular wisdom that Frey found from his little book of Tao and had me cheering for the simplicity and wisdom he was able to draw from it.<br /><br />Frey may be a one in a million case, or maybe he is just a good writer; either case he has done well and you will be a slightly better person for reading this book (you will not want to fall this deep into addiction).<br /><br />Finally, the last page will rip your heart out as you see the truth behind the 15% statistic that is quoted too often throughout the book and why Frey truly is one in a million.
0385340990|4.0|The primary purpose of this novel must have been to describe the unbelievable inhumanity Hitler's forces imposed on certain unfortunate parts of the world.  Many scenes depict in graphic detail how horribly people were tortured by the Germans.  But there's an important side note that's not to be omitted - a few of the Germans were good-hearted people.  This side note is best personified in the form of Captain Christian Hellman, whose name obviously symbolizes the novel's purpose to describe the Nazis in the Guernsey area as being both hellish and Christian, a combination of good and bad.<br /><br />In my opinion, this description is sufficient enough to sum up the entire book, although I'm sure others would disagree.  They would feel the need to include Juliet's romance with Dawsey (who I can relate to since I'm shy myself) and her desire to adopt the child of the brave Elizabeth McKenna.  They would consider it a crime to leave out five or six of the literary society members that I consider completely superfluous, and would insist that I forgot about the Oscar Wilde part.  The Oscar Wilde digression seemed like padding to me, but I'll probably look up some information on him in the near future since I know very little about the man and thought the cat story about him to be somewhat interesting.<br /><br />The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was probably the first novel I read that focused on the horrific effects of World War II, and I believe it has great educational value for those unfamiliar with the war.  From what I recall, my unemotional 11th grade history textbook tended to overemphasize the trivialites of dates and geography, and left so much out of what was really going on during the chaos of the 40's.  This I don't understand.  What is more important in studying history than realizing the effects of humanity, inhumanity, and the gray area that seems to contain both?
031606792X|5.0|I loved it! I'm amazed at the vicious responses to this book. Some people have way, way, too much time on their hands. The book is \\"fiction\\" people. It seems that so many of the disappointed crowd keep trying to cross the lines of fiction to reality. What's next? Shall we over analyze \\"Goldie locks and the three bears?\\" Breaking and entering -and just what was that child doing in the forest all alone? Where were her parents for goodness sake! Quick, someone call CPS!<br />For those of you who are not aware: Vampires are not real. Werewolves are not real. If you read the book -as \\"fiction\\" and quit trying to psychoanalyze it -you just might enjoy a good \\"fictional story\\".
0765318741|5.0|I originally bought this book well in advance of the movie version (staring Will Smith) release, but never got around to reading it (it got buried in my ever growing mountain of books to read).  Needless to say, I saw the movie and heard the opinion of many, many, many people with regards to its flaws (mainly dealing with deviation from the source material). I admit I enjoyed the movie and I've also seen the 1971 version with Charleton Heston, so I have always been rather puzzled about the avid dislike some people seem to hold for the movie versions of this book.  Having finally sat down yesterday and read through it, I can now honestly say I see why.  I'm not about to jump on the bandwagon, but I can see why.  For me, the movie version(s) are radically different stories, they diverge from the book on many points and frankly, I don't consider them the same story.  The movie versions are built on the same bones...but they do NOT tell the same story and so (speaking for myself here), I judge each on its own merits (or lack thereof).<br /><br />That said...I absolutely LOVED this story (and yes, I say story, not novel).  I Am Legend comes housed in a book that should be titles I Am Legend and Other Stores by Richard Matheson.  I Am Legend takes up only the first 170 of the 317 pages in this \\"novel,\\" the rest consists of nine short stories of varying genre and which vary greatly in how enjoyable I found them.  I was surprised to note I recognize several of them as also having been made into movies in their own right (Masters of Horror, Trilogy of Terror, Creep Show, Etc.)...if you read them you're likely to recognize them (if you are also a fan of these programs/movies).<br /><br />Of the title story alone, I was quite thrilled to read it at long last and am rather angry with myself that I kept putting it off as it's one of the best in this genre I've read in a good, long time!  I love that Robert Neville is a \\"real\\" person...he is something of an everyman, he could be anybody (though I do admit that I have trouble picturing him as anyone but Will Smith since I saw the movie recently, much less as a blond haired Californian).  He's an average working man with an average life prior to the \\"plague\\" that wipes out nearly the entire human race as we know it.  Matheson quite deftly weaves a believable premise of contagion based on chemical (or other) warfare in some vague reference to \\"conflict\\" and \\"war\\" that eerily mirrors recent conflicts around the globe (9/11 included).<br /><br />Faced with utter loneliness (being, he believes, the last man on earth), nightly taunting by the vampires, and unquenched sexual drives, Neville skirts madness (and sometimes succumbs to it utterly), drinking and smoking too much while trying to live as normal a life as he can.  As the book progresses, Neville begins putting his time to good use, going to the library and begins researching the how and why behind the vampire \\"infection,\\" and he struggles through it (as any normal man or woman would)...he's not a genius, he holds no special degrees or knowledge...he must come to his understanding as we all might, with a lot of hard work, a few thrown books and a lot of frustration.  Neville also takes time to ferret out the truth to his theories and unflinchingly applies the knowledge he acquires slowly learning more and more and becoming quite an accomplished vampire killer.  It is fascinating to \\"watch\\" as the story progresses his struggles with core issues; humanity, loneliness, human nature, sexuality (or the absence of it), and more.<br /><br />I love that the details are given slowly, that we learn the scientific (or other) basis for the vampire mythos, that we discover Neville's past in bits and pieces (flash-backs) and are just as haunted by the nightly taunting of the vampires as he is.  There is a quiet desperation to Neville's story and one can come to fully understand the burden he bears and how he tries to deal with what has happened...and just when you think you understand...when you side with him and believe that any one of us might do the same things given this circumstances...Matheson turns the story on it's ear and quite successfully pulls the rug right out from under us, turning Neville from a rugged, survivor into something else altogether!  What a wonderful ending, so much starker and real than either of the movie versions I've seen gave. I was utterly shocked when I read the last few paragraphs...and completely satisfied.  I Am Legend is a classic for a reason, it's a great story AND it really leaves you thinking about the entire set of circumstances when it's all said and done.  Wonderful, I give it 5 stars and two thumbs up!erstand...when you side with him and believe that any one of us might do the same things given this circumstances...Matheson turns the story on it's ear and quite successfully pulls the rug right out from under us, turning Neville from a rugged, survivor into something else altogether!  What a wonderful ending, so much starker and real than either of the movie versions I've seen gave. I was utterly shocked when I read the last few paragraphs...and completely satisfied.  I Am Legend is a classic for a reason, it's a great story AND it really leaves you thinking about the entire set of circumstances when it's all said and done.  Wonderful, I give it 5 stars and two thumbs up!
0143057812|5.0|There are very few books I can say \\"I could NOT put this book down\\", but this one is at the top of my list. A historical novel based in Barcelona and Paris in the 1930's, it is full of unexpected surprises. I tried to discipline myself to just a chapter or two at a time, but I failed, miserably. Although there were several characters to keep track of, each one was so unique, it made it easy. I want to read more books from this author.<br />One downside:  it took FOUR MONTHS to finally receive this book from Amazon.  But I was SO glad I waited..... this is a favorite book of mine, I will re-read it in a few months and already look forward to it.
B000FGGE7C|4.0|[[ASIN:B000FGGE7C Ultraviolet [Blu-ray]]]<br /><br />I'm slowly replacing DVD versions of movies I really think would be good to watch in high definition (Blu-ray) and this movie is definitely pretty good visually.  Typical special effects but look so much better in Blu-ray.
B0012EF0WQ|5.0|Just go ahead and purchase this, then open a window, light up some incense, turn the lights down low, play this music, and let the sounds and aromas drift outside and circle the globe.     \\"World peace starts with the next person you meet. Forgive everyone.  Love everyone.\\"
B00007J5VN|5.0|What is there not to like about Shirley McClain and Bob Fossee. We had to replace a old video tape which we wore out.
630521610X|4.0|scream has those quick jumping parts you now when you don't expect it some one pops in other than that its more of a comady than horror but i think the twisting of the plot and humor pull this all into a movie you can sit down and watch i enjoy watching over and over kinda like those movies you have laying around and pop in every now and then.
B000JBWWRY|4.0|Peter Pan is a very clever and well-thought out Disney film. I have always enjoyed this film but parts are a bit slow so I can't give this classic a perfect rating. Peter Pan and Tinkerbell are pure magic, love his childlike spunk and her stubborn atttitude! Great family flick, enjoy.
B0000262QW|5.0|i probably have had all rtf fusion albums for 20 years, but i had never heard this ecm album [ friends of mine did not recomend it, they said it was to light weight. it certainly is not light weight, there is plenty of heat delivered. but the corea electric piano sound on the interludes are very haunting, and yes it does have that icey ecm sound. also flora purim\\"s vocals here and there are very  complementary ,joe farrell has always been an underated saxaphonist, check out andrew hills dance with death, and his own moon germs albums, also this album is better than light as a feather. thats was my main concern . that album was more derivitive. this is a classic. the only complaint i have is a little tape hiss here and there, but not enough to take away from the enjoyment of the album.
B000F8O35U|5.0|The Little Mermaid is another childhood favorite of mine. I just love this movie! Ariel is the coolest mermaid ever! My cousin and I used to watch this classic over and over again. I highly recommend this family favorite, enjoy!
0790731002|3.0|After two successful installments in the Batman franchise, the third film, \\"Batman Forever\\", signaled a time of change for the series, from cast and crew, to the overall tone of the movies, even to costume choices. The biggest casting change was that of Michael Keaton stepping aside, supposedly over money and age related disputes. Filling in for Michael this time around was actor Val Kilmer (\\"The Saint\\"), other new additions to the franchise were Chris O'Donnell (\\"Vertical Limit\\"), Nicole Kidman (\\"The Invasion\\"), Tommy Lee Jones (\\"The Fugitive\\"), and Jim Carrey (\\"Liar Liar\\"). The other major additional change with this third installment in the series was that of director Tim Burton shifting gears from directing the film to becoming just a Co-Producer, allowing for Joel Schumacher (\\"A Time to Kill\\") an opportunity to try his hand at crafting a blockbuster worthy of the caped crusader.    \\"Batman Forever\\" finds Batman (Val Kilmer) up against two of the strangest members of his rogue's gallery, Two-Face (Tommy Lee Jones) and the Riddler (Jim Carrey). With these two villains teaming up to wreak havoc on Gotham City, they may just be too much for one hero to handle. Enter young Dick Grayson (Chris O'Donnell) whose thirst for vengeance drives him to aid Batman in his ongoing war on crime and become his heroic partner, Robin.    With the first two installments in this series, \\"Batman\\" and \\"Batman Returns\\", director Tim Burton had established an overall darker tone with a brooding hero and truly evil and twisted villains. In \\"Batman Forever\\", director Joel Schumacher dispatches with the darker tone set in the previous movies, opting for a more family friendly atmosphere with just semi-serious undertones. The story, written by talented screenwriter Akiva Goldsman (\\"I, Robot\\"), plays too much as a light-hearted action/comedy than a dramatic-themed action film, as the movies in this series had previously been. I'll grant that the film does contain some serious elements in regards to some of the psychological issues that Bruce Wayne is going through, and even more so with the trauma and pain of events occurring in Dick Grayson's life and his struggle to control the rage burning within him; however, as dramatic as those elements were, they were easily overshadowed by the far too over-the-top and way too comedic portrayals of Two-Face and the Riddler.    Speaking of the cast of characters, lets talk about what went wrong with Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey's performances, shall we. First, we have Two-Face, who is one of Batman's most tragic villains because his evil is one born out of physical and emotional scarring mixed with a quick-temper. Harvey Dent had been Gotham City's District Attorney, until an unfortunate attack at the hands of a mob boss left him scarred and twisted as the villainous Two-Face. Now, he must contend with a major case of split personality, where both Harvey and Two-Face are vying for control over the decisions that he makes as a person. A character this rich in history and drama would seem a prime choice for an actor of Tommy Lee Jones' ability to really sink his teeth into; however, instead of playing the character seriously, Jones turns him into what feels like a cheap imitation of Jack Nicholson's Joker from \\"Batman\\". Along with Tommy's far less-than serious portrayal, his henchman are about as brainless as you can get, I mean how does a villain of Two-Face's supposed caliber ever successfully pull off a heist with these henchmen is beyond me, I guess that says a lot about Gotham City's police department, doesn't it.    Second, we have Jim Carrey's turn as the Riddler, where we are given a front row seat to see exactly what it means to go over-the-top in a performance. In the comic books Riddler is a somewhat laughable villain, because his crimes rarely pose much of a threat to Batman or Gotham City, plus his penchant for leaving riddles that once solved give clues to where he is or what he will do next causes the character to rarely seem to succeed. In \\"Batman Forever\\", writer Akiva Goldsman at least made Riddler a much more successful villain, granted part of his success is from his partnership with Two-Face; yet, as a villain Riddler still fails to appear all that intimidating when going up against Batman. I don't know if Jim Carrey is to blame, or if it is a mixture of Akiva Goldsman's writing or even Joel Schumacher's directing, but one major complaint I have with Riddler, is that he seemed to be way too spine-less and feminine in his actions. If the character had been this kind of person to begin with in the comic books, then I could have gone along with it, but since he is not portrayed this way in the comics, I find it difficult to overlook. In fact, there are numerous instances where he physically clings far too much to Two-Face in this movie, to the point that I found it a little uncomfortable, especially for a more family friendly approach to the Batman franchise.    With my complaints regarding the two villains out of the way, I wish I could say that those were the end of my complaints about the cast; sadly, this is not the case. Taking over for Michael Keaton we have Val Kilmer, a good actor (particularly in his best performance as Doc Holiday in \\"Tombstone\\") and one that has been in the business long enough to know how to convincingly play a character; yet, as Bruce Wayne he seems very flat and stiff in his line readings, basically giving off the vibe that he's only in this movie for the paycheck. I will grant him that when he's in the Batsuit, he seems much more committed to the role, and as Batman he was a very good choice to follow-up Keaton, it's just too bad that he couldn't bring this same level to his acting game when portraying the Bruce Wayne side of the character. Nicole Kidman was adequate as Bruce's newest love interest Dr. Chase Meridian, but her character never gets established beyond that of a source of exposition to bring out some of Bruce's psychological issues in this movie, and at times she seemed like she was just an updated version of Kim Basinger's Vicki Vale character from \\"Batman\\", just a little less developed, if that's possible. Lastly, we have Chris O'Donnell as Dick Grayson/Robin, his character's introduction while staying fairly true to the comics, simultaneously serves as further evidence that this franchise is becoming much lighter in tone. In the comic books, when Robin was introduced it was to boost Batman's popularity with children so that his books would sell better; however, by introducing this teenage sidekick, Batman as a character and as a series became much lighter, almost completely removing the brooding, vengeful aspect of the hero to where he was just a slightly cranky shell of the man he once was. At least in \\"Batman Forever\\" the character of Robin was given a fairly serious backstory with a decent amount of drama and even some tragedy to drive his character's story arc throughout the film. Chris O'Donnell, who was an unknown to me whenever this movie first was released to theaters, was a good choice for Dick Grayson/Robin; he portrayed the character's deep-seeded anger and quest for vengeance as unfocused and volatile, which made him an interesting example of what Bruce Wayne may have been like in his younger years. His performance was very strong, and seemed to be one of the better performances in the movie, which is surprising given the amount of talent assembled in this film.    Before I continue, I must say that even though I have complained about several aspects of this movie, from its story to some members of the cast's performance, I did find it to be a fairly entertaining, slightly above average movie; it's just not on par with what Tim Burton had done, especially with the first movie in the series. Now that I have that little side note out of the way, I do have another complaint for the movie, which would be some of the costume choices. Lets start off with Riddler'svarious wardrobe choices, in the comics he normally appears in the green suit and jacket or in a green skin-tight leotard-esque costume; however, in this movie he not only appears in those two outfits, albeit briefly, but also in a wide assortment of other variations of the costume. I've never been a big fan of the character in general or his costumes, but I don't think any villain would want to spend near as much time on wardrobe changes as Jim Carrey does in this film. Along with the costume changes, I have no clue who decided that Riddler should have make-up on at all times when in costume. I have read numerous Batman comics that feature Riddler as one of the villains in the story, and never once can I recall seeing the character with such rosy cheeks, bright pink lips, and even brighter pink hair. I don't know what the costume designers on this film were thinking, but their choices for Riddler only further cemented him as an extremely feminine character, which as I stated earlier he has never been. So, why can't the people that make these movies just leave some things well enough alone? As if that wasn't enough of a complaint over the costumes in this movie, the only other one I have, would have to be the biggest of all... who had the bright idea of putting nipples on the batsuit?! Never in the history of Batman comics have there been nipples on the character's suit, or even that of Robin's; so again why not leave well enough alone. Anyways, other than that the costumes for the characters were well made, and appeared to be ripped directly from the pages of the comic books, so aside from my complaints the costume designers did a very good job adapting them for the screen.    Well, after all that I'm sure you're probably saying to yourself, \\"How can this guy possibly say that he even remotely liked this movie?\\" Well, I can't explain it, but even with all the problems I still find the movie moderately entertaining (as I said earlier), and a decent entry into the franchise, although it does signal that things may be going downhill for the series as a whole. Sure the movie has problems, some bigger gripes than others, but it still does a decent job with the much lighter direction it was given, without going so light that it approaches the level of the 60's TV series.    \\"Batman Forever\\" is rated PG-13 for violence and language.
031606792X|3.0|this is a good book, and i think that if twilight hadnt raised my standards for stephanie i wouldve liked it a lot more. it was hard to read this book because throughout the series edward has become a lot more passive, and i dont like it. i like it in twilight and new moon when he was strong enough to leave her. thats the edward i liked, not this pathetic, sexy, edward in this book. it was kind of long also, especially the begining. i loved jacobs part of the book and i feel i understand him a lot better now. i used to hate him, because of new moon, but now i really understand his point of view on things. hes really evolved as a character. i used to be team edward all the way, but now i cant decide if i like edward or jacob better.  edwards sexier than jacob but jacobs stronger than edward. ugh! such a hard choice!!    you should definitely buy it because it has a lot of good things in it,and because it finishes out the series ~ :( ~ but just be fore-warned that your pov on edward and jacob will probably change :)      cant wait for midnight sun!! (the first chapter of it is on stephanie's website!) its going to be amazing...  (hopefullY!)
0452289963|5.0|The title of this book is a little misleading. It's not really about a \\"new earth\\" or \\"life's purpose\\" but about something more important, namely the nature of consciousness, the nature of our own minds, the way we identify with our ego mind to our detriment,how we don't really know who we are  until we tune in to what Huxley called \\"Mind-at-large,\\" how that is available to us through what he calls \\"the discovery of inner space,\\"\\"the nameless,\\" \\" the eternal.\\"   We get in touch with this level of true being through awareness of the breath, the space between thoughts, inner body awareness.  People who practice meditations will recognize that none of this is really new.  In fact Hinduism and Buddhism, as he acknowledges, described these very concepts and practices long ago. But it's nonetheless refreshing to have this secular, modern reminder spelled out in a very compelling way.  I'm not sure I can be as optimistic as he is that this new dimension of consciousness will be taking over and transforming our world ('the new earth\\"), but I can hope he's right!  I think it's a very important book and I'm glad Oprah recommended it to people.
B00005JPY0|5.0|The Dark Knight is by far the best movie I have seen this year. My parents did not believe me when I told them that The Dark Knight was going to be the dominating movie this year. Look where it is now. It stole the #2 spot away from Star Wars on the highest grossing film list recently. Of course, all that has to go to Heath Ledger, may he rest in peace. By the way I think he does deserve an Oscar for his Joker because he was that good. There were a lot of amazing moments in this movie and a lot of surprising moments too.   I would have to say that Christopher Nolan may be the best Batman film director, but I may have to battle that thought because of Tim Burton. But their films are different from one another. Tim Burton has directed a dark Batman, but Christopher Nolan puts Tim Burton to shame with his Batman. As for Joel Schumacher, his movies are a different category: cheesy and colorful, not dark. Not the best but some Batman fans will be appeased by them. Heck I own all 5 films so far (not including The Dark Knight, which I do plan to own when it comes out).  In closing I hope that if Christopher Nolan does make another Batman, I hope that it's as good as his two previous films. It may not make as much money as The Dark Knight, but then again. They're thinking of putting The Riddler and The Penguin in there now? Surprising, but interesting. Anyway in the end my parents think that Iron Man was better than The Dark Knight. They thought that The Dark Knight was just a little too dark. I think they're both nuts. Iron Man was great to me, but The Dark Knight just blows Iron Man out of the water to me.
B000V86OKG|5.0|Although like it's been written here ,Dexter Season 2, may have been a lil' less than the first season, the 2nd season finds Dexter in a diferent place....personnally, romantically and in in his own ways ...spiritually. With all that has happened in the first season, Dexter, is still searching in the 2nd season. The charcters of the second season act on their impulses of the first season and without giving it away they become more connected to Dexter in the 2nd season. Gone are the main plots attachments from the 1st season only to spawn different questions, different feelings...could Dexter not be as hollow as he once proclaims himself to be? Let me put it to you this way...If you watched the 1st season, there is NO WAY you can miss a second of the 2nd season, trust me! New twists and character developments as well character additions make the 2nd season suspensful, sexy, and in some ways a bit sad. Who stays together, does any focal character die, who gets together, what happens to our dear Dexter, our Dark Avenger...?...you'll have to buy the 2nd season and find out...enjoy droogies...!
B000UBMSB8|5.0|I have watched this movie loads of times and still love it.  True to the book (Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep by Philip K Dick) it has a wonderful dark feel one could imagine a future LA like this.  Romance, action, drama, sci fi - it has it all.  A must for any good DVD collection.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Let me start by saying that when the show first aired I didn't see the show...and then my friends started ranting and raving about it so I decided to give it a shot, but by then the show got canceled.  (sadness)     Then the Movie came out and they dragged me out there to see it.     I came out of that movie theater a devoted Browncoat, I have the original DVD, Special Edition, and the complete series.     next stop...the original Props!!!    there is just so much awesomeness in the series that it must have taken industrial amounts of stupidity for fox to cancel the series.     come on Joss....let's hustle with movie number two!!!!
B000NVIXFK|4.0|Rush was one of those bands I couldn't latch on to right away.  After listening to it twice, I started to get into it.  I see why many bands look up to them.  From the groups I'm used to hearing, there is one or two musicians that are halfway worth a damn.  But these guys are serious!<br />All three of them are incredible with their instruments of choice.  Maybe the bassist from Mudvayne listened to Rush once upon a time.
B0013FBTHO|4.0|I think the book and movie also based on a lonely and strong character. Like a lonely man in an island full of cannibals, he tried to civilize them. He try to cure and normalize these creatures.  Mostly a phsycological movie at same time.   I suggest this movie especially in HD-DVD.
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Pepper changed it all, after Revolver, The Beatles tried a different approach that changed Rock-n-Roll forever, not only the classical music, the whole concept of wearing band uniforms, the longer hair, each sporting facial hair, changing their whole image and not to mention the greatest cover in the history of Rock-n-Roll with wax celebrities in the background, Marilyn Monroe, Cassius Clay, Fred Astaire, Bob Dylan, Laurel and Hardy, the early Beatles, flat out ingenious and so is the timeless music, A Little Help From My Friends, Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds, She's Leaving Home, Lovely Rita, Fixing A Hole, and When I'm Sixty Four,...let's not forget one of the most distinctive and famous intros on a rock song ever, a simple, yet powerfully affective drumbeat on the title track reprise of Sgt. Pepper, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, enough said.
B00005JPSM|5.0|I don't usually like love stories, but this is one movie that was great.  I love the cooking aspect and the way they bonded through the kid.  Great movie!
0316143472|5.0|This is the second David Sedaris book that my Book Club has read and reveiwed, the first one being \\"Me Talk Pretty One Day\\".  Both were a huge hit.  David is hilarious and his writting is seriously laugh out loud funny.  He has a unique perspective on life that is entertaining and at times enlightening.  This book and author I would recommend to anyone, you won't be dissapointed!
B000RJO578|5.0|I saw the trailers and thought that this would be a fun movie to see in the theater. What I saw when we got there was way beyond my expectations.<br /><br />I hadn't seen Shawn of the Dead (although I had heard of it) nor do I recall seeing any Simon Pegg movie before. What I came away with was a new favorite set of actors and film makers. These guys were just laugh-out-loud funny. Simon Pegg and his ultra serious, extremely dedicated character made me want to see much, much more of his work. Edgar Wright made me believe he was just a simple little small-town cop.<br /><br />Definitely a must-see.
0743290119|1.0|Without the cachet of Vogue or Anna Wintour attached to the work, the author is not all that interesting. The success of her first effort had nothing to do with her writing or storytelling. People just wanted to get behind the doors of the most glamourous magazine ever and get an inside glimpse of its famous editor-in-chief.     I will say that Chasing Harry Winston is better than the author's second book, which is said to have been on the NYT bestsellers list. Not many read it or even knew about it because it really wasn't publicized. Even the publisher knew it was not good.  I guess that's why they are advertising it on the back cover of CHW. Better late than never for getting it out of their warehouse.    I have read this three (sometimes it's four) friends in the city before, and I have read better. I really didn't like any of the characters. They were all spoiled and had a sense of entitlement that is off putting.     The author should have taken her cue from the two who wrote The Nanny Diaries, followed by two failed novels, and quit while she was ahead.
0790731002|3.0|This movie began the descent part of the Batman arc or dive.  Even though Bob Kane himself said that he always pictured Bruce Wayne as portrayed by Val Kilmer, the film as a whole did not carry a whole lot of appeal.  Chris O'Donnell, while doing a fine job as Robin, reminded me more of Jason Todd than Dick Grayson.    I enjoyed Gotham much more as Tim Burton's dark vision rather than Joel Schumacher's Neon Funland.      The movie carries on the mythology with the introduction of Robin, but sets the premise for the subsequent failure of \\"Batman and Robin.\\"
1401216676|5.0|I have had a lot of my friends tell me about this book, especially what with the Dark Knight recently being the talk amongst us and I sought the book out hearing about how twisted and insane the Joker was in it. I had no idea just how twisted Joker was in the book. But first, I want to talk about how gorgeous the art is. This is some of the best artwork I've seen in a graphic novel from it's time and it truly captured the horror of Joker. That being said, this book made the Joker one scary villian. It made me appreciate Joker more just because of the flashbacks that showed how he became who he is but it also made me fear the Joker more because his \\"joke\\" in this goes far beyond anything I could have imagined Joker doing. I'm extremely happy I got this book because after I finished it, I went back to read it again. I really enjoyed reading the opening statement and the afterword because I don't normally get to hear what the artist and writer's think about their work. But this seriously is one of the best Joker stories ever written and the artwork is horrifying yet beautiful.
1563894696|3.0|I was expecting the Long Halloween to be great like Dark Knight Returns or Year One, but it didn't come close to measuring up.  It was definitely solid, just not in the same ballpark.  Sale's art is cool, and the coloring is beautiful, but some of the characters are a bit over-exaggerated for my taste.  The Joker in particular was way overdone, and Batman himself was too muscled out.  The Scarecrow and Catwoman were both very well done.  Loeb's writing was decent, but nothing to get too excited about.  There were some twists that I didn't see coming, but the dialog was a little mundane.  Overall it was a solid book, and worth the price for sure.  I will definitely check out their other collaborations (Dark Victory, When In Rome, etc.).
140120306X|3.0|I enjoyed the latest edition of the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. The overall story held my attention and there were lots of interesting twists to the plot. The Fanny Hill porno insert added nothing to the story and should have been left out. The final chapter is in 3D, very innovative.
B000A59PMO|5.0|This was a great show.  I am having a good time going back to the beginning and revisiting the story lines.  I am looking forward to catching up in set 3 as we had missed some programs and lost track of what was going on.  We were extremely disappointed when the show was cancelled.  Glad to have the DVD's.
B0000026UV|5.0|Why didn't I get this sooner?... This disc seems like a delightful, easy-going jam between Knofler and Atkins. Very enjoyable.
1594489505|5.0|After reading The Kite Runner I felt that Hosseini's next book would be a disappointment.What a surprise!!! I was glued to this book, turning each page with a mixture of fear, dread and hopeful optimism.I felt that I had not read a book but lived through an unforgettable experience and bade a sad farewell to the people I had shared this with.
031606792X|4.0|I was turned on to this series by a friend of mine and was immediately hooked by the emotion and tension expressed by Meyer.     I felt this book was interesting... what everyone has to say about a bad message to kids is in its own way right. But how else could Meyer have ended the series? Bella was going to choose human life and education over the earth shattering love she had for Edward? That is not relistic to the character developed throughout the series. I agree that the pregnancy is a bit extreme... but, for me, it worked.     The fact that Jacob imprinted on the baby of the woman he loved is more than just the creepy issue that is seen on the surface. I took it as the underlying reason for Jacob to love Bella so much. If you already believe in the magic of vampires and werewolves of this world, what is so hard to believe about Jacob being in love with Bella...being so attached to her from the start, if it was ultimately meant to keep Jacob around so that he would imprint on Renesme? If imprinting is destiny anyway... how else would Jacob have stayed around the Cullens to meet Nessie if he was supposed to hate vampires?     All that aside, I agree that marriage, babies, sex, etc all right out of high school is not the most necessary of plots to reveal, but if it had been some girl power, I don't need no man to make me happy story, there would have been just as much disappointment from the fans who wanted to see Bella's love last eternity
031606792X|5.0|One of the best books that I have read.  The story is great and you will love the Characters!!
B001BODXW6|4.0|Eventually I am comparing this with System of a Down (SOAD) as Daron and John were (maybe still are) part of the SOAD team. Moreover, Daron was the leading song writer in the band. So the question is: Is the magic there?<br /><br />Compared to SOAD, It has less but still catchy riffs. The melodic backbone is there with catchy verses. It is mellower then SOAD, but still it is a guitar driven album. The song structures are less complex - without those up and down tempo changes. The songs are more straightforward. The album has a live feeling in terms of production, which I believe is one of the strengths of the LP. The mixing is very mainstream. Vocals are up in the front with guitars and the rhythm section very easy to follow. Social awareness within the lyrics...<br /><br />Re-name the project as SOAD and you will definitely have a million seller in your hand. This is a very good album if you are into SOAD, but still something is missing. This is why, this is Scars on Broadway and not SOAD.
0441013597|5.0|Everybody else has already grokked \\"Dune\\" to the high heavens, and it definitely deserves all such praise.  Here I just want to mention a few thoughts I have about \\"Dune\\" that should add to its lustre and help explain (but not explain away) its runaway success.    1) \\"Dune\\" is extraordinarily well-written on a literary level.  Most sentences have the look of having been polished to a high sheen.  Not that they necessarily were... point is, there's no \\"filler\\" here at all.  Every word is in its place.  The richness of detail is overwhelming, especially sensory detail.  The narrative is well constructed, there is masterful use of 3rd-person omniscient narrator, and the plot unfolds at exactly the right pace.    2) Frank Herbert never wrote anything as good before or since.  Not even close.  The \\"Dune\\" sequels?  No way.  They don't even feel like they take place in the same universe, although the same terms, organizations, characters, etc... are still there.  Why?  Because starting with \\"Dune Messiah\\", Herbert's writing lost that hallucinogenic vividness.  Speaking of which...    3) \\"Dune\\" is the only fiction book I've ever read that has the power to raise my awareness every time I read it.  This comes from two sources.  The first is something I mentioned above - the extraordinary sensual richness of the writing.  The second is that Herbert is describing human beings with extraordinary powers of perception.  Somehow, Herbert hit on a manner of describing human beings with psychedelic levels of awareness which is vivid, authentic, and subjectively-congruent enough to actually bring this level of consciousness out of the person who is reading his work.  To read any part of \\"Dune\\" is to have your senses immediately sharpened.  You don't just read about the Bene Gesserit \\"voice\\" -- you actually sense its power within you.  You don't just read about the psychedelic power of the \\"spice\\" -- you actually consume the spice yourself as you read, and feel its power.  You don't just read about \\"plans within plans\\" and intricate Machiavellian strategies -- you actually gain access to this level of strategic intuition within yourself.  You don't just read about the knife-fights -- you actually feel your muscles and nerves becoming more subtly attuned and your reflexes sharpen as you read.    I don't know quite how Herbert managed to pull this off... but pull it off he did, and it's wonderful.
031606792X|4.0|[[ASIN:031606792X Breaking Dawn (The Twilight Saga, Book 4)]]    I am a HUGE Twilight Fan--but I have to say I am torn by this one----it was \\"weirder\\" more supernatural stuff, etc. and it seemed that some of the characters lost their \\"sense of self\\"---Bella didn't seem like Bella. AND I just hated the name \\"Reneesmee\\"-- BUT the ending fit the \\"fairy tale\\" nature of the books and tied up a lot of loose ends.
B0011N1WE8|4.0|I was surprised by this movie in a good way.  Having never once heard of it in the theatres I saw a preview for it on a DVD I had purchased and kept my eyes open for it after that.  I was not sure what to expect, but the story line was original, funny and well-played by al the actors, especially Catherine O'Hara as Penelope's mother who you wanted to slap more than sympathize with.  The tale moved between the fantastical and the ordinary so well that you felt it was possible for this to actually happen and wonder why you'd never heard of it before.  Christina Ricci gave Penelope a wide-eyed innocence while never seeming fake and ingenuine, and James McAvoy (a lot scruffier than I feel he needed to be), displayed a range of emotions just in his eyes that made you root for his character despite the obvious flaws.  Give this movie a chance to surprise and enchant you; I don't believe you'll be sorry.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|Love it love it love it.  Glad to finally add it to the collection.
B000683VI4|4.0|I do not prefer romances and I do not like Nick Sparks...  But I did like this movie.  I had always heard my girl friends swoon over it but refused to watch it.  One day, sick in bed, it was all I had to watch.  And I have to say, not only did I like it, I cried a little.  (And by a little, I mean a lot.)  The idea of a life-long love appeals to some but not to most.  Today's society  no longer understands enduring love -- probably why it doesn't appeal to men or teenage crowds.  Regardless, it is your A-Typical era-long love story with a sad ending.  But the journey was worth it.  And I hope those that do watch this movie with hesitation walk away learning a little something about marriage and love and the way those two work together to surmount life-long dedication.  There -- now I sound like a girl.
031606792X|1.0|As a enthusiastic fan of the first three books, I was absolutely APALLED by the horror that was Breaking Dawn. I remember reading a spoiler about Bella getting pregnant and Jacob imprinting on her child, and thinking \\"This cannot happen. Stephenie Meyer couldn't possibly do something so terrible to the characters she's created.\\" And then, I read this book. I couldn't even finish it in the beginning, it was so terrible. I am sorry to say I wasted time reading this book.     I loved the Twilight series for their vivid descriptions of teenage angst and the difficult choices one often has to make during these years. But this last book took all of that away from Bella. I had hoped SM would allow Bella to grow up emotionally and learn to depend on herself instead of others for propelling her life foward. None of that happened here.     I had also read that Little, Brown had only planned three books in this series and SM had forced their hand in publishing a fourth one. While I'm sure they were happy to do so after the success of the series, their initial editorial decision was a correct one. Bella's story should have ended at the third book.     I am happy, however, that we get to see Edward's version of Twilight, as the first few pages I've read on SM's website seem promising. I sincerely hope it is not tainted by the mess created in Breaking Dawn.
B0018TLRT0|4.0|It's hard to believe that it has been 30 years since Blondie released \\"Parallel Lines\\", an album that while it wasn't the bands first, was one that definitely secured them a place in music history for the decades to follow. The main tune on the release as many well know is \\"Heart Of Glass\\" and this became a radio staple and has even been referred to as one of the best song's ever written by Blender magazine. Of course growing up on your more conventional Hard Rock and Punk of the time, I preferred the album's other offerings such as \\"One Way Or Another\\" and \\"Hanging On The Telephone\\" for they were more in line with the tempo and styles that I was finding myself into. \\"Sunday Girl\\" was another winner, and getting the chance to enjoy them on a new remastered edition of the album was fantastic. During their heyday, I always found myself enjoying some of the musical adventures that guitarist Chris Stein and the stunning Debbie Harry were up to, and I even remember that I used to try and slam out the drumming that Clem Burke used to do for the numbers I referenced earlier. The whole release includes an insightful liner notes booklet and there is commentary from Stein and Harry who explain their thoughts of the time on the album's creation. If you are someone who still has an old musty vinyl sitting around, now is your chance to upgrade and hear these tunes with the memory of how important to you they once were, and probably still are. Congratulations on the anniversary, it's great to realize that a New York band like your own had the staying power and that your music still sounds fresh when compared to the current scene.<br /><br />DVD: \\"Picture This\\" (promo video), \\"Hanging On The Telephone\\" (promo video), \\"Heart Of Glass\\" (promo video), \\"Sunday Girl\\" (BBC TV \\"Top Of The Pops\\") - previously unreleased.<br />*** The DVD delivers the band's promotional videos for the songs and older fans will remember these films from the early days of MTV where they were all in constant rotation. There is also the bands appearance on the BBC program \\"Top Of The Pops\\" and that was an awesome inclusion since while a lot of footage like this exists, we so rarely get a chance to enjoy it. Lucky for us, Blondie decided to add their clip to the release.ere is also the bands appearance on the BBC program \\"Top Of The Pops\\" and that was an awesome inclusion since while a lot of footage like this exists, we so rarely get a chance to enjoy it. Lucky for us, Blondie decided to add their clip to the release.
B00008CLOA|4.0|I am an audio engineer and musician by trade.  I like Floyd but amd not a huge fan and this is my first album of theirs.  For starters, the CD layer sounds like it's at least a 4th generation 1/4\\" copy duped at too high of a level.  Luckily, this master was spared the horrific loudness was exploitation so the sound is fairly open.  But the over-cooked source tape causes the loud passages to get a bit mushy and dull.    Now for the SACD.  They obviously went through great efforts to try and recreate the original mix as well as possible.  The natural dynamics of the recording really shine and there's good usage of all the channels without being overtly weird with placement.  The only real problem I can hear is the vocals are a bit overly bright, to the point of being harsh at times.  But aside from that, the SACD layer is inof itself well worth the price of the album.  Definitely worth owning even if you're relatively new to Floyd like I am.
0394873742|5.0|When my son was a small boy he loved all the Richard Scarry books.  Now that he is the father of a small boy, I was delighted to find Richard Scarry's Biggest Word Book Ever published as a giant board book.My grandson found the large size a bit intimidating at first, but now it is one of his favorite books.
B0017MO10U|5.0|This is a much better movie than the Ark of Truth.  It combines many of the elements that made Stargate such fun to watch as a series.  Continuum will make a fine addition to your Stargate collection.
0440241030|4.0|In this novel, Jack Reacher is on the case of a kidnapped mother and daughter. The action swings from New York to rural England. The first time, to the best of my knowledge, that a Jack reacher novel has not been set entirely in the USA.<br /><br />I felt the storyline was good, throughout, and I was hooked from the start. There was always something at the end of each chapter, that would make me want to keep on reading. The characters in it were interesting, too. Having said that, there are better Jack reacher novels out there, but, this one is still very good and certainly worth a read.
0375842209|2.0|I'm afraid I'm writing this review without having read the whole book. After reading the first couple chapters I became so impatient with the affected, graceless prose that I left off reading.  Tries to be too cute and arty, forgets to show instead of tell.
0452289963|1.0|The author offers a few good points, but between those points are pages and pages of useless rambling.  I could not make it through the whole book.
0452289963|3.0|When I first purchased A New Earth, it was via a friends recommendation and I'll admit I had a gift card purchase to Barnes & Noble to blow. I didn't quite know what to expect, especially with this being a fairly wide departure from the science fiction, self-help, and fiction books I tend to read. In a way, A New Earth is self-help too, but a little more watered down than a lot of self-help books I've read.<br /><br />With that being said, I did find Tolle's A New Earth to be a helpful book. The main focus of the book is to get the reader to consciously be aware of their thoughts and that their thoughts DO NOT control their emotions but rather their emotions are a direct response to their thoughts. In addition, Tolle tells the reader to try his/her best to always live in the present moment. There is nothing you can do about the past and there is nothing you can do about the future except to live each present moment one at a time. That is to not say you can't learn from past mistakes and that you can't make future plans, just don't get so caught up in what you did in the past or so strung-out over that college degree or work project due in 4 weeks.<br /><br />I'll admit, this was a tough read at times due to my negative mindset. I tend to be a fairly negative person and at times (I am improving though), the negativity creeped in in the form of \\"What in the hell is he talking about? This will never work\\". In those times, I'd put the book down and really try and pay attention to what Tolle said instead of making judgments about the book based on my negative moods until I realized that this wasn't the way I needed to be reading the book. By the end of the Book, a great deal of what Tolle has said about one's thoughts, emotions, feelings, staying grounded in the present, being non-reactive in situations before replying had sunk in and many a passage was highlighted.<br /><br />Aside from it being different than what I usually read, I couldn't give it 4 or 5 stars just because of the fact that it's so wordy at times. Tolle could say what he's trying to say in a few paragraphs instead of stretching it to 5 or 6 pages. The only other minor quirk I have with this book is not enough concrete examples. Now I realize some of these spiritual/inspirational books can't be concrete for the whole book because that defeats the nature of them. However, there were times were Tolle would make a great point and then I'd be left hanging waiting for an example that never came.<br /><br />Overall, I'd give this book a 3.5 out of 5 though because I did learn from this book, it just could have been condensed more. For $7.70 brand new, I'd definitely recommend getting this for the price. If not, pick up a used copy and see how you like it!<br /><br />-Travist it's so wordy at times. Tolle could say what he's trying to say in a few paragraphs instead of stretching it to 5 or 6 pages. The only other minor quirk I have with this book is not enough concrete examples. Now I realize some of these spiritual/inspirational books can't be concrete for the whole book because that defeats the nature of them. However, there were times were Tolle would make a great point and then I'd be left hanging waiting for an example that never came.     Overall, I'd give this book a 3.5 out of 5 though because I did learn from this book, it just could have been condensed more. For $7.70 brand new, I'd definitely recommend getting this for the price. If not, pick up a used copy and see how you like it!    -Travis
B001676320|4.0|Don't buy this for the Chicago set.  Its ok, but lacks the brilliant Peter Cetera vocals.  Earth, Wind, and Fire is the reason to buy and listen to this.  The music and vocals are great and sound the same as they did 30 years ago.  Way of the World is beautiful and they play all the favorites.  One of the best music DVD's I own strictly for EW&F.
0201633612|4.0|I would say this book was a bit old school in it's approach and content, but was exactly what i needed to get a good starting point in understanding how to use design patterns in my software designs.  The case studies it presented were simple problems but contained practical elements I could apply to my next big project.
0671027344|4.0|Charlie is about to start high school, and so he begins to send letters to an anonymous stranger as an outlet for his fears. His letters continue through the school year, recording his friendships, high school life, mental issues, and ongoing battle to emerge from passivity and actively engage with the world. Although heavy-handed in its themes and discussing a surfeit of difficult issues from suicide to drug use to homosexuality, The Perks of Being a Wallflower is remarkably good. Realistic characters make up for the the unrealistic plot, and Charlie's epiphanies about life and happiness, however small they may be, are meaningful and resonant. The book is swiftly readable, emotional, and meaningful, and I recommend it.<br /><br />I wish that I had read The Perks of Being a Wallflower when I was a young adult, because I think I would have enjoyed it even more then. Reading it as an adult, the book is still quite good--but its flaws are more noticeable. From premise to plot, too much of the book is unrealistic. Charlie's letters function as a direct address to the reader, but why he writes them is never adequately explained. Although he is a wallflower--the very premise of the book--Charlie quickly becomes friends with a group of students, and through them (and his siblings) faces all number of difficult issues: (discrimination against and coming to terms with) homosexuality, drug use, rape, dating, sexual activity and promiscuity, pregnancy and abortion, mental health, and suicide, to name a few. With so many issues in such a short book, each becomes abrupt and heavy-handed, and some are immediately reduced to a single important theme.<br /><br />Despite these flaws, I enjoyed the book. It is swiftly readable, Chbosky's adolescent voice is almost too accurate, but best of all: despite its heavy-handedness, The Perks of Being a Wallflower manages to be remarkably sensitive and tug more than a few heartstrings. Though the plot lacks subtlety, Charlie does not. His thoughtful and emotional approach to his friends and environment grants him starting perception, and his continual battle to rise from thought into action is a never-ending coming of age story which is appropriate for all readers. No matter how blatant many of his epiphanies are, Charlie's small discoveries about his potential and happiness remain true and meaningful. The book is emotional, sometimes depressing, but ultimately empowering.<br /><br />The Perks of Being a Wallflower was not all that I expected it would be (based on the recommendation that I'd heard), and I believe that it is more relevant and enjoyable to the intended young adult audience. Nonetheless, I'm glad to have read it, and I can see why it's become a YA classic--and, for its subject matter, why it is controversial. Although somewhat blatant and heavy-handed, the novel deals with a number of difficult issues which may affect teens, denying neither their existence nor danger. But where the book really shines is in Charlie's personal and private discoveries, things not inspired by drug use or teen sexual activity. When he feels \\"infinite,\\" driving and listening to music with his friends, both Charlie and the reader are exhilarated by the potential of life--a message well worth taking away. I enjoyed this book despite its faults, and I recommend it to all audiences.ional approach to his friends and environment grants him starting perception, and his continual battle to rise from thought into action is a never-ending coming of age story which is appropriate for all readers. No matter how blatant many of his epiphanies are, Charlie's small discoveries about his potential and happiness remain true and meaningful. The book is emotional, sometimes depressing, but ultimately empowering.    The Perks of Being a Wallflower was not all that I expected it would be (based on the recommendation that I'd heard), and I believe that it is more relevant and enjoyable to the intended young adult audience. Nonetheless, I'm glad to have read it, and I can see why it's become a YA classic--and, for its subject matter, why it is controversial. Although somewhat blatant and heavy-handed, the novel deals with a number of difficult issues which may affect teens, denying neither their existence nor danger. But where the book really shines is in Charlie's personal and private discoveries, things not inspired by drug use or teen sexual activity. When he feels \\"infinite,\\" driving and listening to music with his friends, both Charlie and the reader are exhilarated by the potential of life--a message well worth taking away. I enjoyed this book despite its faults, and I recommend it to all audiences.
031606792X|1.0|Hilariously awful. Of course, this was no surprise to me, since the standard of writing, plotting, and characterization in the first three books was puerile at best, but Breaking Dawn surpasses the rest of the series with its histrionic, melodramatic passages, laughable attempts at drama, and flaccid final \\"battle\\" scene.    If this book were translated to film with Ed Wood as the director, it would probably become a classic of the stupendously stupid sort, and eminently worthy of MST3K.
6305428387|5.0|Loosely based on the long-shot Jamaican Bobsled Team that debuted in the 1988 Winter Games in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, this comedy delivers a storm of laughs, but also has an inspirational message.<br /><br />John Candy portrays a disgraced former bobsled competitor who finds redemption as the initially reluctant coach of the four-member squad. From team members who suffered great disappointment in other athletic endeavors to the doors nearly shut in their faces due to being outsiders in the world-class chess match of sports politics, this is a feel-good story on reaching for dreams and achieving victory in ways that cannot be measured simply by a stop watch.<br /><br />The message is universal and one that should be revisited by young people and adults on what gold medal performances actually mean in the game of life.
0670018651|5.0|This book is a fascinating view into the world of perfume. While cursorily interested in fragrance, I had never before been overly concerned with the art of notes, accords, and blends. Now I'm eager to go about and smell perfumes with a fresh new understanding and appreciation.    Caveat - be prepared to have your favorites slaughtered or mercilessly derided by the authors. This didn't bother me at all, but sensitive souls (read: the easily offended) may want to avoid.
0756404746|5.0|Fabulous! Aside from The Hobbit, I have never read a book from the science fiction/fantasy genre. The Name of the Wind intrigued me with the title, sold me with the summary, and captivated me with the story. I am absolutely hooked and can't wait for The Wise Man's Fear.
0307265730|5.0|These are careful, closely observed stories that the author illuminates with telling details: the way a daughter reminds a widower of his dead wife, or the silences that tense the tenuous link between parent and child. These stories focus on relationships, how they start, and how they end, but mostly about the moments and gestures that mark their stages. These stories read easily. Still, I went back and read them again, for the details that Lahiri sprinkles, like jewels hidden in a corner bookcase.<br /><br />The short story is a more perfect form than the novel. Every word, every sentence is important. Novels sell better, but the short story satisfies in a way that the novel cannot. I marveled at Lahiri's artistry, how she employs language in a unique way. She does not dazzle with incandescent prose, but her honest humanity shines forth in her writing. I had never heard of her before I started this book, but her stories moved me in a deeply personal way. I encountered emotions that I have felt myself, but never articulated. This is the mark of good literature.
B000060K4O|5.0|This film is at least as funny, if not more funny, as when it first aired in 1984.  3 parapsychologists of varied interest and sincerity discover there truly are ghosts.  When they are kicked out of the university and forced to work in the private sector they are met with surprising success.  It turns out a spirit assault is being leveled against humanity and these brave souls along with some hired help will stand against the forces of a nether world.    Some great lines include:  Back off man, I'm a scientist  Ok. So.  She's a dog.  No human would ever stack books like this.  He slimed me.
B000UJ48SQ|5.0|No problems here with this release. No real special features, but at least it's not one of those crappy snap cases.     Anyway, cinematography is A+, as well as the acting. This is one of the greater films from Stanley Kubrick because of its incredible story telling. It's long, but it's all good content. Watch this if you wanna see somethin' good.
B000BEZQ0Y|5.0|amazon tells me to be detailed and specific. how can anyone be specific about such beautiful music which conveys more than the broad emotional spectrum of the characters, the situations and places they are in? i find some of the tracks, like \\"Liz on top of the world\\" and \\"the secret life of daydreams\\", simply divine. they completely exceed the general outline of the film/novel, and become stand-alone music for something greater. one of the best scores ever written for a movie and my personal favorite to accompany my daydreaming. charming to listen to, never boring and goes lovely with a walk in the woods.
B00000DR5I|5.0|Something to note about Rubycon is that it was this work that triggered Robert Friedkin to ask TD to do the soundtrack of \\"Sorcerer\\". There are several reuses of some Rubycon themes in the movie music. Which took an otherwise ok movie and made it much more visceral.
0393978672|5.0|First you must read the voyage of the beagle by Darwin in which this book is base and it will make much more sense for you to read!!!!
B000P7V45S|5.0|Beautiful Cd as every job of genesis the video only 50 minuteren are good but unfortunately.
B00136NVGK|4.0|I love this CD! Disc 1 is very soothing. Some of his songs are just beautiful and timeless. And Disc 2 when you want to get funky. There are a few songs missing but overall it's a great collection!
B000PY52EU|4.0|A politically incorrect melting pot of rural American culture, BSM manages to tackle social, sexual, racial, and political issues without an overly exploitative nature.  With an intriguing storyline, an impeccable atmosphere, and great character development, not to mention the incredible performances from both Samuel L. Jackson as a believable southern bluesman named Lazarus and Christina Ricci as a promiscuous Rae, the production and acting are enough to make this a must-see.<br /><br />Essentially, the movie is just as the previews showed it: a black, southern bluesman finds a scantily clad, waiflike, white slut beaten on the side of the road, and he chains her to a radiator.  What's surprising, however, is that the chaining is more symbolic, more metaphorical than actually being provocative or sexual.  In fact, it's probably asexual if anything; Lazarus does it to help the healing process, and, by the way, to keep Rae's \\"itch\\" from causing her to screw everyone in sight like an overzealous car dealer.<br /><br />Facing the despair of a difficult, small-town, rural life, one in which each has to deal with past demons - Rae's combination of nymphomania, abandonment, and child abuse, Lazarus' betrayal at the hands of his wife and brother - the two undertake a healing experience together in which their souls are resurrected from an unfortunate demise.<br /><br />The biggest problem I have with BSM is that it's supposed to be a tale of morality, but it's replete with hypocrisy, thereby tarnishing the message.  So the female's carnal urges need to be controlled, but the male sexual urge can be the topic of a crowd-inspiring blues song?  Aside from that, the clear racial and sexual messages are askew to say the least.  The movie is set in a contemporary setting, but the overtones reek of northern superiority, presenting the premise that if Lazarus had called the police, there is nearly no doubt that he would have been charged, if not convicted - better to just chain the whore to the furnace!  Last but not least, for a movie that presumes to teach moral, racial, and sexual lessons, the imagery of enslavement is inappropriate no matter which racial setup is used.  Imagine the outcry if Jackson were replaced with Bruce Willis and Ricci were replaced with Gabrielle Union!<br /><br />Along with a great blues soundtrack, the emotional plot of BSM makes for a pretty good movie.  Ultimately, there is a hopeful, positive resolution for both main characters, and the drama is compelling enough to border on greatness.  Highly recommended.Last but not least, for a movie that presumes to teach moral, racial, and sexual lessons, the imagery of enslavement is inappropriate no matter which racial setup is used.  Imagine the outcry if Jackson were replaced with Bruce Willis and Ricci were replaced with Gabrielle Union!    Along with a great blues soundtrack, the emotional plot of BSM makes for a pretty good movie.  Ultimately, there is a hopeful, positive resolution for both main characters, and the drama is compelling enough to border on greatness.  Highly recommended.
B000V6583C|2.0|C'mon without Tracii Guns this album would have never been possible...\\"Sound never repeated\\" Get an L.A. Guns C.D. Moron! Why doesn't anyone wonder why Axl was never able to duplicate this success, and why he always relied on cover tunes? BECAUSE TRACII WASN'T THERE TO WRITE THE MUSIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also why Axl is sitting on his rich fat butt and Tracii is still rockin' out with legends like Nikki Sixx! Because Axl was a no talent hack! Tracii Guns Rocks Axl was, is, and always will be a wannabe!
B001DJ7PR8|5.0|It was probably after Bullets Over Broadway (1994) that I became weary of Woody Allen's films and avoided those that followed. Then, while reading various reviews of recently released films, I was encouraged to see Vicky Cristina Barcelona and thoroughly enjoyed it. Apparently content to write its screenplay and then direct it without appearing in it,  Allen's unique influence continues to be significant but inconspicuous as he allows his characters and plot to develop naturally. Here's the situation. Two young and attractive American women, Vicky (Rebecca Hall) and Cristina (Scarlett Johannson), arrive in Barcelona to spend much of the summer with Vicky's older friends, Judy and Mark Nash (Patricia Clarkson and Kevin Dunn). For reasons best revealed in the film, they become involved with a local artist, Juan Antonio (Javier Bardem),  and develop separate, quite different relationships with him.<br /><br />Several complications gradually and sometimes suddenly occur. For example, Vicky is engaged to Doug (Chris Messina) back in the U.S. who impulsively decides to visit her in Barcelona and marry her immediately in a civil ceremony there, to be followed by a lavish wedding later in the year. He represents everything that the analytical and grounded Vicky repeatedly claims she wants (i.e. wealth, status, stability, security). However, he lacks the passion and sensitivity that she has found irresistible in Juan Antonio. In stunning contrast, Cristina is a free spirit, \\"up for anything,\\" who also finds the artist irresistible and eagerly moves in with him, to Vicky's predictable dismay. Meanwhile, Judy Nash confides to Vicky that there is no love in her marriage and urges Vicky to follow her heart, not her carefully calculated life plan. Nonetheless, Vicky marries Doug soon after he appears and they remain in Barcelona for awhile.<br /><br />Unexpectedly, Juan Antonio's former wife whom he still loves, Maria Elena (Pen&eacute;lope Cruz), appears.  In fact, after her failed suicide attempt, Juan Antonio insists that she move back into the home they once shared and live with him and Cristina until she (Maria Elena) recovers. He loves all three women and they love him. It would be a disservice to those who have not as yet seen the film to reveal more plot details in this review of it.<br /><br />I think this is Allen's most coherent and engaging film since Hannah and Her Sisters (1986). His direction is crisp and sure, the dialogue is appropriate to various situations (e.g. there is an almost total absence of Allenesque quips), and the performances by the lead actors are outstanding. It is impossible for me to take my  eyes off Cruz whenever she is onscreen. Given her pyrotechnical personality, she is capable of literally anything. Clarkson does the best she can with her role as Judy Nash, one that allows her few opportunities to display her talents. (The same is true of her role in The Untouchables as Catherine Ness.) As for Bardem, he transcends the stereotype of a \\"Latin Lover.\\" Heaven knows his Juan Antonio is charming but he is also a caring person who is completely truthful with others. (Note the direct approach he takes in his first encounter with the Vicky and Cristy who can't take their eyes off him in a restaurant  after first seeing him in an art gallery earlier.) He challenges other characters to examine their values and, perhaps, trust their feelings more than they would otherwise be willing to do. Also, credit Javier Aquirresarobe with superb cinematography. When portraying life in Barcelona and (briefly) in Oviedo, he and Allen provide a visual feast of gourmet images.<br /><br />I also appreciate the fact that questions remain as the film ends. Will Vicky experience the same disillusionment that Judy has? Will Cristina finally find what she wants in life, having experimented with and then eliminated so much that she doesn't? Will Juan Antonio and Maria Elena ever be able to accept each other (as is) as they love eachother?<br /><br />\\"Lo que sera....\\"
0061245097|5.0|I admit, I read the first book yesterday and I posted a review saying I was a little bummed with the ending, then downloaded the second one.<br /><br />I was VERY happy with the second book overall. Still very funny, more steamy, lots of action and a good ending! I look forward to the next book and the chat that will happen with her mother...
B000O599ZS|5.0|The Duke in one of his best! If you are a John Wayne fan and do'nt have the Searchers in your movie collection, you need to buy this. The Searchers is a very good western for the whole family.
B00005V331|5.0|It's hard to understand how there are still people in this worldwide metal community who do not like this album. This is the purest form of in your face savagery ever recorded except for maybe Metallica's Kill 'em all and Black flag's Damaged.But, taking into account that the genre of metal has been tainted so many times with worthless bands that have nothing to express but that nerdy \\" Satan we conjure you, we're utter losers with no girlfriends or a life for that matter\\" it all becomes ...well...understandable. Listen, if you like bands where you can discern one song from their next in this limited black metal genre then Venom is the band for you and particularly this album.Most listeners won't like this album at first, I know for one I didn't but with the second and third listen it all begins to be firmly drilled in and by that i mean more specifically the riffs. Cronos's words and vocal prowess are pure vocal debauchery while the songs are exactly what the rock genre should be made of... sex and Satan. Say bye to Dimmu Borgir, Darkthrone and Cradle of Filth. This is metal.
B000E6UK5K|4.0|David Gilmour is a great guitar player with outstanding vocals, but he has done much better in my opinion.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This video is AMAZING. It is the most effective workout video I have tried. I am a workout video nut, so this says a lot. I have basically forsaken all others because this one delviers results in 25 minutes a day! (Including warm up and cool down) If you are thinking about getting this, JUST DO IT! You will not be disappointed. I won't go over what the workout entails, many have done that already. All you need to know is that it works and it is the BEST.
B0017APPT8|4.0|If you like this movie and still do not have it in blu ray, then buy it soon. You'll love it even more. The picture and sound are excellent.  It's worth spending the extra money. You will not be disappointed.  Enjoy!
B000YAA68C|5.0|PS I Love You is a bitersweet love story. It is one of those films which you watch with a tear in your eyes and a wisp of a smile on your face.<br /><br />Holly Kennedy (Hilary Swank0 has lost her husband (300's Gerald Butler). As she is in mourning over his loss, she recieves letters from her dead husband. From these letters, she starts to break out of her shell of widowhood.<br /><br />With the help of her Girlfriends (Gina Gersion and Lisa Kudrow) and her mom (Kathy Bates), Holly starts to live again.<br /><br />It is one of those nice romantic film to share with those you love. It is a throwback to the older 1950's type films where words and images are more important than car chases and curse words.<br /><br />The Cast blends together so well you could believe this story is true. Swank's Holly is so on  the money, you feel her pain and joy<br /><br />This is not just another chick flix, it is a well done romantic comedy. It will tug on your heart strings..if it does, check with your doctor to make sure you have a working heart.<br /><br />I only wish there was a director or actor commentary, which there isnt. I would have enjoyed hearing someone insights on how they made this film..but it is not needed with a film this good<br /><br />Bennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
0064407667|1.0|I am not a violent man.  In my lifetime, I have never been in a fight.  I've never seriously threatened anyone with violence, never made anyone feel afraid by my physical presence, never even really seriously considered doing violence to another person.<br /><br />Having said that, the feelings this book evoked in me were... violent.<br /><br />Not because Lemony Snicket has written a book where terribly unfortunate things happen to small children - I have no problems with that and in fact encourage it; it builds character.  I want to do violence towards  Lemony Snicket because he's a terrible writer who should never have been allowed to have his words put to paper.  His pens should be broken, his notes burned, his hard drive wiped and, if possible, his writings should banned by an Act of Congress.  The First Amendment can only go so far.<br /><br />You may be wondering what has roused this level of bibliorage in me.  By all accounts, this series is extremely popular, loved by many.  On various book review websites, this  book routinely gets at least four stars and high praise.  It was even made into a movie starring Jim Carry, and if that's not the Seal of Public Approval then I don't know what is.  It would seem that one of two things is true:  Either I'm seriously overreacting to a tiny aspect of Snicket's (AKA Daniel Handler's) writing style or the rest of the world is full of blind ignoramuses who wouldn't know decent writing if they woke up in bed with it after a bender in Vegas.<br /><br />As a reviewer, I, of course, choose to believe the latter.<br /><br />Snicket has taken what should be an entertaining story, filled with untimely death, physical violence, extortion, deception, and pedophilic overtones, and corrupted it by treating its audience like a bunch of drooling idiots.<br /><br />I am, of course, referring to his habit of defining \\"difficult\\" words within the text, with no regard for the flow of the story or the necessity of the definition. For example:<br /><br />Page 2:  \\"...occasionally their parents gave them permission to take a rickety trolley - the word 'rickety,' you probably know, here means 'unsteady' or 'likely to collapse' - alone to the seashore....\\"<br /><br />Page 13: \\"...over a dull dinner of boiled chicken, boiled potatoes and blanched - the word 'blanched' here means 'boiled' - string beans.\\"<br /><br />Page 18:  \\"'Please get out of bed and get dressed,' he said briskly.  The word 'briskly' here means 'quickly, so as to get the Baudelaire children to leave the house.'\\"<br /><br />Page 44:  \\"...the kitchen grew cozy as the sauce simmered, a culinary term which means 'cooked over a low heat.'\\"<br /><br />And so on.<br /><br />There are a few occasions where a word is defined well, in context and occasionally in character, and I don't mind those.  But the constant shoehorning in of definitions made me want to take a sharpened number two pencil and work it under Mr. Snicket's fingernails until he apologized sufficiently for being a hack.<br /><br />I've gotten feedback from people who like this style, especially parents, who say that it saves them from having to put down the book and explain to the child what \\"blanched\\" means.  Full disclosure: I am not a parent, nor am I likely to ever be one, but I think that teaching a child to figure things out for him or herself - or, god forbid, learn to use a dictionary - is part of what will make her or him grow up to be an inquisitive, intelligent adult.  In my real job, teaching English as a foreign language, I find that my students are more likely to remember a word if I make them work for it, rather than if I just tell them what it means.<br /><br />Let's face it - if this book is written for adults, then the author should treat his readers like adults.  If the book is written for children, which this ostensibly is, then the author has to choose whether to talk up or down to them.  In a book where the main characters' parents die before the first page and where the eldest daughter nearly becomes a child bride to her blood uncle, one would think the author has judged his audience mature enough to deal with these themes.  If that's so, then overtly defining \\"difficult\\" words is an insult to his readers, and that is unacceptable to me.<br /><br />I am reminded of a passage in Terry Pratchett's book, Wee Free Men, where the main character, a nine year old girl named Tiffany, asks an itinerant teacher about zoology:<br /><br />\\"Zoology, eh?  That's a big word, isn't it.\\"<br /><br />\\"No, actually it isn't,\\" said Tiffany.  \\"Patronizing is a big word.  Zoology is really quite short.\\"<br /><br />I think Mr. Pratchett may have read Mr. Snicket's book as well.
0743496728|5.0|A subject that strikes primal fear in each of us - the though of a school shooting, which unfortunately seems to have happened too often in recent years. Though some mention that things are a bit cliche or would not happen (such as bullying and the rest) the fact of the matter it does happen all the time and I would be hard pressed to find actual students who have not experienced these things to one degree or other.  And a good author puts an amalgam of traits into characters, it is what writing is about.  In other words that aspect was not a problem for me.    And overall the book does not disappoint and you will find yourself turning pages to continue even though you may not have time to finish a section, I know I did.  Overall it is an interesting perspective of the problem which is developed well and I often thought of my high school years and how difficult being an adolescent is for all of us.    Not as much of a fun-lighter read as some of Jodi's other books, but definitely one you should pick up, especially if you  liked other books
1844137872|5.0|Couldn't put it down.  Images are mezmerizing.  Everyone I show it to wants to buy it to.  No profanity or sexually oriented photos make it a hip gift choice for young people.
B0000009SF|5.0|I love Frank Zappa's instrumental/experimental period from the late 60's/early 70's.  That's probably why I love the Grand Wazoo.  While I haven't heard the entire disc, I can safely say this is one mighty fine album.  These instrumental jams are atmospheric, adventurous and as creative as a jam can possibly be.  The way Frank Zappa used to write music is just really incredible.  Being experimental really *is* the way to go, for long-lasting satisfaction.  While Hot Rats is his masterpiece, the Grand Wazoo is probably his next best album.  Jamming done right!
B00127RAJY|5.0|What can I say... I love Jillian. This is an awesome video. It is for anyone who wants to change and is ready for the challenge. People always want the easy way out...well... this is not it but it will create change. Right when your about to give up and hurt Jillian gives the right motivation to keep you going. I did the video for 30 days.. 10 days at each level to ensure I just kept pushing myself and worked hard. I lost over 19 inches after the 30 day period. Anyone can do this. Yes it will be hard but if you have the determination you can do it and you will see results just DONT GIVE UP!
0143038419|5.0|Several people I know have shared with me that they saw Gilbert as self-centered when they read this book.  To them and others who feel this way, I must make the following points.  First of all, you are reading a book specifically about a woman finding herself - do you expect it to not be about her?  Second, the circumstances leading up to her year-long trip around the world were very telling of why her focus in this particular book is so narrow: she was trying to discover who she was as she was trying to pull herself out of a debilitating depression.  Now, for those of you who haven't experienced this kind of self-doubt and helplessness, I am very glad for you.  It is awful and not to be wished on anyone.  The fact that she even had the desire to climb out of the dark hole that is depression and try to be proactive about her life again is entirely commendable and thrilling for me to see.  So, when she goes on this trip, she is hoping to learn something about herself in each of these countries.  She isn't claiming to have solved the world's problems or to have completely understood each culture, but she is taking the really good things from each place and incorporating them into her life, and in doing so is learning who she is and what she wants for herself.  That is something that we all are and should be constantly engaged in.  She has no illusions that everything about each country is all roses, that there is no poverty, corruption, prejudice, but that is not the topic of this book.  It's really not a topic that you can begin to swallow when you are just getting your legs back under you.  I found this book entertaining, inspiring, and a credible and accurate portrait of what it feels like to lose yourself and have to find it again.  We may not all be able to travel around the world to do it, but I think that's why we are able to read such beautiful writing.  She takes us to the places we cannot go.  And I love her for it.
0375714839|5.0|This book was one of the most interesting and unique books that I have ever read.  It was given to me as a gift and I honestly didn't think that I'd like it.  I was a bit put off by the comic book style, but it read just like a regular book.  The comic strip part only enhanced it.  LOVED IT!!!!!!!!!!
B00133KFGW|2.0|I'd have enjoyed this movie more if... well, if it had been better! I was expecting a serious movie and was dealt a Dickensian (1/2 of this story is Oliver Twist), Hollywood fairy-tale where actors are merely props for the movie's symbolism: Keri Russell is sublime and disciplined classical music and Jonathan Rhys-Meyers is hip and emotional Rock and Roll. A short-lived fling gives birth to Freddie Highmore, a super-gifted, musically inclined child who integrates both of his parents' artistic temperaments. They move through life longing for one another, both parents unaware of their boy's existence. Robin Williams plays an interesting character, the only complex one in the movie, who comes into Highmore's life during his time of need, gives him a name but whose relationship must eventually be abandoned. Williams' character also represents, to me, the stages of a career in music which in the end goes bad: Inspired and driven by love of the art initially, which then turns materialistic and self-destructive.<br /><br />The original aspects could have, if they had been done correctly by writer/director Kirsten Sheridan, been interesting, yet from the writing board to the final product much was lost. What is beyond reproach are her sets and shots; she has the ability to create in her movies a world one wants to live in. I absolutly love her use of colors and light. Yet, using actors as chess pieces to tell a story is just bad film-making, I'd have expected better from her.<br /><br />The problem is that once a writer or director decides to make symbols out of characters, the actor is trapped into playing the same note (and isn't that ironic?). That premise leads the movie to make several unbelievably stupid choices: After Rhys-Meyers abandons his super-hip band in New York (there was talk about \\"going back to Ireland\\") he finds an unlikely, super-cushy job in California. This type of overtly-privileged fantasy life is fine for the OC or 90210, not for a movie that wants to be deep. I can -grudgingly- let that go but when he runs into a former band mate years later we find that although the band broke up after he left, somehow they ALL end up living in California and within driving distance of each other! This is just insulting your audience. Beyond that, August Rush is just enervatingly sentimental; I haven't rolled my eyes at a movie so much since the English Patient.<br /><br />This movie has heart, is beautifully shot, family friendly and even something you might enjoy if you are in the right mood. It is about a universe of sounds and how harmony brings us together, about integrating all the notes in our scale and the value of art, discipline, emotion and Love. Too bad there's a droning single note throughout the movie and an excessive amount of emotional sap that makes August Rush easy to be cynical about.can -grudgingly- let that go but when he runs into a former band mate years later we find that although the band broke up after he left, somehow they ALL end up living in California and within driving distance of each other! This is just insulting your audience. Beyond that, August Rush is just enervatingly sentimental; I haven't rolled my eyes at a movie so much since the English Patient.    This movie has heart, is beautifully shot, family friendly and even something you might enjoy if you are in the right mood. It is about a universe of sounds and how harmony brings us together, about integrating all the notes in our scale and the value of art, discipline, emotion and Love. Too bad there's a droning single note throughout the movie and an excessive amount of emotional sap that makes August Rush easy to be cynical about.
0385340567|1.0|I've read all of the previous Reacher books and have enjoyed them all.  This was his not his best story line or writing.  To add to the problems Child decides to force some political views.  Which doesn't even fit.  I have always recommended Child and the Reacher series.  I won't pick one up again and I'll be sure to speak ill of this book when I get a chance.
1594489505|5.0|This book is one that truly depicts the horrible state thousands of Afghan women were in in the past 30 years or so. Khaled Hosseini was able to write another great book about a topic that is sometimes hidden from people. The story is of how 2 totally different women from different backgrounds came together to free themselves from the dangers that surrounded them every day. In the many struggles they went through, the 2 became even closer, and always planned to stay together. Using history as a base for people's lives was a good idea for Hosseini, and makes this story very realistic. A Thousand Splendid Suns is a must read, along with the Kite Runner, and is a story that will change your views on Afghanistan and other parts of the world.
0679746048|3.0|On the first page of her novel(?), Susanna Kaysen says she had to live for two years in a \\"parallel universe\\" when she became a patient in a psychiatric hospital. In the chapter \\"Elementary Topography,\\" she poses a question, how did I get to be in here?  The answer she gives, other than her being delusional, is that she was in a \\"state of contrariety.\\" She goes on, \\"All of my integrity seemed to lie in saying No.\\"  Two other chapters bear witness to the adversarial character of her illness, \\"Velocity vs. Viscosity,\\" which deals with her obsessive thought patterns, and \\"Mind vs. Brain:\\"  \\"Whatever we call it--mind, character, soul--we like to think it possesses something that is greater than the sum of its neurons, and that 'animates' us.\\"  In yet another chapter, Kaysen derides her former therapist, who was named \\"Melvin,\\" and who was to become her analyst. She acts like she tolerated him as someone imposed on her, and says that she \\"felt sorry for him\\" on account of his funny name. In an internal memo, however, a nurse reported that she experienced extreme anxiety over her therapist being absent.  Part of Kaysen's \\"state of contrariety,\\" then, must be seen in the light of an abject, back-against-the-wall helplessness caused by the mental illness. I pity Kaysen for her interrupted life. Her novel makes a compelling case for mental-illness research.  In the Charleston County Library, >Girl, Interrupted< is located in the \\"Young Adult Fiction\\" section, which is inappropriate for such a rough, lurid story.
0066620996|5.0|The book arrived much sooner than expected and in great shape.  Very pleased with the service and product.
0385340990|5.0|I fell in love with all of the characters. I didn't want it to end, and when I finished, I did something I have never done before, I reread a good portion of it. Hopefully book number 2 is almost done and ready to be published.
B0000640VO|5.0|Only the French, it would seem, can make films like this.  Can someone post other French films that are like this?  Because I want to know.
B00005V1B1|3.0|3 1/2<br /><br />The early progressive underachievers combined user-friendly classic rock with some impressively intense jamming to put out a challenging record without being too pompous. Some of the production elements along with a few vocal-guided sections have not dated as well as the instrumental peaks, but it remains a nice intro into more sophisticated older rock for those skimming the surface.
0307455874|1.0|I browsed this book of lies and half-truths from the man with the messiah complex.  Barry O. has no clue as to what makes America great.  His election would destroy our economy.  With higher taxes and more government regulation on the horizon, what business would want to invest in the future (except maybe trial lawyers).  Barry O. would hurt our education system with more political correctness and less true learning.  Barry O. would weaken our military and support every anti-American thug and communist around the world.  Our country would be left wide open to unrestricted illegal immigration.  This guy is a true empty suit who would be the most liberal President ever.  If you have any intelligence at all, you will never follow B. Hussein Obama.  Obama is a disaster waiting to happen.
B0015LB0SO|1.0|This movie was so bad (on every level) that I think every copy should be taken out in a field somewhere and burned. The acting was bad. The plot was disgusting and pointless. I have absolutely nothing good to say about this waste of time. I bought this movie because it wasn't available for rent anywhere, and I immediately turned around and sold it after only one viewing. Do yourself a favor and avoid this movie like the plague. If you want a good gay-themed horror movie check out \\"Hellbent,\\" \\"Make a Wish,\\" \\"Socket,\\" \\"The Gay Bed and Breakfast of Terror,\\" \\"Fraternity Massacre on Hell Island,\\" \\"Creatures from the Pink Lagoon,\\" \\"Dead Boyz Don't Scream,\\" \\"Dante's Cove,\\" or \\"The Lair\\" instead. All of those movies are better than this trash.
1594201749|5.0|This is one of those incredibly rare books which is both thrilling to read and morally uplifting. The 1995 Rugby World Cup provides a wonderful fulcrum for Carlin to talk about South Africa and the genius of Mandela as both a man and politician. The chapter about the mostly white team learning the anthem of black South Africa is worth the price alone.
141694740X|3.0|So, this book isn't really bad , but it is common sense. We girls keep making excuses for the man when deep down we known what's going on. We just don't want to say it or belive it. The book basically says the same thing over and over in every chapter just different situations. Basically if the guy doesn't treat you like a princess then \\" he is just not into you!\\" That doesn't take a whoe book to say but and here is where credit is due; if you are hard headed and in one of these relationships maybe reading the whole book is what you need.
B000T9OP7G|5.0|More than six hours of film in nine episodes. The attempt is admirable. To link up the three Terminator films by telling us more or less the story of John Connor and his mother from the moment she gets out of her hospital and the final apocalypse. It can give some depth to John himself It can build around him some family or connections. He gets an uncle from the future. It can play on time and that uncle can look at himself in 2007 when he was still a kid playing baseball. It also gives some density to the mother who was pretty shallow in the films. It can show more about these cyborgs, a good one who protects John and the bad ones. The list would be long of all the good points of this series. It has a shortcoming though. In a story that relies a lot on believing in the vast ellipses it uses, if you want to get down to gritty details you may run into some contradictions. And we do. We need the FBI agent, for some still unknown reason. So he is saved twice. Once by Sarah Connor herself and the other time by a hostile cyborg. Why? We do not know. It does not though bring anything new to the story. It just brings some pleasure by discovering the deeper personalities of characters we liked and we could not explore enough, like John Connor for one. In this first series they avoided the absence of Schwarzenegger by sending a cyborg who was supposed to be the sister of the very young John Connor, hence his age and the other sex for it to be less suspicious, especially when they are not all the time together. I am expecting the second series some day to see the next stage in that slow travel towards Terminator 3, especially since we left them with a car exploding with John's cyborg sister in it. Is that cliffhanging or something?<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
B000SX3HUY|3.0|I purchased this classic records 200 gram reissue recently after reading so much hype over this \\"definitive pressing\\". I do not get the excitement going on about this release. There is nothing special about the sound quality of this reissue over some of the first pressings of this record put out by either Island or Chrysalis (which, by the way, are not that hard to find these days. Maybe require a little TLC from Disk Doctor but so do most used LPs).  I have to say I disagree with Michael Fremer's opinion that this is the best sounding release of this effort ever. Ever?  Sure, it is extremely quiet vinyl...extremely. But, it offers no better low end clarity than some of the original issues. The high end is airy and has good depth and timbre but again, in my opinion, not much better than originals.   Needless to say, I am dissappointed with this reissue from Classic Records especially at the price they asked for it.  Now that it is no longer available new, the \\"vinyl authorities\\" have hyped it up so much that the price is sky-rocketing. In my humble opinion, look for a clean original and don't waste good money on this over-hyped, over-priced record.
0765348276|4.0|Scalzi's ideas are fresh and intriguing and I very much enjoyed this book. It is not often that a Sci-Fi writer produces the kind of originality you'll find here. Tragically, it lacks some fit and finish--otherwise it could have been one of the all-time greats. The story meanders without any real goal or sense of purpose, making it feel empty at times. The concept of a story arc is lost on Scalzi as well, who writes this very much like a travelogue. The end is consequently unfulfilling, have a rather rushed and anti-climactic effect. That said, this is still an excellent book which I would recommend to any fan of the genre.
0375703764|3.0|In brief: this book's structure is totally derivative of Kenneth Patchen's \\"Sleepers Awake\\" and \\"Journal of Albion Moonlight.\\"  It is as compelling as Stephen King in the sense that it is a satisfactory horror novel and there is a bit more depth to it than what one would expect from the genre.  What annoyed me the most about the book wasn't the actual story or storytelling, but the length and the fact that a lot of people seemed to think that his surrealist construction of the book was in some way original.
B00004VWA7|4.0|Jaco opens his self-titled disc with a shot across the bow of all bassists and bass fans.  His \\"Donna Lee\\" (with Don Alias on percussion) solo is the most famous song on this disc.  The soul vocal song \\"Come On, Come Over\\", seems out of place on this disc.  It's fine, but doesn't really fit in.  \\"Continuum\\" is a bass-led ballad showing off Jaco's tone and command of the fretless bass.  \\"Kuru/Speak Like A Child\\" is an upbeat song with good solos, particularily Herbie Hancock.  The problem with this disc is that the lineup changes from song to song, so it's hard to keep track of who the soloist is on any track.  Still, Jaco got some topnotch players.  \\"Portrait Of Tracy\\" is another bass-led ballad, this time showing off Jaco's harmonics.  \\"Opus Pocus\\" is slower-paced and the steel drums give it some world flavor.  \\"Okonkole y Trompa\\" sounds very Joe Zawinul-ish, it has running-in-place rhythm with a slow melody line.  \\"Cha-Cha\\" is fast-paced jam.  \\"Forgotten Love\\" is strings-based and has Jaco on piano.    This is a very appealing album, with some very good songs.  What takes the star away is its disjointed feel - it doesn't feel all of a piece.  I prefer it to \\"Word Of Mouth\\", which is more consistant, but it isn't as good.  Bass fans will love it, but this appeals to all jazz fans.
0060935464|3.0|You know what, I was about to put that book down and stop reading it.  I heard so many people telling what a good book/movie it was so I was curious to find out why.    The first half of the book was really dragging and sometimes seemed irrelevant and boring, but it totally turned around starting at chapter 17 (I know, a loooong way to go, but don't give up).  I was amazed at how well it ended, though.    I only give it 3 stars because of the slow-moving development of the plot.  However, I still think it's worth reading.
1603420398|5.0|[[ASIN:1603420398 Beyond-the-Square Crochet Motifs: 144 circles, hexagons, triangles, squares, and other unexpected shapes]], this book is great.  It has a spiral binding (a definite ++ in my book).  More importantly, it is packed with wonderful ideas and creative designs (circles, hexagons, triangles squares and unusual shapes - half circles, or, my favorite, joined rings) and ways to use them, arrange them and make them work.  It is also a great handbook with respect to yarn, gauge, beginnings and endings, edgings and doing your own designs.  Crocheted motifs are not just Granny Squares and this book proves it!
031606792X|2.0|twilight used to be story about a girl and a vampire.  then it became a more interesting story about a girl, vampire, and werewolf.  A lot of packages came with the supernatural aspects of vampire and werewolf and a lot of small town romance in between. With Breaking Dawn, Meyer definitely tried too hard by sticking to the supernatural romance while attempting a suitable ending.  Neither one really happened.<br /><br />In the beginning, Bella and Edward are setting up for a wedding. Bella's pretty young, but marriage isn't too hard to swallow. Yet. In first part, Book 1, there's bits romance, Edward trying to protect Bella, Bella being frustrated by Edward; the \\"bread and butter\\" of the Twilight. However, Book1 then becomes about making love, sex, and pregnancy.  That's when the head scratching starts to happen.<br /><br />Book2, starts out better but gets really awkward, really fast.  Book2 is more about Jacob, which actually helps a lot.  He starts to take a more active role in the pack and appears somewhat decisive.  Then, the pregnancy issues come back into play.  Bella is basically being torn about from the pregnancy. Everything about the birth becomes really really creepy, especially when Jacob \\"imprints\\" with Bella's baby at the end of Book2.  I suppose they're meant to be together whenever the baby learns how to walk?<br /><br />Book3 basically becomes a wrap up section.  The half human-half vampire baby is born, a little fighting here and there, and then the stupidest part: the werewolves in La push aren't actually werewolves.  They're shapeshifters!!  Of all the explanations...shapeshifting? Oh, and they basically can only morph into wolves.  I'm being serious about that too.<br /><br />The ridiculous ending isn't necessarily illogical; it's just really really optimistic.  Bella says at the end: And then we continued blissfully into this small but perfect piece of our forever.  Is that really what the fans wanted?<br /><br />For some reason, Stephanie Meyer changed course and didn't figure out she was lost.  Not only did she make her story really awkward with childbirth and pregnancy, she basically turned her female protagonist into a vampire housewife.  That, while basically making the love triangle into a non factor.<br /><br />On her website, S. Meyer has said the fans need time to get used to the ending.  Really, now?  Way to accuse the fans of not understanding your work.  I think if she spent more time writing, a better book would have popped out(no pun intended).  The sad part, is that even if Meyer wrote a great final book, she probably wouldn't have sold any more copies. The hype was everywhere and the bookstores bought into it.  What's even sadder, is that she basically lost a really great chance of clinching the respect from an audience that loved her.out she was lost.  Not only did she make her story really awkward with childbirth and pregnancy, she basically turned her female protagonist into a vampire housewife.  That, while basically making the love triangle into a non factor.      On her website, S. Meyer has said the fans need time to get used to the ending.  Really, now?  Way to accuse the fans of not understanding your work.  I think if she spent more time writing, a better book would have popped out(no pun intended).  The sad part, is that even if Meyer wrote a great final book, she probably wouldn't have sold any more copies. The hype was everywhere and the bookstores bought into it.  What's even sadder, is that she basically lost a really great chance of clinching the respect from an audience that loved her.
B00168HARG|5.0|When the idea for this show was being shopped around, I thought it would not see the light of day.<br /><br />A movie spin-off, to TV, normally is not going to be any good.  Luckily that is not the case here.<br /><br />This show takes place after T2, and follows John and Sarah as they try and survive and keep a low profile, while avoiding terminators.<br /><br />One day something happens, they are spotted, and they meet a new terminator, sent back in time by John.  This terminator is to protect John, this terminator is played by the beautiful Summer Glau.<br /><br />This show is explosive and pretty big budget.  The special effects look really good, the fight scenes are amazing, and the show has a pretty good cast.  The guest stars are really good too.<br /><br />After you get to episode 4, the show starts getting even better, it settles into more of a series feel.  The first 2-3 episodes feel more like a big movie, then it gets into series territory, and it does a good job.<br /><br />What I did first was put in my terminator blu-ray and watched it, followed by T2.  I forgot how good these movies were, and how awesome Arnold was.  When I watched the first episode of SCC I wasn't sure how this show was going to play out, would it be John and Sarah on the run, trying to avoid Terminators, or would it be something else?  Luckily it is something else, but also some running, the show surprised me, and went places I didn't think they would go, and they do a very good job doing it.  This is a pretty good series, unlike the guy below me, please view more episodes, try and make it to at least episode 5, by then you should be hooked!<br /><br />The video quality is really good.  I'm impressed.  The audio is fantastic.  I love the menus, and the show has some pretty cool special features.  I sat down and watched this in no time flat, took maybe 6-7 hours, it flows easily, and is worth watching no doubt.<br /><br />It is sad the show only has 9 episodes this season, but the 9 episodes are pretty good.  Some of the cast you will recognize from \\"The Shield\\", \\"The Wire\\", \\"90210 - The Original One\\" and \\"Firefly\\", \\"The Unit\\", \\"The 4400\\" and the movie \\"Serenity\\"<br /><br />The acting is great, Summer  will send chills down your spine when you view the episode where she is practicing ballerina lessons.<br /><br />This is a great show, I highly recommend it, and cannot wait for season 2 to start airing!episodes are pretty good.  Some of the cast you will recognize from \\"The Shield\\", \\"The Wire\\", \\"90210 - The Original One\\" and \\"Firefly\\", \\"The Unit\\", \\"The 4400\\" and the movie \\"Serenity\\"<br /><br />The acting is great, Summer  will send chills down your spine when you view the episode where she is practicing ballerina lessons.<br /><br />This is a great show, I highly recommend it, and cannot wait for season 2 to start airing!
B000003TAB|5.0|This album never got as much recognition as Nevermind or In Utero, but it can compete with both albums. There are a lot of great songs and it is an important contribution from Nirvana's short but revolutionary career.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|I keep on listening it and still I don't like. I rated 3 stars because I only found 3 good songs: track 1, 4, and 6 and maybe the last track; but no matter what I just said. In the deep of my heart I know that Coldplay is a great band.
B000IHY9UW|4.0|This is Oliver Stone's best film, Val Kilmer's best performance, and the 2d best fiction film representation of a rock band (This Is Spinal Tap is the best, of course). But first, the bad news:  Stone's miscogyny nearly sinks the film. Morrison's significant other,Pamela Courson, was by all accounts, a tough as nails hippy chick who had the measure of her man. Jim was as devoted to her as he could be to a woman, and while both strayed often, they always came back to each other. Doors songs memorializing their relationship, like \\"Queen of the Highway,\\" are a window into what Ray Manzarek termed a great love story. In the film, poor Meg Ryan (an excellent physical match for Pam) plays her as a nagging whiny scold, always trying to stop our hero from doing whatever it is a man's gotta do. Nothing could have been further from the truth, as Pam's refusal to put Jim on a leash was what kept them together. Her character is intolerable in the flick, just like Sissy Spacek's performance as Jim Garrison's wife in JFK and Daryl Hannah's in Wall Street, and is likely more representative of Stone's relationships with sundry long-suffering ex-wives than Pam and Jim.  Stone's miscogny rears its ugly head again in his slander of Nico, the ethereal, brilliant ice goddess, here depicted as a balloon-breasted nekkid bimbo. Ugh.  These 2 dead women are sadly not around to kick Stone's butt for the injustice committed herein.  Second: for a movie called \\"The Doors,\\" Robby Krieger, John Densmore, and Ray Manzarek are relegated to the background of the film. Morrison deferred to them in all matters artistic, and in return they provided him with a splendid musical carpet, backing his every unpredictable move every step of the way. While the film does justice to the music, it barely acknowledges the contribution of the musicians, without whom Morrison knew and acknowledged he was nothing. Character-wise, they seem like low-key versions of Pam, bemused and upset by Jim's antics where I suspect in real life they were enablers and facilitors and collaborators.    Now the good: perhaps because and not in spite of the fact Stone was stuck in the jungles of Vietnam while this story was being played out, as an imaginative re-creation of The Summer of Love and its dark aftermath, this film is nonpareil. Every detail of decor and costume, every location, seems dead-on accurate. [except for the fact that the women who pack the gigs look like they just tumbled off a casting couch...] I think Stone relished making up for the '60's he missed, and threw himself into the project with discipline and love. (Think of this as the homefront story playing out behind Platoon and Born on the 4th of July...)The concert scenes are phenomenal, orchestrated chaos spiraling out of control, while the ring-leader looks on with a bemused, ironic detatchment, not quite knowing what to make of the mindless Dionysian energies he has un-leashed in his audience.  Morrison speaks to Stone: both are products of the counterculture gestalt, both are artists who mix vast talent with vast pretension, excess, bombast, a boatload of drugs, and macho nonsense in equal measure. Stone's aesthetic failings are also Morrison's (great pop star/wretched poet), so the weaknesses of the film don't really hurt the movie, they make it seem more true to Mr Mojo Risin's messed up genius.  Finally -- Val Kilmer. This performance/incarnation is flat-out uncanny. Beyond capturing the obvious -- the looks, the voice, the stance, the charisma -- Kilmer also catches the irony and anti-star compulsions; his bemused role-playing when he poses for cheesecake photos for the cover of 16 magazine, his desire to shake up his audience by all the means at his disposal, his willful physical degeneration, pulling the plug on his Pop Star persona by turning himself into a tubby bearded wino/bluesman in record time. Kilmer never lets us forget Morrison was something of a clown, waiting and watching to see what would happen next when he ventured out further on the edge, appreciating the absurdity of the endeavor. Kilmer's sense of humor and self-mockery is what saves the movie from pretension, as it ultimately saves Morrison's art.     Formally, this movie initiated the chaotic visual style, expressionist psychedelic agit-prop, which Stone brought to fruition in subsequent films like JFK, Natural Born Killers, and Nixon. The film seems to careen out of control, but Stone's hand is firmly on the tiller. By the time we get to the legendary Miami concert that basically ended the band's career, with Kilmer/Morrison exhorting his equally whacked-out audience to follow him all the way, but clueless as to the destination, the swirling disembodied camera, perfectly re-created music, and wild montage really puts us in the heart of an epoch long past -- I really felt like i was there. Warts and all, a classic.
0596007124|4.0|At first glance this book resembles a comic book, and this may persuade you to put away the book. I recommend that you go through the first chapter and make your decision.    In reality as SW Engineers while designing a system we consider a set of requirements required to meet current deadline. We also attempt to think through several permutations and combinations of these requirements that may be required in future. Often, we fall short in conceiving all that is need to meet future requirements.    This book walks through such scenarios and at times points out how to design software while mitigating such changes to minimal in future releases.    At times some examples present a simplistic approach. Also I would have liked to see some performance analysis while comparing one approach with other.
0618918248|1.0|What a disappointment. I was expecting a serious argument that would challenge belief in God. The book is full of sarcasm, patronizing conjecture, anecdotal reports and straw man agruments. I was expecting more from a man of science. These are the same arguments that he accuses his debunkers of using.<br /><br />I don't know if Thomas Jefferson was an atheist or not. Why are his beliefs significant to the argument? There may be high churchmen who hold their own faith in contempt, but who are they? Not one name is named. If the book of Judas is not part of the christian cannon, why was is quoted as if it were?<br /><br />The whole book is full of sloppy arguments. It is not worth purchasing.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|I think it's been said all before in the other reviews, but I'll say it anyhow. This album is just one of those bits of perfect music, put together in a way that flows and ebbs in order to keep you hooked. And hooked you will remain! From the hard-hitting electronica of \\"15 Step\\" to the haunting piano and lyrics from \\"Videotape\\". It's my favorite Radiohead album by far and one that should be listened to and relished by anyone interested in either Radiohead or just good music.
1593080719|5.0|Scholars can make careers out of analyzing this wonderful novel, so I'll comment on the edition I'm reading, the Barnes and Noble full-size paperback.  The text size is just within the range of \\"comfortable\\" for a middle-aged reader, a feature not easy to find in the great classics.    The footnotes and endnotes greatly enhanced my reading experience, as did the insightful introduction.    I hope more publishers realize that modern readers want to tackle the classics, but we do need help in the form of notes explaining foreign phrases and cultural terms and allusions from another land and time.  And we need text large enough to make the reading a pleasure rather than a squinting endurance test.  This B&N edition is a winner.    Lord knows there are enough hungry doctors of literature willing to annotate and introduce the classics!    Note that Modern Library Classics full-size paperbacks are also often excellent.  In any case, if text size is an issue, better try to examine the actual book before deciding, because even these publishers have a few titles with tiny print.
B00168HARG|5.0|[[ASIN:B00168HARG Terminator - The Sarah Connor Chronicles - The Complete First Season [Blu-ray]]]    This was one of, if not THE best new series of last season. Despite the writer's strike shortening this series' first season down to only nine episodes, it was action packed! Forget the few negative reviews out there saying that it ignores T3, because that's a good thing. This is supposed to take place after T2, therefore T3 does not exist in this story line. The writing is clever and sticks to the Terminator canon. If you liked T1 and T2 and are willing to accept that this series uses them as its basis and goes in a slightly different direction, you'll love this series. If you're not willing to accept that and enjoy the deeper character development, then don't watch this. In my opinion, as a die hard Terminator fan, this series is an excellent, excellent compliment to the first two movies, and ignores the dreadful T3.    5 Stars!
B00065MDRW|5.0|It's like the Sgt.Pepper of progresive rock. An authentic iconoclastic and lawbreaker revolution. An icon for the nonconformist university students then. A new way of making music that lasts and survive until now all through the different ages and band lines up, always with Robert Fripp at the front. Later albums like Island, Red o Thrak can minimize its final score but it passes the passage of time. A great classic.  YOU STILL GET A SHOCK WHEN YOU BUMP INTO THAT COVER IN THE RECORD STORE OR THE PC SCREEN!  ---------------------------------------  Es el 'Sgt. Pepper' del rock progresivo. El primer lbum genuinamente progresivo, iconoclasta, transgresor y revolucionario. Era el emblema de los universitarios inconformistas e intelectuales de la poca. Una nueva forma de hacer msica que ha evolucionado hasta hoy da a travs de las diferentes pocas y formaciones del grupo cuyo estandarte es Robert Fripp. Albumes posteriores como 'Islands' 'Red' o 'Thrak' lo hacan ms simple y sencillo pero sigue superando el paso del tiempo. Absolutamente un clsico genial. La portada es an un sorprendente icono cuando te la topas en la tienda de discos o en la pantalla del ordenador.
B000T9OP7G|5.0|[[ASIN:B000T9OP7G Terminator - The Sarah Connor Chronicles  - The Complete First Season]]    This was one of, if not THE best new series of last season. Despite the writer's strike shortening this series' first season down to only nine episodes, it was action packed! Forget the few negative reviews out there saying that it ignores T3, because that's a good thing. This is supposed to take place after T2, therefore T3 does not exist in this story line. The writing is clever and sticks to the Terminator canon. If you liked T1 and T2 and are willing to accept that this series uses them as its basis and goes in a slightly different direction, you'll love this series. If you're not willing to accept that and enjoy the deeper character development, then don't watch this. In my opinion, as a die hard Terminator fan, this series is an excellent, excellent compliment to the first two movies, and ignores the dreadful T3.    5 Stars!
015206396X|4.0|I was hooked from page 1 of Graceling.  The premise of the novel, people who have superhuman skills in one area are called Gracelings, with their skill being their Grace.  A Grace can be anything from an extreme talent for cooking or dancing to more exotic talents of mind-reading and killing.  The Gracelings are recognizable by their eyes.  During childhood, their eyes will settle into two different colors.<br /><br />Graceling follows the tale of Katsa, a young lady who has been cursed with the Grace of fighting and killing.  She is stonger, faster, and deadlier than everyone.  Her uncle the King takes advantage her Grace but using her to punish his lords and subjects for wrong-doing.  The problem arises when Katsa doesn't agree with her King's idea's of wrong doing and just punishment.  She is tired of everyone fearing her and is very lonely with very few friends.<br /><br />That is the set up of the novel.  It begins with some good 'ol butt-kicking action and intrigue, sucking the reader in right from the beginning.  The characters are well developed and very believable.  There are times that the story grinds into slow gear, and toward the end, things get wrapped up very neatly and very quickly, which is rather odd.  All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed Graceling, and have heartily recommended to my co-workers and friends.  I will add this author this my Fav's list, and will be on the look out for her next novel.
B0015YEQXM|2.0|This \\"book\\" is not a book at all but only part of a book. \\"Made to Stick (Introduction and Index): Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die (Kindle Edition)\\" is what it says, only the Introduction and index and serves merely as a tool to get you to buy the book in serial chapter format at about 2.39 each. {$2.37 * 7(free intro, 6 chapters and an epilogue)=$16.73}<br /><br />So you see, if you want to buy the book, it would be cheaper to just buy the whole thing (Kindle version)for 9.99 from here.
031606792X|5.0|Meyer still knows how to write a great story arc, with continuously growing characters.  There are several different climaxes in the action, which will keep you interested.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I did not see her change anything about the characters in this last book, and their actions are a direct result of the characterization in the previous three novels.  An interesting aside - some of Meyer's chapter titles are hilarious - not something a reader usually sees.
B000001ZS3|5.0|Ok, I should first start by remarking that in no way am I a big fan of electronic music. It's just never been to my taste. Initially this was because I regarded the synthesizer as the lazy man's way of making music, but now that i'm older I realize that working a synthesizer well requires at least as much patience and practice as any other instrument. I can only imagine how much effert Jean Michel put into this album over the three months it took him to create it, and in  his dining room no less. And not only does he pull it off, but he pulls it off quite nicely. It's the only piece that I've ever listened to that left me feeling as though I'd just made a journey through space, under the sea, across an arctic wasteland and perhaps even across time itself all within the space of about forty minutes. And it was all done by one man.<br />  Oxygene has a spacy, I would even say hypnotic feel to it, which would explain why it's been used in Sci-Fi films and radio programs. Anyone who's ever listened to this piece and who's also familiar with the BBC's Hitchiker's Guide radio program will know that Oxygene gets some fairly heavy use in a lot of the narration sections. I even had a teacher use it, the entire album, mind, in an assignment for Creative Writing back in my Senior year of High School. The idea was that we were to listen to the piece and then just write whatever popped into our heads. And since the class was well over an hour long there was ample time to listen to the whole album. I seem to recall some fairly abstract pieces of work emerging from that particular class, although for the life of me I couldn't tell you what any of them were about. I don't even remember mine. But that just goes to show what effect Oxygene can have on you if you open your mind to it. The tense, urgent sound of Oxygene II, all the tracks of this album are named in this way (Oxygene I through VI), is enough to set my blood to racing. Quite apart from the spacy sound effects that threadthroughout the first half of the track, the melody itself is a high-pitched, urgent one that almost makes you feel as though your life is on the line. And the bass, although it's only the same note repeated rhythmically over and over again, is played in such a way as to make you think of a frantically racing heart. In fact this very track is used in several films I know of, Galipoli to name one. It also appeared as the main theme for a film we watched when I was in eighth grade Social Studies. We were talking about Hiroshima and the atom bomb, and my teacher had rented what she thought was a documentary about it. It may have been about Hiroshima rightly enough, but if it was a documentary it was of a silent variety, featuring only the aforementioned Oxygene II. Whether or not more of the piece was featured in said film I don't know, because my teacher ejected the cassette from the VCR rather quickly because the music got on her nerves. Of course that was before I learned that it was part of a piece called Oxygene, and at that point I agreed with her about it beig annoying. But since hearing the full masterpiece in Creative Writing I've tried, mostly  without success, to find a copy for myself. Then I found one here on Amazon. After reacquainting myself with it I can actually give you a breakdown of each track, so let's get on with that, shall we?<br />  The CD opens with Oxygene I, which sounds like a prelude to something. It opens quietly with what sounds, to me at least, like an etherial sort of melody that is quickly joined by the bass and other accompaniment. There's even a Theremin, or what sounds like one, featured heavily in this track. The melody remains basically the same throughout with a few subtle changes, then towards the end some spacy sound effects begin to phase in. At that point the melody changes to a kind of tense, anticipatory sort of sound, by which you know you're coming to the end of Oxygene I and will soon be into Oxygene II.<br />  OxygeneII, probably my absolute favorite track, picks up right from Oxygene I. In fact oxygene I bleeds seamlessly into Oxygene II. The melody, as I said earlier, is a very high-pitched, I would even say urgent little tune enhanced shortly by the synthe bass and the spacy sound effects that almost put one in mind of a meteor shower in the vacuum of space. Soon we're treated to another high pitched little melody that, if anything, is even more urgent, I might even say sinister, than the main one, all the while with the main melody still playing underneath. Twice we're treated to this little gem, after which the melody takes a dramatic change. Oddly enough, however, it works out just fine. The spacy effects, too, are largely absent from the second half of the track, replaced by an amazingly realistic sound as of wind blowing through sand or even tall, dry grass. Soon there's even what sounds like a choir of human voices, a sign that the track is coming to its end.<br />  Oxygene III is little more than a bridge between the fabulous Oxygene II and the equally fabulous Oxygene IV. But it's a fabulous bridge at that. In fact it's one of the pieces used fairly heavily in the BBC's Hitchhiker's Guide radio drama. The theremin is back in this one as well.<br />  Oxygene IV is perhaps the most well-known track on the album. It starts out with more windy sounds, joined by a cool rhythm and an even cooler melody. The wind remains in the background, making you think of crossing an arctic glacier. In fact if I remember right the video for this track featured a penguin march.<br />  Oxygene IV bleeds eventually into Oxygene V, marked by more bird sounds, or perhaps stoner sounds if you choose to look at it that way. The tune itself starts out extremely quietly, almost enough to allow you to catch your breath from the journey so far. But soon it picks up a little with a newer melody, accompanied by the same grandios bass sounds like in Oxygene III or even Oxygene I. But wait! There's more! Soon enough the track takes a complete 180, with an insistant riff and a completely different melody that persists for a good three minutes at least.<br />  But all good things come to an end, and Oxygene ends with Oxygene VI. An excellent windy noise preceeds a catchy rhythm and a quiet melody, accompanied by a convincing sound of waves breaking on the sand, complete with sounds of gulls. The track ends on the same soft, windy note on which it began.<br />  All in all I find nothing on Oxygene to complain about, except perhaps its brief playing time. Forty minutes? Brief? For something like this, yes it is, since it's almost guaranteed to leave you wanting more. So if you're into synthe music, or even if you're not but want an intensive listening experience, you might just do yourself a favor by taking a good long listen to Oxygene. It might just change your life for the better. It certainly improved mine.
B00005JPO1|3.0|When I went to see this latest version of Indiana Jones, I expected the usual mayhem coupled with an aging cast. This is to be expected. What was of major interest in this film is the obvious sentimental journey of honor to Science Fiction and other films of the 1950s that were a part of this work. The \\"Atomic Cafe\\" is one of the first that we see, as the transports in the beginning of the film ride past the \\"Atomic Cafe Motel\\". What follows is a nuclear blast and survival recommendations based on the books and films of the era. \\"You may only have seconds, so get into anything with a lead lining.\\" Indy is always the Patron Saint of the Impossible regarding survival, and he does so in this work as he enters a lead lined refrigerator to survive a nuclear test.   Next we have \\"The Wild One\\". Indy's son looks exactly like Brando in his motorcycle outfit as he enters the college grounds. Another is a flying saucer that is exactly the same as \\"The Day the Earth Stood Still\\".  In fact it is very obvious throughout this picture that the director is mirroring 1950s Communist Scare era films and Science Fiction Alien Invasion films. If you were a film student of the era you could probably pick out about 10.   So, what I am saying is that this film is more than meets the eye. However the computer stuff is VERY OVERDONE and detracts from the entertainment value. It is still worth seeing but I question the price of this DVD. It should be about $17.99. Not $34.99. That is a rip off! Shame on you!
B0002Y4T92|5.0|This two-DVD set captures a once in a lifetime event.  From blues legends like BB King and Buddy Guy, folk rock artists like JJ Cale and James Taylor, rockers like Joe Walsh, to Eric Clapton who has a little of every style in him, this is an amazing festival in every way.    To see BB King, Eric Clapton, Buddy Guy and Jimmy Vaughn all on the same stage together singing \\"Rock Me Baby\\" is incredible.  I enjoyed hearing \\"After Midnight\\" by the original artist (JJ Cale), and I liked the fact that although Clapton was on stage with him, he let Cale sing it his way.  (Anyone who knows Clapton knows that he rocked up \\"After Midnight\\" to the point where it didn't sound like the original at all.)  I believe that's a testiment to how much respect Clapton had for his fellow musicians.    Joe Walsh was in a bit of a playful mood during his set.  He introduced \\"Rocky Mountain Way\\" by saying, \\"If I had known I'd be singing this song for the rest of my life I probably would have written something else.  But I didn't so you're stuck with this one.\\"  I thought that was good.    I have both this DVD and the DVD from the 2007 festival, but I strongly prefer this one for its lineup and songs.
031606792X|5.0|*MILD SPOILERS*<br />I'm a a huge fan of the Twilight saga, and I was very anxious to read the finale. Stephenie Meyer said herself that this is the best way to end the series, and I couldn't agree more! Everything is on it's place, and very natural. I was extremely mad to read all the negative reviews, because people said that Bella didn't have to sacrifice ANYTHING to get her own way, and I couldn't disagree more on that matter. If her own life isn't a sacrifice enough, than what is? And when I say her life, I don't mean it like dying or end of living. Bella becomes a vampire, and by that her mortal, normal life and everything she new vanished. That's the biggest sacrifice Bella made in order to protect her family.<br />And also, Bella has a special vampire gift!<br />Anyway, this is my favorite book in the series, I rate it 5 stars!
B00005JPO1|1.0|Ill just say that after 20 years, and dozens of scripts rejected by Lucas, Spielberg and Ford, I expected more.  So Indy is back with a new side kick, who changes sides more than he changes underwear and is not 1% as likeable as Sallah from Raiders and Crusade. Its great to see Ford back in the fedora but this story was small when you consider it may be the last time we see this past centuries greatest film adventure hero.  Mutt as Tarzan, annoying yes, and Spielberg saying he wanted to go back to basics with this one, as little CGI as possible, and the firts scene of the movie is a CG gopher, nice Steven, nice.  It was just bad, Ill stick with the original 3, exactly as i have done with the Star Wars films, the original spark is gone and we are left with lead lined refrigerators.
B00000255O|5.0|Man-Child is still one of the best electronic funk collections going.  You might have to fire up your turntable and throw on the LP like me, and it's worth getting up in the middle to turn it over.  Classic 70's riffs with one of Hancock's best piano keyboard solos to this day toward the end of \\"Hang up your hangups\\".  Bright, clean, this album will pull you out of your chair and have you moving your feet.
B000002GYW|4.0|This is the sophmore effort to their debut album the eageals. Two of their singles is Outlaw Man and Tequila  Sunrise, the title track Desarado is one of their signature songs but it was never released as a single. The song Certain Kind of Fool is sung by the bassist Randy Meisner. This album is a \\"concept album\\" it is based on \\"Dalton gang\\" ambiented in the old west.  I would recomend this in your cd collection
0312427999|1.0|Disturbing because this is statist drivel.    Decidedly anti-liberty, this book is really just a series of straw men - one-dimensional analogies and arguments that purport to show us why nationalization is so great.  The Klein models fosters an environment for people like Pinochet - it doesn't save us from them.
B0000028SU|5.0|This is by far Bruce's most underreated album. This was hyped as a big comeback album, along with Human Touch after 5 years since he released Tunnel of Love. This album has some of his best songwritning on it, he does use a different band than the E Stree Band. The only single that he released was Better Days. I love the song Living Proof, The Big Muddy, and Leap of Faith. Book of dreams is a slower song on this album, so is the big muddy and  If I should Fall Behind. Just listening to the lyrics, you know Bruce was really in a happy time in his life. He got married and became father
B00005JPO1|4.0|Imagine in 1935 a couple of maverick filmmakers made a B movie called Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, but, being young & inexperienced, the movie was barely released.  Not too daunted, and, being Jewish, getting angry at the rise of Nazis in Germany, they made Raiders of the Lost Ark.  Having learned from their mistake the first time around, this one got a much wider release, and a year later, they re-released Temple of Doom.  Still angry at the Nazis, in 1939 they kept them as the villains when they made Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.<br />Then, their political passions got the better of them and they went to war.<br />Afterwards, they came back , did some other movies independently, and their Indiana Jones movies seemed all but forgotten.  With the advent of television however, their movies found a new audience.  This inspired the filmmaking team to do an updated modern day adventure.  With rumors of a flying saucer crash in Roswell, the Russians as a new threat to national security and some odd paranormal skulls one of the writers read about, they thought they had the makings of a pretty decent plot.  With the threat of nuclear war & multiple bomb tests taking place, it worked in some more contemporary action sequences.<br />This is the attitude Lucas & Spielberg had when they made this movie.  It is a mock period piece like Tarantino's & Rodriguez's Grindhouse and the earlier Indiana Jones & all of the Star Wars movies.  The biggest difference is that those movies all seem firmly set as movies which could have been made in the 1930's, while Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is a period piece of the 50's.Fans of Edgar Rice Burroughs, Arthur Conan Doyle and H. Rider Haggard will recognize this as being a reflection of the same type of literature which they used to produce.  Burroughs tried to have Tarzan pass the torch of adventure to his son, which never quite caught on, Doyle eventually had Sherlock Holmes retire to beekeeping where he would still eventually find himself in an adventure or two.  These authors kept the heroes going a bit past their prime, let them get older.<br />In this era of having franchises get rebooted (Batman, Bond) in order to reflect current sensibilities, Lucas & Spielberg have decided to let their hero, and the world around him age, not to the present, but to where things are becoming increasingly familiar.mself in an adventure or two.  These authors kept the heroes going a bit past their prime, let them get older.  In this era of having franchises get rebooted (Batman, Bond) in order to reflect current sensibilities, Lucas & Spielberg have decided to let their hero, and the world around him age, not to the present, but to where things are becoming increasingly familiar.
B000089RV6|5.0|This is the first album with new lead singer Brian Johnso. He is way more amazing than Bon. no offense Bon, but when brian came in, AC/DC became rock stars. Back in Black is on the top 5 best selling cds in america and world-wide. They released three singles on this record. Hells Bells, Back in Black and You shook me all night long. My personal favorite is Shoot To Thrill and Given The Dog A Bone. Most critics critisize it for being but a sex album. Which is true, like You shook me all night long, What do you do For money honey, Let Me Put My Love Into You. This is the album that made me listen to more older music. When I played this and the first track Hells Bells, the sound was so freakin amazing
0930289234|3.0|I'm not going to make this long but basically I saw the trailer for the movie and was blown away. When I found out it was based on \\"the greatest graphic novel of all time\\" I knew I just had to get a copy. I'm not much of a comic person but the artwork is impressive. The story has interesting characters, the ending is VERY unpredictable. Other than that, if you're like me and you read lots of novels, short stories, and movie scripts don't expect to be knocked off your feet.<br /><br />I hope the movie does well for everyone involved. The special effects will have everyone running to see it. After the first two weeks of release we'll see how well it does. If you're like me, a person who had never even heard of the Watchmen before, read the book and post what you think.<br /><br />Not bad but not \\"incredible\\" either.
B0000025KI|5.0|Bruce's first top 10 hit was the song \\"Hungry Heart\\" the 2nd single was Fade Away, that only made it to no.20. There are a lot good tracks on here. Ramrod, I'm A Rocker, Out in the Street, Cadillac Ranch.[You can look,but better not touch] and Crush On You are rockin out tunes. Fade Away, I Wanna Mary You and Point Blank are slower songs on it. The Ties That Bind was origanlly supposed to be the lead single off The River. The title track \\"The River\\" was never released as a single in the U.S.A, but in got a lot of radio time on the rock charts. There are just different forms of rock on this record, it it a must have for any true ROCK fan
B000VWYJ8G|5.0|Great movie!  You must watch the other two.  He is such a wonderful actor. The movie is action packed and suspenseful.
0380725398|4.0|I saw the dreadful movie based on this book when I was MUCH younger & found it confusing and dull (one of those in which flipping of long hair is supposed to translate as good acting).  After reading Rebecca about five hundred times, I decided to give this book a try.  After all, how many movies are better than the book (ummmmmm, thinking hard, none!). This book turned out to be a fun, gothic novel.  Problems:  too fast paced, heroine does some pretty stupid things, ending is kind of unbelievable, bad guy is a little easy to spot.  Good points:  story keeps moving along & doesn't bog down, scenes and descriptions are wonderfully done, characters are three-dimensional, ending of the story is what you'd hope would happen, hero sounds like a major hottie.  It made for a good read, especially when I made allowance for the period in which it was written.  I especially liked how the author gave you a glimpse into the brains of the bad guys and you got a slight taste of what they might have been like if they hadn't been trapped in their situation. It would be especially good to read on a stormy night when you're alone in the house!
0618918248|1.0|I can accept this books implicit dogma if I could accept (with the same breathe) that naturalism was the only correct way of explaining reality.  The fact of the matter is simply this- it isn't.  In fact, it's in a minority.  Granted, this fact gives no bearing on the truth of the matter, but may still dictate offense at Dawkins' title.  Whether or not I'm religious doesn't really matter here, what does matter is the strong-arm maneuver being employed, namely, that reality must be understood through the guise of naturalism in order to bear any credence.  To quote Dwight Schrute from NBC's The Office, \\"I know about a billion Asians who would beg to differ.\\"    Let me put this matter straight.  What we need to look at is paradigm, or specifically, your interpretation of reality.  Each viewpoint must be given far playing ground at the onset, and then assessed based on how reality presents itself.  Granted, this is going to weed some paradigms out rather quickly, but it will also help avoid intraparadigmatic assessments of opposing viewpoints.  For example, an atheist may claim that a Christian can make God disappear by simply ceasing to believe in Him, but to a Christian, this is utter foolishness, based on the fact that their belief does not dictate His existence.  To dismiss God on the basis of strict naturalism is admissible, but ultimately, a very narrow approach.  If Dawkins would have taken a more philosophical approach to his work, he may have realized that an investigation into the pros and cons of each worldview (as assessed on the basis of interparadigmatic truth) would have been much more helpful.    I gave this book one star because, based on the above assessment, it proved very bias.  Granted, Dawkins makes some well articulated points, but not enough to overshadow intraparadigmatic ignorance.
B001CD6FKI|4.0|I was worried that this movie would end up being very lame and corny, but after seeing the trailor and the cast, along with finding out that the guys behind the Matrix movie were doing it, i got excited.<br /><br />I liked the speed racer cartoon, and i thought this would be cool if they did it right. And i think they did a real good job.<br /><br />Theres a little bit of corny childish humor with the kid and the monkey, but its not that bad, becouse those characters are more geared towards kids, and thats ok.<br /><br />The racing scenes are pretty crazy, and the special effects are really colorful and well done.<br />I havent been as excited watching a movie in the theater in a long time. I mean, ive seen some good movies recently in the theater, but i havent had this much fun in one since Star Wars Episode 1 came out.<br /><br />It made me laugh and even cry. Believe it or not.<br />I think this movie does the old anime show justice and was worth seeing. And i liked the length of it too. Its over 2 hours long and i didnt mind it cuz i didnt really want it to end.<br /><br />The action is good, from crazy racing to battling ninjas and gangster thugs.<br /><br />The last race was pretty awesome. Lots of eye candy, and you feel like your in the driver seat sometimes. I must say that seeing this on the big screen was amazing. I felt like i was in the middle of that world. And the final moments of the final race left me teary eyed.<br />I know... i dont know how it had such an effect as that on me.<br /><br />I think it will be one of my favorite movies ever to watch. Its so much fun. It truly did make me feel like a kid again, with hopes and dreams, someone who believed. I cant explain it.
B0019MU6HU|5.0|This book is amazing.  It is both tragic and funny.  The stories are non stop and really show how messed up ones life can get when hooked on junk. I highly recommend it.
0307269191|3.0|Murakami, 58, authored 15+ novels, many highly acclaimed.  He has received many literary awards and honorary doctorates.  I have read and thoroughly enjoyed most of his best selling works (including my favorites: Kafka on the Shore, Norwegian Wood and A Wild Sheep Chase).  In reading this book, I had come to learn that Murakami had completed 25+ marathons, 1 ultra marathon (60+miles) and 5+ triathlons - this is a truly extraordinary accomplishment.      Murakami is humble, candid and straightforward exposing his mistakes, flaws and shortcomings - - one passage:  \\"But this wretched story of feeling I had as I stood in front of the mirror at sixteen, listing all of my physical shortcomings, is still sort of touchstone for me even now.  The sad spreadsheet of my life reveals how my debts outweigh my assets.\\"    You get into his mind and his incredible determination to complete marathons and triathlons - feeling the sun baking his skin and the water filling his lungs - yet he keeps his feet and arms moving despite his mind and body telling him to stop.    You also learn about the impact that advancing middle age has on his performance times and that they are no longer improving despite a rigorous training regimen - \\"even if, seen from the outside, or from some higher vantage point, this sort of life looks pointless or futile, or even extremely efficient, it doesn't bother me.  Maybe it's a pointless act like as I've said before, pouring water into an old pan that has a hole in the bottom, but at least the effort you put into it remains.  Whether it's good for anything or not, cool or totally uncool, in the final analysis what's most important is what you can't see but can feel in your heart.\\"     The book is described by Murakami as a collection of essays he wrote between 2005 and 2007 and then pieced together and edited for this book.  I felt that the book often read like a loosely edited diary - - in contrast to his visually beautiful, smooth, multi-layered, dreamy fictional works.  While I found flashes of the profile of his prior novels in a few passages, I found this book to be choppy and informal in comparison.    Early on in the book, Murakami discusses his strategy in running a Jazz bar in Tokyo - he wasn't out \\"to please everybody\\" - \\"it didn't matter if 9 out of 10\\" didn't like his bar but that \\"if one in ten was a repeat customer\\" his business would survive.  My sense is that this book will narrowly appeal to the \\"one in ten repeaters\\" of devoted Murakami's fans (me being one of them) - - readers who wish to learn more about his life, his experiences, what makes him \\"tick\\" - and more specifically, the role that running, biking, swimming and training for marathons and triathlons had on his writing and his life.
B0011U8NZ2|3.0|I've heard a couple of officially-released live Doors performances that are pretty good: the two unedited performances The Doors live in Detroit and The Doors live in Philadelphia. The new set recorded in Pittsburgh is not on par with the others.  The sound quality is fine but (and I think you'll notice this in even the first song), Jim seems to be on autopilot.  He is doing everything right, but just not expending any more energy than he has to.  The band seems to mirror his lack of energy.  I'll be honest and say I didn't finish listening to the show.  After the first few numbers I was worn out.<br /><br />For those of you looking for better live Doors shows:<br /><br />1. The Detroit show was, I believe, the longest show they ever played.  They seem to be enjoying themselves and the energy is good throughout.<br /><br />2. The show in Philadelphia has a couple of unusual selections, pretty good energy, and the way \\"Wake Up\\" leads into \\"Light My Fire\\" makes it one of my favorite Doors moments ever.
031606792X|5.0|Okay No matter what people say this book has the cleanest \\"love life\\" Ever...Its your own mind that is Dirty.  THis book doesn't even go into detail about what happens.  THEY ARE MARRIED....Its okay when your married to have a love life.  There is nothing wrong with that.<br />  As far as the Baby goes...I think it was a great way to tie the books together.  Everyone felt so bad for Jacob at the end of New moon and Eclipse....Now he has someone....He imprinted which is a good thing.  Bella always said she loved Jacob but not in the way he wanted her to.  Now she can love him as a Son in law.  It was ment to be...Jacob was ment to be in Bella's life and him imprinting on Renessme was perfect.<br />  I loved the Book.  I Loved the Series.  It was Awesome way to end it.
0385338724|5.0|I LOVED this book! I read it in 3 days! I liked the Shopaholic series alright, but mostly found them frustrating and a bit redundant, so I was skeptical when I borrowed this book... but was happily surprised! This is the best book I've read in a while, and I was instantly hooked! I didn't want the book to end! Great fast, easy, captivating read!
B001AJVR5M|4.0|I'll be the first to tell you I hate schmaltzy pop music.  As a pre-teen/teen, I'll admit I had a boy-band phase (N*Sync, Backstreet Boys), but it didn't last long. Since then, I have denounced a majority of music by younger artists (cruel I know), because I've felt it lacks true staying power in the industry.  When a band like the Jonas Brothers comes along and plays like a new Hanson, I have to play against it.  Honestly, it isn't that hard.  The band is a squeaky clean Christian outfit (thought they don't perform Christian music) with looks making all tween girls swoon.  They are the perfect package for Disney. No way could Disney have went wrong with this group.  However, with songs like \\"S.O.S.\\" or \\"Year 3000\\", I can't say that I, being in my twenty-one years of age was impressed.  Sure, I didn't expect a 15, 17, and 20 year old to talk about \\"booty\\" or about casual sex, but still, \\"Year 3000\\"?  When the brothers released single \\"When You Look Me In The Eyes\\", I did look up a bit, considering it was reminiscent of Aerosmith's turn on \\"Don't Wanna Miss A Thing\\".  Still, that wasn't enough.<br />\\"Burnin' Up\\" came on the radio, and at first, I was ready to write it off as more \\"schmaltz\\" from the \\"schmalziest\\" teen act of them all.  However, after The Jonas Brothers landed The Rolling Stone cover and a couple of high profile 4-star reviews, I decided to purchase and objectively listen to A LITTLE BIT LONGER.  Sure, there is still some \\"schmaltz\\", but honestly, this album is strong, on all cylinders.<br /><br />The Jonases are able to maintain their squeaky clean image, though there is evidence of maturation on the tunes featured on  A LITTLE BIT LONGER, that hasn't graced previous tunes.  Sure \\"Video Girl\\" is a bit \\"schmaltzy\\", even that song has an element of \\"reality\\" to it that didn't exist before.  The album opens with \\"BB Good\\",  a tongue -in-cheek track that should sound extremely corny, but sounds 100% authentic.  No it's not the second coming by any means, but it does sound \\"relevant\\" and worthwhile.  Maybe it's one of those really corny songs that is so corny that it is enjoyable.  I don't know but \\"I likes\\".  Track number two, \\"Burnin' Up\\" annoyed the [bleep] out of me for the longest time, but as I continued to listen and stopped being a subjective listener, I realized that the Jonas Brothers were brilliant.  Not only for the fact that \\"Burnin' Up\\" was a strong track, but by the way the band promotes their music.  Not only are the Jonases taking over \\"the world\\", they know exactly how to market themselves.  \\"Burnin' Up\\" was the right first single and has tore up the radio airwaves.  Why?  It's incredibly catchy, sort of cheesy, incredibly innocent, and the type of pop that you can't escape.  Another homerun for Kevin, Joe, and Nick.<br /><br />\\"Shelf\\" isn't quite as strong as \\"BB Good\\" or \\"Burnin' Up\\", but it is consistent and yet another enjoyable listen from the pop wanderkids.  \\"One Man Show\\" nearly \\"steals the show\\" from A LITTLE BIT LONGER's signature track \\"Burnin' Up\\".  The guitars here are sick and the overall production and songwriting is exceptional.  Another factor that should be praised about the brothers is that they know how to make songs short and to the point - so many times today, songs go on for way too long.  As a songwriter myself, sometimes I tend to be longwinded;  the brothers have the right idea.<br /><br />\\"Lovebug\\" finds the Brothers on top once again in one of the best of A LITTLE BIT LONGER.  \\"Tonight\\" continues a streak of consistency, as does \\" Can't Have You\\" and \\"Video Girl\\".  \\"Video Girl\\" was a bit cheesy for me when I heard it the first time, but it grew on me.  Aside from the lyrics themselves, the production and music for \\"Video Girl\\" is unobjectionable in every way.  Forget the lyrics, The Jonas Brothers have fantastic musical taste.  From what I've heard, fans can think Nick for the bulk of the songwriting.  Way to \\"take the lead\\" Nick.<br /><br />\\"Pushin' Me Away\\" isn't my favorite, but it is satisfying.  \\"Sorry\\" picks up lost momentum and shows how well the Brothers pull off balladry (think \\"When You Look Me In The Eyes\\").  \\"Got Me Going Crazy\\" has a certain dance quality to it, perhaps it's the beat.  It is catchy as anything else on  A LITTLE BIT LONGER.  Finale track \\"A Little Bit Longer\\" isn't monumental, but it is solid by all means, which makes for an album that is consistent throughout it's entire 40 minute duration.<br /><br />This album isn't flawless, though it is an album that deserves much more praise than criticism.  The production is great, and even the adolescent vocals of Nick and Joe are incredibly strong throughout the album (though they do sometimes wear on me).  The smartest thing about the brothers is the way they promote and present themselves.  They seem so innocent, and while innocence doesn't sell well like it used to, it has worked incredibly well for the platinum brothers.  I mean, how many bands with members that are evangelical Christians do well, not to mention teen bands who where purity rings?  Hollywood records has a commercial, yet talented-commercial monster on their hands with the Jonas Brothers. Kudos. 4 stars for marketing/packaging, if for nothing else.g.  \\"Sorry\\" picks up lost momentum and shows how well the Brothers pull off balladry (think \\"When You Look Me In The Eyes\\").  \\"Got Me Going Crazy\\" has a certain dance quality to it, perhaps it's the beat.  It is catchy as anything else on  A LITTLE BIT LONGER.  Finale track \\"A Little Bit Longer\\" isn't monumental, but it is solid by all means, which makes for an album that is consistent throughout it's entire 40 minute duration.    This album isn't flawless, though it is an album that deserves much more praise than criticism.  The production is great, and even the adolescent vocals of Nick and Joe are incredibly strong throughout the album (though they do sometimes wear on me).  The smartest thing about the brothers is the way they promote and present themselves.  They seem so innocent, and while innocence doesn't sell well like it used to, it has worked incredibly well for the platinum brothers.  I mean, how many bands with members that are evangelical Christians do well, not to mention teen bands who where purity rings?  Hollywood records has a commercial, yet talented-commercial monster on their hands with the Jonas Brothers. Kudos. 4 stars for marketing/packaging, if for nothing else.
0446679089|5.0|Unintentionally, I always seem to read novels out of their proper sequence.  PLUM ISLAND lays out the character development for NIGHT FALL, WILD FIRE and THE LION'S GAME (my favorite).  Unlike other authors, DeMille does a good job of composing a series of novels that can be coherently read out of sequence.<br /><br />DeMille lays out the chauvinistic but likable character John Corey.  In the preface, DeMille notes that feminist readers like the Corey character despite his overt chauvinism.  The women in these novels are brighter than and as adventurous as Corey.  He treats them as equals; so he is redeemed - somehow.<br /><br />Unlike his later novels, within PLUM ISLAND, DeMille doesn't let the reader know the thoughts of the main characters.  In this novel, the strategy works.  There are 4 paths the storyline could follow.  Since the reader is not invited into the mind of Corey, a great deal of suspends is injected.  On the other hand, once the reader learns Corey's hypothesis, PLUM ISLAND becomes anticlimactic.  However, the story peaks once again during the chase.  The reader will immediately realize that DeMille has no qualms of killing off leading characters - even smart, attractive, girl friends can be killed.  If she survives, the reader will not know until chapter 37 (second to last chapter).<br /><br />DeMille is well-known for his one-lines.  My favorite comes from PLUM ISLAND on page 1.  John Corey notes, \\"In occurred to me that the problem of doing nothing is not knowing when you're finished.\\"
1401216676|4.0|In this short reworking of the Batman-Joker story, Alan Moore applies his trademark twisted perspective to reimage the conflict between the Joker and Batman. The Joker has escaped from the mental institution and Batman is not only interested in putting back behind bars, but in piercing the mystery of their ages old conflict. Why do they hate each other? Are they destined to kill each other? Is there a way out? Moore spins a brutal and action-packed tale that gathers in many threads of the Batman myth. But beneath the gunplay and against-the-moon brooding is a psychological drama. The Joker's own back story is provided. His criminal mind is obsessed with explaining his own \\"insanity\\" and comes surprisingly close to guessing that Batman is driven by a fairly similar story. How the characters resolve this issue id the real point of the story<br /><br />Too short, but great reading and brilliant storytelling.
B0013BNY2Q|4.0|crap sound notwithstanding, this album is not only a return to form, but it rocks!  and theres not one song to skip in the bunch.  a top album from beginning to end.  the band can't let an album go by without some political whining.  surprised will they be that hurricanes will hit during the mccain administration too.  but it's not overbearing.  the album flies by so quick, you don't realize how good it is until you realize you've spun it a few times in a row.    my top three:  living well is the best revenge, until the day is done, hollow man.      too bad the lyrics aren't included.  welcome back r.e.m.    we missed you.
B00005MP58|5.0|While this is quite a bit longer than any movie (for it is a television mini-series), it was done so well! Plus, any British television lovers would find this very agreeable.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|This film looks so great! Really an amazing, first-rate achievement  here.<br /><br />The robots had a bit much personality, really. I mean, on the one hand, whatever. \\"It's a movie\\" as they always say. But if we're going to think about the movie.. (Unlike the lady that sat behind me who I must confess I would be shocked to hear any observations from other than the roach was gross and WAll-E was cute and funny..) I mean I just casually wondered why a trash compactor would have so much emotion programmed into it. So longing and needy, and so, so alone, the poor thing. I started to really feel for Wall-E. Ahh, well THAT'S why. And because it's a movie, right? Maybe he is like that Short Circut? Perhaps somehow he evolved during the several hundred years he beaverd away at all that garbage. Anyway, it is a story and if your going to have a story about robots falling in love it would be weird if neither had any personality. Lol. Ya know, some people are like that...But if you want compelling romance you need personalities and chemistry.<br /><br />Pixar is fantastic. Man, at this point I'll say those guys are commited to doing art. You know when you watch a Pixar film that vision and imagination have been fully realized. Not compromised one bit! That's the key.<br /><br />Anyway, really dug the film. Consider it a new classic. A friend I saw it with said, \\"That's the sweetest movie I've ever seen\\" and meant it. He meant \\"sweet\\" as in touching and you now what? It is a sweet story.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|I wasn't sure what to expect with this CD. & it completely blew my mind, in a good way. Not only are they so hott, but they can really sing. But I must admit that I liked them better when they were kinda underground. My favorite song off of this new album is definately lovebug. I think the boys are doing a great job. <3  --sulayyy (:
031606792X|4.0|I know that a lot of people say they hated this book. They claim that it wasn't like the rest of the series, the plot twist was stupid, blah blah blah.     I, personally, enjoyed this book. I was surprised by the main two plot twists. I enjoyed the change in point of view. I enjoyed how Bella and Edward changed, and viewing Edward's vulnerability and Bella's strength (an odd reversal of the usual) through Jacob's eyes.     The Volturi involvement was intriguing, although I do still wish         ****SPOILERS!!!!****            that there had been a fight between the Cullens, their witnesses, and the Volturi.            ****END SPOILERS****      This book is moving. The characters face challenges such as they never have before. Indeed, they face their most difficult, heartbreaking, emotional, life-rending challenges, in my opinion. Stephenie Meyer puts this book past teen angst and teen romance by making this book about deeper issues. This book is about self, and being able to jump over life's hurdles, and being true to your heart and standing up for what you think is right. I believe that though on the surface this book may seem shallow, one can look deeper and see deeper issues.     Some just don't want to.     A lot of fans disagree with my opinion, but that's okay. I am giving Stephenie Meyer two thumbs up. Breaking Dawn rocks!    I only give it 4 stars instead of 5 because i don't find BD as compelling as its predecessors. Furthermore, so much happens, that there is not as much room for character focus (which is significant, seeing as the other books are heavy on character-focus and character emotions).     Overall, I really enjoyed this book, especially the second half. It was a good end to the Twilight Saga.
031606792X|1.0|SMeyer has taken the story she created, and turned it on its head. She has stated that she put her foot down on this one, and she ended the saga the way she knew it was going to be from the beginning.  That's fine, but when you take something that is three books in, why change the winning combination in what is supposed to be the final book? If she gave up some control in the first three books and she stuck to her guns on this one, I say we find out who helped her in the first three and beg them to rewrite this one.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|What an awesome movie. The seller was awesome and took care of the problem right away.
B0012GMWCA|4.0|Lucky Town is the most Springsteenian of the two CDs released in 1992. Sonically, Human Touch is a direct descendant of the Born in the USA sessions with a focus on love more than any previous CD. Normally, listeners get the 'falling in love' CD and then the heartbreak CD. Look at the last two Sheryl Crow CDs for a taste of that. Not so Springsteen. Tunnel of Love was the cheating record, questioning his feelings and the efficacy of love itself. Then, Bruce falls in love, deeper than before, and writes a collection of songs about it. That's the bulk of Human Touch.    But Lucky Town shows the old Bruce reemerging, the disillusioned one, the one who doesn't want to believe in love--because the world is just too damn hard--but does so anyway. \\"Better Days,\\" one of the two singles released in 1992 (\\"Human Touch\\" was the other) kicks off the CD with a rim shot and power chord you could put down in the rock-and-roll Bible, if there was one. What makes Springsteen unique when it comes to love songs is the types of couplets he chooses. This ain't some 70s-era flowery, string-laden love song. This is the real world, and the real world brings with it bumps and bruises as well as the redemptive power of love. Witness the first verse (and there's a lot there):        Well my soul checked out missing as I sat listening      To the hours and minutes tickin' away      Yeah, just sittin' around waitin' for my life to begin      While it was all just slippin' away.      I'm tired of waitin' for tomorrow to come      Or that train to come roarin' 'round the bend      I got a new suit of clothes a pretty red rose      And a woman I can call my friend    Who among us can't admit that there have been times when we've thought life was moving along underneath us while we're sitting still? I don't see any hands. But does Bruce mope? No. He gets his new skin (\\"suit of clothes\\"), a new lease on life (\\"pretty red rose\\"), and a friend with which to walk down the road of life. He takes controlof his life, sloppy though it may be, but tells us all that he couldn't have done it without his wife.    It is this kind of sentiment that resonates throughout the music and words of Lucky Town. When it comes down to it, we are each responsible for ourselves. We can't blame anyone or anything for our choices because we all have choices to make. Some are good, some bad, but we have to live with the consequences. Four tracks later, the song \\"Leap of Faith\\" bursts out with a riff on the same theme. At first, Bruce sings \\"Oh heartbreak and despair got nothing but boring/So I grabbed you baby like a wild pitch\\" and then breaks into the chorus: \\"It takes a leap of faith to get things going/It takes a leap of faith you gotta show some guts/It takes a leap of faith to get things going/In your heart you must trust.\\" Springsteen leaped...and landed on solid ground. And he brings with him the stories from both sides.    This isn't to say that there aren't challenges to overcome or a few you can't. Springsteen laments gang violence in his adopted hometown of LA in \\"Souls of the Departed.\\" In fact, his response (\\"Tonight as I tuck my own son in bed/All I can think of is what if it would've been him instead/I want to build me a wall so high nothing can burn it down/Right here on my own piece of dirty ground\\") garnered some ire back in 1992. Sure, Bruce is rich enough to build those walls. How about the rest of us?    The highlight of CD is his most personal song, \\"Living Proof.\\" And it's one of the greatest examples of Bruce adopting Gospel-tinged lyrics in his music. He talks about prayer, life, God, and everything else. His incorporation of religious-themed lyrics proved essential when he wrote 2002's \\"The Rising\\" in response to the terrorist attacks of September 11. But they work well here, too. After his leap, after finding the right woman, he was still unsure. Like he sings, \\"In a world so hard and dirty so fouled and confused,\\" he was \\"Searching for a little bit of God'smercy.\\" He was searching for living proof. What was Bruce's problem? The same that many of us can related to, I expect.        I put my heart and soul I put 'em high upon a shelf      Right next to the faith the faith that I'd lost in myself      I went down into the desert city/Just tryin' so hard to shed my skin      I crawled deep into some kind of darkness      Lookin' to burn out every trace of who I'd been      You do some sad sad things baby/When it's your you 're tryin' to lose      You do some sad and hurtful things/I've seen living proof    What's the answer? Get up. Stand up, with the help of a friend, if you need it. But someone (or some way) to do this:        You shot through my anger and rage      To show me my prison was just an open cage      There were no keys no guards      Just one frightened man and some old shadows for bars    Brilliant. And the live version (which you can find on his 1992 CD \\"MTV Unplugged: In Concert\\"--highly recommended for all versions of his new 1992 songs) blows your speakers out with its power.    What do you get after all of this suffering and self-awareness? The mountaintop. Having just come through the valley of darkness, through all the tribulations of his life since his career began, Springsteen tells of his \\"beautiful reward.\\" His character is searching for his beautiful reward but Springsteen has found his: a loving wife, children, a house, and a good job. It don't get much better than that.    Lucky Town may not the best Bruce Springsteen CD out there, but it is worthy to stand alongside the great ones. Give it another listen or listen for the first time. And think about your own life. I'll bet you that at least one song from this collection will resonate with you. Find that song and add it to you Life's Playlist. You won't be disappointed. (excerpted from [...]
B0019EXZY4|4.0|Once again, Jason Statham delivers another great action-oriented film. If you liked Lock, Stock, and two smoking barrels, then you will definitely like this movie. Heavy with english accents and wit, this movie delivers with an very interesting plot that also has some political ramifications. Just as we depend on modern technology to safeguard valuables, criminals depend on innovative methods to outwit them.
B00000JBFW|5.0|In the fall of 1984, the unthinkable happened in which Deep Purple's greatest lineup reformed and reintroduced themselves to a younger metal audience who knew them only from the fact that their current rock heroes praised such landmark recordings as `In Rock', `Machine Head' and `Made in Japan' from this once and future mighty band. `Perfect Strangers' seemed like a once in a lifetime, happy accident and is it would soon pan out, the band would never again harness their volatile chemistry to make classic rock. Blackmore and Gillan could only stand each other for so long.  `Strangers' was a great record because it sprouted its own share of classics that could stand beside the ones from the early `70s. The title track is so creepily moody it immediately raises goose bumps and the hilarious and masterful masterpiece \\"Knocking at Your Back Door\\" opens the album brilliantly. My other faves include \\"Nobody's Home\\" and \\"Gypsy Kiss\\" (I love the bridge section with Paice and Blackmore pounding along). Ritchie seems revitalized here as his playing was the best it had been since `Rising'! The rest of the band, refugees from Rainbow, Black Sabbath and Whitesnake, were now right where they belonged and never sounded tighter. `Perfect Strangers' set a standard that was unfortunately not to be duplicated and band seemed tired by the time a follow-up was released three long years later, but the cracks were already reappearing...
B00168ML1G|2.0|Iron Man started off OK.  But when Tony Stark makes his escape from the terrorists it begins to go downhill.  Sure it had it's funny moments as Stark builds his second Iron Man suit as well as one good action sequence once the suit was completed.  Jeff Bridges, Terrence Howard and Gwyneth Paltrow were completely wasted.  Terrence Howard's character could have been written out of the script without affecting what little story this movie had.  The Jeff Bridges character is what Mike Myers mocked as Dr. Evil in the Austin Powers movies, all that was missing was a cat to rub.
0446402389|4.0|Set during 1950s Soviet Russia, Child 44 grimly depicts the reality faced by Russian citizens under the rule of Stalin. I was sometimes disturbed by the scenes, but appreciate the research and historical accuracy Smith integrates into his narrative. I felt I was granted an insider's view of this time in Russia's history and the struggles of its people.    Tom Rob Smith has created a wonderful first novel. His ability to weave seemingly disparate elements into a cohesive narrative is impressive. I kept reading simply because I wanted to know how it was all going to come together. I would recommend this to any mystery fan. Of all the recent books of this genre I have read, this is by far the best.
031606792X|5.0|I finally finished reading Breaking Dawn and while I was both surprised and nervous in the beginning with the direction it was taking I truly enjoyed the book. I do not understand why so many people are angry that everything worked out at the end. Would you have liked for everyone to have died would that have been the wonderful ending you were looking for? I think I would have been more angry with that type of ending than the one that we were given. Yes the baby storyline was very risky but I think it worked itself out in the end. I was always team Edward but I am even happy that Jake had a happy ending too. What everyone has to keep in mind is that this was a love story above all not an epic bloody battle. I think this was a pleasant end to a wonderful series and hopefully Mrs. Meyer will choose to continue it in the near future.
B000XTE9TG|5.0|Death Of A Ladies' Man is a work of tortured intensity expressed in striking songs so it will sound abrasive to some, especially those who prefer his spare style of the 1960s & later works like [[ASIN:B0012GMX3S Recent Songs]]. As for the complaints about Phil Spector's production, the sound is not that far removed from songs like Is This What You Wanted? and Lover Lover Lover on 1974's [[ASIN:B0012GMZKE New Skin for the Old Ceremony]] that are characterized by raw vocals & heavy rock instrumentation.<br /><br />Even earlier, on 1971's [[ASIN:B000NOKA1W Songs of Love and Hate]] the track Diamonds in the Mine was anything but gentle. Why, even his 1967 debut [[ASIN:B000NOKA0S Songs of Leonard Cohen]] contains the anguished One Us Cannot Be Wrong which addresses the lover in a sequence of strange images before moving on to melodic whistling and exiting with bitter shouted la la lahs.<br /><br />So there definitely was a precedent for this heavy approach. His own dislike of the album - he completely ignored it in compiling [[ASIN:B00006NSH8 The Essential Leonard Cohen]] - probably has more to do with unpleasant recollections of the recording process, which reportedly was quite stressful, than with the actual music. There is simply nothing wrong with the melodies or the lyrics whilst the arrangements and the vocals are a matter of taste.<br /><br />On tracks like the plodding drum-dominated Iodine, the highly strung Memories with its soaring vocal sections and raucous sax & the thunderously pounding Don't Go Home his voice strains a bit against Spector's production, aptly reflecting the sentiment of the songs. On the other hand the melodiously twirling True Love Leaves No Traces has exquisite imagery and soulful female vocals by Renee Blackley who contributes same on Iodine and Memories.<br /><br />The lyrics are sheer poetry, whether uplifting as in \\"True loves leaves no traces/If you and I are one/It's lost in our embraces/Like stars against the sun\\" or bitter and acerbic as in the twisted Paper-Thin Hotel: \\"It's written on the walls of this hotel/You go to heaven once you've been to hell/A heavy burden lifted from my soul/I heard that love was out of my control.\\" The harshest element in Iodine is the theme, not the drums or the overall sound which is rendered highly atmospheric by the other-worldly backing vocals.<br /><br />In addition to True Love Leaves No Traces, other immediately appealing songs include the sensual and elegantly arranged I Left A Woman Waiting where Leonard's voice hovers between speaking and singing. The fiddle feast Fingerprints, buoyant with a lilting, propulsive beat must be one of the most catchy country songs of all time. The track The Captain on the 1984 album [[ASIN:B000002AZX Various Positions]] was the closest Cohen came to country again.<br /><br />Bob Dylan and [[ASIN:0811803724 Alan Ginsberg]] are amongst the backing vocalists on Don't Go Home With Your Hardhat, a stampede of driving rhythms, shuddering percussion, powerful piano rolls and shouted vocals. The wrath & the fury are quite deceptive as the absurd lyrics will reveal if you can hear them. By adding bombast, Meat Loaf could turn this into a hit bigger than Bat out of Hell. It was a brilliant idea to put the aforementioned Fingerprints in this strategic position between the onslaught of Don't Go Home and the solemn, sprawling dirge that follows.<br /><br />Gravitas at its gravest, the weighty title track Death of a Ladies' Man has a majestic arrangement with waves of multi-layered doom-laden vocals in crescendos allowing at the ebbs a single female voice to momentarily caress Cohen's. The wall of instrumental sound acts likewise, so when waning a single instrument or hypnotic instrumental pattern comes fleetingly to the fore. With its overall drone-like ambience it is as oppressive in its atmospherics as Lou Reed's The Bells on [[ASIN:B000002VL2 Street Hassle]] or Nico's Das Lied der Deutschen on her album The End. It also brings to mind the work of Swans like 1995's [[ASIN:B000060OHW The Great Annihilator]].<br /><br />The sleeve notes credit \\"Spector & Cohen\\" as composers of all songs with no further information on lyrics or music. Spector was responsible for all vocal arrangements and for rhythm arrangements on six tracks. The two exceptions are I Left A Woman Waiting & Iodine where Nino Tempo takes the credit. Phil definitely set out to recreate his famous wall of sound with seventeen backing vocalists and an arsenal of instruments that includes guitars, drums, keyboards, synth, bass, percussion, fiddle, sax, flute, trombone, trumpet, organ and vibes.<br /><br />Proof of the quality of these compositions can be found on the excellent tribute album [[ASIN:B000002ISX I'm Your Fan]] where True Love Leaves No Traces is given a breezy 1970s pop treatment by Dead Famous People & Don't Go Home With Your Hardhat is covered well enough by David McComb & Adam Peters. I loved Death of a Ladies' Man when it was released in 1978 and I appreciate it even more now. Like all of us, Cohen is allowed to shout sometimes. If he doesn't like the production, nothing stops him from re-recording some of these songs.ind the work of Swans like 1995's [[ASIN:B000060OHW The Great Annihilator]].<br /><br />The sleeve notes credit \\"Spector & Cohen\\" as composers of all songs with no further information on lyrics or music. Spector was responsible for all vocal arrangements and for rhythm arrangements on six tracks. The two exceptions are I Left A Woman Waiting & Iodine where Nino Tempo takes the credit. Phil definitely set out to recreate his famous wall of sound with seventeen backing vocalists and an arsenal of instruments that includes guitars, drums, keyboards, synth, bass, percussion, fiddle, sax, flute, trombone, trumpet, organ and vibes.<br /><br />Proof of the quality of these compositions can be found on the excellent tribute album [[ASIN:B000002ISX I'm Your Fan]] where True Love Leaves No Traces is given a breezy 1970s pop treatment by Dead Famous People & Don't Go Home With Your Hardhat is covered well enough by David McComb & Adam Peters. I loved Death of a Ladies' Man when it was released in 1978 and I appreciate it even more now. Like all of us, Cohen is allowed to shout sometimes. If he doesn't like the production, nothing stops him from re-recording some of these songs.
B000002A3T|4.0|When I picked this album up upon its release in 1994, I had not purchased a new Pink Floyd album since the time of The Final Cut.  I was very pleasantly surprised with The Division Bell however, and the synthetic 1980s tone colors/textures that popped up here and there on the Momentary Lapse of Reason album (1987) were nowhere to be found.  Indeed, although very modern sounding, references to their most popular albums released during the 1973-1979 timeframe are scattered across The Division Bell, along with fine songwriting and playing.<br /><br />The instrumentation is classic Floyd and bits of analog sounding synthesizers and Hammond organ, along with acoustic and clean sounding electric guitars dominate the soundscape.  I also noted that Dave (his playing is very tasteful throughout) uses what sounds like a guitar synthesizer of sorts, which yields an unnaturally high pitched guitar tone.  It is pretty cool sounding.  Dave's voice is in excellent condition and has changed very little since the time of Pink Floyd's \\"golden age\\".  Rick Wright also makes a brief appearance on vocals too. My favorite tracks include the atmospheric instrumental pieces, although the vocal tracks are also very good.<br /><br />This is a deeply personal album, with Gilmour taking on topics of his (at the time) recently failed marriage, the strained relationship with former member (bassist/vocalist/lyricist) Roger Waters, and the (late) Syd Barrett.  The lyrics are pretty good; most of which were written by Dave and his girlfriend.<br /><br />Overall, while very polished and modern sounding, this is a surprisingly fine return to form and should appeal to most fans of the older material.
B000RW3VD4|4.0|the movie shows them the situations and the financial world of a stock broker (Charlie Sheen) and its manager Gekko (Douglas)
B0014YPEI4|5.0|How cool can you get?!  I am such a fan of the Papo dinosaurs, I can't even begin to say.  I have nothing but praise for these remarkable dino reproductions!!  The 2008 addition to the Papo dino line is this very cool Allosaurus - who looks like he's sneaking up on a tasty treat of some kind...great, vicious pose.  The '08 Allosaurus is Papo's first dinosaur that isn't based directly on the dino designs from the Jurassic Park movies, and it's really a fantastic rendering.  I love the spikes along the spine, and the rough skin and neat coloring.  I hope they have a new addition for their line each year - this Allosaurus is just wicked!  You cannot go wrong with the Papo dinos.  There are no better dinosaur toys available.  Papos are quite simply the very best, hands down!!
0743298039|5.0|I can't think of any book I enjoyed more than the mysterious \\"The Thirteenth Tale.\\" Beautifully written- I read the whole thing in a day! If you love the classics \\"Wuthering Heights\\" and \\"Jane Eyre\\"  you will be spellbound by this book.  I have passed it on to several people and enjoy the lively debate  regarding the possibilities of what actually happened, and what the major themes are in the book.  AMAZING buy it and enjoy it.
B000F1IQN2|3.0|The subject is so heavy and Speilberg does nothing to make it lighter. Did this really happen this way? Evidently, reality was pretty close, though we don't know for sure because the Israeli hit squad has never been acknowledged, has it? A docudrama about an episode that's still hard to believe happened so many years ago.
B000PC6Z48|5.0|this dvd is hard to find and this person has it in excellent condition, very very satisfied
B000WTNDTY|5.0|I should say first of all that I enjoy Led Zeppelin's music but I am not an ardent fan. I first purchased this album back in the late 70's as I am a fan of live albums, at the time I probably only listened to it once or twice and put it away never to be played again. Over the years I have gained an appreciation for excellent musicians and these 4 definately fall into that class.<br /><br />When I saw this title was going to be remastered and include 6 new songs, I picked up a copy and I must say I was glad I did. The sound on this new version is outstanding and the attention to detail that Page and Shirley did remastering this album is worth every penny. Now I know there are purists out there who claim this to be an abomination as it compilies performances from 3 shows played at the Garden, but I say who cares the sound and quality more than make up for that. Frankly if no one had told me some of these performances were spliced together I would never have known or cared. Everything you need is right there in this mix, the guitar sizzles, the bass and drums are rhythmic and Plants voice is right up front. The 6 new songs included here really round this out to be a terrific album. This is what a remastered album should be. I definately will not play this new album only once.
031606792X|5.0|For the argument of a more realtiy driven book I have one thing to say: If your looking for more reality based books....don't go looking for it in an YA FICTION (not to mention vampire) books.    I honestly am a little ruffled with the fact that people are upset that the series ended in an unrealistic manner. Some people use these books to ESCAPE reality. So what is so wrong for the heroine that you've been rooting for the entire series gets what she dreamed? It feels like you win with her as she faces hardships and takes the hard challenges.     I thought there were serveral plot twists in the book that took me by total surprise! As I read the last book I was hoping for these twists and turns but I wasn't sure if the author would deliver.  I beleive she did. And then some.    (Spoilers) For example Jacob's imprinting on little \\"Nessie\\" was a twist I never would've saw coming. Yes, everything tied neatly, but  the author had already brought Bella, Edward and Jacob through so much angst about their three way relationship. This was a perfect solution in my opinion.     About the comments about the pregnancy? Yes, teen pregnancy is a touchy subject. However the author allowed the reader to forget that with Bella's aged attitude. I belvie she din't portray Bella as a teen, as we all knew she wanted to be immortal for the longest time, rarley acting like the normal immature teenager. I beleive she effectivly diverted the reader's attention to the fact that it wasn't about the fact that she was pregnant at a young age, but the problem was how would she survive and what was she carrying?       I adored the entire story.
B0000C3I6U|4.0|Long before \\"Eye vant to pump you up...\\" became a Hans and Franz Saturday Night Live catchphrase, before the pump was a feature of Reebok running shoes, there was Arnold Schwarzenegger's orgiastic tribute to the sensation of muscular blood-engorgement.      \\"Pumping Iron\\" is a late 1970's documentary of bodybuilding subculture and the competitive hothouse leading up to the Mr. Olympia Competition of 1975.  Its macro focus is hijacked somewhat by the larger than life muscles and personality of Arnold Schwarzenegger.      At this level, all of the bodybuilders have incredible physiques and are skilled at posing.  Arnold has a command of the stage, though, a charisma, a sense of ease bordering on arrogance.  His incandescent personality reads the people and situations around him and sets him apart.  It perhaps lays the foundation for his career in acting and his eventual and improbable career into politics.      As a period piece, \\"Pumping Iron\\" will transport you back to the ridiculous hairstyles and clothing fashions of the 1970's.  As a bodybuilding documentary, it is absorbing.  As an early bio on the Ah-nold in the early stages of his career, it foreshadows the larger stages on which the Governator spread his muscular wings.
B0007OCG4W|4.0|Been there, done that. Who hasn't? That's why this movie is so watchable. Most of us, if we admit it, can identify with how these characters seek self gratification, hurt others, realize their mistakes, then go right ahead and make them again and again. We call it real life. Which you don't often get in movies. Highly recommended. But hasn't Jude Law played this same character now several times in movies, as well as at least once that we know about in real life with the babysitter?
031606792X|5.0|I read a review before buying this book that had the spoiler in it and mine will also.  Let me say this-this is a FICTION book, that means that it's not real.  SOme of the reviews seem to have forgotten that and are taking the books as if vampires and werewolfs really exsist.  Now I don't mean to say they don't but seriously rate the book on it's story not on it's relation to reality!  Having said that I enjoyed this one the most because finally we are done with the love triangle and are now just emersed in a really good story.  We can finally enjoy all the characters and wonder were they're ride will take them.  SInce I'm one of those that never wants a story to end..I'm kind of hoping there will be one more.  This I think will remain my favorite and if your a fan of the other three than you'll love it.
B0013L2EDQ|2.0|Well, I really enjoyed Black Order, so I gave this a try and was disappointed. It has a lot of excitement and suspense, but in the end, it just feels too \\"oh give me a break, how could that happen?\\" unrealistic.  WAY too many impossible scenarios are resolved WAY too easily. If only real life was this easy to get out of a bad situation.
B000000W5P|5.0|I've always found The Rolling Stones to be a great singles band whose albums often come up a bit short. SOME GIRLS does not suffer from this let down as all the songs are of premium quality. Starting out with the proto-disco of \\"Miss You,\\" There really isn't a let down throughout. From the wicked \\"When The Whip Comes Down\\" to the intense \\"Shattered,\\" this is a recording that is Stones classic.  Mick is fully engaged, vocals that go from the conceit of \\"Some Girls\\" to the country croon of \\"Far Away Eyes\\" without a hitch. He sells the sexual growl as easily as the bluesy asides; few rockers can compare with Mick when he's at the top of his game. Richards' works with his usual assurance; with Wood fleshing out the sound to create a slashing force across all the rockers and laying back when restraint is called for, like on Beast of Burden.\\" Wyman and Watts continue their eternal support with Watts holding everything together with his tight drumming. Even a casual fan needs to make this one part of their collection.
B000O75F7C|4.0|Than you are hear because you are looking for bands that remind you of Pink Floyd. As there will be no band to take their place, Porcupine Tree is a great place to start. Their mix of keyboards and guitar licks are just what the doctor ordered. The vocals are far from Roger's yelps but you will become addicted to Wilson's voice in the same way. If Roger Waters plays second to your love of David Gilmore, than RPWL may be more to your liking. Also check out a band called Riverside.
0316067601|5.0|Hands down one of the best books I have ever read.  This books should be part of the high school curriculum. The style of writing is easy to read but very detailed and draws you in so deep, you don't want to put it down.  You've never felt so proud of the brave men and women serving our great nation, nor have you ever felt so proud to be an American.  This book had me crying like a baby by the end. A must read!
140120306X|1.0|I have read the first two \\"League of Extraordinary Gentlemen\\" a few times and love them.  This one I hated.<br /><br />It was like Alan Moore went to Kevin O'Neill and said, \\"I have about 15 different stories that have no real connection but I want to put them in a book.  While mildly amusing, none of them really have a plot.  And I have an overarching story that has a plot, but no climax and no ending.\\"<br /><br />At this point O'Neill responds, \\"That is great Alan!  I have been wanting to try a bunch of different drawing styles on one book for a while.  Hopefully I can show off my talent with the material you are describing!  Who cares if any type of interesting story comes of it.  People will buy it because the first two books were so good.\\"<br /><br />The art was good, there were snippets of brilliance in Moore's use of various historical and mythical figures and stories.  But the plot really did not go anywhere, some of the stories were just boring and really did not connect very well, and overall I found myself loathing the time I had to spend to finish this book.
B00005UOXN|5.0|Many reviews here seem to think that this is a compliation of either a) greatest hits or b) remixes done at a later date. That simply isn't the case. By the time this disc was released on CD it had already been released as an import vinyl LP 2 years earlier, which I original had, but which did not have \\"To Be A Lover\\" on it because the song hadn't been release yet. This compilation was a collection of Billy's 12\\" mixes. These are all 12\\" mixes that were released at the time of each song's popularity. Most of these mixes, in fact, were on the 12\\" single of Dancing with Myself in 1983! Other than that, the remix of Flesh for Fantasy is the remix from the original 12\\", which included the LP version as well since this version doesn't have all the vocals. \\"To Be A Lover\\", which was added to this collection in 1987 when it was re-released on CD, is the original vinyl 12\\" version. The reason songs such as \\"rebel yell\\" and \\"eyes without a face\\" are not included is because there were no 12\\" mixes released of these songs. If you want Billy's greatest hits, then by all means, get his greatest hits. If you want these unique 12\\" mixes that would otherwise be impossible to get in digital quality, forcing you to keep all your old 12\\" vinyl singles, then don't hesitate to get this disc.<br /><br />And for hardcore fans who might shun this disc because they consider these versions 'inferior', just consider this. White Wedding was CALLED 'part 1' on Billy's LP, so obviously, he actually recorded a part 1 AND 2, which you have here. What's surprising about this however is that there are lyric verses on this version that are not used on the LP mix (makes sense since this is a longer version), BUT there is also a lyric verse on the LP mix that isn't on this long version!
B001DDBCUU|5.0|Finally the ending we all wanted!  Worth every second of the movie...I love the twists and turns throughout the entire show.  A great cherry on top of the chocolate sundae we all knew to grow with and love.
B0016K40KY|5.0|The Columbia Classics Collector's Edition of \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\" is the best version on DVD.     I just discovered this film a few years ago, when the Superbit version was out of print and the Limited Edition was not only expensive, but was infamous for its inaccurate colors. I bought the single disc DVD, and was very pleased with it. However, it had no extra features.    Using various website reviews and side-by-side image comparisons, I have come to the conclusion that the Superbit version had the best picture quality (sound quality, I gather, is the same for all versions). The Columbia Classics version has very similar (if not equal) picture quality to the Superbit version. It also contains all of the same extras in the Limited Edition version, minus the replica booklet and DVD-Rom (the Superbit version had no extras, and neither does the single disc version). Therefore, the Columbia Classics version is best overall.    The only complaints that I have with this Columbia Classics version are that it uses false marketing to suggest that it is \\"Newly Restored and Remastered\\" (which it isn't, it's the same as the Superbit version) and one fault in the picture quality (the same for all versions, edge enhancement/ haloing around people.) These faults are minor, and this is still the best DVD version. However, I still detract 1/2 of a star for this.
B000ZINGIK|5.0|My favorite avantasia album thus far, \\"The Scarecrow\\" is a great ballad, Bob Cately has an amazing voice filled with emotion-it works great with Tobias Sammet.
B000066744|1.0|This movie did not work. I bought it cause I loved the movie... Unfortunaly I was stuck with the movie cause it didnt work on any dvd set nor x-box or playstation 3
B00000J7JO|1.0|This a review of the mastering, It is BAD. Perhaps the most infamous victim of the loudness war, but I hear so little of it from fans. The music is OK, I guess, but the sound is AWFUL. Consumer, educate yourself. END THE LOUDNESS WARS. Go get Blod Sugar Sex Magic, (original issue) it is the same, only it sounds good.
031606792X|3.0|To be perfectly honest, this book was a little bit off. The thought that kept coming into my head while reading was \\"Did Stephenie Meyer really write this?\\" It seemed to me to be a lustful fan girl fan fiction story that you could find on any old fan fiction site than a story written by the wonderful author that wrote the first three novels. Now, I'm not saying I hated it. In fact, upon reading I was quite captivated, but when I look back on it, that's when I'm a little bit disappointed. Here are my big problems:    SPOILERSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!      1. Jake imprinted on Renesmee. Okay, I saw this once with Quil, and I'm still not totally over it. I don't know.. some part inside of me wanted Jacob to be bitter and in love with Bella forever. I personally think that would have been awesome, which sounds horrible, I know. But it stinks that something that's been this... HUGE obstacle for thousands of pages all of a sudden ends in a paragraph with little to no problems.  2. All these vampires popped out of absolutely nowhere and it was just... exhausting.  3. No one suffered at all. Everyone everywhere was happy all the time. and if they did suffer it was for the span of a few days, and then it was totally over, and everyone was happy. I mean, come on, she got Edward as a husband, Jacob as her best friend and soon to be son-in-law, she got immortality and gets to be loved forever by the most amazing guy ever, she gets to have a relationship with her father and mother, she gets the most amazing little daughter ever, an awesome house, a awesome new family, awesome clothes, awesome superpowers. She just gets an awesome life. and i think that what with the rest of the books, I think she should have had to sacrifice something.. I mean... SOMETHING? ANYTHING?!?! COME ONNN...  4. Nobody died. Well, except for Irina or w/e her name is. I wanted an epic death. That would have been sick, but totally necessary.  5. The first half of the novel was nothing more than a Harlequin romance.  6. Leah didn't imprint on anyone. That... really really bothered me. I can't express it enough. I don't know if Stephenie forgot or was using that \\"I won't be able to carry on the werewolf line\\" line, as an excuse, but I didn't buy it. I wanted her to imprint on someone! After all the heartache she's been through.. come on Stephenie!  7. Half the book was from Jacob's perspective. I highly doubt I'm the only one who that bothered.  8. I wanted a seriously epic battle. There really wasn't one.  9. Garret gave like... this seriously awesome speech that saved the whole thing and yet.. umm.. who is Garret? Didn't Stephenie introduce him like... 50 pages before? I think it was a bit early for him to be saving the book.  10. When Bella turned into a vampire.. sadly.. she just wasn't Bella to me anymore. She wasn't clumsy, she wasn't blushing all the time, she wasn't awkward.. and I knew deep down that would happen, but somehow.. I just.. it made me sad to miss the stupid clumsy weirdo we knew and sometimes loved.    there's probably more, but I'm tired.    Things I loved about Breaking Dawn:    1. Renesmee. Unlike a lot of people, I am totally unbothered by Bella having the baby. I think she's sort of awesome.  2. I like that Bella got a power. That was cool.  3. I liked the wedding in general when Jacob and Edward fought.  4. I liked hearing about all the different vampires even though it made my head hurt.  5. I liked that Bella turned into a vampire, though you heard my qualms about that above.    basically.. there was a whole lot about Breaking Dawn that I didn't like and a some that I did. Overall it was to me, a satisfying ending.. it was just a bit too fairy-tale for me. She didn't need EVERYTHING. I though Edward was supposed to be enough to satisfy her, I thought she was only afraid of losing him.  My main problem was that Bella just.. didn't act like Bella anymore. That was troubling.
031606792X|1.0|I picked up a copy of Twilight about two months ago and quickly devoured the following two in the series. When Breaking Dawn was set to come out I fully expected a bittersweet farewell. I felt this way because it was fated, that is if the author had remained true to her charaters.<br />Hear are a few things I cringed at in Breaking Dawn...<br />-The wedding, completly contrived. I didn't think it was nessesary for these two to even do it.<br />-The pregnancy, gross and completely implausible. Sorry, vampires can't have babies. Vampires are dead, yep dead.<br />- Reneseme-awful name, kinda stupid, and horribly silly. The fact that she grew so fast really didn't allow for Bella, Edward, or any readers to bond with her.<br />- The imprinting, yucky, uncomfortable.<br />-The non-climax with the Volturi.<br />-The last chapter, golly gee everythings swell.<br /><br />I feel badly for the true fans who feel robbed and cheated by this poorly executed conclusion.
B000Q7ZO8U|4.0|First off my rating of four stars is for the film itself and the current Blu Ray(which i do not own but rented)    Warner Bros just announced that on October 28 they will be rereleasing polar Express in 3D with four 3D glasses.     I wonder when it would pop up on Amazon?
0316143472|5.0|I was calling friends to read them excerpts from this book, only I was laughing so hard usually they couldn't understand me! I immediately bought tickets to Sedaris's next reading!
B000TGCR3I|3.0|Tekkon Kinkreet  This was based on the Manga Black and White. I have to say I was a little disappointed in this one. I enjoyed in, but it left a gaping whole where I wanted closure. The art style is unique to say the least. The action is brutal, yet subtle. The story is barely even a major factor. This movie is more based off the relationship between Black and White. It obviously is a symbolic representation of Yin and Yang; you must have both to function correctly.    Black and White are kids known as the Cats on the streets of Treasure Town. Treasure Town is an extremely undeveloped town, run mostly by the Yakuza. Black and White usually cause havoc while trying to protect their territory and there town. Black is a serious warrior. He develops well throughout the course of our story. At first he is fighting to protect White, but soon we see he has his own demons. White is a slow child. White doesn't do much except act weird. For some reason, he has \\"all the screws Black needs.\\" You will find out what that means through the course of the movie.    A new boss takes his place at the top of the Yakuza. He demands that Treasure Town be reborn in his image. He wants amusement parks, casinos, and other moneymaking machines to flood Treasure Town. Obviously, this does not sit well with our ally dwellers, Black and White. Black causes chaos for the Yakuza, which causes them to sent giant super-human type men after them. White is almost killed by one of them and eventually taking away from Black. Black oddly enough, falls to his demons and allows for White to leave. I will leave the rest of the plot to your observational skills.    The plot may sound thick, but it isn't as deep as one might think. There is another whole side-story with a man named Rat, a Yakuza member, being caught up in the new plan for the city. He hates it, but knows he can do nothing about it. That story plays a less significant role though. The main picture is more of a man VS himself type plot. Blackneeds White to keep him in balance. Can Black defeat his demons and return to White? That is the basic concept of the entire movie. I like this idea, but a dense story in the background didn't help this movie out.    The art in this movie is great. Everything looks very detailed, except for the actual people. The people have a styles all of their own. They are less detailed, but have a certain appeal to them. This was probably one of my favorite art styles I have seen so far.    The extras on this one are a commentary track and a few other small things. There is nothing that I really felt was worth looking at. The film has a great theme, that you need to keep yourself balanced, but a thin story brings this one down for me. The Yakuza wasn't even really part of the main plot, so their existence felt almost meaningless to me.
B0000041Q3|5.0|What incredibly beautiful music this is! Puccini's \\"Turandot\\" is my all time favorite and this cast gives a stellar performance on his final, unfinished work. I bought this CD only because I wanted Pavarotti's version of \\"Nessun Dorma,\\" but I was pleasantly surprised by how wonderful the full performance was.     It is impossible not to be moved to tears when listening to Caballe's \\"Signore, Ascolta\\" - this is a scene stealer especially with her held note at the end of the aria that is sure to induce a total \\"Oh my God\\" moment. With that said however, Sutherland and Pavarotti are the stars and both effortlessly break the vocal stratosphere in their performances. All under the masterful baton of Zubin Mehta, you are sure to be pleased with this CD. I'm sure you'll love it as much as I do.
B000RG1FMO|4.0|I went to see him at the Glow N the Dark Tour in houston.... there is something about him that is so touching... he is a true performer. I think he is at the top of the game... hes brilliant. GRADUATION is a mind-blowing album with excellent samplez...    my favourite track hands down is \\"Flashing Lights\\" ft. Dwele. the beat is just OUTSTANDING... the video helped it become a INSTANT CLASSIC...    other joints on this album that i love...  \\"Homecoming\\"  \\"Champion\\"  \\"Barry Bonds\\"  \\"Good Morning\\"  \\"Cant Tell Me Nothing\\"   \\"I Wonder\\"    the whole album is amazing to me... he is alwayz going to b over the top and im not going to hate.... I just wish ppl would just give him the respect that he deserves...    4.5 out of 5 stars
0132350882|4.0|If I had not read Kent Beck's excellent \\"Implementation Patterns\\" book, I might have been more impressed by \\"Clean Code\\".  I prefer \\"Implementation Patterns\\" because it is more concise, and was easier for me to internalize.<br /><br />If you are the type of person who enjoys doing book exercises (or is self-disciplined enough to do them), then \\"Clean Code\\" has plenty of exercises.<br /><br />If you are self-disciplined enough to do book exercises, you might want to buy \\"Implementation Patterns\\", then pick an Open Source project (like JUnit, ant, etc.) (if it has unit tests then that's all the better) and then try to find places in the code where the principles are used and where they're not.  Then refactor the code (see \\"Refactoring\\" by Martin Fowler) to use Kent's principles.<br /><br />If you're a Smalltalker, you may prefer Kent Beck's excellent \\"Smalltalk Best Practice Patterns\\" which has a similar intent to the \\"Implementation Patterns\\" book but is geared towards the Smalltalk language and libraries.<br /><br />If you follow Kent Beck's advice, you will write Clean Code (and you'll only have to read 148 pages as opposed to the 464 pages of \\"Clean Code\\").
1401307787|5.0|I read this book after reading Ekhart Tolle's two books and listening to Jon Kabat-Zinn on Oprah's radio program.  His ideas parallel Tolle.  I devoured the book and recommend it to anyone who wants to grow in mindfulness.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|I was hoping to see some better tracks on this CD and was only fairly impressed with the songs I haven't heard before.    My rating *** out of *****.
0812975219|1.0|One of the most self-congratulatory, didactic books I've ever read. Taleb is a convinced ideologue whose expertise in stock trading has created the conviction that he sees the invisible hand at work.<br /><br />He constantly reminds the reader that he is writing, restating and recasting sections with a reference to his earlier statements (never trust a writer that quotes himself) while dismissing whole schools of thought by selectively quoting from philosophers to make them look silly and misguided--if you read any philosopher, they will eventually prove themselves silly and misguided. It happens when they take themselves too seriously, which Taleb certainly does.<br /><br />Overall, his ode to skepticism is well conceived, but very thin. Unfortunately, it seems to be the only idea he ever tested. He makes the frequent mistake of confusing the success of a rigorous analysis for the justification of a philosophy as a guiding system to thought for others.<br /><br />Ultimately, philosophy is what Taleb suggests science is, taking the ideas of Karl Popper over the top and placing them on an alter, \\"science is mere speculation, mere formulation of conjecture.\\" Popper was a solid skeptic, while Taleb is a convinced acolyte.
B00005JMUA|5.0|If you like gross, overly violent, graphic films, then you'll like Kill Bill Vol. 1 more, but this one was way better.  I watched the first, and barely could sit through it because it was so gross and sick.  However, I found volume 2 much better, with a better story line, and action packed.  It completed the story, and thus had more of a story line.  If you consider watching people get dismembered and children bleeding out their predators as action and entertainment, you may like 1 better.<br /><br />I almost didn't watch 2 because of how much I found 1 distasteful, but I was told 2 was less violent, so I watched and I'm glad I did, as this is one of my favorite movies!<br /><br />I know they are one movie, but if you watch them, you wouldn't think so.
B000YKE87W|1.0|Some very distinguished tenors started out as baritones.  Such was the case with the great Carlo Bergonzi who retained a warm Caruso like baritonal timbre in his voice while still hitting ringing, spinto high B-flats and singing in sweet head voice and mezza voce.  Ram&oacute;n Vinay also began his career as a baritone, becoming a gifted heroic tenor before returning to the baritone repetoire as his voice darkened with age.<br /><br />Unfortunately, Kaufmann is not cut from the same cloth.  With some effort, he could become a useful baritone.  But his premature and unjustified desire to enter the tenor range is quite ridiculous, producing a strained, constipated and thoroughly unpleasant sound.  And he should learn to shave.
B0000VD04M|5.0|This is a sensitive film about human fallibility amazingly done up in the guise of a comedy.  Johnny Depp's Ed Wood's is terrific.  He plays a miserably flawed and totally deluded man...He plays him with sympathy and some understanding.  It would have been easier, no doubt, to have played him as a vainglorious fool, but the director and producer decided on a more complex character.  Woods is a man totally, and mistakenly, convinced of his artistic excellence.  He is so convinced in himself that he is able to convince others to invest in his ideas of cinematic art.  He produces junk, but what junk it is.  I have just finished watching 'Plan 9 from Outer Space', Wood's masterpiece.  It is too easy to say that it is 'so bad it's good.'  The fact is, with all it's funky sets, ridiculous special effects, miserable acting and over-the-top jokes, it actually is good...especially if you've had half a dozen beers.  I have very little doubt that, in 'Plan 9', Woods deliberately produced a satire on science fiction films and, more importantly, on foolish public attitudes that cause people to BELIEVE in flying saucers.<br /><br />As such, 'Plan 9' is a down-at-the-mouth 'Rocky Horror Picture Show' and I have little doubt that the producers of 'Rocky' drew on this film for weird inspiration.<br /><br />All the characters in \\"Ed Woods' are great, especially Martin Landau as the pitiful, heroin abusing Bela Lugosi.  Landau is Lugosi.  Seldom has an actor owned a role as thoroughly as this one.  Woods, who in the movie, establishes a genuine relationship with Lugosi, tries to help him by giving him parts in ridiculous films [except that Woods doesn't know they're ridiculous].  Lugosi, as a 'big' name actor becomes Woods major playing card in his eternal search for investors and viewers.  Unfortunately, it's late in the game and Lugosi dies during the filming of Wood's Magnum Opus 'Plan 9'.  Not to worry.  Woods substitutes him with a double who hides his false identity by slouching around the set with his black cape held up to his eyes.  No kidding, I just watched 'Plan 9' and Woods really did this.<br /><br />Ron Braithwaite author of novels--'Skull Rack' and 'Hummingbird God'--on the Conquest of Mexicowith his black cape held up to his eyes.  No kidding, I just watched 'Plan 9' and Woods really did this.    Ron Braithwaite author of novels--'Skull Rack' and 'Hummingbird God'--on the Conquest of Mexico
031606792X|1.0|Like a lot of readers of this series, I'm a long way off  \\"young adult\\"  and it says  something about Meyer's innate abilities that she  created a compelling dynamic that appealed beyond that target audience.  Twilight, romantic, tinged with melancholy, lets you be a teenager again, fall into reveries about Edward, part Mr Darcy, part Mr Rochester, in eternally beautiful, and always potentially dangerous, youthful form.  Totally addictive, it made me a more than willing customer for New Moon and  Eclipse, even if their hit was never the same quality as Twilight's.  But there's no high in Breaking Dawn.   Much of the problem lies in the quality of the writing.  How bad would it have been to have waited a while longer for a book that had the benefit of real editing, so that like others, I didn't feel that I was reading something lifted from a fanfic site?  I don't necessarily have any objection to the storyline itself, whatever its apparent absurdities and agenda;  it's fiction, and Meyer can do what she wants with her story.  But I got bored and tired wading though each contrived scenario.  I felt there was more passion on the last page, when Bella is able to \\"show\\" Edward how she has always felt about him,  in little clips from the previous books, than there was in the rest of the 700 plus pages of BD.  But mostly I miss the series' raison d'etre.  Here, Edward, who with the exception of his initial reaction to Bella's pregnancy and subsequent offer to Jake,  is as complex as a Ken doll, and fulfills pretty much the same function (\\"bridegroom\\" Edward, \\"honeymoon\\" Edward).  He was a stronger presence in New Moon, and he wasn't there for 2/3rds of that book.  Jake, who with a good chunk  of this book told from his perspective, eclipses Edward, and is a far more vibrant personality...    After this, and the torpid recycling of ideas that was the Host, I think I'll stay away from Meyer, and look elsewhere for guilty reading pleasures...
0451529065|5.0|Darwin's thoughts, as documented in 'Origin of Species', are the pivotal moment of biology and, arguably, the most powerful scientific insight ever.  'Origin' is not the brilliant flash of insight in the mind of the young Darwin of the Beagle.  It is the compilation and distillation of years of observation and research.  As such, 'Origins' doesn't have the fast pace of a popular mystery novel.  Instead, it is the steady and progressive development of evidence leading to the conclusion that life is constantly and progressively changing...and here is where Darwin shook the world...that the direction of this change is shaped by the agency of natural selection.<br /><br />Natural Selection is precisely the sword that Darwin voluntarily fell on.  Many people of the time, scientists and some theologians, had no particular problem with concepts of evolution over great expanses of time.  Granted, evolutionary concepts were never popular with fundamentalist believers but others, more observant and more open about God's methods, reckoned that God could create life and advance life any way he wished.<br /><br />Natural Selection threw a monkey wrench into the mechanism of Divine Direction of evolution.  With Natural Selection, evolutionary 'progress' became a machine that ran quite well all by itself.  It didn't need the Divine Direction of an All Merciful God.  All life, including man, could be a celestial accident pushed forward by the inevitable forces of selection.<br /><br />Was Darwin correct?  Evidence of its basic validity is well documented in 'Origins\\".  Besides, it makes imminent good sense, which is exactly why the concept took off like a rocket.  It was logical and rational that more favored forms suceed over less favored forms--life progresses relentlessly forward...BUT...anything that makes such obvious sense should be suspect in principle.  There is no reason whatsoever to believe that natural selection is the primary directive force behind evolution.  It is a force, to be certain, but is it the PRIMARY force?<br /><br />My guess is 'no'.  Evolution over eons involving countless species of bacteria, molds, plants and animals is an extraordinarily complex process.  Natural Selection is one motivator but it won't be the only one.  It may not even be the most important one.  There has been a tendency in some circles to almost deify Darwin.  I believe Darwin would have been appalled.  Cannonization is a sure way of stifling scientific discussion and progress.  Darwin was a man...an intelligent man, an extremely insightful man...but just a man.  Just as Newtonian physics has been found lacking in some areas, 'Darwinism' will also prove to be a less than perfect philosophy.  Even so, Darwin is, in my opinion, the most important scientific mind ever.<br /><br />Ron Braithwaite author of novels--'Skull Rack' and 'Hummingbird God'--on the Spanish Conquest of Mexicot is it the PRIMARY force?    My guess is 'no'.  Evolution over eons involving countless species of bacteria, molds, plants and animals is an extraordinarily complex process.  Natural Selection is one motivator but it won't be the only one.  It may not even be the most important one.  There has been a tendency in some circles to almost deify Darwin.  I believe Darwin would have been appalled.  Cannonization is a sure way of stifling scientific discussion and progress.  Darwin was a man...an intelligent man, an extremely insightful man...but just a man.  Just as Newtonian physics has been found lacking in some areas, 'Darwinism' will also prove to be a less than perfect philosophy.  Even so, Darwin is, in my opinion, the most important scientific mind ever.    Ron Braithwaite author of novels--'Skull Rack' and 'Hummingbird God'--on the Spanish Conquest of Mexico
1572816112|3.0|I purchased this and sold it pretty quickly thereafter!  The artwork is original, and the images depicted are accurate overall.  However, I found it impossible to read with.  Most of the images did not speak to me, because they are somewhat cubist and fantastic in the truest sense of the word.  If that type of art is your thing, I recommend the deck.  If not, pass.  While viewing the cards online, it looked like a great new deck to be had.  But in my hands, it was a completely different story!
0316010669|4.0|I think this is a must read, especially for those that enjoy psychology and understanding human behavior, human interaction and the reason we do many of the things the way we do. I think it is also a great self improvement tool.    This book really makes you think. I loved the different examples that are provided from situations in the lives of people, from various walks of life, ranging from an Army commander to a food taster!  The author does a great job of evaluating all sides of the topic and provides frequent reference to earlier instances.  Overall, a very nice read, that I hope to keep doing time and again
B0007TKNL0|2.0|Visually beautiful, but exercise your mute button finger in preparation for the Phantom's songs.  The choice of Gerard Butler's incredibly grating voice for the title role is perplexing.
184195392X|4.0|I am not much of a fiction reader... but, this is top on my list of favorites.
0316143472|5.0|I love David Sedaris. This is the third of his books that I've read. It's not quite as funny as the others, but I don't think it's really supposed to be. His story about his neighbor Helen did make me laugh out loud for a very long time, though. My husband thought something was wrong with me. I had tears.<br /><br />What I loved about his book more than the others is that I felt as if I knew David inside and out by the end. I felt as if I could go out to dinner with him and we'd be like old friends, catching up after all of these years. His writing is so endearing, which has to be hard to pull off, considering some of the topics. I love a man who loves spiders? How does that happen? But I do.<br /><br />David also finds a way to write about being gay that easily crosses over. Straight boring moms such as myself will find all of his relationship stories interesting. In fact, when he writes about his relationship with Hugh, I found myself nodding, \\"Uh huh, been there David. Right on!\\" And he's so right about the exorbitant amount of time us straight people spend trying to figure out how gay sex takes place. (But why didn't you tell us David? You make fun of us for wanting to know, but then you don't satisfy our curiosity). His trials about quitting smoking are also enlightening and help me to better understand my friends who smoke.<br /><br />The only criticism I have about the entire book is that I could have done without the line about a type of cracker tasting like penis. Hey I know what that tastes like, and I don't want that taste going anywhere near my crackers. Other than that, I love the book and highly recommend it.
B000002GQH|4.0|I was a major Moody Blues fan back in the era of this release. I owned every one of their albums on vinyl. I saw them in concert around 1970 and they were amazingly good live considering the amount of \\"studio\\" they always put into their work. I recently went back and purchased \\"Threshold\\" and \\"Lost Chord\\". The vocals and arrangements hold up pretty well and these guys were good players. However, some of the lyrics almost seem hokey and hard to take seriously (I really took this stuff seriously as a young kid). The poetic input is almost comical at times, but does help to frame the thematic nature of the album. Personally, I always liked \\"Threshold\\" the best with it's airy feel. Top tracks are \\"Lovely to See You\\", \\"Never Comes The Day\\" and \\"Are You Sitting Comfortably\\". I always felt that the Moodies were a great band to get high to back in the day and were very much an acid trip vehicle to evoke high-minded conversations pertaining to the universe and life's meaning etc. I was always bummed to hear that they were supposedly anti-drug guys during this period. I told myself for a long time that they only wrote the Timothy Leary is dead lines to throw us off - oh well. No matter how you cut it - the Moody Blues were \\"trippin\\" in those days and made some great \\"mood\\" music.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Let me start by saying I have never like Sci-Fi. I don't watch Stargate or SG-1 or any of those shows. I heard someone mention how good Firefly was, I had never heard of it. Well, I watched the whole series, in the CORRECT order and I fell in love with this wonderful piece of television history. Rarely does a show have the power to draw you in so deeply to each character, making you want to know more about who they are. It was so well written, deep, witty and utterly charming. Nathan Fillion was Mal, that role was made for him. I can understand why he was heartbroken when the series was cancelled. What a shame because so much on tv today is trash and this was just a wonderful thing that had to end way to soon. Shame on FOX for letting this one go.
B00005JPLW|3.0|300 was a huge success, due largely in part to the splendid CGI backgrounds and limitless display of bloodshed.  I was caught up in its success for several months before I watched it a few more times asking \\"is it really that good?\\"  Although it will appeal to fans of the graphic novel, and mainstream action moviegoers when you pick it apart on a critical level you'll see how it fails to compare to other epics based on similar time periods.  In no way those this rock `em sock `em action joy ride hold a light to such films as Spartacus or Gladiator or any other of the notable films of this period in time.  I can see how this works as a graphic novel, but the same style just can't come across as excellence on screen.<br /><br />My biggest complaint has to be the poor dialogue in this film, which can only be described as taunts you'd typically see inside a wrestling stadium, characters allows shouting at the top of their lungs.  The things they say lack charisma, it just seems very unreal.<br /><br />If you want a real representation of this point in history go looking for another film, but if you want a great visual feast of gore and mayhem (like I am when I sit down to watch this film every now and then) then this film is perfect, especially when you're angry.<br /><br />A good 3 out of 5 stars for 300 for visuals, but lack of dialogue and other key items missing from the script.
B000078DOH|3.0|Freak Styley was RHCP's second album, and I feel it was the weakest of the original trilogy. A lot of the tracks here were throwaways that didn't make the cut for the first album (albeit freshly re-recorded for this record). It's like the saying goes-- \\"If they weren't good enough the first time, what makes them good enough now?\\" Luckily these \\"throwaways\\" aren't AWFUL or anything, they are just kind of mediocre & forgettable. At least most are only 1 minute long or thereabouts.    All that said, there is still some great stuff on Freaky Styley. The first four songs are without a doubt the highlight of the record and stand to this day along with some of the band's best work, most notably the incredible \\"American Ghost Dance\\" which forshadowed a sound the band would employ years later on BloodSugarSexMagik and even as recently as Stadium Arcadium. Flea made his trumpet debut on this album and this work is featured on a good number of tracks.    At the end of the day though, Freaky Styley suffers from the too-much-filler-not-enough-substance syndrome. As it stands Freaky Styley clocks in at 14 tracks. At least 5 of these are either not songs at all or one of the aforementioned throwaways. Another 2 of those are cover songs. If they had trimmed away some of the fat and recorded 2 more, hell even 1 more, full-length original song Freaky Styley could have been a whole lot better. These issues, despite a few great tracks, drag Styley down from being a great album to merely being a good album.    (Although it should be noted that even the worst, most ridiculous track here-- the 10-second \\"Thirty Dirty Birds\\" is better and more entertaining than anything on the snoozefest they called By The Way. Food for thought.)
B000UR9T8C|3.0|One of the most anticipated movies of summer 2007 Spider-Man 3 ended as possibly the biggest letdown.  The spirit that had driven the first two films seems to fizzle in a film that just doesn't have a story to work with its substantial budget.<br /><br />The original Spider-Man was a great popcorn film, providing a good live-action adaptation of the character's development while Spider-Man 2 was one of the best superhero features ever put on film.  So why does a sequel involving the same cast and director fail?  I personally believe it was art.  Director Sam Raimi seems so caught up in dazzling the audience with visual spectacles that he loses the heart of the previous films.  The special effects drive this film which is never a good thing.  Human elements are lost, and thus the film fails.  Sorry to say Tobey Maguire's portrayal of Peter Parker and Spider-Man is amusing, but it isn't in the same league as Johnny Depp's Jack Sparrow who'll pull in the crowds.  The acting in these films has been good, but no character has ever stood out to the point of wanting to see the movie for the character alone.  J. Jonah Jameson is probably the most enjoyable character of all three films, but of course no one wants to see a movie based on him.<br /><br />Part of the no plot problem is the villain overdose this film suffers from.  How they went from Green Goblin in the first one, Doctor Octopus in the second (my favorite of the web-slinger's villains) to the third with New Goblin, Sandman and Venom.  That's THREE villains, Sandman and Venom not getting enough character development for  the villain to care about them as characters, and you only know New Goblin because, you guessed it, Harry Osborn's been in the last two  films, prepping for his turn to crime...which also comes across as very forced in this movie.  Not to try and spoil the film, but to save viewer groans he has a period where he hits his head and forgets Peter's Spider-Man, but of course remembers later on.  The fact that they used that clich&eacute; is something I can't understand.<br /><br />Moving on to Venom and Sandman, we get a mixed issue.  Neither of these characters gets the screen time required to have the viewer care for them, especially Sandman.  Another problem I have is after they went through all the trouble of bringing realism to Green Goblin and Doctor Octopus, Sandman still looks and dresses exactly as he does in the 60s comic books, but not to discredit him entirely some of the Sandman effects in the film provide great entertainment.  Then we have Venom, who I actually liked the design of, but even if Eddie was fleshed out he must only be Venom for the last fifteen minutes of this movie, and knowing how many fans the character has this will come as a major disappointment to say the least.<br /><br />Going back to visuals and specials effects; this film suffers from some of the same problems the original Spider-Man film did, and that's at times the special effects seem to deny reality in many ways.  Characters seem to fly through the air as if they are weightless, and some things just defy physics and logic, no matter how cool it looks on screen.  Spider-Man 2 didn't suffer from this, Doctor Octopus and Spidey seemed to have weight to them when they fought on building tops and fought across The Big Apple.  Sandman turning into a sandstorm and flying around (probably against the wind too) doesn't seem to cut it as real.<br />Overall Spider-Man 3 is a great display of visuals, but not that great of a movie.  Lots of it looks like they had a concept artist sketch some cool images out which Raimi just randomly slapped in their (such as Spider-Man crouching in front of an American flag).  Could've worked as a poster collection, or comic book, just not as one of the most highly anticipated movies of the year.<br /><br />Spider-Man 3, I give it a solid 3/5 Starsey used that clich is something I can't understand.      Moving on to Venom and Sandman, we get a mixed issue.  Neither of these characters gets the screen time required to have the viewer care for them, especially Sandman.  Another problem I have is after they went through all the trouble of bringing realism to Green Goblin and Doctor Octopus, Sandman still looks and dresses exactly as he does in the 60s comic books, but not to discredit him entirely some of the Sandman effects in the film provide great entertainment.  Then we have Venom, who I actually liked the design of, but even if Eddie was fleshed out he must only be Venom for the last fifteen minutes of this movie, and knowing how many fans the character has this will come as a major disappointment to say the least.      Going back to visuals and specials effects; this film suffers from some of the same problems the original Spider-Man film did, and that's at times the special effects seem to deny reality in many ways.  Characters seem to fly through the air as if they are weightless, and some things just defy physics and logic, no matter how cool it looks on screen.  Spider-Man 2 didn't suffer from this, Doctor Octopus and Spidey seemed to have weight to them when they fought on building tops and fought across The Big Apple.  Sandman turning into a sandstorm and flying around (probably against the wind too) doesn't seem to cut it as real.    Overall Spider-Man 3 is a great display of visuals, but not that great of a movie.  Lots of it looks like they had a concept artist sketch some cool images out which Raimi just randomly slapped in their (such as Spider-Man crouching in front of an American flag).  Could've worked as a poster collection, or comic book, just not as one of the most highly anticipated movies of the year.      Spider-Man 3, I give it a solid 3/5 Stars
0316776963|5.0|This is the first Sedaris book I've read and I want to read all his others ASAP.  I literally laughed out loud through many of the autobiographical essays.  While reading at a hotel pool on vacation, I had to get up and move away from all the other people, so I wouldn't disturb them with my uncontrollable laughter.  Sedaris' \\"worldview\\" is quirky but accurate.  His life experiences are often eccentric.  This book is a masterpiece of its genre, whatever genre that might be.  Maybe Sedaris has invented a new genre --humor/philosophy/autobiography/eccentricity.
B000O179EK|1.0|Lots of 5 star reviews, gimme a break.  What an absolute load of ****, don't waste your money. Acting-poor, story-worse, if you enjoy a good movie don't insult your own intelligence with this garbage.
B000E5N62U|2.0|Or can you spell loops? The only reason for rating this a two is that: 1, someone took the time to sequence everything. 2, someone took the time to lay down musical loops on top of the sequencing. Hopefully the vocals aren't sequenced too. There are already enough things that are routine without listening to sequenced music loops.
B0014I4KH6|5.0|When I first heard of Taylor Swift, I thought, \\"Oh great, another teeny-bopper trying to sugar-coat everything.\\"  How wrong I was.  Taylor Swift's talent reaches beyond her voice; her song-writing is brilliant.  Each song is clever and catchy, and the lyrics, though written in a teenage vein, touch a chord with any age.  \\"Shoulda Said No\\" was the stand-out song for me.
B000BO0QHW|4.0|This CD is easy on the ears as it contains good musical arrangements. I have no complaints with it. It's a great complement to my music collection.
1591841984|5.0|This was an overall fun, and super fast read. I thoroughly enjoyed the overview we get of what goes on behind the closed doors at Apple. I especially enjoyed the small section on Jonathan Ive. In addition to covering Steve Job's thinking process, we also get small snippets of his closest associates and a good view into the inception of many of Apple's most well known products. I think for me this was what made an interesting read even better.
B0011N1WE8|3.0|I give 5 stars for the movie and 2 for the DVD. The movie is a fun fantasy type with awesome visuals and great acting.  But, I was very disappointed in this DVD version.  I had seen a foreign copy of the movie and was looking forward to having my own clear copy.  But they cut out some really great scenes (one that my husband and I were especially looking forward to) and then they don't even have a deleted scenes section!  If we hadn't known what we were missing, I suppose we wouldn't have been so disappointed. The scene with the reporter and the real Max in jail is shorted (missing a hilarious interaction).  A really neat story point at the end where Penelope reconciles with Edward is completely cut.  The birds flying out of the house when Penelope's mom calls after her are cut out (except in the security cameras) - a neat visual.  And the scene with the kids at the end is shortened. Those were the scenes that we particularly remember missing, but I think there must have been some other shortened scenes. What a waste of money, the DVD will be just sitting on the shelf while we watch our low res foreign copy.
0743454529|4.0|Kate is 16 and has been living with a rare and aggressive form of Lukemia her whole life.  In fact, she is already years past her anticipated life expectancy.  But thankfully, for her, Kate's parents had her 13 year old sister, Anna, genetically engineered to be the perfect organ donor.  It started with the contents of the umbillical cord, and has continued, until now, when a kidney is the needed organ.  But Anna has thrown a wrench in the works by filing for medical emancipation so that she does not have to donate her kidney.  The novel spans the next two weeks in the Fitzgerald family's life as they wrestle with the medical, moral, and familial issues that arise when faced with life and death choices.  But as Anna knows, winning in court is not winning at all if it means Kate will die.    This book is moving and thought provoking.  It is impossible to read this story and not attempt to put yourself in the character's positions to determine what would you do given the same set of circumstances.  Each chapter is told from the perspective of one of the main characters which gives the reader fantastic insight into their thoughts and motivations.  As a result, the characters completely come alive and are people you can feel for and sympathize with.  Except for the mother, Sara.  I was never able to relate to her at all.  I found her to be selfish and single minded.  But that doesn't make her character unbelievable at all, just hard to comprehend in many ways.  Despite this, the pages fly by as you read to discover how both the legal and medical dramas will resolve themselves.    This book will make you laugh and cry.  It will make you question yourself and your relationships with loved ones.  It will likely surprise you at the end.  But overall, while sad, a tremendous joy to read.
B000ULQV0W|4.0|Great movie and soundtrack. Beautiful scenery to go along with the eerily smooth and hynotic voice of Eddie Vedder! Acoustics spin you in!
0452289963|5.0|I loved this book am re-reading it, and have bought and recommended it to others. I find the ancient spiritual philosophy to be a refreshing change from the 'noise' from modern religions.  This book and philosophy are profound and simple; zen for the common man.
0385340990|5.0|I was unsure about whether I would like the \\"Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society\\" since I had read that the book was all letters and no straight narrative.  But I was wrong to have doubts.  This book was wonderful.  The story that emerges through the letters is not only entertaining--it's funny, touching, and emotional all at once.  You will love these characters and the way they love English literature like so many readers do.<br /><br />\\"The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society\\" follows the post-war life of Juliet, a writer who lives in London.  Juliet begins corresponding with a man on Guernsey who has come across one of her books and she quickly becomes fascinated with life on Guernsey during the war.  She travels there and falls in love with island life--all the while delighting readers with her letters.<br /><br />This book is laugh-out-loud funny and teary-eyed sad all at once.  I found myself rushing to the end to find out what happened--I literally read this book in about 4 days--but I was so sad when it ended.  It made me want to learn more about Guernsey and the German occupation.  You won't be able to put this book down.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the World War II era, or any fan of English literature--the book is loaded with references to Austen, all of the Bronte sisters, Wilde, Dickens, and so on.  This book is easily on my best of the year list--it's a must read!
B000TEUSJK|2.0|I previously watched Calligula back in the 80's and was so impressed and moved with the movie, I wanted to see it again.  Unfortunately, I purchased the DVD from Amazon.com believing it to be UNRATED but found it to be rated PG.  Nothing like I remember.  Even the scenes I remembered were removed.  Refund Please.
031606792X|1.0|Although I found SM's previous three books in the saga enjoyable, Breaking Dawn was poorly written and poorly executed.  In between the (too numerous to count) inconsistencies and (I can't believe how many) jarring errors I'm sure I heard SM's career implode.    In the previous books Bella and Edward's love has been poignant, endearing and charming.  The members of the Cullen family were engaging.  Jacob was an excellent portrait of teenage angst. In BD all characters become one dimensional - mere shadows of their former selves.     SM's ability to tell a good story kept many readers hooked for three books.  While her own comparisions to literary classics such as Romeo and Juliet or Wuthering Heights were grating, she was given some slack in face of the sweetness of Twilight or the vivid loss in New Moon.      In short, the saga should have ended as a trilogy, and perhaps it would have been best to end with Twilight.
0679720200|5.0|I think to say some one doesn't like some one because they can't REALLY grasp/understand it is one of the most arrogant things some one can do, usually; but in this case its necessary.  The Stanger is nothing short of life-changing.  Simple fact.  People that don't admit it are either too stupid, too jealous, or too afraid to come to terms with it.      I say too afraid because of the implications of a philosophy so obviously true.  I say too jealous because most of this book seems like things a lot of people think but never end up saying and, well, getting so much credit for.  And I say stupid because this book is great and screw them.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this last book. I still can't completely understand why it's gotten such mixed reviews. If you're prudish about sex and violence then you probably shouldn't read Breaking Dawn... BUT if you felt like the last two books were a little too slow and innocent in their depictions of vampires and werewolves then I think you will be very satisfied with this last installment.
031606792X|3.0|Spoiler alert    Enjoyed most of the book. Great that Bella married Edward, why not?? Inexplicably, she has not a friend in the world to see her off except vampire Alice. The story begins with a bang, which is great, and the plot is feverish right through Bella's transformation. The wedding feels a little unreal.  Yet the story glides along pleasantly. The island honeymoon is romantic if scrubbed clean for the YA audience. The chapter from Jacob's point of view is a bumpy transition but one of the better sections.  I did wonder, why does Bella need a bodyguard to protect her from Edward? Would he really violate her wishes? Ultimately the birth of the baby works so well because Edward doesn't have to kill Bella to transform her. Instead he gets to save her with his fiery venom.  This is clever but feels a little like cheating.  The real problem is that Bella moving over the dark side is not the climax of the story, but the beginning of a more fantastical one. After this it is hard to recognize her.     I've concluded there's just one too many transformations of Bella in this book. She goes from love-struck teenager, to courageous mother-to-be, to newborn vampire with the strength of a transformer robot and the looks of \\"a freakin' supermodel\\".  So far so good but the changes keep coming. Bella has no identity crisis and every human in her path is safe.  Too bad. She is gifted and fortunate in so many ways **and** is destined to save her family and liberate her kind from tyranny of the ruling clan? Really? Humanity is apparently, overrated.  I wish the subplot was a whole separate book on the other side.     The Bella and Edward love story loses some its high wire tension (of course).  Early in the story Edward's devotion makes an impression but he is much less interesting after Bella's transformation. He hardly seems the same character now that he and Bella are on equal footing.  What fun is that?  For example he admits the whole bel canto thing is easily enough forgotten, not such a big deal after all.  Not exactly the romantic triumph the series deserves, is it? It is as if the author had nothing left to say about the two lives that started it all. So we move on to the baby. I think the book would have been just as satisfying if it ended as the new family lived happily in cottage in the woods. After this Alice goes missing and the Volturi threat takes over everything (I will never fully understand Alice's power).  Story is tied-up with nice red bow. Vampires and werewolves and humans live happily together side-by-side. Really??
031606792X|5.0|This is not the genre that I normally read and I will admit I did not see all the hype with the whole series until I started to read them. I was sucked it to this world that I would love to be a part of. The interaction between all the characters is great and it gets better and better.     The worst part about Breaking Dawn is the fact that it ended! I loved this conclusion because it gave you such a feeling of happiness and hope that Bella and Edward would indeed be together forever. It is the modern day Romeo and Juliet that will become a classic with every generation that reads it. It is truly magical.
0440238153|4.0|I confess I truly liked this trilogy.  I enjoyed the story and would recommend it to those people who liked books such as the Harry Potter series.    The three books together were compulsive reading with a tinge of sadness that it's now over, and the adventure has come to an end.    Having said that I do have a gripe and that is to do with the ending.   I just don't buy the idea that Lyra & Will would simply walk away with the ending that we are presented.     These kids were given some hefty challenges, faced some nasty characters and came out trumps.   And then we get the ending we did.    No sorry, to ask 12 & 13 year olds to calmly swallow, what I would call a cold, callous adult logic, didn't wash for me.   If they were so wholly in love, then it would take mths, years if at all, for them to come to a conclusion that definitive.   Most I think, in the absence of any other solution, would take the 10 years as a life time to enjoy and relish (and who knows what you can think of in 10 years).    But still I'm not the author and I have the feeling the ending was conceived long before the last chapters were ever crafted.    I would agree with some as to the title of the 3rd book.   The amber spy glass has little impact on the story.  When compared to the 1st two books their titles were significant objects within the books themselves (on a scale of 1 to 10 they would be 10s).    The amber spy glass as an object that impacts the story would rate at best as a 3 or 4.    But as I said I did enjoy the 3 books immensely, so if you are looking for a void to fill, I would recommend this trilogy.   However if you are looking for a feel good, rosie `happy ever after' type ending, you in for a shock.   The romantics may even require a tissue or two.       As a conclusion, I was interested to see that they didn't put the end of book one in the first film.  Why I can only speculate.   I'm now interested in seeing how they conclude the last film, and how true to the book they will remain.
0345495004|4.0|Having visited the Frank Lloyd Wright Home & Studio in Oak Park on vacation a few years ago, I was familiar with the tragic end of Frank and Mamah's relationship.  I was delighted to find this book that might explain the story in an interesting way.  While not giving any particular insight into Frank Lloyd Wright's intentions and feelings, the author Nancy Horan wrote a strong novel about Mamah's.      This book is well written, and Horan delved into Mamah's feminists beliefs and work.  But the middle of the book, centered around her work with feminist Ellen Key, was the least interesting to me.  It felt like Horan was trying to explain Mamah's abandonment of her children by illustrating how `forward thinking' she was.  I couldn't buy it.  This is not a complaint about the author or the book, but I could never understand how Mamah could walk away from her kids, and found it hard to suspend my judgement.  In any case, this book is interesting enough to be recommended.  Read it, and see what you think of Mamah.
B0013J9KOO|5.0|Wow!  I don't know how they keep doing it, but the HELLBOY franchise is sure going strong.  HELLBOY II:  THE GOLDEN ARMY is tons of fun.  Filled with great acting, weird and wonderful creatures,  terrific special effects, an engaging plot, and some very fun surprises, HELLBOY II appealed to my entire family (sans the wee one), and we all had a delightfully good time.<br /><br />Ron Perlman is a standout.  You can tell that is having the time of his life playing this character.  He makes this comic book hero real and believable, and his cat-loving Hellboy persona has great audience appeal.  You are just compelled to root for him.  The rest of the very talented cast, including Selma Blair as Liz and Doug Jones as Abe Sapien, are equally good, giving this film a well-rounded, top-notch company.<br /><br />The incredible creatures, good and bad alike, are a wonder to behold.  The CGI is marvelous, and you really can't tell where the make-up ends and the special effects begin.  The fantastical scene at the Troll Market under the foot of Brooklyn Bridge is a wild cross between the Star Wars Cantina and Harry Potter's Nocturn Alley.  I don't think such a wide array of amazing creatures has been seen on this side of the galaxy in a long, long time.  One truly outstanding and lovely creature is a giant forest elemental, both a bringer and destroyer of life.  Even as the \\"giant asparagus\\" is battling Hellboy, New York City becomes covered in gorgeous layer of green grass and flowers.  This incredible effect is beautiful and moving. And let's not forget the tooth fairies.  These tiny creatures are exceedingly well done.  And I don't think I will let my kids leave any more teeth under their pillows!<br /><br />HELLBOY II:  THE GOLDEN ARMY is a fast-paced, action-packed, rollicking good time.  I give this film my highest praise for being able to build upon the original HELLBOY, and take it up a notch.  So many sequels fail where this one succeeds.  Plus, where else can you see two drunken \\"monsters\\" singing Barry Manilow's \\"I Can't Smile Without You\\" while pining way over their love lives.  That side-splitting scene alone is clearly worth the price of admission...singing Barry Manilow's \\"I Can't Smile Without You\\" while pining way over their love lives.  That side-splitting scene alone is clearly worth the price of admission...
0756404746|5.0|This one really grabbed me from the get-go after I purchased it from *insert huge book chain that severely overcharges* and I ruined my sleep schedule to learn more about the protagonist's life. What an interesting and original world Rothfuss has created! I would recommend this to anyone ready to start a new series, who is ready to suspend their disbelief in magic and adventure.   What to know before reading: it's slightly dark and the beginning does not make *total* sense until you learn more about Kvothe's past. That having been said, it's well worth biding your time for more to be revealed and it's not muddled or confusing.   I must admit, there is one flaw: I have to wait until April for the next one... twiddling my thumbs until then...
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|When thinking about it most people outside the U.S. would be shocked and appalled at the blatant uncaring nature of the American Health Service. I can't honestly imagine being denied Health Care because of money troubles. I suppose that I should consider myself lucky that I live in the UK, a country that puts a persons health before a profit.<br /><br />Many people claim Moore to be a propagandist who's just utilising this subject matter in order to make a quick dollar. That may be true, but there's no denying that he brings to light some of the real injustices of the world. Fahrenheit 9/11 was Moore's biggest success and became the most successful documentary of all time. That was for a reason. It showed the blatant government corruption and stupidity when relating to the 9/11 attacks and the war on terror. Sicko is along the same lines, yet it focuses on government corruption, stupidity and greed when relating to the health of the American people.<br /><br />Sicko is a two hour piece that manages to hold my attention throughout, even for a documentary. It gives a good blend of true life emotional stories and satirical interviewing when Moore, playing the stupid American, interviews Doctors in countries that have free health care. One of the more shocking segments is showing that Hillary Rodham Clinton used to fight for free universal Health care. It shows how she was bought out by the American Medical Association, simply showing that even those who pretend to care have a price.<br /><br />We are given an insight into the insurance companies who claim they exist through simply caring for the people. That's not the case though, as we were given a list of pre-existing medical conditions which could exempt an American citizen from getting insured. It showed how actual Doctors who got into profession to help people, were denying insurance claims simply to make the companies more money. At times this would even cost a patient their life.<br /><br />During the documentary we are also shown how Americans were convinced universal Health care was a bad idea, by labelling it Socialist Medical Care. This idea convinced people that if they didn't have the type of system that have today, then it would take away their freedom to choose which doctor they could be treated by or which Hospital they could be treated in. In this a video is played which shows how this system first began through the power of Richard Nixon. This system was brought about through the idea that giving people less care would increase profits. The land of the free and home of the brave indeed.<br /><br />A truly shocking and at times upsetting documentary that everyone needs to see. The sad thing is that Moore's documentary wont change a thing with the Medical system.ans were convinced universal Health care was a bad idea, by labelling it Socialist Medical Care. This idea convinced people that if they didn't have the type of system that have today, then it would take away their freedom to choose which doctor they could be treated by or which Hospital they could be treated in. In this a video is played which shows how this system first began through the power of Richard Nixon. This system was brought about through the idea that giving people less care would increase profits. The land of the free and home of the brave indeed.    A truly shocking and at times upsetting documentary that everyone needs to see. The sad thing is that Moore's documentary wont change a thing with the Medical system.
B00005JPY0|5.0|The Dark Knight (Christopher Nolan, 2008)<br /><br />Okay, the simple fact of the matter is that everything about The Dark Knight simply screams \\"Oscars\\". Even if it weren't, as of this writing, sitting at #1 on the IMDB top 250, even if it didn't have a 94% rating on Rotten Tomatoes (the other 6% are all from New York City, oddly), even if it weren't simply the best damn thing since sliced bread. While The Dark Knight may not be the best comic book adaptation ever brought to screen-- that honor still goes, and will likely always go, to Akira-- it's certainly the closest I've ever seen to pushing the king off the hill.<br /><br />Nolan's relentlessly dark thriller has all the main cast returning from Batman Begins with the exception of Katie Holmes, who's replaced by a slightly-less-dead-looking Maggie Gyllenhaal. So right off the bat you have Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, and Gary Oldman reprising their roles. Put those four in a movie and I'm going to see it, no matter what it is. (Cillian Murphy also returns, but in a different role.) Then you add on Gyllenhaal, Aaron Eckhart, Eric Roberts, Anthony Michael Hall (yes, Batman Howser, MD!), William Fichtner, Michael Jai White, and a host of others; do you really need anything more than the cast sitting around shooting the bull about last night's Lakers game to make this riveting? In case you do, cinematographer Marcus Pfister, whose work was nominated for a well-deserved Oscar for Batman Begins, also returns, and this time, the Nolan Brothers wrote the screenplay themselves. You know, the guys who wrote Memento. Yeah, that got an Oscar nomination, too (and was robbed-- come on, are you really going to tell me you can defend Gosford Park?).<br /><br />And then there's Heath Ledger. If ever there were a gimme for Best Supporting Actor...<br /><br />I admit that going into the movie I assumed, having watched more than enough Heath Ledger movies in my time, that much of the flap surrounding Ledger's performance was based on the fact that the man had recently died. (Thus the gimme angle above.) I mean, the guy's done some good work, but really, all those raves? Is he really that good an actor and no one ever noticed? Well, the answer is \\"yeah, he really is that good\\". I've never seen anything in Ledger's earlier movies that even hints he could have pulled off something like this. As a piece of acting, it's truly a revelation, and makes it all the more depressing that his life ended so early. Like River Phoenix, Ledger suddenly got good, then shuffled off.<br /><br />Given that, what's most surprising is that Ledger's performance overshadows exactly no one here (in the way, say, that Nicholson overshadowed Keaton in Tim Burton's twenty-year-old version); Nolan gave his main ensemble enough space in this two-and-a-half-hour movie that they could all shine. (Or flop, though only one of them does.) I do wish some of the parts had been larger (the great, and highly underrated, William Fichtner got totally robbed), but you get what you get, and I can't really complain. Well, okay, I can. Bale seems awfully emo here after Robert Downey Jr.'s peppy Iron Man, and it's not just his acting; other characters in the film comment on it. Okay, fine, brood, brood, brood. And it's not that Bale's not good at brooding, viz. the wonderful El Maquinista, it just seems a bit... overdone, you know? (Never forget that Nolan is the guy who directed the awful, overwrought remake of Insomnia.) However, Nolan plays off Batman's relentless brooding with a bunch of characters who basically spend the entire film saying \\"cheer up, emo kid\\", including Freeman, Caine, and Gyllenhaal (and Eckhart, once the two of them get to know one another). It injects a much-needed note of comedy into the film at times.<br /><br />Here I am two-thirds of the way through a thousand-word review I had no idea was going to be a thousand words, and I haven't said word one about the technical details. If this movie doesn't sweep the tech Oscars, something is very, very wrong. Pfister's cinematography is just as good as it was last time, if not better. The set design is about as impressive as any I've seen recently (the closest comparison I can make is to Dark City, or perhaps The City of Lost Children for the more fantastical aspects). Nolan's direction is a bit heavy-handed, but who cares? This is not a movie that will in any way tickle your subtle bone; it's a face-to-the-floor action thriller, awash in violence that I can in no way call \\"cartoon\\" with a straight face. Jack Nicholson's joker was appropriate for the time, twenty years ago, when Tim Burton made the first modern Batman adaptation; he was cartoonish, obnoxious, somewhat shallow, and absolutely the bad guy to Michael Keaton's troubled, but still golden, boy. Heath ledger's joker is something entirely different, and far more mentally disturbed. Some critics have argued that the film's unrepentant, and unrelenting, nihilism is going to teach the youth of America bad stuff. I ask whether that's a bad thing, and point out that all this movie does is reflect the climate in which it was made. Christopher Nolan has not created a fluffy piece of escapism here. He's created a thoughtful, if angry, film about a guy who was never a golden boy in the first place, except maybe on television. The Dark Knight is a phenomenal film, easily one of the best I've seen this year (including a large number of classic movies). Is it the best movie ever, as IMDB's voters would lead us to believe? I don't think so. But then, Billy Wilder's (arguably) best flick, Ace in the Hole, was raked over the coals by contemporary critics. Time will tell. **** very wrong. Pfister's cinematography is just as good as it was last time, if not better. The set design is about as impressive as any I've seen recently (the closest comparison I can make is to Dark City, or perhaps The City of Lost Children for the more fantastical aspects). Nolan's direction is a bit heavy-handed, but who cares? This is not a movie that will in any way tickle your subtle bone; it's a face-to-the-floor action thriller, awash in violence that I can in no way call \\"cartoon\\" with a straight face. Jack Nicholson's joker was appropriate for the time, twenty years ago, when Tim Burton made the first modern Batman adaptation; he was cartoonish, obnoxious, somewhat shallow, and absolutely the bad guy to Michael Keaton's troubled, but still golden, boy. Heath ledger's joker is something entirely different, and far more mentally disturbed. Some critics have argued that the film's unrepentant, and unrelenting, nihilism is going to teach the youth of America bad stuff. I ask whether that's a bad thing, and point out that all this movie does is reflect the climate in which it was made. Christopher Nolan has not created a fluffy piece of escapism here. He's created a thoughtful, if angry, film about a guy who was never a golden boy in the first place, except maybe on television. The Dark Knight is a phenomenal film, easily one of the best I've seen this year (including a large number of classic movies). Is it the best movie ever, as IMDB's voters would lead us to believe? I don't think so. But then, Billy Wilder's (arguably) best flick, Ace in the Hole, was raked over the coals by contemporary critics. Time will tell. **** 
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|This adaption of the book is (nearly) perfect. A few liberties were taken that I didn't agree with (especially in the ending), but all in all this is a fantastic adaption and I adored it. The leads were chosen perfectly. Ruth Wilson is perfect - her portrayal of Jane is absolutely spot on. Toby Stephens is all anyone could ask for in a Mr. Rochester. I was absolutely swept away, I am not ashamed to admit. Although he is certainly not  \\"ugly\\" or \\"hideous\\", there is something about him that kind of evokes Rochester... he was perfect. And the chemistry is insane. I've never experienced the story so full of passion and emotion, although I've read the book three times, and I just love how the characters are brought to life.   Other than the above-mentioned liberties taken with details in the story line, I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this adaption. It is amazing. Enough said.
B000YENUI6|4.0|Eastern Promises (David Cronenberg, 2007)<br /><br />Film critic Jim Emerson has said that the central fight scene in Eastern Promises is \\"sure to go down as a raw, brutal, and pulse-pounding landmark in the history of fight scenes....If a fight scene doesn't make you feel like you're a part of it, so that it quickens your heartbeat and your breathing, then it's a failure.\\" (Scanners, Sept. 10, 2007) And yes, Eastern Promises joins that very small list of modern movies-- They Live, Girlfight, Fight Club-- that will give you a bloody nose just watching them. (Oddly, I haven't seen anyone comparing the fight scene in Eastern Promises to its obvious cognate in A History of Violence, the infamous scene on the stairs.) Looking at the fight, by itself, is a good way to drive into the core of David Cronenberg's genius, the uncanny ability to unnerve us with the body that he's displayed in the thirty-two years between his first big-screen production, Shivers, and now. Cronenberg is an auteur of bodily horror; even if he seems to have retired from the explicitly-gross genre after the beautiful, underrated eXistenZ and gone into the more mainstream thriller, these scenes have the same effect, albeit more muted, than the shocking birth scene of The Brood or the head explosion in Scanners: scenes that are no less shocking thirty years later, despite so many pale imitations, and despite our tolerance as a culture for movie violence being so much higher than it was in the late seventies.<br /><br />Eastern Promises is, at its heart, a love story, just as A History of Violence was before it (and, for that matter, as The Brood was before that). It starts when Russian gangster Nikolai (Viggo Mortensen, whose penchant for accents never fails to amaze me) meets Anna (Naomi Watts), a midwife who discovers the diary of a woman who died in childbirth and wants to return it to the woman's family. The contents of the diary, when translated, tie the leader of the gang Mortensen's working to the child. After finding out Anna's Russian uncle read the diary, the gang leader (Armin Mueller-Stahl) orders the uncle killed, and the thriller part of the film begins. But-- and this is odd for a Cronenberg film-- the thriller plot almost takes a backseat to the relationship between Nikolai and Anna, who are so obviously meant for one another and, of course, can't be together.<br /><br />Ah, but then there's the fight scene, which is at best tangential, but during which Cronenberg's body horror resuscitates itself and comes roiling to the fore. The actors themselves did the entire scene, no stuntmen, and if the sound effects were later overdubbed, they were overdubbed with the actual sounds of fists on flesh, which are so notably absent (replaced by more dramatic sound effects) from so many other films. It's the fight scene that shows us Cronenberg's attention to detail and passion for realism in his films, even when those films are far beyond the bounds of the real. It's these things that made me see films such as Scanners and Videodrome as successes, back when I first saw them (and, still, today; Scanners sits high on my list of the best movies ever made). And when you take such a philosophy and put it into a film that actually realistic, how can you not come up with a winner?<br /><br />The movie does everything Hollywood doesn't. It's tense without consciously creating tension, dramatic without consciously creating drama. It's a love story that has no love whatsoever in it, just two people who are civil to one another when they should by rights be clawing each other's eyes out. How it can work, and work so very well, is something Hollywood has forgotten, and it's why I find myself liking so many foreign films better than their Hollywood cognates. (Eastern Promises, done by a Canadian director and filmed entirely on location in London, written by a British guy, is foreign enough to count as foreign, for the purposes of this discussion.) Those of you who previously dismissed Cronenberg as a horror director, it's time to go back and re-evaluate his new career as a director of crime thrillers; perhaps, once you see what he's on about here, you'll find yourself with a great deal more appreciation for what he did in his older movies. ****horror director, it's time to go back and re-evaluate his new career as a director of crime thrillers; perhaps, once you see what he's on about here, you'll find yourself with a great deal more appreciation for what he did in his older movies. ****
1582701709|1.0|I came into contact with this book when a friend received it and became an instant disciple. I say that because she became almost transfixed with trying to live \\"the secret\\" in all aspects of her life. The result was that after one year, she was just as frustrated and unhappy but now was heavily into blaming herself for \\"creating negativity\\" and other such nonsense.     I do think that some people in life are going to be happy and that some are going to be unhappy, irrespective of their specific circumstances. The film \\"Schindler's List\\" has a great scene in it where some Jews were relocated to a ghetto, and one man is seen comforting his wife saying \\"It could always be worse\\"...I think THAT is \\"The Secret\\" - to always look for the good in any situation and changing what you can to achieve happiness, while accepting that some things will be beyond your control.     The other downside to this book is the propensity it promotes to blame the victim. Sometimes people get sick, lose jobs, are raped or suffer from circumstances beyond their control. By the premise of this book, people like this are to be avoided and basically blamed for what happens to them. I would never want to be a part of any culture that blames a victim for what is beyond them.     All that said, someone far brighter than I am once wrote \\"There is no good or bad, only the heart that makes it so\\"...In other words, you will see the inherent good or bad in any situation, so keep it positive.
B0013FSL3E|3.0|Wall-E (Andrew Stanton, 2008)<br /><br />Wall-E, as I write this, is currently sitting at #26 on IMDB's Top 250, making it not only, for the moment, the most beloved Pixar film of all time (Finding Nemo, at #148, ranks second), but the most beloved animated film of all time (Spirited Away, at #58, coming in second). It also rates an almost unimaginable (given the number of reviews collected, one hundred ninety-nine) 96% at Rotten Tomatoes. Well, someone has to choke on the fishbone. I thought Wall-E was great-- when it wasn't awful.<br /><br />I'd thought Cars was just a bump in the road when Pixar released the infinitely superior Ratatouille the year after; Ratatouille showed Pixar still knew how to couch its social criticism in a worthwhile story and have fun with the whole mess. Now, however, I'm starting to wonder if Ratatouille is actually the bump in the road, because Wall-E brings back Cars' tired old hit-you-in-the-face-with-a-sledgehammer approach to social commentary. Oh, the stupid, it burns. And for the record, I'm not talking about the human race scooting around in jet-propelled lounge chairs, which seemed to be the focus of the scorn of the rest of the very few other critics who panned this movie; I'm talking about the even more tired \\"WE'RE KILLING THE PLANET!!!oneone!!\\" message that so disgusted me about Happy Feet, and that it seems one cannot make a kids' movie today without bowing to. (Except, of course, for Ratatouille, and, um, everything Pixar did previous to Cars-- you know, back when Pixar knew how to make movies, not animated political statements.)<br /><br />But, you know, I could have dealt with that had the entire movie been like the first half-hour, which was an exercise in one-man film. Two-man film is always an intriguing thing, and more often than not it works like gangbusters (My Dinner with Andre, Closetland, most of Hard Candy), but one-man film is something most moviemakers wouldn't even dare to try. Everyone who's tried to adapt I Am Legend? Yeah, like that. Pixar shows, conclusively, that you can do it in the first half-hour of Wall-E, which depicts Wall-E and his pet cockroach going about their daily business-- building bricks of garbage and forming them into high-rises that tower over the tallest buildings in what looked suspiciously like an animated version of New York City. Wall-E is the last of his kind; we see hundreds of other garbage collectors that have broken down in the scenery. (Wall-E keeps himself running by cannibalizing parts from the dead guys. If this were a live-action movie, folks, Disney wouldn't go anywhere near it.) Wall-E has also developed a personality, and a liking for odd things; he has a collection of butane lighters, for example. So when, in the shell of a refrigerator, he finds a small green shoot, he digs it up, sticks it in an old boot, and takes it back to his hangar. Pay attention, because that shoot is the lynchpin on which the entire rest of the movie turns. However, if I get any farther into it, we'll be entering spoiler territory-- though I believe I may have been the last American left who hadn't seen the movie, and I'm reviewing it a couple of weeks later. In any case, when the world Pixar had created was given to us like this, when its only context was itself, I had no problem with the obvious environmental-consciousness junk. It only surfaced when context was given to it-- a couple of brief, but blindingly anti-capitalist, scenes in the first thirty minutes, and then a more sustained attack once the film's plot gets rolling.<br /><br />It's going to be tough to criticize the film from here on out without getting into spoiler territory, but I'll say that the great paradox of Wall-E is that part of the reason the enviro-junk is so offensive is precisely because the rest of the plot works so very well. It's almost as if Wall-E were originally two different movies; a short film about a robot on a planet building mounds of garbage, and an updated, outer-space version of Metropolis or R. U. R.. And both of them on their own stood mighty well. It was in the intersection where things fell apart.<br /><br />In any case, the good stuff? I don't think I need to tell you about the good stuff, assuming you've seen a Pixar movie or two. They're the best at what they do, technically, they've got an incredible stable of voice actors, and the guys who storyboard this stuff are just as competent in the direction department as the actual director. (Not surprising; the writers here, aside from director Andrew Stanton, were Pete Docter, the director of Monsters, Inc.-- Pixar's finest moment to date-- and Jim Reardon, who's directed thirty episodes of The Simpsons.) Pixar has a vision, and when that vision works, they crank out some of the best films imaginable. When it finds a pothole, the bounce-back can kill you. ** R. U. R.. And both of them on their own stood mighty well. It was in the intersection where things fell apart.    In any case, the good stuff? I don't think I need to tell you about the good stuff, assuming you've seen a Pixar movie or two. They're the best at what they do, technically, they've got an incredible stable of voice actors, and the guys who storyboard this stuff are just as competent in the direction department as the actual director. (Not surprising; the writers here, aside from director Andrew Stanton, were Pete Docter, the director of Monsters, Inc.-- Pixar's finest moment to date-- and Jim Reardon, who's directed thirty episodes of The Simpsons.) Pixar has a vision, and when that vision works, they crank out some of the best films imaginable. When it finds a pothole, the bounce-back can kill you. ** 
0439882826|5.0|Robert Sabuda and his protg, Matthew Reinhart, have brought pop-up books back into the mainstream, not only as concept and novelty books for very young children but as genuine works of art and engineering. Their wonderful creations attract readers of all ages, and many a Sabuda/Reinhart project has found its way to coffee tables alongside glossy art books. Reinhart's latest solo effort, STAR WARS: A POP-UP GUIDE TO THE GALAXY, is another such project that will find an audience not only among young readers but also among aficionados of paper engineering and, most importantly, nostalgic adult fans of the Star Wars franchise who will revel in this volume, timed to coincide with the 30th anniversary of the first Star Wars film.    Reinhart, like many adults his age, was raised on the Star Wars mythology, and his knowledge of and appreciation for the Star Wars universe is apparent through the details he integrates into his paper creations, as well as in his dedication \\"to the visionary artists of STAR WARS, who fashioned a wondrous, distant galaxy with words, paint, clay, sound, and celluloid, inspiring generations of young artists around the world.\\" The text itself is rich, dense, detailed and filled with the facts, figures and history of the fantastic world George Lucas created.    The book focuses primarily on the characters and events of the three original Star Wars movies, although certain elements of the mythology do come from Episodes 1-3. Topics for the two-page spreads include the geography of the galaxy, discussions of the galaxy's social and political structures, descriptions of vehicles, the history of conflicts between the Rebels and the Empire, and Luke Skywalker's story. Since this is more of an encyclopedic guide rather than a storybook, the text does not focus on any single storyline or tell a unified narrative. Instead, it assumes its readers already know the films' plotlines and fills in the details on everything from the origins of the criminal underworld to the technical specifications of R2-D2 and C-3PO.    The design of STAR WARS: A POP-UP GUIDE TO THE GALAXY will be familiar to fans of Reinhart's and Sabuda's other projects, particularly the Encyclopedia Prehistorica series. Each two-page spread consists of a large pop-up feature at its center (examples include the Millennium Falcon and a menacing Darth Vader mask), as well as several smaller, text-heavy foldout \\"mini books\\" on a certain theme, each of which may also contain one or more smaller pop-up constructions. These nested \\"books within a book\\" result in an unusually rich, interactive reading experience that will keep fans young and old poring over the pages for hours.    The advertised highlights of the illustrations are Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker's working lightsabers, which turn on when their mini-books are opened. As Yoda would say, though, \\"Patient you must be\\" --- the lightsabers in my review copy took a good 10-15 seconds to light up after the page was opened.    STAR WARS: A POP-UP GUIDE TO THE GALAXY is a tour de Force --- the perfect gift idea for fans, no matter what their age.        --- Reviewed by Norah Piehl
0307346617|4.0|Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War (Crown, 2006)<br /><br />If Studs Terkel were not still alive, I have little doubt that buy now, we'd have already had the companion volume to this book, telling the story of the zombie war from the other side. But Studs still clings to life (he's ninety-six as I write this, and for all I know he's still writing), and so we have only one side of the great Zombie War depicted here. Still, for those of us who lived through it, perhaps that's enough.<br /><br />What, you don't remember the zombie war? Well, I'm not entirely surprised. Fewer and fewer people do. It's amazing how short our collective memory is. That's part of the reason Max Brooks wrote this book-- so that people wouldn't forget, that they'd have something to hold on to, some artifact they can consult. It's the same reason Terkel wrote his oral history of World War II; we all learn the dates and places in history class, but who ever dredges it up again, unless they go on to become history professors and propagate the same information? Terkel's book tells us what the battlegrounds were like from the perspectives of those, most of whom are now gone, who were actually there. So does Brooks'. No one who reads this will ever hear \\"Yonkers\\" and just think of a date and an event. You get an actual veteran telling the story and you can hear the explosions. You can taste the dirt. You can hear the moaning of the enemy. And Brooks captures it, as he captures the many other voices in this tome, by standing back and letting these folks tell it like they saw it.<br /><br />This is an impressive compendium of voices, now that I'm n the subject. Men and women from around the globe, from the northern wastes of Canada to the South Pole (with the obvious exception of Iceland), offer their stories here. Some of them are still understandably bitter. Some are just angry. Some resilient, some defeated, some poignant. All of them together, give the clearest picture of a global conflict I've ever run across. Max Brooks is, truly, to be commended for his investigative work on this project, and his desire not to let the Zombie War fade until it becomes nothing more than a bad nightmare. For, as we all know, those who do not repeat history are doomed to learn from it. ****ver run across. Max Brooks is, truly, to be commended for his investigative work on this project, and his desire not to let the Zombie War fade until it becomes nothing more than a bad nightmare. For, as we all know, those who do not repeat history are doomed to learn from it. ****
B0017VG69U|5.0|It cracks me up when people are posting reviews on the remastered 2nd season of Star Trek before it was even available. I just finished watching the last episode. All I have to say is wow! The new effects really inject new life into my favorite TV show of all time. Everybody is raving about \\"The Doomsday Machine,\\" but other episodes that have benefited are \\"Journey to Babel,\\" and \\"The Ultimate Computer,\\" also \\"The Immunity Syndrome\\" is actually watchable now. Pity Gene Roddenberry didn't live to see how great his show could look. My recommendation.. buy it! and rediscover the best of all three seasons of TOS.
B000OVLBGC|3.0|The Lives of Others (Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, 2006)<br /><br />Been mulling this one over for quite a while, trying to figure out how to review it. Much of my problem stems from the fact that I don't seem to have been nearly as impressed with this movie as everyone else was; the pacing is awful, the screenplay, despite moments of brilliance, is often wooden, and the camerawork is, for the most part, uninspired. I've seen a good number of movies of this sort, most recently Sophie Scholl: The Final Days, and this one just doesn't hold up in comparison. (And really, winning the Best Foreign Film Oscar over El Laberinto del Fauno? There's really no comparison.)<br /><br />Ulrich Muhe, the movie's highlight, plays Gerd Wiesner, a Stasi agent in East Germany in the 1980s, who spies on other people for a living. His old school friend, Anton Grubitz (Ulrich Tukur), now a Stasi higher-up, contracts Wiesner to do surveillance on a playwright named Georg Dreyman (Sebastian Koch) and his leading-lady girlfriend Christa-Maria (Martina Gedeck). Wiesner is initially confused, as Dreyman seems to be the perfect Socialist; his plays are beloved of the State, none of his writing has ever been banned, etc. But Wiesner knew from the start that Grubitz had an ulterior motive for having Dreyman watched. Resentful that his services are being used in such a way, when Wiesner finds out that Dreyman is not the upstanding citizen everyone believes, he risks it all to cover for Dreyman.<br /><br />The Lives of Others would probably have been a great film had von Donnersmarck (who, as everyone says, really is that good; it's impossible to tell this is the work of a first-time director, though he might have been served by hiring a better cinematographer) known whether he wanted to make a spy thriller, an existential drama, or a love story. Now, we all know it's possible to combine the three and come up with a winner (the Bourne movies, and about a quarter of Hitchcock's output, would qualify), but-- and I realize I'm very much in the minority on this-- I don't think they work here. Von Donnersmarck and editor Patricia Rommel failed to give the movie the pace required for a spy thriller. The characters are certainly deep enough for an existential drama, but in achieving that depth, the love story often gets shunted out of the way. Then suddenly someone realizes what's going on and some other portion of the plot thread gets picked up, and all the work of pushing the existential drama to the fore gets dumped. Von Donnersmarck, obviously, is not a juggler.<br /><br />Now, despite all that I'm saying, I did enjoy the film somewhat. I just couldn't get past its flaws the way everyone else seemed to. ** ize I'm very much in the minority on this-- I don't think they work here. Von Donnersmarck and editor Patricia Rommel failed to give the movie the pace required for a spy thriller. The characters are certainly deep enough for an existential drama, but in achieving that depth, the love story often gets shunted out of the way. Then suddenly someone realizes what's going on and some other portion of the plot thread gets picked up, and all the work of pushing the existential drama to the fore gets dumped. Von Donnersmarck, obviously, is not a juggler.    Now, despite all that I'm saying, I did enjoy the film somewhat. I just couldn't get past its flaws the way everyone else seemed to. ** 
B0006AAS5G|4.0|It is pretty shiny and the style is clean. I don't really have any problems for this watch other than the fact that the glass is not sapphire crystal. I have to be extra careful not to scratch it up. Its a good watch though but I only had it for a few days to really tell if its sturdy and keeps time. This is my first invicta watch. None the less it looks good
B00005JPS8|4.0|Iron Man (Jon Favreau, 2008)<br /><br />Wait, Jon Favreau directed this? The guy who did Elf? And Zathura? Someone must have messed up the credits, because I find it well-nigh impossible to believe that someone who could have unleashed those monstrosities on the world could make not only a credible, but an exceptionally enjoyable, action thriller. And yet here it is, in all its glory, Iron Man.<br /><br />Robert Downey, Jr. is one of those guys who pops up in movies when he's out of rehab and either wipes the floor with the entire rest of the cast (Chaplin, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang) or kind of fades into the woodwork (Gothika, a movie I'm sure everyone involved would love to forget). This is a mopping-the-floor performance, which is even more impressive given the caliber of the rest of the cast; Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub, Terrence Howard, Gwyneth Paltrow, Leslie Bibb, and Favreau himself all turn in good performances, but nothing on this screen at any time can touch Downey, who plays a much friendlier and more nave Tony Stark than I've been used to seeing in comics recently. (Interesting that The Dark Knight and the upcoming Watchmen are all about making the superheroes more human and gritty, while Iron Man wants to get back to almost golden-era-comics-like exaggeration and strong lines between the good guys and the bad guys.) As a result, the bad guys come off as even more evil, and in the opening scenes this could easily have been played in a ham-handed-racist sort of way. I don't doubt there are those who will take that interpretation away from the first half-hour of this movie, in fact, but to me it came off more like Three Kings; the terrorist-as-bad-guy approach is topical, rather than racially-based, and you could have stuck in any nationality. In other words, it's not about the Arabs.<br /><br />This is a fun movie, very well-done all around. It has the unfortunate distinction of being released in the same year as The Dark Knight, which is likely to eclipse every other superhero movie released in 2008, but it's such an entirely different film in tone that the two make very good foils for one another. Quite enjoyable, and well worth your time. ****released in 2008, but it's such an entirely different film in tone that the two make very good foils for one another. Quite enjoyable, and well worth your time. ****
031606792X|2.0|I really enjoyed the first three books in this series and I was really looking forward to reading \\"Breaking Dawn\\" Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. The book starts off well in the first few chapters but it just goes downhill from there.  Bella and Edward should have been enough for each other. They did not need to have a child to \\"complete\\" them. If this was truly an epic love story, then Bella and Edward would have been enough for each other.  The climax, well, there really was no climax. No excitement just a whole lot of characters standing around talking.  The ending was just not what I expected. It was too \\"happy\\" and \\"perfect.\\" I would have preferred the story to be full of tragedy and darkness.  I was really looking forward to Bella FINALLY becoming a vampire but when she did, I could not enjoy it because I kept thinking how wrong it was for Bella to have that child. And who names a child such a silly name?  I recommend that you read the first three books in this series, they are much better. As for this book, read it if you must only because it's the last book in the series. But this book is not worth buying. Just borrow it from someone instead.
B001CXW8CW|5.0|In Christopher Nolan's first interpretation of the Caped Crusader, \\"Batman Begins\\", he hints at the notion that Batman will always be a controversial or vigilante figure, never fully accepted by society-at-large.  In this film, that theme is explored in-depth, as Batman comes face-to-face with his most difficult challenge: stopping a figure, The Joker, who is more like The Bat then Bruce Wayne (or, in turn, the audience) wants to admit.<br /><br />The central theme of this film, then, has the marvelously insane Joker (played brilliantly by the late Heath Ledger) pitted against our \\"heroic\\" Batman.  Of course, things are not that black and white.  As the movie begins, with Batman leading the police force's effort to crack down on mob crime, this creates a back-lash of sorts that makes Batman responsible for every nefarious deed committed by the Joker.  The conundrum is this: Although Batman created The Joker through vigilante methods, those same vigilante methods are the only way to stop the cackling madman.<br /><br />Essentially, every scene in this film is either a sight to behold, or gripping emotional drama.  Any scene featuring Ledger's Joker is brilliant, while Christian Bale takes his Wayne/Batman character up a notch in intensity from the first film.  The penultimate confrontation between the two will have you on the edge of your seat.  The action scenes are also a notch better than Nolan's first effort, as they are filmed with IMAX cameras that lend themselves to incredible, sprawling action.<br /><br />Finally, the ensemble cast featuring Aaron Eckhart, Michael Caine, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Gary Oldman, and Morgan Freeman are spot-on in their respective roles.<br /><br />If you are at all a fan of superhero movies, I can nearly guarantee that this film will top your list after viewing.  Even if you typically don't care for this genre, the acting is so tremendous, the action is so riveting, and the drama is so thought-provoking that you will feel like you just watched an Oscar-worthy masterpiece.  I only need two hands to list the movies that warrant multiple viewings by me, but when this film lands on DVD I will snap it up again in a heartbeat.ece.  I only need two hands to list the movies that warrant multiple viewings by me, but when this film lands on DVD I will snap it up again in a heartbeat.
031606792X|4.0|CAUTION! THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS.    While I thought Breaking Dawn, the fourth and last book of the Twilight saga, was good I didn't think it was great. The book seemed to lack the fire and the passion the first three have, and that made the story seem flat. Some things, like the wedding, happen too soon while some things should not have happened at all, such as Bella having a baby. I felt the whole pregnancy and giving birth threw Bella into adulthood much too quickly, especially afte she spent the first three books behaving immaturely and selfishly.   One thing that I thought would happen but didn't was a showdown with the Volturi. I expected a fight been the ancient guardians of the vampire secret and the Cullent family. Instead, we are given a mental showdown that is won by Bella, the newest and least experienced vampire. Bella being the heroine seemed to deviate from Meyer's characterization of her in the other three books. Suddenly Bella's self-consciousness and low self-esteem have vanished and are replaced with a confident, almost mature Bella. While I fully expected some things, like Bella's clumsiness to disappear, I did not expect a total personality change. After becoming a vampire, the Bella we either loved or hated in the first three books is gone, and that was a bit of a disappointment.  I also did not like how passive Edward seemed in Breaking Dawn when in the previous books he was a passionate man of action. He almost seemed like a wimp this time around. This is especially evident in his willingness to let Rosalie be in charge of Bella during the pregnancy. Edward just sat around and stared out the window a lot. Totally out of character for him.  I did like the maturity and sense of humour Meyer gave Jacob Black. I felt that was a real improvement over the his immaturity in the second and third books. However, I didn't like his seemingly increased need for Bella and his inablility to just leave. It felt like he was on a yoyo, moreso than in the other three books.  Finally I felt the overall plot was way too unrealistic based on the other three books. In the first three, Meyer did an excellent job of making it seem totally possible that vampires and werewolves could exist in our society today. But in Breaking Dawn she moves away from the sense of reality into the unbelievable fantasy, and that seems to weaken the plot. Events happen that are so far out of the realm of possibility that it border on the ridiculous. The book is also lacking subplots that help to keep the reader's interest and create twists in the main plot. This book moved straight from point a to point b with no deviation, no surprises that keep you on the edge of your seat.  Inspite of my disappointment in some elements of the book, I did enjoy reading it and ultimately having what I wanted to happen happen. I do recommend Breaking Dawn to readers 13 and older. Any  younger and I think the reader would be too weirded out by some of the things that happen.
B00007JMCX|1.0|Good actor/bad movie:  Very strange movie and not worth the caliber of actor that is David Bowe.  The movie content is unrealistic.  Why a good-looking, rich man like David Bowe would have anything to do with a brainless bimbo like the motel maid he hooked up with (until she got old and fat) is not believable.  They could have written it where he met a beautiful, intelligent and sensitive woman who enriched his life as he traveled through it as an alien until he outlived her - something like the Highlander - so that the movie had some merit with a quality actor like David.  Since he has so few movies as it is, I put it in my library as a collector item, only.  Sorry, I'm afraid I have to rate it as a C-.
0375842209|5.0|A rare opportunity to experience the insight of Germany life during the war. It can be a little bit depressive in the beginning, but the story is extremely well developed. I hope it remains popular for generations.
0525950079|1.0|I simply cannot believe that this was written by Ken Follett.  Abortion, murder, sodomy, lesbianism- all involving the members of the town's convent and priory as well as its bishop?  A nun, who later becomes prioress, who doesn;t believe in God?  Who is allowed to simply be released from her vows after ten or so years, after taking them in the first place to prevent being burned as a witch? This same nun has an abortion, and an on again, off again affair with her long time love, has an abortion, refuses to marry him on more than one occasion, but won;t allow him to find a wife of his own?  The main character's selfishness is simply appalling, even more so in that she is a religious.  What anti Catholic drivel.  21st century \\"moral\\" standards transported smack dab into the middle of the 14th century.  Plot was completely unbelievable and poorly written.  Too much nonsense for this to be considered \\"historical\\" fiction.  Fiction yes, historical, not in this life.  Will not read anything by this author again, and I will now endeavor to unload this garbage on ebay.  If unsuccessful at that, will simply relegate it to the trash.
1594489505|5.0|It is a kind of Stephen King in the Taliban Afghanistan. It is a horror story. Gorgeously written. You live and die for the characters. You breath with them.
B000X3VN46|5.0|This album is beauty and perfection from start to finish. It's not a substitute for old Nightwish, but it does a much better job at easing the pain of Tarja's departure than \\"Dark Passion Play\\". The tracks range from gothic and metal to soft and ethereal, but they all showcase her amazing vocals. Some were instant favorites and some grew on me over time, but after a few weeks I adore every single track. In fact, I'm listening to \\"Oasis\\" right now :).
0743298020|4.0|Another fun reading. A lot of references to the English literature and the outcome works fairly well. Not very deep, but I enjoy reading it.
B000088E77|4.0|I give this five stars for the performance--I still enjoy listening to MAW after more than 25 years. The original band had great chemistry and \\"Down Under\\" has joined \\"Waltzing Matilda\\" as an unofficial Australian national anthem. I give the programming 3 1/2 due to the omission of the B-side \\"Anyone for Tennis\\" (I had to rip it from my old 45--check it out on YouTube) and the inclusion of live tracks from the still available \\"Brazil\\" album. Contemporaneous live tracks would have been much more enjoyable, and there were a few live songs that never made it to record.    Contrary to the notes, \\"F 19\\" was released in the US--just barely. It was originally the B-side of \\"Be Good Johnny,\\" the band's third single for CBS Australia. That single was never released in the US, but \\"F 19\\" finally appeared stateside in 1983 on a 12\\" with \\"It's a Mistake\\" and a remix of \\"Who Can It Be Now?\\" I know because I have one. Justice was done here, because \\"F 19\\" was a staple of MAW's stage act and is easily their best instrumental.     And whoever mastered this overmodulated it to hell--it just about blew me out of my chair when I first played it. Once I ran it through an MP3 editor and cut the gain a bit, it was fine.
B000OZ28IS|4.0|I usually don't like spy or noir novels. But this one was cleverly elaborated. It is not Pulitzer, but nevertheless it is entertaining and you may want to give it a try, especially if you are looking to read something in the genre.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|Season 1 was phenomenal. Season 2 was incredible. Season 3 slid down hill and for a while i was loosing confidence in the show, but after the season 3 finale, i was \\"lost\\" once again. season 4 is amazing and probably the best season since the first.
B001AMVN3U|3.0|Pretty good cd. My fav songs are Hammerhead and You're Gonna Go Far Kid. Not something that can be listened to over and over but for something to listen to every now and then its good.
B000NTPDSW|5.0|I have been an avid fan of the collection of masterpieces that in it's whole is known as \\"The Godfather Collection.\\"  Recent advances in technology in the film industry, that are capable of enhancing the film's look, sound and overall quality are here.  Blu-Ray format is perfect for the job.  I have the utmost trust in these skilled men to bring the film into the 21st Century.  May I offer a suggestion during the restoration, to allow some editing and splicing of the film to allow the film to follow it's chronological order.  Purists may argue it's desecration of the original.  It has been sold in VHS form already...perhaps a ltd. ed.
B0018GRAE4|5.0|This is a great cd. Had to upgrade from the last one to get the extra songs.
B000NQR7NO|5.0|I thought it would be hard to follow up the fastest, fiercest and most enjoyable punk rock album, but the Arctic Monkeys' sophomore album is a great expansion of their ferocious sound.<br /><br />In the Arctic Monkeys' first album, \\"Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not,\\" they set the British punk scene on fire with a speedy flurry of virtuoso guitar riffs and drum beating. The second album, \\"Favourite Worst Nightmare,\\" continues their virtuoso performances, but with a more streamlined expansion of their surf-guitar sound.<br /><br />The first single, \\"Brianstorm,\\" demonstrates that sound with a killer opening riff that resembles that opening to the film \\"Pulp Fiction.\\" I love Jamie Cook and Alex Turner's killer staccato guitar blasts accompanying Matt Helder's fast-tempo drum beat. And unlike the singer in Bloc Party (no offense, mate), Turner has a taste for blood, blurting out, \\"Brian, top marks for not trying/So I'd like you to bless us with your effortlessness/we'd wait for and so trained and comforted.\\" Obviously Turner hates working for the man.<br /><br />And the Arctic Monkeys also hate the mindless drift into commercialism these days. Alex Turner is very blunt in his criticism in the smashing song \\"This House is a Circus,\\" singing \\"This house is a circus/berserk as f***/We tend to see that as a perk though/look what it's done to your friends/their memories are pretend.\\" The Arctic Monkeys appropriately switch to a deep echoing guitar to add creepy Halloween sounds. Of course, sooner or later the Monkeys switch to smashing the haunting mood with crashing cymbals and loud guitars.<br /><br />Overall, this album is more a concept album that criticizes social oppression. But \\"Favourite Worst Nightmare\\" is a great concept album, where the Arctic Monkeys literally smash the hell out of punk with unconventional dissonant guitar blasts and spooky echoing riffs. While there are slow and quiet moments, this is a wonderful combination of surf and punk rock. Arctic Monkeys are at the top of their game, contributing two great albums of wonderful punk rock.their game, contributing two great albums of wonderful punk rock.
B00168OINA|5.0|some reviewers like to bellyache that this movie isn't as good as the original three, but upon closer analysis.....it is exactly the same in so many ways.<br /><br />there's much fan candy and good action sequences.  its worth buying this on blu-ray.
0743496736|5.0|This is a book that EVERY parent should read. Won't be able to put it down!! Brilliant author!!
031606792X|4.0|come on people, lighten up.  This is a work of FICTION!  It didn't end the way you wanted it to? Well, you didn't write it. This is not the sequel to Dracula or any previous vampire books except those written by SMeyers.  This is her mythology.  Please have an open mind!
0395389496|5.0|This is one of my most cherished books from childhood. I always wished that a train would pull up to my house one night and whisk me away to see Santa Claus. The illustrations are wonderful as well. Around Christmas time I still like to make some hot chocolate and sit down and re-read this book.
1401207510|1.0|I just received the Absolute Edition after over a year of delays.  If anyone is wondering what the difference is between the Absolute Edition ($99.00 list) and the HC edition of the Black Dossier ($29.99 list) content-wise, the answer is NOTHING.  That's right, the Absolute Edition is about 30 percent bigger, and does have a slipcase, but all the extras that one normally gets in a Absolute Edition have been removed.  Look at this product as Alan Moore's way of saying \\" up yours\\" to DC Comics (which purchased Wildstorm).  The Absolute Edition was originally solicited to include a 45-rpm vinyl recording of the song \\"Immortal Love,\\" sung by Alan Moore himself!  This and any other additional material has all been cancelled.  There are no scripts, and the sole additional material that I have noted in comparing the regular edition with the Absolute edition is that when you first open the cover of the Absolute edition there is a black and white sketch spread drawn by Kevin 0'Neill (a Gulliver's Travel postcard) as well as a 3D black and white sketch spread inside the end cover page of all the characters from the 3D story of the dossier.  That is it.  Yes, the art looks tremendous, blown up 30%, and the different types of paper are used as well just like in the original Black Dossier.  Only buy this edition if you are a completist, and just have to have a copy of the Absolute Edition Black Dossier to go with your Absolute Editions Volumes I and II of the LOEG.  The fact that I preordered this from Amazon over a year ago for $47.25 takes the sting out of the fact that this is the most worthless Absolute Edition I have ever seen in the entire series.  Buyer Beware.
0385340567|1.0|[[ASIN:0385340567 Nothing to Lose (Jack Reacher Novels)]]This is undoubtedly one of the worst books I have ever read.  The reason I gave it one star was because that was the lowest rating Amazon allowed.  The only reason it held my attention was because the other books by Child have been so great.  If this had been the first book of his I had read, I would have put it down within 100 pages.  He kept plowing the same ground it seemed to me.  The characters were shallow and not well developed.  The plot was weak.  It just didn't give me much to get excited about.  I kept thinking, \\"this has got to get better,\\" but it didn't. I hope this is a fluke, and Child's next effort will be back up to par with his previous works.
B001AK3S3U|5.0|I OWNED THE DVD AND NOW THE BLU RAY VERSION. THE PICTURE QUALITY IS GREAT  AND THE AUDIO DOLBY TRUEHD 5.1 IS EXCELLENT. A MUST HAVE FOR BLU RAY LOVERS.    NON STOP ACTION WITH LOTS OF SHOOTING AND EXPLOSION.
1592402690|5.0|I have read many Beatles books (from the massive BEATLES ANTHOLOGY to less ambitious works, to downright obscure titles), but in all honestly I must say that Geoff Emerick's HERE, THERE & EVERYWHERE is by far the best Beatles book I have ever read.    Emerick's story is almost a dream come true for any Beatles fan.  Imagine landing a job at the age of 15 at EMI's Abbey Road Studios in 1962, just in time to witness the launching of the Beatles' recording career.  To add to this unimagineably wonderful situation, imagine being hired to be the assistant engineer to Producer George Martin just as the Beatles are about to shoot straight to the statosphere!  Without a doubt Emerick was blessed with talent, ingenuity, and a lot of luck to land (and maintain) such a marvelous job.    HERE, THERE & EVERWHERE is beautifully written with rich, vivid details of the Beatles as they recorded their exquisite, timeless music from 1962 until their break up in 1970, and beyond.  Through Emerick's recollections and insights, not only do we get an insider's view as to how the music was produced and engineered, but we get to re-live the days and arduous nights that the Beatles spent at Abbey Road and other recording studios.  We get to see the good times and the bad times, the endless takes and dubbings, the fun and the fights within the hallowed confines of EMI Sudios / Abbey Road.    Geoff Emerick was there, from the Beatles' early recordings, to SGT. PEPPER, to the WHITE ALBUM, to the mess at the Apple offices, to Paul McCartney's recording of BAND ON THE RUN in Africa, and much more.  I heartily recommend this book, you'll learn so much from it!
B000SZLSB2|4.0|It is nice music similar to his first album. Easy listening I listen . I like it very much
B000LC55F2|4.0|I'm an avid movie fan and was not at all disappointed with this one. I like stuff with twists and turns that keeps your imagination and intellect busy and reeling. This was a fantastic movie and I have literally thought about it over and over. It's definately one to watch many many times. Do not blink or go to the bathroom. Definately enjoyable and twisty.    BN
0802130208|1.0|This book was suggested to me by a friend who absolutely raved about its comic genius.  Well, I couldn't wait to read it!  Afterall, we have fairly similar taste in books.    After forcing myself to get through the first 100 pages, hoping it would get better, I just had to stop.  This book was hands-down, the LEAST funny book I have ever read in my entire life.  Eventually, trying to actually read it and not skim became completely impossible.  The story jumps from location to location so much that I wondered what was even going on and why the author chose to throw in the \\"bar\\" location.  The main character is horrendously annoying and not even in a funny way, in a grotesque, childish manner.  And God help you during the breaks in which Ignatius writes page after page of intensely boring \\"stories\\".  This book was much too over-the-top for me and I agree with another reviewer that unless you're into \\"farts and burps\\" and finger licking this book is not for you.
B000001ELF|4.0|Shooting for the stars, this September 1978 solo release from KISS lead guitarist Ace Frehley delivers a strong effort which has a great mix of pop and rock.<br /><br />The snappy New York Groove was a worthy single and it reached #13 on the Billboard chart, with I Was Made For Lovin' You peaking two slots higher. The album scored platinum sales status and made it to #26 on the Billboard chart.<br /><br />The studio band is essentially Frehley - guitars, bass, vocals and guitar synthesizer - and drummer Anton Fig, with bassist Will Lee appearing on three numbers. By keeping the musical framework simple, Frehley achieved a higher orbit than his other band members who issued solo efforts at this time.
B0016B6ZKG|1.0|BEWARE LISTENER, DONNA SUMMER FANS--DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM!  I bought this album with the hope that it would be as good as her post Casablanca album \\"She Works Hard For The Money.\\"  Man, was I wrong!  I popped it into my car stereo and after one listen I dumped it.  Summer's problem is that she is trying to cater to the age-20 bracket of buyers while it was us aging Baby Boomers (yes Donna--YOU ARE ONE OF US!) who made her what she was--the Queen of Disco!  Missing were many of the lush orchestrations and nifty bass and drum/cymbal (and even banjo/clarinet) licks that were THE statement on her earlier albums.  In the \\"Crayons\\" album I found the drum/bass beats to be all the same--MONOTONOUS!!  No memorable guitar work here either.  Donna, in my mind this disc was a waste of time, money(MINE!) and effort.  You should have made an emergency phone call to Giorgio Moroder for his album producing wisdom and axed out the juvenile, \\"just getting their feet wet\\"  producers you roped in for this one.
B000001ELD|3.0|In September 1978 the four members of KISS simultaneously released solo albums, which showcased a variety of sounds and influences.<br /><br />The most interesting due to who was enlisted for duty in the KISS Army was this album from bassist Gene Simmons, which conveyed a continuum in pop music, minus the too-typical tags placed on artists.<br /><br />Simmons carries the load on electric and acoustic guitars, while having a solid list of guests - Bob Seger, Rick Neilson, Helen Reddy, Jeff \\"Skunk\\" Baxter, Donna Summer, Cher, Janis Ian - along with performances from members of the New York & Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestras and The Azusa Citrus College Choir.<br /><br />But it was through the strength of the single, Radioactive, a rocker that could have been part of the KISS catalog, which helped the album reach #22 on the Billboard chart and gain platinum sales status. Maybe it wasn't scary good, but the Demon tried to show his fans that they shouldn't be frightened from appreciating different artists and musical styles.
0312360266|5.0|EASY TO READ WITH A GOOD STORY LINE. IF HARRY POTTER WERE A VAMPIRE THIS WOULD BE THE STORY LINE.
0316143472|1.0|I used to like David Sedaris. \\"Me talk Pretty on Day\\" was lovely.  \\"Naked\\" and \\"Dress Your Children...\\" were funny. But \\"When you are Engulfed in Flames\\" was disgusting.  I started the book, got completely grossed out and then looked at others reviews.  I won't be finishing it.  I'm done with his disgusting imagery - worms hanging out of people's legs.  I don't need thoughts like hanging around in my head.  If I tought it would get better I'd give it another try but so many reviews here say it's a waste of time.  I also let mey son read it before I started it.  He read a few chapters and gave it back saying he didn't care for it, but didn't say why.  Now I know - ick!
B000T9OP7G|3.0|Of course to be human, I have always wanted to know more about the story behind the original terminator films. A desire or greed to know all about the little details and the stuff between narration. But this isn't the first time I am left disappointed and weary of the truth (think Matrix sequels or the Star Wars prequels). There was a reason why some exposition was left untold and why some backstory was left to the imagination. Most of the time its better to be left alone.    Even still, what happens in the Sarah Connor Chronicles might have been worth knowing, had the glaringly obvious been obvious: had it been written by the same people and directed by James Cameron who created the original films. As it stands, the chronicles are the BS story of impostors and fraudsters who have no right to tell us `what happens'.    The terminator saga was a science fiction too big for a puny FOX TV show. And what we get is a derivative prime hour of generic script writing in the same vein as shows like `prison break' or `heroes'. Not that there isn't a place for these shows but ultimately the original terminator story is stripped of its flesh and bones. What was an explosive cinematic experience is left to soak and fade. With unforgivable flaws like...    A completely non-threatening pin up girl posing as the terminator. Irrespective of her appropriateness in firefly, and even irrespective of the idea that this could actually be feasible. This was a blatant attempt to appease the pimple popping generation that ever since Buffy have forgotten what being a Geek is all about: The science fiction.    A hot mom who is more bang-able than believable. Someone like James Cameron had enough foresight to cast Sigourney Weaver in Aliens or Linda Hamilton as the original Sarah Connor. Linda may not have had feminine model features but she had a rugged bruising presence. And when I saw her doing her pull ups or screaming in the mental house: I could believe it. In contrast her `desperate housewife' counterpart continuously reminds you that this is a TV series in every sense.    The tension, the action and the progression of the story is watered down and uneventful.  The terrifying power of the cyborgs are glossed over. Indestructible in one scene, then weak at the knees in another. In contrast to the massive presence of T1000 or the leather strapped Arnie.     Maybe I wouldn't be so harsh if this was another `Alias' or `Jericho' which has its place in the entertainment medium. But its almost criminal to see such a great cinematic  franchise dissolve in the hands of a small time television host.
0060930187|1.0|Before I go into criticism of The Bell Jar, I will say that Sylvia Plath is an excellent writer but you can tell she's more of a poet than a novelist. That having been said, I felt absolutely no connection with any of the characters in this novel. Esther just seems unsatisfied 24/7 and never wants to connect with anyone. The whole premise of the book is just dark, depressing, and disturbing. It sounds like Sylvia Plath wrote this like a personal diary and replaced her name with Esther Greenwood. While reading this, I was asking myself, \\"What goes on in this woman's mind and what makes her think this is alright to show to the general public?\\" Nobody wants to relax by reading a book about suicide, cutting yourself, depression, etc. This book is out-dated because the teenage suicide rates in the 1950s weren't as high as the ones today which should give teachers a reason not to have students read this for an assignment. Plath tries to present suicide as a rational solution to any problem in \\"The Bell Jar.\\" What if a person who has considered suicide read this book? This is NOT a classic at all. Classics have memorable stories and characters that we as the readers can connect to. \\"The Bell Jar\\" makes no connection at all to the reader. Sometimes authors have to know what their limits in writing are when it comes to what the general public wants to read. I don't recommend this book to anyone, especially those dealing with depression or any other similar problem.
B000085RTZ|5.0|These guys keep getting better. The prior albums had moments of brilliance (see songs like \\"Karma\\", \\"The Spell\\", or \\"Silent Godess\\") but were somewhat hit-or-miss. With this album Kamelot gets rid of the \\"miss\\". Expect fast-paced, and occasionally heavy power metal. And if power metal isn't your gig, it's not typically mine either. The focus here is on Khan's divine vocals. While every song is solid, the killer cuts are \\"The Edge of Paradise\\", \\"Wander\\", and \\"The Mourning After\\".
0375831002|5.0|This book was fantastic!! I just got done with it, literally, and i must say it is one great piece of literature. This was a summer reading assingment and i was not looking forward to it because of it's length, but trust me, you get over that quickly. It was actually a quick read since there is much spacing in the book. Since i am a world class procrastinator i was forced to finish it in less than 5 days.    The big seller on this for me was the narrator being death during WW II. A fantastic perspective for that time, don't you think? Please buy this book, you will not be sorry! By the way there is a film coming out in 2010 so you could read the book and then compare it to the movie when it is released. Happy reading, Juan
B0000A02TZ|4.0|Part of what made NATIONAL LAMPOON'S ANIMAL HOUSE so beloved when it came out in 1978 was its spirit of anarchy, embodied by John Belushi as the frat house hero Bluto Blutarsky; people who have heard about the film who watch it for the first time may be surprised how few lines he actually has in it (still, he seems to preside). The film's climax, which involves the title fraternity of Delta House wreaking utter havoc on a parade in their college's small town is nothing more than a celebration of the pleasures of pure chaos, and the film is at its funniest when it shows the rules of society utterly breaking down. The plot mechanism, which has been celebrated countless times since, is that the more the evil Dean Wormer (John Vernon, having a grand old time with a scenery-chewing performance) imposes restrictions on Delta House, the more wild their counterresponse. The film's popularity centered upon the beer bashes, food fights,  toga parties, and roadtrips that get completely out of hand.     Yet watching it again, it is amazing that despite the film's celebration of anarchy the two central figures are really the two smug frathouses smoothies, Otter and Boon (Tim Matheson and Peter Riegert) who smirk and ooze their way through the plot and are responsible for most of the story's machinations. They're not very funny, and are the direct ancestors of such similarly insufferable entitled rich boys from film comedy as Ferris Bueller and Van Wilder. Certainly Otter and Boon are better than their despicable counterparts in the Omega fraternity (who enjoy mocking fat pledges and scheming with the Dean); the film constantly sets it up spatially (particularly in the student court's hearing scene) as if these are the only two possible choices in life: you're either a Delta, or you're an Omega. This seems to belie the spirit of social anarchy the film elsewhere so happily and rudely celebrates. The likable and funny two actors who begin the film, Tom Hulce and Steven Furst, as Pinto and Flounder, skate right past this uncomfortableness, as does the wonderful comic actress Martha Smith as a Southern-belle co-ed (she has some of the film's funniest moments).
B00005JNJV|5.0|In 2005's \\"Batman Begins\\", Director Christopher Nolan revives a franchise gone stale by reimagining Batman's origins.  An outstanding cast brings to life a solid, action-filled, but intriguingly introspective script, aided by a whole new family of gadgets and some excellent special effects.<br /><br />Christian Bale is Bruce Wayne, orphaned by the murder of his wealthy parents and raised by the family's faithful butler Alfred (Michael Caine in a genius piece of casting).  Driven as a young man to seek revenge on the criminal underworld, his first attempt fails miserably.  Bruce exiles himself to a lonely odessey that brings him to a prison somewhere in the Himalayas and to the attention of the mysterious Ducard (Liam Neeson), who offers him a destination.  Bruce Wayne journeys to an isolated monastery, where a group known as the League of Shadows trains him in martial arts, cures him of a childhood fear, and provides him with purpose.<br /><br />Bruce Wayne returns to Gotham City, to create his crime-fighting personna and to meet honest cop Jim Gordon (Gary Oldman) and genius inventor Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman).  Bruce Wayne's cover life as a rich and idle playboy brings him back into contact with life-long love Rachel Dawes (a surprisingly effective Katie Holmes), who upbraids Bruce for his apparent lack of purpose in life.<br /><br />The newly minted Batman confronts Gotham's criminal underworld, discovering a mysterious plot involving a psychiatrist with a dangerous secret and a deadly connection to Bruce Wayne's past.  Unraveling the plot places at risk everything that Batman and Bruce Wayne hold dear.  The movie's climactic action sequence is a breathless and original thrill ride.<br /><br />The movie succeeds in part because the maturing Bruce Wayne gets as much if not more screen time than his caped alter ego.  The action sequences are dark, violent, and realistic, and the new Batman takes his share of lumps.  The family of gadgets includes an all-terrain batmobile, the usual Batman tool belt, and a thrilling way to fly.  Bruce Wayne's relationship with Rachel Dawes is handled with an admirable restraint that recognizes the reality of his competing responsibilities.<br /><br />\\"Batman Begins\\" is very highly recommended as an outstanding and nuanced reimagining of the Batman story, told with crisp dialogue and plenty of thrilling action.elt, and a thrilling way to fly.  Bruce Wayne's relationship with Rachel Dawes is handled with an admirable restraint that recognizes the reality of his competing responsibilities.    \\"Batman Begins\\" is very highly recommended as an outstanding and nuanced reimagining of the Batman story, told with crisp dialogue and plenty of thrilling action.
B00140PK6O|5.0|Many good and thorough reviews have already been written on the movie but I wanted to just add my 5 stars to the rest.<br />I've been buying period movies from time to time trying to find a classic like Pride and Prejudice (with Colin Firth), Wives and Daughters and Sense and Sensability (with Emma T) and I have been sadly frustrated with my purchases lately. Then I bought this and it was TOTALLY worth it. It was wonderful and I enjoyed every minute of it. Lots of different story lines intertwined and most come to a happy ending. I'm very glad I bought this movie and listened to the good reviews!
B001B71NOI|3.0|Trent Reznor bashed this album out as a \\"thank you\\" to his fans, and then gave it away as a download. While the sentiments are admirable, \\"The Slip\\" is a raw, unfocused collection of songs that feels like a step back from [[ASIN:B000O178BY Year Zero's]] well sculpted plotline or the band cohesion that rocked [[ASIN:B000929AJQ With Teeth]]. \\"The Slip\\" is a bashing scream of distortion, an angry sounding record that wails away like a garage band in heat. It's bold and raucous. It's also mediocre.<br /><br />That makes the songs \\"Distortion\\" and \\"1,000,000\\" effective as primal blasts, but the problem is that, as unrefined songs, much of \\"The Slip\\" sounds like demo material. Most of the songs here start off with a drum line and then a blaze of guitar. It makes you wonder how \\"The Slip\\" might have turned out if Reznor had given another year to let the songs gestate into other forms. While not a complete throwaway, \\"The Slip\\" is merely an average album from a man who has done better.
031606792X|2.0|Buy the book and make your own opinion about it. But here is mine.    Meyer's teen fans would appreciate the book for giving them the happy ending their hearts desired while her other fans, probably older readers who like the taste of a realistic hardy novel, would be gob smacked by how Meyers tied up all the loose ends with unrealistic (even for fiction) happy endings for all...fulfilling the reader's needs but making it unsatisfying or enjoyable. I can just sum it up by saying Meyers tries to write maturely but the plots in the book are childish ideas detailed with unbelievable absurdity.   Don't get me wrong though, the book is interesting! But at the same it's like, `WTH?? WTH??? WWWAAA DAAA HEEILLL!?\\" <--Midway through the book    I don't think Meyers intended to do well with this book. I think she just wanted it to be over and done with and not hurt any fans feelings by giving everyone in her book a happy ending, no matter how inappropriate and absurd it was! See for yourself when you read it!    Bella used to relatable in the first book, she was the human window that gave us an intimate perspective on what it was like to start living in a dangerous yet alluring world. That's all gone once the honeymoon is over. Bella is totally unrelateable once she *****spoiler becomes a vampire spoiler*****.     I started not liking Bella around Book 2, displeased/annoyed with her in Book 3 and now...    What kind of role model is Bella? An awful one.   She's someone who doesn't seem to care about her health and will put herself in danger no matter how much it hurts others. She's oblivious to other people's feelings unless she learns it affects her directly, and then she'll go into a total guilt trip.   Meyers would like us to think that Bella is strong and independent, but that isn't the case in Book4 and hasn't been since Book 1. She is very dependent on Edward and would probably collapse into herself like a dying star if he ever left her (and she did! refer to book 2).One thing I did like about the book is Edward. Meyers did well to make Edward realistic in his despair and worries. I love Edward. I think the main reason these books lasted so long in their popularity, is because of Edward.    Still......Thanks Stephenie Meyers.   I was entertained but still it wasn't what I wasn't hoping for.
0618918248|2.0|Overall, the book was decent, but a couple huge points that really knock it down.  First, the author clearly has an ax to grind with Christianity, Islam, and Judaism.  The book could be re-titled \\"Why I dislike Theistic Religions originating in the Middle East.\\"  Second, he dodges a huge philosophical angle.  Assume God does not want to be proven.  He/She has the power to prevent His/Her creations from 'proving' His/Her existence.  The theory is that God wants His/Her creations to worship Him/Her of their own free will.  If you could prove God, there wouldn't be a decision to make.  Everyone would worship God as their creator.  Some would call that belief in God, 'faith.'  Therefore, a 'proof' can never happen.  Ultimately, Atheism is 'fanatical' because it is based on faith because the central hypothesis cannot be proved.
031606792X|4.0|I love stories with happy endings. I think it ended just like it should. Loved the whole series!    Carl Brazzle
B000127LW2|5.0|What can one say about ST:Voyager? It ran with top notch special effects and  a well-selected cast.  Though a great fan of DS9, ST:Voyager had a compelling storyline with a twist, a female captain, Katherine Janeway . This concept broke the old Star Trek mold by proving that a woman can be as \\"cowboy\\" as Jim Kirk, as \\"eloquent\\" as Jean-Luc Picard, and as \\"unyielding\\" as Benjamin Sisco. Season One lands the crew of the Intrepid-Class explorer Starship in the depths of the Delta Quadrant after an encounter with a space anomaly while chasing down the Maquis. This season is mostly about the integration and initial difficulties  that a ship built for only 6 month deployments has to face over 75 years from home. Considering the lack of decent TV these days, I recommend that Sci-Fi and Drama fans grab ST:Voyager and set sail for the unknown.
B00168HARG|5.0|I purchased the Blu-ray edition last night (10 episodes on 3 discs) then previewed one of them on my Playstation-3 (PS3). Bit rates averaged 19 Mb/s and peaked as high as 37 Mb/s which are really good numbers.<br /><br />Sometimes when a publisher puts too much material onto too few discs, they do it by over-compressing the signal which yields lower bit-rates and motion artifacts like macro-blocking (especially when watching rain, fog, or flames).<br /><br />I didn't detect a motion single artifact on these discs. \\"Terminator - The Sarah Connor Chronicles\\" is a bargain in more ways than one.
B000002UAU|5.0|The final two minutes of Sgt. Pepper is far and away the greatest finale in rock history. After John's lazy proclamation that he loves to turn you on (albeit facetiously), the band carouses into a whirlwind of cacophony with reckless drums and horns and noises into the climax, a sustained piano drone keyed by all the members, followed by a bunch of nonsense chatter by the band (it sounds like \\"never-oozy-awsa-ohna-wa\\"). In the history of rock music, there has never been anything like it before or since. As far as the rest of the album goes, it just about lives up to the hype. The no-pause method between songs was a first. The album reached for being more than a collection of songs, but rather one contained unit, which remains vastly influential to this day (Public Enemy's Fear of a Black Planet being an example). The Beatles aimed for originality on Sgt. Pepper and they succeeded in spades. In songs like \\"Being For The Benefit of Mr. Kite!\\" and \\"Good Morning Good Morning\\", they employed sound effects to serve the song rather than to show off, unlike some psychedelic bands of the time. The songs remained simple, but the concept did not, since the Beatles wanted to expand on the inventiveness of the previous year's Pet Sounds, which remains Paul's favorite album. Brian Wilson wanted to outdo Rubber Soul and Paul wanted to outdo Pet Sounds is how Sgt. Pepper came to fruition. Although John was the band's genius, Paul deserves the majority of the credit for Sgt. Pepper. It's as if a light bulb went on in Paul's head after he heard Pet Sounds. The basic theme of the album is that they are playing at a concert, until the riveting closing studio extravaganza of \\"A Day in the Life\\", which ranks second only to Revolver's \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\" as the Beatles' most extraordinary album closer. The songs flow together cohesively and the album has actually aged very well. The reason Sgt. Pepper holds up is because of Sir George Martin's pristine, cutting-edge production, which amazes to this day. It ranks as one of the all-time great production jobs, rivaling Pet Sounds and the works of Phil Spector. The only negative I have about Sgt. Pepper is that \\"She's Leaving Home\\" doesn't have immediate impact like the rest of the songs on the album and it takes some getting used to. However, the rest of the album is golden right from the start. If Revolver is the Casablanca of pop music, than Sgt. Pepper is the Citizen Kane.mazes to this day. It ranks as one of the all-time great production jobs, rivaling Pet Sounds and the works of Phil Spector. The only negative I have about Sgt. Pepper is that \\"She's Leaving Home\\" doesn't have immediate impact like the rest of the songs on the album and it takes some getting used to. However, the rest of the album is golden right from the start. If Revolver is the Casablanca of pop music, than Sgt. Pepper is the Citizen Kane.
B0017V7GTY|5.0|This album is made of the songs you would hear the band play in some bar and get lost in the sway of the music with some other aimless soul or just get lost riding into the lonely nights with a pack of cigarettes and a half tank of gas.    This band has amazed me from my first listen, always inspiring the hopeless romantic in me. It's just as well suited to night drives as either of their other albums and continues to deliver exactly like these guys do. I can't say enough for how good they are. Their Sink or Swim and Senor and the Queen albums were my top two albums to listen to both this and last year. I can't get enough.    Trust me, it's worth it. I recommend them to everyone. Three thumbs up!
031606792X|1.0|I am seriously starting to think that Meyer just scrolled through the fan fiction, saw one she liked and voila there was the ending of the supposed \\"next Harry Potter.\\" This book really is a bad influence on younger kids and I'm only 13. My sister couldn;t even get past the second or third chapter. The writing is so horrible. The things no one wants to read about like Bella walking are described for 10 pages. Then when something actually important comes along like the wedding Meyer uses one word to desribe it. I am truly disappointed by this conclusion and also that it was only 40% off for THIS book.
B000OCXMAE|3.0|I have been a fan of Linkin Park since the Hybrid Theory days and they have since then continually made great and risk taking music. With this album many risks are taken. Some risks paid of and some just led to not so great music. Many people seem very upset about this album but to me, I'd rather see an artist I like taking risks and finding new sounds then for them to just keep making repetitive music. At least with MTM, they broke up the box and scrapped together way different styles and came out with some stellar stuff. Upon my first listening I wasnt so impressed but as the year has passed since its release I've come to love alot of these songs. So my suggestion would be to listen to it, sit on it, then review it. A few of these songs happen to be either my favorite all time Linkin Park songs, and some are my least. But hey, thats music.   Here is my individual review of each song:    Wake-(7/10)- Im not a big fan on intro's, but this was much better the Meteora's opening track (foreward). The Guitars sounds really cool, shouldve been used for a real song.    Given up-(6/10)- This song has some strengths and weaknesses. I really love the clapping used, but the verses are too ordinary. The Chorus can get you pumped but I wouldnt say this song shouldve been on the album. To Me, it doesnt really fit in.    Leave Out All The Rest -(10/10)- Fabulous song. They took a great approach to this song and made it great. Chesters vocal performance is top notch and everything in this song flows perfectly. Great Example of how some of their risks paid off big.    Bleed It Out- (10/10)- I really wish they would make more songs like these. Great rapping, great singing, fast paced, etc. If your looking to get pumped up for a night of drinking and womanizing I suggest this song.    Shadow of They Day- (8/10)- This is a pretty Soft spoken track. A different kind of LP track. I wouldve given it a higher rating but the songgets a little repetitive but I would say this track keeps thealbum going.    What Ive Done -(10/10)- Easily one of my favorite Rock songs this decade. Mixes pianos, guiatars, samples and dynamic vocals all together seemingly perfect. When I heard this song I was very excited for this album. Excellent choice for a first single.    Hands Held High-(5-10)- This is Mike's second and last time rapping on the album. I like some of the lines he ahd but for the most part i didnt keep interested. If I wanna listen to political rap/rock, I'll put on rage against the machine. And the \\"Amen\\" singing threw me off a bit. I skip this one almost everytime.    No More Sorrow-(9/10)- I love playing \\"Gears Of War\\" to this song. Another song I wish they made more of. I had to give it a 9 though just because I wouldve loved to hear Mike spitting ryhmes over these verses but hey, you cant always get what you want.    Valentine's Day- (8/10)- Pretty decent song. Not very \\"LP\\".    In Between-(2/10)- Nothing good to say about this song. Mike, leave the singing to Chester please.    In Pieces -(8/10)- Really cool song. Mike and MR Hahn show they still know how to provide some good samples and mix them well with rock music.    The Little Things Give You Away- (7/10)- Im not a fan of the beginning but it does pick up towards the end and it was a decent way to end the album so I feel good about giving this one a seven.
080701429X|5.0|While I have never really warmed up to the second part of Frankl's book, the \\"Experiences in a Concentration Camp\\" section has to be one of the finest examinations of meaning under terrible circumstances ever written.  Frankl is insightful, unpretentious, incisive, elegant, brilliant.  The first section is an existential masterpiece.    I guess my difficulty with logotherapy is that meaning as experienced and conveyed by Frankl feels like it gets reduced down when put forth as a psychiatric theory.      But part one is just brilliant beyond any attempt to review it.
061891868X|5.0|So many reviewers have said so many things, let me just add this: During the past thirty years, we have seen the rise of religious ideology and its disastrous effects on our political system, not to mention our national finances and national reputation.    How interesting that science has experienced the same things, the same disasters born of the same focus on ideology rather than factuality, in the same time period.    This book is the first BIG public demonstration that this period may be coming to an end.    The disaster of string theory, and the Irag war, both prove the same thing: ignoring the dictates of reason, and setting aside facts for fantasy, always leads us to the same place: nowhere we want to be!    Thank you Lee Smolin.    A must-have for anyone interested in their world. And an instant classic.
B00003CXB4|4.0|The best Disney animated film ever...This film had it all, it was funny, emotional, had family drama, and above all, great animation and songs! My personal favorite character is Rafiki, the Baboon! I still cant forget the line he says to Simbe, \\"Past can hurt, but as I see it, you can either run from it, or learn from it!\\" it is so true! i loved Zazu's weirdness, and shenzi's humor, above all, i loved Pumba's innocence and Timon's intelligence! In short, i found the film the best film ever... The voice cast is also great. Mathew did complete justice to Simba, and what can I say about Mufasa, He is the best King, and dad anyone can ever get! The movie is not meant for kids, its meant to teach every adult a lesson...to find our place in the great \\"Circle Of Life\\". Thank-You Disney For The Lion King.
0446613444|4.0|Be sure you read The Black Echo before this book. The back story and characterizations rely a lot on these books being read in the order they were written.<br /><br />The Black Ice has many things to recommend it. Harry Bosch is a modern \\"noir\\" detective working in LA's underbelly, the sleazy streets of Hollywood, who sees himself as an avenging angel with no room for anything else in his life. That characterization is tested in The Black Ice when Harry is affected to his toes by meeting the widow of a murder victim.<br /><br />The descriptions of drug manufacture, distribution, and dealing are powerful and memorable. The book has lots of exciting action.<br /><br />You'll also feel like you've been taken on a well-run tour of Hollywood and Mexicali . . . to see the tawdriest locales.<br /><br />But the book does go wrong, tarnishing lots of good writing. Michael Connelly inexplicably and unnecessarily uses one of the oldest and least satisfying plot devices in the mystery author's filing cabinet. I won't say more, but you'll know what I mean when the book is over.<br /><br />The effect of hitting that plot device is like going from a smooth ride in a jet to a kid's soap box derby crate rolling over potholes. The ride just isn't the same. Up until the plot device is triggered, the book is clearly a five-star effort.<br /><br />But you have better things ahead. The Concrete Blonde, the third Harry Bosch mystery, is a much better and more rewarding book to read.
B000W4HIX6|5.0|Every so often,a film comes along that resets the standard for it's genre.Die Hard did just that very thing for action films. Any film that inspires copycats and wannabes really does it's job well.Bruce Willis made a very successful transition from the small screen to the big screen as the everyday Joe forced into being the hero. This film has all the necessary ingredients to qualify it as a great action film. All you have to do is see it for yourself. Particularly well done is the performance of Alan Rickman as the chief villain, Hans Gruber. You can come up with good arguments for many action films as to which is the best all time,and this one is no exception.Well done.
0321544080|5.0|This book became one of my favorite all time photography books from the moment I picked it up!<br /><br />Joe McNally is truly a legend.  This book showcases some of his greatest work, and on the page opposite each photo he tells a story to go with it.  He also gives the most basic description of the technical side of the lighting.<br /><br />If you are looking for highly technical step by step detailed instructions on how to reproduce each photo,this book is not for you.  You have to have a firm grasp on the technical side of photography, especially lighting, before you can appreciate this book.  But if you are already lighting like a pro, this book can help you see how a \\"superstar\\" pro would have taken the shot.  More than step by step instructions, this book gives you insight into Joe McNally's career and how he achieves the  photos that are truly a step above the rest of us.<br /><br />The biggest thing I got from this book is inspiration to think outside the box and go for the real wow photo instead of being satisfied with good.  I loved the funny stories revealing how he talked subjects into letting him get the shot he wanted as well as the stories on solving technical problems on the fly with less than conventional methods.<br /><br />And the pictures are amazing.  I have flipped through this book over and over, studying the technical aspects and soaking up the inspiration.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book for any professional wanting inspiration and a little guidance on how to step up their work a bit!
B00111YM5G|3.0|This movie was good, but it could have used a lot of improvement. It was constantly dark and dreary, and quite monotonous in that sense. I was excited to see a movie with the archangel Gabriel as the main character, but I feel like the film could have been a lot more epic given the subject matter.
0930289234|5.0|Don't let the fact that this is a graphic novel (e.g., \\"comic book\\") fool you.  Watchmen is a fantastic piece of fiction, and was well-written, fantastically illustrated, fast-paced, and thought provoking.  The geo-political issues felt a little dated, but one doesn't have to think to hard to extrapolate the issues to modern times.  This is a \\"must read\\"!
B001E95ZII|3.0|Though it borrows liberally from its genre brethren, The Rocker showcases a keen sense of parody and heart with a powerful star performance from the Jack Black-channeling Rainn Wilson. The \\"naked drummer\\" doesn't stray too far from his Office persona, but the random foul-mouthed spurts and goggle-eyed expressions certainly add a welcome layer of comic ingenuity.<br /><br />In 1986, Robert \\"Fish\\" Fishman (Rainn Wilson) drums for the popular rock band Vesuvius and a lucrative career seems destined to embrace him. However, a chance to play at a killer gig causes his bandmates to sell him out for fast fame, and the drummer is literally kicked to the streets. Twenty years later, Robert finds himself in a dead-end desk job with no hope of escaping his mundane lifestyle. But good luck and misfortune strike simultaneously leaving him jobless, homeless, and shacked up at his sister's house - where the desperation of his nephew's rock band lands him a spot as their drummer. What starts off as a rocky, mismatched collaboration inadvertently becomes a rapid success and Robert, along with Amelia (Emma Stone), Curtis (Teddy Geiger), and Matt (Josh Gad) may finally get to live the dream they've worked so hard to obtain.<br /><br />For his debut leading film role, Rainn Wilson manages a diverse blend of comedy and emanates the better qualities of funnyman Jack Black. Rainn keeps his character under control so as not to get annoying but remains erratic enough to evoke plenty of laughs. Most of the physical comedy (and nudity, unfortunately) belongs to the Office veteran who competently handles elaborate falls and crazed expressions with sincere enthusiasm. Spouting off random quotable gibes, Wilson utilizes a copious amount of offbeat one-liners and bizarre references that will result in a hearty chuckle for those attuned to the borderline-offensive brand of comedy.<br /><br />While the primary band members fill their roles quite ably, a surprising amount of laughs come from the hilarious supporting characters and their moments of inspired lunacy. Most notable are Will Arnett as a crazed 80's rocker and Jason Sudeikis as an arrogant record label agent whose offensive pick-up lines never fail to amuse. Numerous cameos also fill the screen, from stand-up comedian favorites to famous musicians and anchored comedy character actors.<br /><br />Though the whole cast turns in fine performances and Rainn Wilson conjures up a delirious beast of a drummer, The Rocker's downfall may be its heavily treaded subject matter. The clich&eacute;-filled plot resembles far too many others and even the rather unique pieces feel drowned out by the surplus of stereotypical events. What clearly rocks though is the hysterical frontman and a host of great cameos and fantastic supporting characters who bring an edgy absurdity to the whole affair.<br /><br />- Joel Massiecters and their moments of inspired lunacy. Most notable are Will Arnett as a crazed 80's rocker and Jason Sudeikis as an arrogant record label agent whose offensive pick-up lines never fail to amuse. Numerous cameos also fill the screen, from stand-up comedian favorites to famous musicians and anchored comedy character actors.     Though the whole cast turns in fine performances and Rainn Wilson conjures up a delirious beast of a drummer, The Rocker's downfall may be its heavily treaded subject matter. The clich-filled plot resembles far too many others and even the rather unique pieces feel drowned out by the surplus of stereotypical events. What clearly rocks though is the hysterical frontman and a host of great cameos and fantastic supporting characters who bring an edgy absurdity to the whole affair.     - Joel Massie
B000GG4XHO|5.0|One aspect of Lou Reed that some of us love best is his economy of style, encompassing everything from the lyrics to the music to his very voice... And we also love the stories, sometimes told between the lines. The Velvet Underground was a warmup act, although the best of that era stands with the best of it all. Still... there is an element of youthful \\"showing off\\" in the Velvets, which is excusable because the artist was, after all, young. When a little bit older, and at the other extreme of the repertory, there was Berlin, into which Reed infused all of the seriousness the Velvets left out, and many have argued that there was too much seriousness in that one. Coney Island Baby strikes a balance, and gives us the grown-up artist, with his economy, his storytelling, his compassion and sardonic humor, touched with a smattering of melancholy. Looking closely, one may also catch a glimpse of Hubert Selby passing through.
B000000OAN|5.0|Listening to this great CD today, I can remember why it was one of my favorite albums in my senior year in HS. Queen really knew how to produce a cohesive album. This album is so eclectic in styles and yet somehow it all fits together so well I can't imagine the album without all of the songs and in the order they were placed. Now this CD offers alternative versions of two of the songs, well I wouldn't have done that, but in the wonderful digital age we can make the albums we own into any order of presentation we want, so that is a trifling issue.<br /><br />At the time I remember the Brian May disclaimer on the bottom that no synthesizers were used to create this album. In 1975 I didn't get that, but by the early 80's I completely understood. Finally, in 2008 it seems that music for the most part (Cher and Paula excepting) have gotten back to real instruments and real musicians playing real music. But much of that seems to be the old guys on \\"comeback tours\\" so I may be over hopeful.<br /><br />In any case here's the deal,<br /><br />If you don't own A Night at the Opera, you should it is amazing!
B000001ESF|5.0|I can't believe anyone would give this a 1 star review!! They must be tone deaf!!    \\"Attention all planets of the Solar Federation.  We have assumed control!\\"
B001DJ7PR8|4.0|It's been a LONG time since Woody Allen gave us a film that was truly meaningful and had something \\"deep\\" to say about life, love and the human condition.  My favorite is HANNAH AND HER SISTERS, but CRIMES & MISDEMEANORS and HUSBANDS & WIVES (with Sydney Pollack's and Judy Davis' greatest performances) are Allen's most recent classics.  Since that time, almost everyone would agree that his work has been pretty mediocre.  In recent years, MATCH POINT saw Allen moving to London and the change in locale seemed to energize him into making his most \\"un-Woody\\" film in ages and a darn good psychological crime thriller at that.  But SCOOP and CASSANDRA'S DREAM (also London based), offered rapidly diminishing returns.  So Allen has moved to Barcelona, Spain with VICKY CRISTINA BARCELONA, and once again, the rewards of this new location have jazzed up the Allen formula.  However, the film still fails to reward on a philosophical level.  It is a surface level delight, with a wry irony about the human condition.    In brief, the story starts with two rich, bored American girls coming to Barcelona for a summer.  Vicky (Rebecca Hall) is engaged to marry a nice, safe, boring stockbroker type...a man who is mostly interested in picking their perfect home in the perfect NYC bedroom community.  Her friend Cristina (Scarlett Johansen) is more a free spirit.  She scorns the idea of settling down.  Early in their visit, they meet  Juan Antonio (Javier Bardem), a somewhat well-known artist.  He's something of a lady's man, and he brazenly invites them to come to his country villa for a few days, where they will see beautiful sights, drink nice wine and make love.  This is after he's known them for 30 seconds.  Vicky basically tells him to bug off, but Cristina accepts, and Vicky finds herself going along, ostensibly so that she can keep an eye on Johanssen.    I'm sure you won't be surprised to hear that \\"romantic\\" (or at least sexual) entanglements follow.  They are made far more interesting with the return of Maria Elena (Penelope Cruz), Juan Antonio's ex-wife.  To say that she is a \\"fiery\\" personality is putting it mildly.  She is looney tunes...but also very artistic, sensual and intuitive.  She and her ex have one of those relationships where one is the moth and the other the flame...they constantly burn each other yet instinctively they can't avoid each other.    I've tried to reveal little of what actually HAPPENS in the film, because part of the fun is to kind of guess who will fall into bed with whom and when and why.  Suffice it to say that this is all frothy fun.  While the characters endure some pretty gut-wrenching, soul-searching times...for the viewer there is nothing to take terribly seriously.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing...but it's what puts this film just below \\"classic Woody\\" status.  It's a vigorous and fun film...looser than his movies have been in awhile.   But perhaps it's the Spanish flavor that has made it all seem a bit trivial.  The characters are all impossibly witty (when AREN'T they in an Allen film?) and there is also a narrator (and this device, of course, makes it a little tough to get drawn in deeply).      But the good outweighs the bad, for certain.  Allen's script is VERY fast-moving and really pretty darn funny.  His characters are all fairly likeable and there are ample opportunities for all four lead characters to shine.  To me, Rebecca Hall was the eye-opener.  She is pretty much unknown to me, and I don't know how or why Allen cast her...but he had a pretty good eye with this one.  She reminded me of Frances O'Connor (another obscure name, I know...but perhaps a little less so to some).  She's strikingly intelligent and she plays her character with a believable mixture of reserve and vulnerability.  When unexpected deep feelings hit her, she is \\"unmoored\\" from her image of herself, and it's fun to watch her grow and change.  It's also GREAT fun to see her in the last scene of the movie...the point she arrives at in the end is the closest Allen comes to poignancy in this film.  Javier Bardem is very charismatic.  His character is barely more than a caricature (a hot-blooded Spanish artist with amazing skills in seduction!)...but Bardem makes us believe that Juan Antonio really is this person.  But what Bardem also does is show that while Juan Antonio wants to seem deep and warm and intuitive...he is really quite shallow and ineffective.  Also, if the last time you saw Bardem was as Anton Chigurh in NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN...you'll be amazed at  how very, very different this guy is.  Penelope Cruz has been receiving a lot of accolades, and she is certainly a character who truly stirs the pot when she arrives.  To me, the part is the most underwritten of the four, and thus a little less successful.  However, I don't blame Cruz...she really pulls off the almost manic/depressive personality of Maria Elena with great energy.  It is Scarlett Johanssen who comes off the worst here.  I'm not a  huge fan of hers to start with...she can be a remarkably still and self-possessed actress...but I actually find her stillness not so much representing an inner life, but to show dullness.  I'm sure Scarlett is sharp as a tack and probably great fun in real life...but her acting, very effective in roles like GIRL WITH A PEARL EARRING, leaves her feeling stiff and unconvincing in parts like in VICKY CRISTINA BARCELONA that call for vivacity and some raw sensuality.  She is a contrast to the other women on the screen...but it's not really a contrast between fire and ice.  It's a contrast between fire and another fire that has been doused with water and is now just a burnt-out ember.    If you've never liked Allen's movies before (and I know many people who can't abide him)...I feel there's a chance you might actually enjoy this one.  Except for the VERY Allen-like voice of the narrator, the Spanish setting creates a warmer, more colorful tone than we've seen in awhile.  If you're afan of Allen, then I believe this is a must-see.
B0010X745K|4.0|this movie is true to king's style he is truly the king when it come to writing horror,  how the people reverted to their primative intstincts. the cgi effects of the bugs were incredible this film is a tapestry of great suspense. king reveals the creatures slowly weaving them with the mass hysteria and fear of the people trapped by their fear of the unknown. what really kept me gripped in suspense was watching the unraveling of the human phsyche. by the end of the movie I realized that the most frightening and grotesque monsters in the film were people. this is more that just a horror flick this is a warning to mankind that he is arrogant to assume that we are the only dominant life in our universe. if we were to think of the millions of micro organisms that can live in a single drop of water. then what is the earth compared to the infinte universe? great movie one of kings best
B000M2E42G|4.0|The music on this able rates the average rating of 4-stars.  What stops it are the \\"newer\\" songs.  Bruce's music is so good a single disk is only scratching the surface.  The Essential collection which came later is several disks long.  The newer songs here were added to make the album more appealing.  The songs are good but pale compared to the \\"Born To Run\\" through \\"Human Touch/Lucky Town\\" songs.    The Eco-Friendly packaging stinks.  I'm for the environment, but why did you have to remove the songs details, lyrics, pictures, etc.?  What album is such-and-such song from?  You'll never be able to learn that from this album.  Save the environment but don't lose the artist in the process.
0689877692|5.0|[[VIDEOID:25112841]]
B0014DBZT2|5.0|This is the first CD by Nick Cave that I own. Before this, I'd heard (and liked) the odd song of his, usually on some soundtrack or compilation; \\"There is a light\\" from the \\"Batman forever\\" soundtrack, The songs he did on the \\"Leonard Cohen: I'm your man\\" album, \\"People ain't no good\\" from \\"Shrek 2\\" (which coincidentally I saw last night again on DVD) and the dark but brilliant ballad \\"Where the wild roses grow\\" with fellow Antipodean Kylie Minogue.<br /><br />\\"Dig!!! Lazarus Dig!!!\\" is a rock album steeped in biblical imagery, and reminding me in parts of Bruce Springsteen (vocally) or Robbie Robertson (his dramatic narrative style). The title track is a chugging rocking narrative about Lazarus set in modern day New York.<br /><br />The midtempo groovy \\"Moonland\\" is a killer song. Other standouts are the eerie effect laden \\"Hold on to yourself\\" (with nice twanging guitars), the bouncy and extremely catchy \\"Lie down here (and be my girl)\\", the brooding ballad \\"Jesus of the moon\\" (brilliant!), the lilting and shimmery \\"Midnight man\\", and closing , the midtempo verbose \\"More news from nowhere\\" (which wouldn't sound out of place on a CD by the Boss).<br /><br />It did take me a few listens to really get into it, but it's turned out to be one of my favourite albums so far this year...
B0000072VM|5.0|Wow, now THIS is quite an album!  If ever there was an album to prove to people who hate progressive rock that yes, the genre DOES have some really good bands and albums, Per un Amico is probably the ultimate example of great songwriting, exciting arrangements, and solid enjoyment.    This album has a mood that shifts around constantly from heavenly to beautiful, to dark and haunting, all while keeping your attention the entire way.  I hear influences of King Crimson, Emerson, Lake and Palmer, Caravan, Yes and Jethro Tull (strangely enough, not Genesis however) not to mention a few surprising moments, such as an Irish-sounding arrangement on \\"Generale\\" and Beach Boys-like vocals on \\"Geranio\\".      Don't worry about the fact the vocals are in Italian.  If you don't know the language, it doesn't matter because the amazingly large variety of musical instruments, and the diverse style of songwriting will win you over very quickly.  I especially love how the entire album was worked on carefully to make every song as perfect as possible.    I'd say the most obvious influence is early King Crimson, by the way the flutes sound and the pleasant vibes in the atmosphere (similar to Crimson's first album) and the only negative I can find with Per un Amico is that it's really short.  That's how you know an album is good when there's not enough of it.  Fantastic album.
B00020HEL6|5.0|I'm an older guy and am transported to heaven when I hear a singer that understands the subtleties of this type of wonderful ballads. Simply can't believe this depth at this young age.
B000003CM9|5.0|Great work by the original line-up of the ABB...not quite as much \\"straight-ahead blues\\" as the first self-titled release.  If you don't already have this or the band's first album, by all means purchase \\"Beginnings\\" which combines both works in one convenient 60-minute collection.
0743244257|4.0|I take Packer as a stand-in for capitalism gone wild and savage. There was a line in there somewhere about how the logical conclusion of capitalism is killing. Packer's rapacious and deliberate murder of the world's currencies in one day's time leads him logically to seek the assassin who's been stalking him (a former employee). The two wax philosophically about each other's personality deficits, a bumbling last rites.
0307269752|4.0|After rave reviews in Europe, this book is finally coming to the US with much fanfare.  American readers of literary fiction who also enjoy a whodunnit mystery will appreciate the multiple plot lines that interweave as the characters lives intersect.  The primary plot concerns Mikhail Blomkvist, who as a disgraced reporter begins the investigation of a cold case murder.  As he digs deeper into the history of the victim's family, he uncovers dark personal and financial secrets within the family.  Of course because this is a thriller someone is not happy that these secrets may see the light of day and sets out to stop him.<br /><br />The cause of the Mikhail's disgrace is another mystery, and is the focus of the beginning and end of the novel.  Unfortunately the first hundred pages or so are the slowest.  The family history is complicated, and I found it necessary to frequently refer to the family tree printed in the beginning of the ARC I was reading.  Only once Mikhail partners with the girl with the dragon tattoo who helps solve these mysteries does the pacing of the book pick up speed, and it does so exponentially.  At times this book was difficult to put down.<br /><br />This book has received much praise by critics in Europe because of the commentaries it makes about race relations, financial corruption, and misogyny in Sweden.  As an American reader with virtually no knowledge about Sweden I did feel that my ignorance made me not appreciate some aspects of this book fully.  However, the fascinating characters and complex plot lines should be enough to win over a wide American audience for this book.  Highly recommended for mystery readers looking for a smart and original read - it should appeal to fans of Sharp Objects.
0307341550|1.0|The razor blade on the front cover of the book is what one yearns for right after embarking on this read, sharp blade with which to cut every single page, one by one, until they are so neatly shredded that even the memory of what was written on them becomes non existent. And then, one can use the same razor to end one's own life.<br /><br />I'm still unsure what the author was thinking when she began this book, unless she had some very deep and very disturbing mental issues to work through.<br /><br />This book is dangerous and not because it excites one with a thrilling and suspenseful story. It is dangerous because once one reads it, one looses any desire to look for another book that may restore one's faith in the existence of good books with an uplifting charge. Not only is this book dangerous, but it is sick. Its underlying sickness is that it's emotionally draining and unless readers are looking to load up on more mental baggage (I can't think of anyone who doesn't have enough), I'd stay away from its pain.<br /><br />The main character is a female reporter who returns home on an assignment (covering the serial murders of two little girls). As memories of her painful childhood emerge, readers find a lot more about her character, for example her alcoholic addiction and her obsession to carve words into her own flesh. Waves of her unresolved issues wash away further hopes of a challenging literary work as readers are practically dragged into her problems (not loved enough by her mother, not popular enough in school, not motivated enough in her work) and are subjected to the anguish of either feeling sorry for her or wanting to end her existence.<br /><br />As disturbing details of the two murders resurface, readers are introduced to yet two more characters as equally unpleasant as the first. There is the psychologically unstable (almost emotionally poisonous) personality of her mother and the pathologically sinister and equally disturbed one of the teenage sister. And of course there are the endlessly problematic and mentally crushing details of the small-town's Midwest America (why would one want to read this is beyond my understanding).<br /><br />This book robs one of smiles, of the beauty of life, and even of the reason for love. It is not only bitter, but leaves one with an unpleasant smell of what I'd like to call rotten feelings. I can't brand the book dull (as it did leave me with unwanted thoughts), but I can promise you that you'll feel dull once you've read it. I don't recommend it, but may compare the feelings I have for it to what Chuck Palahniuk's 'Choke' birthed in me.<br /><br />by Simon Clevelandhe endlessly problematic and mentally crushing details of the small-town's Midwest America (why would one want to read this is beyond my understanding).     This book robs one of smiles, of the beauty of life, and even of the reason for love. It is not only bitter, but leaves one with an unpleasant smell of what I'd like to call rotten feelings. I can't brand the book dull (as it did leave me with unwanted thoughts), but I can promise you that you'll feel dull once you've read it. I don't recommend it, but may compare the feelings I have for it to what Chuck Palahniuk's 'Choke' birthed in me.      by Simon Cleveland
B0018AK9RA|5.0|If you are a fan of well constructed concept albums that are actually written as an \\"Album\\" and not a collection of songs you will love this CD. It sets a mood and is great from beginning to end.<br /><br />It hooked me from the very beginning. There are some rockers on there, but many melodic songs and I think Halford's voice sounds great on some of the more melodic slower songs.<br /><br />My favorite CD purchase this year for sure.<br /><br />Edit post: Just came back to say I still listen to this album 6 years later, its still one of my favorites!!!
B00005O3VD|5.0|Her first film; Her first success.<br /><br />FUNNY GIRL is essentially what Barbra Streisand is all about.  It is a lush, lavish, funny, tuneful and an all-out wonderful musical.  Slightly nostalgic, William Wyler gives us more than just a dash of the opulent MGM-style musicals that Arthur Freed use to turn out by the dozen.<br /><br />From start to finish, Barbra makes this her own film.  More than a debut, it actually helped to further create the legend that is Barbra (and always will be).  Everything about this picture is perfect - the sets, the scoring, the music, the cast (especially Kay Medford and Omar Sharif).  But it is Barbra Streisand from start to finish that you will always remember.<br /><br />Whether she is the gawky Fanny trying to break into show business (complete with an oil can marked MAKE UP), seeing Nicky Arnstein for the first time or pouring her heart out with such numbers as Don't Rain On My Parade/ My Man/ I'd Rather Be Blue/ and, of course, People - it is Barbra Streisand who makes this film memorable.  Her voice is pure, her actions are natural and everything clicks to make this one of the best musicals of all time.
0385335989|5.0|What can I say about Diana's fourth outlander series.  I was truly spellbound.  I can not wait to get my hands on the Fiery Cross.  I can't wait to find out what more could possibly happen to Claire and Jamie.  What an amazing love story!!!
B00009W0U4|4.0|\\"Irreversible\\" is a perfect exercise in dangerously original filmmaking.<br />The film is a thriller like no other and is disturbingly hard to watch, both physically and mentally. The camera is constantly twisting, turning and jumping as to compliment/run parallel with the emotional and truly disturbing content in the film. Evryone involved did a great job, you couldn't ask for a better preformance by the actors. Monica Bellucci is an amazing actress, it also does not hurt that she happends to be one of the most beautiful creatures on the planet. Vincent Cassel is simply one of the most underrated actors in showbiz. \\"Irreversible\\" is yet another french masterpiece that belongs in every Horror/thriller fans collection.
031606792X|3.0|(Backstory)  I never heard of the Twilight series until just recently when the trailer came out for the movie.  I was enamored with the trailer and decided to get my hands on Twilight.  Once I starting reading it I couldn't put it down...HOLY CRAP!!  I haven't read a book like this in a while (5 stars).  I finished it in three days (work and all), but I immediately bought New Moon and Eclipse (Breaking Dawn would be coming out in 1 week).  I immediately jumped into New Moon (Edward leaving Bella almost broke my heart, but I was a little bored with the rest, until Edward came back in. All in all 4 stars), then I began Eclipse.  I must admit this book bored me.  I struggled to get through it and I was about a quarter of the way through when Breaking Dawn came out.  That Sunday (August 3rd), I actually began to read the reviews, even with spoilers (yes that's right, I just had to know!).  I sat down at my computer and expected to read nothing but rave reviews and how it was SM's best work ever; however I was extremely disappointed to see that a lot of fans actually hated it.  I couldn't believe the spoilers I was reading...they did what?  She did what? OMG!  I was now afraid to read Breaking Dawn (already purchased).  What to do? Do I go ahead and read it or take it back, but curiosity can get the best of me.  I continued reading Eclipse (slowly) and I can't say it was my favorite book.  Bella and her whininess began to grate on me...Edward being possessive and I just didn't like Jacob.  I give it 3  stars (because I enjoy the characters).  So now what?  I guess I'll pick up Breaking Dawn....shaky and a little skeptical...    With expectations now (days of reading good and bad reviews), I hesitantly picked up the book.  Deep breath please...here we go... **Spoilers**    I must admit I was already tired of Bella, so I wasn't too enthused about her wedding.  It almost happened too quickly.  Just BOOM there it is.  She was marrying her \\"soul mate\\" and I just didn't feelthat from her.  It was almost like; let's get this over with and onto the sex (because now Edward would give her a little).  Okay let's just skip over the supposed honeymoon (what no details???...I know...I know it's for teenagers, but can't we get a little?  Information...come on people!), and get on with the pregnancy.  I was disappointed she took it this way, because it's SO clichd.  I was hoping she would really step out of the box and do something really unique with Bella and Edward.  I don't want to keep going on about the same things everyone has discussed, because well I feel the same way.  I will say this though:  1.Actually like Jacob's POV (It gave a lightness to the book)  2.Wanted more from Bella being turned...why so gruesome?...a little romance  please   3.Never liked Rosalie and can't stand her even more now  4.The name Renesmee grew on me (maybe because I knew about it before I read)  5.Just didn't care for the whole birth scene...yikes!  6.I thought Bella's non-newborn stuff was cool, but it would have been nice to see a little out of control vampiring.  7.Jacob imprinting...well I was really hoping he would have \\"Chosen\\" someone.  I love the whole free will thing.  Why a baby?????  8.I actually wasn't disappointed about Alice and Jasper.  I already knew about it, but it still didn't upset me.  I thought it was a very interesting strategy.  9.J. Jenks was weird, but different.  I actually would have like it if in the end Jacob would have had to use them and escape with Renesmee (if he imprinted her)  10.I loved Bella's Shield power.  11.Would have enjoyed a little more fighting action with the Volturi.  12.The last two pages were my favorite when Edward could finally understand Bella's true feelings    You probably see a lot more positives in my review, but honestly the only way I could feel this way is I had to separate this book from the rest of the series.  As if this book was its own entity and didn't connect to anything previously.  I alsothink it helped because I read all of the spoilers first.  I prepared myself that this was not the book I was truly hoping for.    In the end I understand where SM came from in writing this book.  I agree with everyone when they say it seems like someone else wrote the book.  So here's my take on that:  She has said over and over she wrote the rough draft of the end (Forever Dawn) before the others were even written.  I think it would be very hard to write the other novels once your last book is written another way (usually there is an idea, but not a rough draft done).  She has this all planned and then wrote the other books to get us there.  Unfortunately she didn't stay true to her characters and story lines from the beginning (Forever Dawn).  I feel she is very defensive about HER work, because she has no answers for us REALLY.  This is HER story, the way SHE wanted it and that's that...just deal with it (that's what I get from her).   I guess it all comes down to I am fine with that.  As I read the story, plus I saw interviews where she answered looming questions, I understood where she was coming from.  Although, I wish in my heart of hearts it was different (how about an alternate ending book???)  The romance was lost for me after Twilight, but I look forward to Midnight Sun and the movies.  TEAM ROB!      I know some of you went into SHOCK when you read it, but I encourage you to give it a go again.  Knowing all that you know...it may not be so bad the second time around...or it might!  So I liked it (not loved it), disliked it and was disappointed...but I didn't write it.  All in all I give it 3 stars (It was something interesting to read).
B000FFJ85I|1.0|A friend let me borrow this album because she thought I wasn't giving the new AFI a fair chance. Turned out I was, their music just sucks.
B000T9OP7G|4.0|I've been a huge fan of the Terminators (even the 3rd one) but still had my doubts about the quality of a weekly television show.    Well I have to say that after seeing the pilot I was immediately sold.  The action scenes are definately there but not over done and don't stretch past what their effects can do.    The three main actors are perfect for their roles.  The balance between Sarah Connor as mother and tough fighter has been perfected (some would argue that it's a very difficult balance to hold).    John, though not quite there, is starting to learn his leadership role and beginning to feel like someone who might actually save the human race.    And Cameron is....well perfect.  She plays the tough yet curious robot that keeps a couple of secrets to herself about the future.      I can see a lot of time and effort has been made to try and keep the original histories in tact.  There is a shot of the first terminators models that have rubber skin (referenced from the first movie).    It is a rather short season and the plot's focus starts to loose touch towards the end, so I'm hoping that the second season can keep the writing focused and tight.    I'm hopeful though because I've been nothing but impressed so far!
B000R7HY0K|5.0|I didn't actually get the chance to see \\"Death Proof\\" in theatres, though it escapes me as to why...Anyway, I first saw this on DVD.  A friend of mine demanded that I see it, and since I'm a Tarantino fan, found this to be no hardship.    I think part of the problem why some people rated it so low is that most are all about the action--instant gratification, loves a drive thru and not a sit down at dinner type of person.  This movie, though slow, is full of some of the most realistic and witty conversation I've ever heard in film or television.  But no need to worry, gentle readers.  The ending made me want to leap out of my chair and pump my fist in the air.  The payoff is *extraordinary*, and it is one of my favorites of all time.  And that is a damn hard list to get on.      Simply put, it is top notch.  It takes a brilliant bastard to draw it out like that, and I don't think anyone else would have been capable of pulling off such a feat other than Mr. Tarantino.  He is truly talented, and this film, by the way, was rated high marks by certain well known critics (Ebert & Roeper--I agree with most of their assessments of a film).
0316143472|4.0|I just discovered David Sedaris on NPR.  I was intrigued by his show, so I researched him and found that he has written several books.  I picked up the most recent, When You Are Engulfed in Flames, and read it within two days.  His dry wit and sarcasm made me laugh out loud.  While most of the essays are very funny, there are a few that aren't as entertaining.  All in all, it's a great read for anyone who can see humor in the most disturbing scenarios.
0553381695|4.0|Clash of Kings continues with the president GRRM set in Game of Thrones and expands on certain plot aspects while leaving others in the proverbial dust.<br /><br />To begin this review, let's assume that you've read Game of Thrones and understand the unique method whereby GRRM weaves his tale.  Again in Clash of Kings (COK), the reader is carried along on a grandiose prose through the various characters involved (some more directly than others) by each being given their own chapter.<br /><br />We are introduced to the former Stark ward Theon Greyjoy in this edition who, despite some initial potential, turns out to be quite a traitor.  We continue with the Starks through Catelyn, Sansa & Arya, Bran and Rickon although Robb is sourly lacking in this installment (his exploits are gathered through hearsay and conversations).  Jon Snow (Eddard Stark's bastard) continues his exploits with the Brothers in the Night watch, this time from beyond the wall.  Of course Martin balances out the Starks with the Lannisters through the exploits of the dwarf Tyrion, his sister Cersei, and their marauding father (who, like Robb is basically missing save for a few mentions).  Worst of the lot by far is the nasty child-king Joffery who, quite frankly, better meet his demise soon.<br /><br />The late Robert Baratheon's siblings come to blows over which has the rightful claim to the throne in the form of brothers Stannis and Renly.<br /><br />Daenerys Targaryen's tale moves slowly forward and takes a twist toward the sorceress-side although I must confess that much of my initial intrigue with the character died with her Dothraki prince (in the first book).<br /><br />Additionally there are some new developments in the form of the Onion Knight and the wickedly frightening red priestess.  There's a bit more magic in this edition when compared to the first book and the pacing is quite consistent with Game of Thrones despite the additional bulk of this book.<br /><br />Sadly, those looking for immediate resolve to long-standing plot elements will likely be disappointed to note that the prose simply ends fairly abruptly.  Purchasing the 3rd book (A Storm of Swords) is simply a requisite to the further the threads GRRM so gracefully intertwines here.<br /><br />Some critics fault the story for resembling more of a soap opera set in a medieval environment than a true epic fantasy (and there is slight truth to such claims) but the overall plot is crafted so flawlessly that I found it quite impossible to bail out along the way.  The backbone of the prose isn't overly remarkable (after all it is a succession of family betrayals and plotting for political power) but GRRM delivers the package through such character-driven passion that it simply doesn't get bogged down.  Very highly recommended reading for anyone who appreciates a slow-building, character-based drama with just the right amount of supernatural elements to keep things interesting.ents will likely be disappointed to note that the prose simply ends fairly abruptly.  Purchasing the 3rd book (A Storm of Swords) is simply a requisite to the further the threads GRRM so gracefully intertwines here.    Some critics fault the story for resembling more of a soap opera set in a medieval environment than a true epic fantasy (and there is slight truth to such claims) but the overall plot is crafted so flawlessly that I found it quite impossible to bail out along the way.  The backbone of the prose isn't overly remarkable (after all it is a succession of family betrayals and plotting for political power) but GRRM delivers the package through such character-driven passion that it simply doesn't get bogged down.  Very highly recommended reading for anyone who appreciates a slow-building, character-based drama with just the right amount of supernatural elements to keep things interesting.
B003JTHWJQ|5.0|Explains everything in a very clear layman terms. I did not find one single point that is wrong. Sine this is the best book I read. I have it in print kindle and audible format.
B000F9RB8A|5.0|What a great film,this was one of the suprise imports in the movie theaters,very funny stuff indeed,a very funny kung fu flick with a great story line too,The evil cigarette smoking landlady is very funny and memorable,as well as all the other great elements of this ultra cool film!!! I've had it twice on DVD (the original Widescreen and Axe Kicking Edition),but this Blu Ray Disc takes it even a step further witn great visuals,sound,and pretty much the same extras that were on the original Widescreen DVD release!!! A very recommdended Blu-Ray release!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+
031606792X|1.0|It appears that Ms. Meyers overextended herself the past year by trying to produce both \\"Breaking Dawn\\" and \\"The Host.\\"  Ms. Meyers had promised a satisfying conclusion to the Twilight Saga.  Instead, key story arcs are either (a) trivially/falsely concluded, or (b) left dangling more so than any of the preceding books left us, and the preceding books were suppose to be providing us with \\"to be resolved in future book\\" story arcs.  I am horribly disappointed in the conclusion provided to the Voltari/Cullen conflict.
B000IONJJ2|5.0|Classic comedy indeed,starring John Cleese,Jamie Lee Curtis,Michael Palin,and Kevin Kline in a Oscar winning role!!! This great 2-DVD set has a great transfer of the film and a fishbowl(pun intended)of great extras that this classic comedy deserves,it blows the original DVD release out of the water(again pun inteneded)!!! If you like this great comedy gem,then this 2 DVD set is the way to go!!! Very recommended!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+
B00122M2QU|5.0|Im not sure what the dissers of this record expected, Max has been pretty much making the same record over and over again for Soulfly, (i like them by the way) but to expect anything really NEW would be odd. But in my opinion this is the best thing either of them have done since Max left sepultura! I enjoy every song on this album, each one his a headbanger or moshpit lovers dream, its full force from beginning to end, with out the experimental stuff that fills out most Soulfly albums.  Its really a back to basics metal thrash album.  Simple truth, if you like Seplutura, Soulfly, you'll find something to like here, maybe even more like i did.
0596522347|5.0|I'm a trainer, offering live seminars which we convert to video presentations for our distance learners. I'm comfortable with creating good video, but not so with creating strong slide presentations. For years, we've felt the need for dynamic slide presentations that would heighten the excitement we work to build in our seminars. The slide presentations we created or had created for us, relayed information but they seemed flat to me, not what we were going for.<br /><br />If you're hoping to create a great slide presentation or a great visual presentation of any sort, you will find that this book shows you how to do so. You will learn how to avoid kicking the audience into the yawn zone by creating presentations that have power and impact.<br /><br />If you are even considering the possibility of creating a slide presentation, please consider picking up this book sooner than later. The author will help you to put together a strong presentation that will get your message across to your audience in a powerful and interesting way.  This book is highly recommended.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely loved the book, but I came to a conclusion to why some people felt disappointed with it. Since, I started late in reading the saga and all four was already out. I didn't have to wait it out like most people did, anticipating, waiting, assuming, and reading spoilers. They ruined it for themselves. I even hesitated to read the first book, but had to know for myself why people loved it so much especially with the movie coming out, I knew i had to read it before I watch it. Hopefully the movie is exactly what I imagine everything in my head coming to life, well the screen! lol  Overall, I read all four books within four days because I was so intrigued with it that I had to finish it, all of it (the saga). I love details and Meyer is extremely detailed, I can't explain myself without saying everything I believe is needed to be said, to be understood!   Anyways, some people believe she was \\"imprinting\\" (lol) bad morals onto young girls, I'm 20 years old, I did not once try to put Bella's life into mine. It was more of a fantasy world that I knew did not exist even though, it would be awesome to have an \\"Edward\\" of mine, but it is all for fun and the love of books that bring you to another world. I'm a picky reader, I can only read books that intrigue me to a point I'm stuck and I can't stop! I love it. I loved the way Meyer writes and everything it has to do with the Twilight series, I definitely did not want it to end! To my excitement, I found out about Midnight Sun, Edwards version of twilight with his view and thoughts. YES! I got to understand him even more, but I am not going to ruin it for myself with spoilers, well except for the unedited chapter 1 that could be found on Stephenie Meyer's website, I couldn't help myself even though i roughly knew what to expect. Also some people complained, in Twilight, Bella was too obsessed with Edward, but since it was her narrative I'm sure I would have done the same, but now we get Edwards version which I'm surehe is as much obsessed with her as she is with him.   So people feel a little disappointed because they ruined it for themselves. All I can say is, have fun! books are meant for the imagination where anything could happen, good or bad. So chill out people and read and get lost in this magnificent world in which Meyer has blessed ourself to created for us to share her love for Bella and Edward too!
0385340990|5.0|Like so many others, Englishwoman Juliet Ashton is still reeling from the horrors of WWII, during which she worked as a journalist in London.<br />She still wants to write, but about what? When she receives, serendipitously, a letter from a Guernsey islander, her curiosity is piqued. The Channel Islands were the only territory in the British isles to be occupied by the Nazis. Juliet embarks upon a quest, first in letters and then in person, to get to know the islanders and to learn about their war experiences. In the process, her life changes forever.<br /><br />Like 84, Charing Cross Rd., Guernsey consists solely of letters, in this case exchanged between Juliet and many of the important people in her life. To read them is to observe a love story unfold. Stories of fear, courage, survival, cruelty, and all forms of genuine love are told without pretension, with the personality of each of the correspondents emerging clearly on each page. This book is a joy to read, painful in many places, but a testimony to simple humanity and the need of humans to connect. The islanders learned much during the war, and literature was  the medium that first brought them together, just as books continue to do today.<br /><br />I could not recommend this book more highly, to men and women alike.
B00004U8JV|4.0|Not sure why so many people seem to dislike this film.  Laugh if you like, but I think it's the best of the entire series.  After watching the first one, I found myself aching to see what Spielberg could have done with the dinosaurs in a big city environment and boy, did he ever deliver in this one!  I stood up and pumped my fist in the theatre when the T-Rex first appeared on the outskirts of the big city and let out a deafening roar -- serving notice to the populace that total mayhem was about to ensue.  Spielberg takes us on a fun-loving, even nostalgic trip back through the Monster/Sci-Fi films of the '50s and '60s by \\"freshening up\\" the whole genre.  It's a terrific fantasy that any American boy would love to watch -- nothing but good, old-fashioned fun.  And isn't that what movies are supposed to be anyway?  In a word, this film is \\"awesome\\"!    Chris H.  Florida
B000002UWW|5.0|Ah, early Red Hot Chili Peppers: Flea's throbbing bass line; punchy drumming that's right on cue from Chad Smith; angular guitar work by Hillel Balzary; and the fluent, speedy rap style of Anthony Kiedis. For a band that's been through so much self-imposed heartache throughout its career, the Red Hot Chili Peppers sure wrote lots of fun, optimistic tunes early on. Songs like Stevie Wonder's \\"Higher Ground,\\" \\"Me and My Friends\\" and \\"Fight Like a Brave\\" are positively life affirming and full of an unbridled energy that can't be feigned. When played live even today, for instance, \\"Me and My Friends\\" is a raucous riot that practically blows the crowd back two feet with each perfectly enunciated word during the chorus. Displaying their diversity, however, the RHCP boys were as equally adept early in their career at writing and playing laid-back, melodic fare such as \\"Behind the Sun\\" (a great summer tune) and soulful tracks like \\"If You Want Me to Stay\\" and \\"Hollywood.\\"<br /><br />Mostly, though, \\"What Hits!?\\" is a splendid, stylish array of some of RHCP's best, most fast-and-furious cuts from the early days. From the dance-worthy \\"Backwoods\\" on down, \\"What Hits!?\\" is filled with one hyper sing-along after another. In fact, this happily caffeinated CD is so naively vibrant and energetic that the one true \\"hit\\" on the album, the overplayed \\"Under the Bridge,\\" seems somewhat out of place. More at home on the CD are tunes like \\"Get Up and Jump,\\" \\"Jungle Man,\\" \\"The Brothers Cup\\" and \\"Catholic School Girls Rule,\\" all of which sound as if, before being perfected in a recording studio, they were finely honed in a basement at someone's high school party or at a crazy after-hours shindig. Saving the best for last, like a great concert encore, \\"Johnny Kick a Hole in the Sky\\" properly closes out the CD.<br /><br />I didn't used to dig and respect these guys as much as I do now. RHCP is one of those rare bands who never lost its fans when it completely expanded its sound as time moved along. If anything, RHCP gained fans over the years. The band developed from unique and innovative funk-rock and the slap-happy rapping style of Kiedis to a more layered sound, becoming more guitar-oriented and way more textured, complex and melodic. Though there's something very \\"underground 1980s L.A.\\" about all these songs, there is also a sense of some massive, bubbling potential and of eventually breaking out -- on the band's own terms.. If anything, RHCP gained fans over the years. The band developed from unique and innovative funk-rock and the slap-happy rapping style of Kiedis to a more layered sound, becoming more guitar-oriented and way more textured, complex and melodic. Though there's something very \\"underground 1980s L.A.\\" about all these songs, there is also a sense of some massive, bubbling potential and of eventually breaking out -- on the band's own terms.
B000W4HJ44|5.0|I am so glad that I spent the extra dollars in buying this version instead of just the movie by itself. It comes with great extras!!! Like three featurettes that describe the story of the first movie, the musical and every little detail of the movie musical!!! And it comes with great features as extended looks and behind the scenes goodies of all of the major scenes from the movie!!! It was just wonderful!!!
0307386171|5.0|In \\"On Chesil Beach\\" Ian McEwan, as usually, delivers what expected of him. Exeptionally good literature, exceptionally good character study and background.<br />Florence, a violinist, and Edward, a historian, young college graduates and, what is more important, newlyweds, are about to spend their first night together. The honeymoon started well, they are in a hotel suite overlooking the beach, but none of them is happy - they fear what happens when they attempt intercourse., And, although they fear for totally different reasons (or maybe partly because of this?) it leads them to the tragic misunderstanding and puts the end to their marriage.<br /><br />McEwan, like in his previous novel, \\"Saturday\\", connects the central conflict between the pair of protagonists with the place and time of their life, and their social status. Again, he comes back to his point that we are trapped in our era and culture and most of us cannot find the way out. This new novel is very precisely set in 1962, a year before the end of the Chatterley ban and the Beatles' first LP. The young people still live according to old rules, but long for something new, something undefined and tempting, and at the same time are afraid of it. The tale told here belongs to the epoch, but at the same time is as universal and timeless as we can only imagine. It is a simple story about two people, very much in love and seemingly at the beginning of a very happy, successful married life, who shatter everything because of their assumptions, inability to communicate and to open to each other's feelings, and lack of understanding. The spoken and unspoken words change their lives without a chance for a change. The tragedy is not only their view of each other, but - and this is essential - their ignorance of their own feelings and characters, which they do not know themselves (example: Florence's own belief in her frigidity) - and when they learn who they really are, it is too late.<br /><br />McEwans language is, as usual, crystal clear and precise. The narrative is disciplined and transparent. There are just enough words for this short (but not too short) novel to be perfect. The dialogues flow and there is nothing superfluous, nothing redundant, every word is accounted for. The story is perfectly constructed, flawless - but not without some winks towards the reader, like a temptation after the climax to read on to the end... hoping for a change, although knowing what the end will be. Superb.clear and precise. The narrative is disciplined and transparent. There are just enough words for this short (but not too short) novel to be perfect. The dialogues flow and there is nothing superfluous, nothing redundant, every word is accounted for. The story is perfectly constructed, flawless - but not without some winks towards the reader, like a temptation after the climax to read on to the end... hoping for a change, although knowing what the end will be. Superb.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|I maybe little bias since I could only watch 30 minutes. I have one or two complaints about this movie.     1) The camera movements were all of over the place. The movements of the camera made me sick and dizzy. I was hoping it would calm down, but didn't. And it looks like others had the same complaint. I know it's suppose to be a documentary style but documentaries don't have to be that jumpy.    2) The Story line was just plainly stupid.  This is a movie that took itself to seriously and tried to make something out of nothing.      3) The acting wasn't believable.  IF you're going to make a movie like this and use unknown actors. At least get top of the line acting since this maybe their big break. Not the ones the movie used since this maybe and only movie they make.      4) Not another Blair Witch Project. Hasn't Hollywood learned it's lesson.....yet. I guess as long as they're making money, they don't care.
031606792X|4.0|** spoiler alert ** SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!!! SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!!!<br /><br />I was so-so on the third book of this series, going back and forth between liked it/not so much, but I still waited with great anticipation for this final book. I'll just summarize with some of my thoughts:<br /><br />-- I felt the book was too long -- things dragged a bit and I wasn't as captivated as I have been in the past.<br /><br />-- I liked Bella a lot more as a vampire than as a human. Whereas before she didn't seem like a teenager, as a vampire, she ...more SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!!! SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!!!<br /><br />I was so-so on the third book of this series, going back and forth between liked it/not so much, but I still waited with great anticipation for this final book. I'll just summarize with some of my thoughts:<br /><br />-- I felt the book was too long -- things dragged a bit and I wasn't as captivated as I have been in the past.<br /><br />-- I liked Bella a lot more as a vampire than as a human. Whereas before she didn't seem like a teenager, as a vampire, she \\"fit\\" better.<br /><br />-- I liked how the vampires were shown as more \\"human\\".<br /><br />-- I liked how the werewolves found a place with the vampires (and nice save at the end, calling them shape-shifters instead of werewolves -- I'd always wondered why no one got bitten and \\"changed\\".)<br /><br />-- I'm still completely creeped out by werewolves imprinting on babies. Sorry, couldn't get past the gross factor on that.<br /><br />-- The ending was interesting, but the last few pages kind of left me flat -- although I have no idea how she could have ended it any other way.<br /><br />All in all, glad I read it, but I wasn't overwhelmed with awesomeness. I gave it four stars mainly because as a series, I liked it, and am quite glad I read it. Not literary perfection, but anyone reading it expecting that is in the wrong section of the book store.
0743290119|2.0|This is by far one of the worst chic-lit books I've read. I loved Devil Wears Prada, I even liked her second book, but this?? There is no way this book would be published without the first two. Bleeh!
B0011ZNAIC|3.0|Dreamworks seems to be in perpetual competition with Pixar.  Year after year they come out with CGI-animated movies dealing with weird and wacky subjects that try to be as innovative as the Pixar movie coming out that year.  This one is one of the better ones by Dreamworks.  Starring Jerry Seinfeld, it revolves around a bee who decides to sue humanity over our theft of \\"their\\" honey.  The feel of the movie is bright; bright colors, bright music, cheery dialogue, and of course, bright-colored characters - bees.  The setting is NYC with humor straight out of the Seinfeld TV show as befits the main actor.  All in all, a good 1.5 hours of comedy appropriate for all ages.
0789318121|3.0|So since I've become Batman-obsessed, I decided to read through  a \\"behind-the-scenes\\" book for the latest movie.  If you liked \\"The Dark Knight\\" and maybe wanted to relive parts of the movie, then you're in luck.  The majority of the script (think 98%) is here in this book, along with pictures and artwork.  The pictures that accompany the script are tiny, which is kind of a bummer.  There are several sets of artwork and drawings for the movie at the beginning of the book, but the majority of them are related to Batman's technology and cityscapes... when there are so many cool characters (The Joker, Two-Face), why would you devote such a small amount of space to them and so much to the Batpod?  It almost felt like the author was avoiding spoilers... but in a book that includes the script, that seems a little pointless.  The section of actual behind-the-scenes descriptions, interviews, and artwork is very cool, but it's just a small taste of what you have to imagine is a huge amount of work.  I'm glad I read through the book, and I'll probably spend some more time looking at pictures and contemplating seeing the movie again, but otherwise I don't think this is worth buying.  Check it out from your library!  :P
B0001US8FI|1.0|If there's one thing I personally hate with every ounce of my body, it's a mediocre film that gets propped up on an undeserving pedestal for nostalgic reasons. Why? Because frequently the film's proponents will mask their nostalgia by magically transforming mediocrity into greatness with their rose-colored glasses. Meanwhile, these fanatics will demean other movies that are objectively better than their beloved film for no valid reason. Yes, I know that the enjoyability of a movie is subjective to each viewer, but the most superlative claims made by these fanatics venture dangerously into assertions of objective fact.<br /><br />Bruce Lee fans are a perfect example. While reading comments for \\"Enter the Dragon\\", I hear endless put downs for every martial arts movie that doesn't star Bruce Lee. Considering the fact that none of his movies ever succeeded to crack the ceiling of mediocrity, a non-nostalgic observer (absent of brainwashing) can only conclude that these are certifiable lunatics trying to convince themselves that \\"Enter the Dragon\\" is a great movie, either due to nostalgic reasons or coersive pressuring from media (and fanboys) to jump on a bandwagon with square wheels.<br /><br />As a fan of martial arts cinema, I can ignore a mediocre script, wooden acting, and an inept storyline if the film gives me what I want in terms of action. \\"Enter the Dragon\\" fails to provide what it so desperately attempts to accomplish: well-choreographed, entertaining fight scenes.<br /><br />Some Bruce Lee lunatics start their reviews by saying that the opening fight is a \\"brilliant sequence of moves.\\" I can only respond to this as I would someone who says that the sun is black - shake my head in disbelief and slowly walk away in fear of being assaulted. When one watches this scene (as with most of Bruce's fights), there is a noticeable lack of two things: combinations and countermoves. Bruce will typically engage in a series of one-hit exchanges with his opponents while mixing in a few three-move combos. Meanwhile, his opponents act like sparring dummies to be owned as necessary. While this has the potential to work in a one-vs-many scene, it simply doesn't work in a one-on-one scene. If you think that the beginning fight in \\"Enter the Dragon\\" is \\"brilliant\\", then you need to watch the Wu Jing/Andy On exchange in \\"Fatal Contact\\" (2006) for an example of a truly scintillating martial arts fight with combinations and countermoves executed with great speed and precision. If you still think the Bruce Lee/Sammo Hung fight is better, please seek psychological counseling immediately.<br /><br />Afterward the viewer is treated to some lame fights with John Saxon, Jim Kelly, and a Chinese lady, none of which look convincing on screen. After some incredibly bloated and overly long shots of boats on water (as well as some partying) we finally get to see Bruce do something again. This time, he goes stealth and takes out a few guards using nothing more than a few incredibly basic punches and chops. Mediocrity at its finest.<br /><br />Later on, Bruce goes stealth again but must now deal with a few dozen baddies in what many lunatics claim to be a spectacular one-against-many scene. In all honesty, I thought it was good and entertaining, with a bit of welcomed variety in terms of weaponry and moves. However, at least 70% of the baddies were dispatched with a simple fist to the face, which undermines this scene from being anything more than \\"good.\\" If you think this one-against-many fight was \\"spectacular\\", then you need to watch the Tony Jaa finale in \\"Tom Yum Goong\\" (2005), where he dispatches over 40 guys using over 30 different strikes, holds, and take-downs. The sheer variety of that scene easily overpowers anything Bruce Lee ever did. If you still think the Bruce Lee scene was better, please look under \\"Psychiatrist\\" in your Yellow Pages.<br /><br />We finally come to an overrated finale where Bruce takes out 90% of his opponents using the same exact kick and punch. Virtually no effort was put into the fight choreography, and it's obvious to anyone without a platinum membership to Rose Colored Glasses, Inc. It gets a little better when Bruce spars with the main villain, but the all-too-common shortcomings of Bruce Lee fights - the lack of combos and counterattacks - rears its ugly head even here. Sure, there are a few good exchanges, but for the most part it's incredibly bland (Bruce's slow-mo jump kick being a case in point) and the actor playing the villain is just too slow and unconvincing. Unlike Bruce's other films (e.g., \\"Way of the Dragon\\"), they had other credible stuntmen and martial artists in this movie. Why not choose a more athletic lead antagonist (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, etc.) to provide for some sparks? As is, it's a decent but disappointing scene that's very drawn out with lots of unnecessary slow motion.<br /><br />Now, I'm familiar with the dangers of expressing an unpopular viewpoint in the realm of movies, and I am convinced that Bruce Lee fanatics have unknowingly established an organized religion of sorts that will stop at nothing to insult and demean anyone who doesn't like Bruce's movies - one may as well call it the \\"Cinematic Inquisition.\\" Don't misunderstand me though. I have a great deal of respect for Bruce Lee as an intelligent person and an exceptional martial artist, but whether or not his movies are entertaining is a completely different issue altogether. The fact still remains that we have an incredible martial artist in middling action films.put into the fight choreography, and it's obvious to anyone without a platinum membership to Rose Colored Glasses, Inc. It gets a little better when Bruce spars with the main villain, but the all-too-common shortcomings of Bruce Lee fights - the lack of combos and counterattacks - rears its ugly head even here. Sure, there are a few good exchanges, but for the most part it's incredibly bland (Bruce's slow-mo jump kick being a case in point) and the actor playing the villain is just too slow and unconvincing. Unlike Bruce's other films (e.g., \\"Way of the Dragon\\"), they had other credible stuntmen and martial artists in this movie. Why not choose a more athletic lead antagonist (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, etc.) to provide for some sparks? As is, it's a decent but disappointing scene that's very drawn out with lots of unnecessary slow motion.    Now, I'm familiar with the dangers of expressing an unpopular viewpoint in the realm of movies, and I am convinced that Bruce Lee fanatics have unknowingly established an organized religion of sorts that will stop at nothing to insult and demean anyone who doesn't like Bruce's movies - one may as well call it the \\"Cinematic Inquisition.\\" Don't misunderstand me though. I have a great deal of respect for Bruce Lee as an intelligent person and an exceptional martial artist, but whether or not his movies are entertaining is a completely different issue altogether. The fact still remains that we have an incredible martial artist in middling action films.
031606792X|1.0|*Contains a spoiler*    I've read the spoilers and I read a few chapters of the book. I refuse to read any more of it. I don't want to further taint my memories of Twilight. I'm so dissapointed, I was looking foward to this book. I loved Twilight and I liked New Moon. Things really went downhill in Eclipse, I shouldn't have had my hopes up for this book. I don't understand how anyone liked it. Vampires cannot impregnate anyone, they're dead. That alone makes this book so incredibly stupid.
B0010358D0|2.0|I've never been a huge fan of John Woo. I think Hard Boiled (1992) is one of the greatest action films ever made, and I liked The Killer (1989), A Better Tomorrow (1986), and Bullet In the Head (1990), but we need to be honest with ourselves and recognize that this guy sold his soul to Hollywood in the mid-1990s and hasn't made a great film since 1992.    He has, however, completely destroyed a sequel to one of the best American movies of recent memory (Mission Impossible) by over-Hollywoodizing a uniquely non-Hollywood film made by Hollywood. That's quite an ironic feat that he should be particularly ashamed of. Now we have Appleseed: Ex Machina (2007) to add to the list of Woo-ish debacles over the past 16 years.    This sequel to the exceptional anime drops the ball in a number of respects, yet still proves to be a marginally entertaining movie. The most obvious fault is that numerous events are near copies of science fiction movies from the West, thus making this endeavor much too conventional for a Japanese anime. In addition, the storyline wasn't as well-conceived as the original. Luckily, this movie has just enough positives to earn a watch. The protagonists are very likable characters, the plot is engaging, and the visuals are very good. The action scenes don't reach the levels of exoticism or quality of the original, but they are still moderately entertaining. In the end this is a very flawed picture that will only satisfy anime action junkies that can look around some mediocre elements.     Now, there were some very specific Woo-ish aspects that really annoyed me. First and foremost are the doves. Yes, there are heaping amounts of flying doves in this Japanese anime film! Why the hell is John Woo so obsessed with doves? Yeah, they provide some ironic symbolism during action scenes, but using them to the degree that he does I have no doubts that he touches himself to pictures of doves when he's alone at night. And the fact that he uses these little birdiesin almost every one of his movies proves to be almost as annoying as Rob Zombie's habitual use of white trash folk in his movies. Yes, it's that annoying.    But wait. Maybe I'm jumping to conclusions regarding just how much influence Woo had in this watchable (yet severely disappointing) sequel. So I fired up the Special Features option on the DVD menu and watched the 16-minute \\"Making Of\\" featurette that focuses specifically on John Woo's influence as a producer. It provided some much needed information regarding just how far this has-been shell of a director has fallen. Let me run down some of the statements made by the Japanese director and producers of this film:     \\"This is the first time a big time Hollywood director has tried to tackle Japanese Anime.\\"     So Woo isn't even recognized as a director of Chinese cinema anymore. How quaint. No one in this \\"Making Of\\" feature even mentioned his Chinese filmography.    \\"Japanese producers wanted to expand into the Western market and saw that working with John Woo would be a good match.\\"     Nice. If your name is dropped by someone as the foremost expert in Hollywoodization, would you really take that as a compliment? Man, this guy has really hit rock bottom.    \\"John brought his years of experience in Hollywood to it.\\"     Well, he certainly brought all of the negatives of Hollywood cinema to this production. That was obvious from watching the movie. How many times do you see a Japanese Anime film copy scenes from I Robot and The Matrix Revolutions? Yes, it's really, really pathetic.    The most enlightening statement was with regards to the preliminary Japanese storyboards.    \\"John took a look at it and came up with some really great notes.\\"     What was particularly hilarious about this statement is that on-screen you see John Woo's head shaking in a disapproving, almost disgusted manner while watching the initial storyboards. It's almost like he's saying to himself, \\"This is way too Japanese for an American audience. We need more slow-mo shots and conventional elements to reach a wider audience and make more money.\\" Nice job Johnny boy.    Director Shinji Aramaki apparently conceived Ex Machina to be nothing more than a tribute to Woo's work. He says:     \\"We devised the Cathedral scene before John showed up to pay homage to his work.\\"     It's really too bad that Aramaki was so accommodating to implementing all of Woo's ideas into the film. It effectively crippled a movie that should have been as good as the original.    I hate to say it, but John Woo is a no-talent has-been who has only harmed the international film industry since making Hard Boiled in 1992. I have no problems with him making tripe in America. Heck, that's what American cinema is for. But don't you DARE to take your new-found money-grubbing mediocrity to Japanese anime - one of the most unconventional genres of cinema in the world today.    Someone needs to stop this guy before he attempts to wreck another Asian movie.
076535618X|5.0|Even after I had closed this book on the satisfying last page, I had to think hard.  There are a lot of adjectives one can use about this novel: audacious, funny, moving, wise and crazy.  I had to give it 5 stars because I loved the characters and the mad twists of the plot kept me riveted.<br /><br />John Perry, hero of Old Man's War, is back in a human body, happily retired on an agricultural world as a village ombudsman with Jane Sagan, the second reincarnation of his first wife and Zoe, the orphaned daughter of a traitor to humanity (The Ghost Brigades). His old commanding officer shows up with an offer he can't refuse: to lead a new colony composed of settlers from ten other frontier worlds.  Only after the ship arrives at its new destination does John learn the \\"catch\\".  There's more twists in this plot than a second hand corkscrew caught in a trash compacter.<br /><br />About three-quarters of the way through the book, I finally questioned some of the political angles of this thriller plot.  There is an inherent defect in founding a colony in order to exploit it for propaganda purposes and then keeping the existence of the colony secret. Illogical?  Yes, but then I looked at the universe I currently live in. Scalzi's whole logical tangle reaches such a pitch of perfection that I could not take away a single star.  Scalzi is NOT Heinlein.  He's too cheeky, too tongue-in-cheek and rips out too many jokes about expelling gas. I love his stuff.  More. More!
0446677450|5.0|What ppl don't understand is that you're never supposed to actually take things you read in books like this literally. If he says a certain investment is smart, or he made money a certain way, do your research and see if its right for you. Just like any book, the specific examples used are not as important as the message behind the book. I read all the criticisms of Robert Kiyosaki online, (just google him and the word scam). But to me its not about him, whether or not he has this or that, its about the fact that I his message is one that resonates with me.    I'm a business student in college and I really learned a lot from this book, not just about money, but about life in general. People don't know this book is more about life and how you choose to live: a slave or free. Many of the things he's saying, \\"don't work all your life like your parents, ect.\\"are all things I have thought about, but this book really articulated the ideas well and re-affirmed it.     Don't buy this book if you literally want to learn to get rich, what you will get from this book is a good sense of the mindset you must be in to be rich. Its about being ambitious and thinking Rich, securing yourself financially so you can be free and do what you want. Would def recommend this to every and anyone, period. The bad reviews come from ppl who take the words literally and try to follow his instructions, go for the message, not the details.
B000051YD6|5.0|One can say a whole bunch of words about this recording but once you listen you have to stop yourself and say \\"what good are words to express this?\\" What good are words to express the feeling that falls upon you, heavy in the room, when the last notes of \\"Emperor\\" end and the silence you dreaded to hear -- but that you knew was perfectly placed -- lingers and you know that you can't listen to any more music today, or perhaps longer, out of reverence to the triumph of the human mind spelled out so brilliantly in Beethoven's composition or the testament to a life dedicated to music rendering each of those notes so flawlessly through the fingertips of Claudio Arrau...or perhaps because you know that anything else you listen to today would be hollow and weak in comparison.<br /><br />There really aren't any words that truly do this recording justice.
0385340990|5.0|I don't throw words like 'charming' around much, but this book really is.  It's Jane Austen-ish, but better in that it's not certain who our heroine will end up.<br />But don't be alarmed; it's not sappy or silly or one-dimensional like Austen can sometimes be (much as I love her wit).  Deadly serious and affecting are the stories of how the tough people of Guernsey survived the German occupation.<br />IF YOU LOVED THIS BOOK YOU MUST READ: The Book of Ebenezer Le Page.  It's so good.  The patois is hard at first, but it's one of the most satisfying and absorbing books I've ever read.
158270208X|3.0|[[ASIN:1847371884 Secret Gratitude Book]] The book is beautiful but I thought there would be more written content - not a diary style book.  The shipment came within specified time and was packed well.
031606792X|5.0|I have read all of the Twilight series and this was a wonderful ending to those books. Stephanie Meyer really out did herself! Don't forget about the movie! Twilight comes out November 21, 2008!!!
031606792X|3.0|i liked the book, but is was deffintly not my favorite. i think it could have been much better. especially after reading the first three and the host
B0007939NO|5.0|This is my all time favorite movie.  I have had it for years on VHS and just finally got it on DVD.  LOVE IT!
B000002GZ1|5.0|Along with Earl Hooker's \\"The Moon Is Rising\\", this album is a Chicago Blues masterpiece. Though the lead singer and harmonica player is white, his singing is more than credible and his harmonica playing is excellent. Guitarist Michael Bloomfield plays some incendiary lead guitar, and was taken from us much too early. His death is a tragedy in the truest sense of the world. I recently viewed a video of him at one of the many folk festivals during the 1960s, perhaps Newport, talking about how his father is rich, his family is Jewish, he had a Bar Mitzvah, and how he'll never be able to play or sing like Son House. His admiration for the great Son House was more than obvious. Recently, rock guitar magazines have started to talk more about Bloomfield and his wonderful talents, which is a great thing. He deserves to be ranked up there with Clapton and Allman in terms of white guys who play Blues and/or Blues-Rock. Every track on this album is fun, full of energy and masterfully played. I highly recommend this album to anybody interested in Chicago Blues, especially those coming to the Blues from a Classic Rock or Clapton-related background. My personal favorite on the album is the band's cover of Elmore James' \\"Shake Your Moneymaker\\", which is a great deal different than the original, but in a good way.
B0002F6BRE|5.0|I don't watch too many movies more than once, and hardly ever buy any, but this clever film is a favorite of mine. My kids and I watch it every year around Christmas and regale each other with lines from the movie. I noticed my brother doing the same with his kids. (Are you an angry elf?) I am sure we are not the only ones.  I love how John Favreau tied it into the Christmas movies we watched when we were younger.   Highly recommend!
B0019IB26I|5.0|The CD is great; John Mayer live is definitely a must get. His acoustic and guitar playing are soulful
B000NDIAWY|5.0|Awesome voice, great lyrics, haunting melodies.  Raw emotion, life experiences, beautifully sung!  A keeper...
1591841992|4.0|Terrific! Anything that gets us out of our linear box is worth trying and doing again and again. As I say in my own book, \\"The Expert's Edge,\\" to succeed and practice thoughtleading, you've got to \\"develop leading-edge ideas.\\" The \\"Back of the Napkin\\" can teach you how to do so.
B00065MDSQ|5.0|The third album of the Fripp-Bruford-Wetton incarnation of King Crimson, it is also their most consistently realized. It's the album that finally puts on tape what Fripp seemed to be trying to conceptualize when he put together a new line-up for Larks' Tongues in Aspic, when he finally shucked off the lyrical hippie-trappings of the founding Crimson in favor of his muse's excruciatingly cerebral logic-rock.  Brainy, however, does not mean anemic in Fripp's world, as he and crew plow their way into a soundscape of the most visceral noises imaginable.  All the more impressively given that this is music from 1974.  Recorded yesterday, it could still cause a stir (I'd hope), with the remastering only adding to the sonic pleasures of the disc. So it seems only logical that, after such a total realization of one's musical vision, that the band was disbanded (until seven years later, when Crimson would rise again in a new, radically altered form).<br /><br />The album opens with the instrumental \\"Red\\", and has more musical interest in the first thirty seconds than most progressive rock albums: a rising scale over a distinctly exotic chord progression modulates around the fretboard three times in 5/4 to end finally on a totally delicious, metallized chord.  The main riff then kicks in (midtempo, heavy, in alternating time-signatures), Fripp's guitar and chord progressions already in wholly new country, Wetton's bass thrumming along underneath and Bruford popping accents in all the right most unexpected places.  This gives way to a middle section of intensely restrained chords under which growls what sounds like an enormously amplified, ultradistorted cello.  The main theme returns, and the song ends as it began, with the opening scales.  It's an exquisitely realized masterpiece, and might even be Fripp's most inspired composition to date.<br /><br />\\"Fallen Angel\\" takes us into more conventional territory musically, but the conventionality actually enhances the song.  On the face of it, the song is initially a rather soulful, semi-acoustic piece, sung with more conviction and power than Wetton has previously managed.  But while the verse is comfortingly conventional, the chorus itself thunders in with a thick, heavy guitar arpeggio (reminiscent of the heavy guitar line from the Beatles' \\"She's so Heavy\\") glossed over with saxophone.  Virtuosity has given way here to (guitar) orchestration and layering.  The richness and thickness of the sounds, and the tact that Fripp displays for instance when he buries a shredding skysaw riff almost entirely in the mix, is what gives the piece such power.<br /><br />\\"One More Red Nightmare\\", by contrast, begins unabashedly with what sounds like a growling, thick variation on the closing lick from \\"Lament\\" (on \\"Starless and Bible Black) with twisted parallel harmonies.  The bridge, still avoiding pure showmanship, has jangly guitar with a heavily wah-wah pedaled \\"lead\\".  As in \\"Red\\", another bridge section has articulated guitar with the bass hammering out the lead, this time with sax and wah-wah guitar to just add even more depth to the sound.  A minor quibble:  Wetton vocally seems not as up to the same level here as he demonstrates throughout the rest of the album.<br /><br />\\"Providence\\", an improvisation from the city of the same name, follows.  Needing to fill out side two on the original album, Fripp finally opts for a live artifact, rather than inventing some unconvincing filler and hiding it behind the label of art-rock.  Like many Crimson improvisations, this one takes a bit to get its legs, but when it finally kicks in full bore, one assumes it was a no-brainer selecting this piece for \\"Red\\".  The remastering really makes itself felt here, bringing out the phenomenal power of the live band.  And, quite frankly, the squawks and shrieks David Cross tortures out of his violin are pretty nifty.<br /><br />The album ends with \\"Starless\\", one of the greatest things ever penned by Fripp.  Openingwith a haunting mellotron and lead, the music steps back to let John Wetton have his finest moment at the mic.  (He would hit this highpoint again on UK's \\"Carrying no Cross\\", which structurally resembles \\"Starless\\".)  The song runs through the conventional verse-chorus structure twice, then reprises the opening guitar lead again.  Nothing special compositionally so far-just exquisite orchestration, exemplified by the cello that accompanies Wetton when the verse next returns.  But then comes the bridge, which is pure must-hear.  Fripp alternately twangs away on one note at a time, while Wetton picks out an extremely cool, extremely slow bass line in 13.  Bruford, naturally, is adding color and accents, but it is the guitar and bass that rivets your attention.  Slowly, and very patiently, the bass line (growing more and more wickedly distorted as it goes) and lone twanging guitar note modulate and repeat around the fretboard, until Bruford officially joins in.  The whole thing builds to an exceeding intensity, at which point Fripp unleashes a solo of nothing but wailing, bent notes, the bass fully tweaked up, the drums a forest of cymbals and accents.<br /><br />Unfortunately, a horrible thing then happens.  Wetton repeats the 13/4 riff at about 8 times the original tempo, Fripp uses his guitar as a crash cymbal, and a rather sorry saxophone plows right through the middle of everything.  The second time through this accelerated version of the slow riff there is no sax, and Fripp is replaying his bent-note solo, but the damage is done.  It's this compositional lapse of taste that puts \\"Starless\\" on a tenuous footing for \\"Best Old King Crimson Song Ever\\" (which probably goes to \\"Fracture\\"). Despite this stumble, though, the opening theme then returns with a vengeance, suddenly opening up into a sonic richness that is genuinely breathtaking to listen to.  Here is the grandeur Fripp wanted, but couldn't find, for the closing of \\"In the Court of the Crimson King\\".<br /><br />I can only imagine how it must have felt for the band as the final notes of this album first rang in their ears.  I'd've been overwhelmed with the sense of accomplishment.music steps back to let John Wetton have his finest moment at the mic.  (He would hit this highpoint again on UK's \\"Carrying no Cross\\", which structurally resembles \\"Starless\\".)  The song runs through the conventional verse-chorus structure twice, then reprises the opening guitar lead again.  Nothing special compositionally so far-just exquisite orchestration, exemplified by the cello that accompanies Wetton when the verse next returns.  But then comes the bridge, which is pure must-hear.  Fripp alternately twangs away on one note at a time, while Wetton picks out an extremely cool, extremely slow bass line in 13.  Bruford, naturally, is adding color and accents, but it is the guitar and bass that rivets your attention.  Slowly, and very patiently, the bass line (growing more and more wickedly distorted as it goes) and lone twanging guitar note modulate and repeat around the fretboard, until Bruford officially joins in.  The whole thing builds to an exceeding intensity, at which point Fripp unleashes a solo of nothing but wailing, bent notes, the bass fully tweaked up, the drums a forest of cymbals and accents.    Unfortunately, a horrible thing then happens.  Wetton repeats the 13/4 riff at about 8 times the original tempo, Fripp uses his guitar as a crash cymbal, and a rather sorry saxophone plows right through the middle of everything.  The second time through this accelerated version of the slow riff there is no sax, and Fripp is replaying his bent-note solo, but the damage is done.  It's this compositional lapse of taste that puts \\"Starless\\" on a tenuous footing for \\"Best Old King Crimson Song Ever\\" (which probably goes to \\"Fracture\\"). Despite this stumble, though, the opening theme then returns with a vengeance, suddenly opening up into a sonic richness that is genuinely breathtaking to listen to.  Here is the grandeur Fripp wanted, but couldn't find, for the closing of \\"In the Court of the Crimson King\\".    I can only imagine how it must have felt for the band as the final notes of this album first rang in their ears.  I'd've been overwhelmed with the sense of accomplishment.
0786838655|5.0|I'm a bit bashful to be in my twenties and so obsessed with a YA book series but this is one of those remarkable series that transcends age and can appeal to both teenagers and those much older.<br /><br />Once Rowling put the pen down to finish the last chapter in the Harry Potter series many of us probably were wondering what author (even Rowling herself) could rise and fill the fanatical void that Hogwarts created.  Thankfully Riordan rose to replace Harry Potter with Percy Jackson.<br /><br />The formula was set up for us previously and mirrors the Potter series in many ways.  An adolescent boy who has always felt different and outcast comes to realize he has powers of mythical proportion (he's a demigod) and has to carry out a prophecy.  He goes to a summer camp (like Hogwarts) for other demigods who have been living among mortals just like him and come to train to be heroes similar to the manner in which Hercules himself was.  He is of course accompanied by a talented girl (a Hermione substitute) and a loyal but clumsy Chiron (a shoe in for Ron).  We even have a Dumbledore character in there (Mr. Brunner, a centaur) that has existed for centuries and dispenses sage advice and direction without interfering directly in the adventures of the adolescent group.<br /><br />While the formula may be similar the product is magically different.  There is a TON of Greek mythology in this book and an adventure and witticism that is purely Riordan.  Unlike the Potter series which was completely a world of her own making this series takes an epic twist by combining many of the ancient Greek stories and even incorporates other great pieces of literature such as the Iliad and the Odyssey.  It is written in such as way that extremely complicated and sophisticated stories are accessible to a younger audience but provide a deeper appreciation for older readers as well.<br /><br />For parents, teachers, older siblings this is a great way to connect on some common ground and interest.  My younger brother and I are reading this series together and we both love it for many of the same reasons and a bunch of different ones.I are reading this series together and we both love it for many of the same reasons and a bunch of different ones.
B0012IV3RS|3.0|In the seedy streets of New York City, a savage killer who talks like a cartoon duck is the loose at night stalking innocent women and slaughtering them in horrific ways you can't imagine. Detective Williams and the rest of the cops are on the verge to find this sick demented killer who keeps spilling entrails on the streets leaving them horrific clues to find, they will need to find him on whoever is next on the list of htis maniac.<br /><br />A horrifying, nasty, sleazy and unpleasant Italian slasher crime flick is Lucio Fulci's most controversial yet! the film has been notorious for being sexist with it's depiction of women being killed in terrible ways even in the private areas, the film is as shocking as they say. It's difficult to watch at times with the violence and torture such as a woman getting her nipple sliced off in a way that tops the one from \\"Ichi The Killer\\", the acting isn't too bad and the music score is quite groovy yet it even enhances the mood of this trashy little film.<br /><br />This DVD is the re-issue of Anchor Bay's excellent release with good sound and picture quality with two extras which are a trailer and a bio on the infamous Italian director, this movie isn't for everyone and definitely not for the faint of heart but for those brave enough to stomach this quite good gore and sleaze-o-rama then this is a must see for gorehounrds and Italian horror fans.<br /><br />Also recommended: \\"Ichi The Killer\\", \\"The Untold Story\\", \\"Maniac (1980)\\", \\"Demons\\", \\"City of the Living Dead (a.k.a. Gates of Hell)\\", \\"Zombie (a.k.a. Zombi 2)\\", \\"Se7en\\", \\"Saw Series\\", \\"Severance\\", \\"House By The Cemetery\\", \\"Driller Killer\\", \\"Untracable\\", \\"Hostel 1 & 2\\", \\"Men Behind The Sun\\", \\"The Hills Have Eyes (1977 and 2006)\\", \\"High Tension\\", \\"Bloodsucking Freaks\\", \\"Last House on The Left\\", \\"The Toxic Avenger\\", \\"Opera\\", \\"Inferno\\", \\"Suspiria\\", \\"Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer\\", \\"Wolf Creek\\", \\"Silence of the Lambs\\", \\"Manhunter\\", \\"Hannibal\\", \\"Stage Fright (1987)\\", \\"Silent Hill\\", \\"A Nightmare on Elm Street\\", \\"Perfect Blue\\", \\"Tenebre\\", \\"Angel Heart\\", \\"House of 1000 Corpses\\", \\"The Devil's Rejects\\", \\"Captivity\\", \\"Borderland\\", \\"Frontier(s)\\", \\"Wrong Turn\\", \\"Cat O'Nine Tails\\", \\"Re-Animator\\", \\"Blood Feast\\", \\"Blood Diner\\", \\"Lizard in a Woman's Skin\\", \\"The Bird with the Crystal Plumage\\", \\"Deep Red\\", \\"Don't Torture a Duckling\\", \\"Cannibal Ferox\\", \\"Man Bites Dog\\", \\"Pieces\\", \\"Cat in The Brain\\", \\"An American Werewolf in London\\", \\"Freddy Vs. Jason\\", \\"Friday The 13th Series\\", \\"Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers\\", \\"Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2\\", \\"Jungle Holocaust\\", \\"Cannibal Holocaust\\", \\"From Hell\\", \\"Inside (2007)\\", \\"Hellraiser 1 & 2\\", \\"Cannibal Apocalypse\\", \\"Halloween (1978 and 2007)\\", \\"Candyman\\", \\"Mother of Tears\\", \\"Sweeny Todd (2007)\\", \\"American Psycho\\", \\"Riki-Oh: The Story of Ricky\\", \\"Nightmare (1981)\\", \\"Phenomena\\" and \\"The Beyond\\".Elm Street\\", \\"Perfect Blue\\", \\"Tenebre\\", \\"Angel Heart\\", \\"House of 1000 Corpses\\", \\"The Devil's Rejects\\", \\"Captivity\\", \\"Borderland\\", \\"Frontier(s)\\", \\"Wrong Turn\\", \\"Cat O'Nine Tails\\", \\"Re-Animator\\", \\"Blood Feast\\", \\"Blood Diner\\", \\"Lizard in a Woman's Skin\\", \\"The Bird with the Crystal Plumage\\", \\"Deep Red\\", \\"Don't Torture a Duckling\\", \\"Cannibal Ferox\\", \\"Man Bites Dog\\", \\"Pieces\\", \\"Cat in The Brain\\", \\"An American Werewolf in London\\", \\"Freddy Vs. Jason\\", \\"Friday The 13th Series\\", \\"Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers\\", \\"Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2\\", \\"Jungle Holocaust\\", \\"Cannibal Holocaust\\", \\"From Hell\\", \\"Inside (2007)\\", \\"Hellraiser 1 & 2\\", \\"Cannibal Apocalypse\\", \\"Halloween (1978 and 2007)\\", \\"Candyman\\", \\"Mother of Tears\\", \\"Sweeny Todd (2007)\\", \\"American Psycho\\", \\"Riki-Oh: The Story of Ricky\\", \\"Nightmare (1981)\\", \\"Phenomena\\" and \\"The Beyond\\".
031606792X|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading the Twilight series... more than I've enjoyed reading anything for a long time!  I would recommend this series to anyone who enjoys a good fairy-tale romance with a paranormal twist.
B0018QCXGY|5.0|Saw the previews for this before it hit theaters, and wasn't captivated by any means. Picked it up on Bluray for a first viewing and was captivated from the start. Beth is hot, the monster blows up all kinds of stuff, the effects are incredible and it's told from their point of view, so you don't need to know where it came from, or what it is, just roll with it and it is enjoyable. I definitely recommend taking the time to check this out.
031606792X|3.0|I enjoyed breaking dawn, like i said it was pleasant. I sensed Meyer wanted fans to be smiling that FINALLY Bella's hazardous, extremely insecure life is over! It was a nice read.  Although I have no clue how there going to transform this last book into a movie and its easy to see when someone is rushed to finish a book, Breaking Dawn was poorly written. One more jab...she could have done better!
B0000026DJ|4.0|Every DJ has to have the lead tune of this CD in their collection. Several other songs are good too.
0375413405|5.0|This is the classic cook book, and anyone building a library should have it. More easily digestible than other classics like Larousse's Gastronomique; while less rudimentary than The Joy of Cooking. I covers essential culinary classics and maintains the original recipes' integrity. This book is the jumping off point for those whose want to create the classics, and have the fundamentals to add their own flavors and flair. Julia is all about loving to cook.
B001BYLFDA|5.0|If they ever decided to make a live-action \\"Dilbert\\" movie, it might resemble \\"Office Space.\\"<br /><br />There's a lot of the same bitter surreality infused in this hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge (of \\"Beavis & Butthead\\" fame), all about three rebellious office employees who have finally had enough. Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion, this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job. Which is just about everybody.<br /><br />Peter (Ron Livingston) spends every day in a cubicle, doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss Bill Lumbergh (Gary Cole). His life is boring, and he doesn't even have the confidence to tell a waitress (Jennifer Aniston) that he likes her.<br /><br />Because layoffs are impending, Peter accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session, and is instructed to relax. Unfortunately, the hypnotist dies of a heart attack... while Peter is still under his hypnotic influence. And nobody snaps him out of it. The next morning, Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job, and live fat and happy.<br /><br />He conspires with fiery Samir Nagheenanajar (Ajay Naidu) and the ill-named Michael Bolton (David Herman) -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company's assets with a secret computer virus. Only problem is, their scene is rapidly spinning out of control when the virus goes glitchy haywire -- and their scheme is threatened with exposure.<br /><br />\\"Office Space\\" started off as an early 90s animated skit, featuring the character of Milton. You know, that increasingly deranged employee who complains that \\"you took my stapler.\\" This time, Milton is a minor character, although a pivotal one. The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech -- sort of like a crazier version of \\"The Office.\\"<br /><br />And Judge knows how to wring all the bitter comedy from this scenario. He creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers, layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film (\\"Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh... uhhhhhhh...\\"). There's a less interesting subplot about Peter's unstable relationship with the equally POed-about-her-job waitress, but the real draw here is all the corporate cheating and craziness.<br /><br />This brand of humor is twisted, down to the slow-motion, ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field, and Peter receiving a raise because he no longer cares if he gets fired. And of course, the dialogue is quietly insane (\\"Oh, and next Friday... is Hawaiian shirt day...\\") as the plot grows grows more and more tense... until you know someone has to snap. You can see who it is way in advance, but it's no less hilarious when it happens -- with disastrous consequences.<br /><br />The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there's Peter, whose newfound perspective about what is important in life is immensely entertaining. There's Samir, who can barely restrain his simmering rage at his rotten job, or his deep hatred for the copier. And there's Michael, who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT sappy singer. As for Cole, he's utterly brilliant as a boss who is as endearing and appealing as a rake on a chalkboard.<br /><br />\\"Office Space\\" has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny, strange, and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles. When you aren't laughing your butt off, you'll be cheering on the disgruntled salami-slicers.sterical tangle of cubicle workers, layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film (\\"Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh... uhhhhhhh...\\"). There's a less interesting subplot about Peter's unstable relationship with the equally POed-about-her-job waitress, but the real draw here is all the corporate cheating and craziness.    This brand of humor is twisted, down to the slow-motion, ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field, and Peter receiving a raise because he no longer cares if he gets fired. And of course, the dialogue is quietly insane (\\"Oh, and next Friday... is Hawaiian shirt day...\\") as the plot grows grows more and more tense... until you know someone has to snap. You can see who it is way in advance, but it's no less hilarious when it happens -- with disastrous consequences.    The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there's Peter, whose newfound perspective about what is important in life is immensely entertaining. There's Samir, who can barely restrain his simmering rage at his rotten job, or his deep hatred for the copier. And there's Michael, who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT sappy singer. As for Cole, he's utterly brilliant as a boss who is as endearing and appealing as a rake on a chalkboard.    \\"Office Space\\" has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny, strange, and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles. When you aren't laughing your butt off, you'll be cheering on the disgruntled salami-slicers.
0060899220|5.0|Not a cook book, but a fine read for anyone interested in fine food; and required reading for anyone considering a career in the back of the house. You will laugh out loud at some of the antics of Tony Bourdain and his cadre, and shudder in horror wondering if you were victim to some culinary pirate's marauding. Adventurous eaters will find something here too. This is an easy read you will gobble up, especially if you enjoy fine dining.
B00005V9IK|4.0|This movie is TRULY one of the best and names itself the Science Fiction version of \\"Top Gun\\". The actors were great. Will Smith got \\"jiggy with it\\" as a hotshot F/A-18 pilot in the movie; Randy Quaid (the older brother of Dennis Quaid) proved to be the comic relief; Bill Pullman's character transformed from a President with the problem of a nation into a reborn veteran; and Jeff Goldblum became more brilliant than ever! The only difference between \\"Independence Day\\" and \\"Top Gun\\" is that the 2 adversaries were humans and aliens instead of Americans and Soviet pilots. Independence Day is really just patriotic drivel in means of plot and adventure. But the film comes into its best moments when the action sequences hit the screen. Buildings explode and men die in beautifully choreographed fashions that raise the bar for many modern action films today.
0792165020|5.0|He's a poor young man surrounded by the idle rich. Tom Ripley, played by Matt Damon, happens into the wealthy Mr. and Mrs. Greenleaf at a hotel party. Ripley is an all-around waiter and men's room attendant, who has donned a Princeton University Blazer to play piano for the guests. He is asked by Greenleaf if he knows his son, Dickie, who also attended Princeton, Class of 1958. You can almost see the wheels turning in Ripley's head as he answers yes! Thus begins the diabolical career of Mr. Ripley who is hired on the spot to track down Dickie and persuade him to return to New York. His payment is $1,000.  Filmed in beautiful San Remo, Venice and the south of Italy, Ripley's arrival, his mimicry of voices and language, and his newly acquired appreciation of jazz wins over Dickie, played by Jude Law and his fiance, Marge, played by Gweneth Paltrow. The game is on for Ripley who morphs into any role required, whether it be gay, jazz lover, or companion or the \\"brother\\" Dickie never had. Whichever role he plays, he manages to be convincing and conniving. Compelling performances by Law, Damon, Paltrow, and especially Phillip Seymour Hoffman who sees through Ripley's act right from the beginning.  You'll want to see this movie more than once just to find out what makes Tom Ripley tick. Five shining stars for acting, plot and scenery!
B001E5FYS8|5.0|Don't think a documentary about a high-wire walker could be worth 5 stars? Think again! This riveting and inspirational movie combines still photographs, reenactments, actual video, and interviews with the people involved in Phillipe Petit's high wire adventures. Phillipe shows us what it means to overcome seemingly insurmountable obstacles, follow your dreams, and squeeze every last drop out of life. If he could walk between the Twin Towers, just imagine what you can do...
1400079179|2.0|I read the Da Vinci Code because..., well, I was traveling and everyone seemed to be reading it. After I finished it, I felt as if I had had a lot of warm beer: bloated with empty calories, left with mildly unpleasant taste and a slight headache.<br /><br />The fact that this book is a bestseller can make one question the value of universal literacy. It is really badly written. I didn't expect Updike or Vonnegut, but Dan Brown makes even Clive Cussler appear a decent wordsmith. To add insult to injury, the Da Vinci Code fails the genre and becomes predictable halfway through.<br /><br />The story is inhabited by \\"comic strip\\" -grade characters bumping around, solving absurd puzzles placed there for reasons which make no particular sense. From time to time, a character stops what they are doing, leans against a wall, or stares into space and thinks \\"deep thoughts\\", through which the puzzles are solved and the premise of the book is laid out. These are sprinkled with what passes for historical and religious factoids, often researched poorly enough for the errors to be apparent to a layman like me.<br /><br />Before I stand accused, I am not religious in the least. I don't find the book offensive (other than by being so badly written): in fact political correctness oozes from it, as does the author's apparent desire to be liked by everyone and sell to everyone (and this includes the good Catholics among book buyers:-)<br /><br />If you want a well written and well researched \\"conspiracy theory through the ages\\" tale, get Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum. For a nice travel crime story, pick up P.D. James.<br /><br />As for the Da Vinci Code..., I have played computer games that have higher literary merit than this. Really.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I've yet to see this film but being a Moore fan i know i will appreciate his point of view. I have worked in the medical feld for eight year and know about insurance companies and their little games. I also was recently attacked by a pitbull and of course no owner was around. So you can guess who got stuck with the medical bills. I was bit in the arm and my dog was also bit. I refused the ambulance because i knew they would bill me $500 to take me to the hospital and i said no way!!!.  I didnt have insurance and still dont. I did apply for something called Charity Care and they did absorb most of my bills. But there is still a $210 bill from the doctor and at least $200 left over. Do i appreciate this? yes but do i feel i'am responsible NO. I think its unfair that i was a victim and i have no one to sue for it and they have the nerve to bill me. Not only that i had to receive painful Rabies shots(about 10 of them) and i had to take my dog to the vet. Now i'am very careful in taking care of myself and not getting sick because i know that i can't afford it. This is a shame and this country should be ashamed of it as well.
0596522347|5.0|This book had some great points and would be helpful for anybody that does PPT regulary to better understand some of the issues with powerpoint. Nancy is a good personable writer and the book was approachable and interesting. The book is more focussed on the overall presentation experience. I dont think this book would provide much new to a graphic designer but good for a non-designer to better understand ppt. I would recomment Presentation Zen as being another excellent book - perhaps a little better - at providing some good thoughts on how to present and what to avoid.
B000R7GKQE|4.0|I have both the first and second season of this show. The first was flawless in both content and DVD quality.    However, I got this season in the mail a few days ago, and the sound balance is REALLY terrible. The explosions and music are overwhelmingly loud, but the dialog is almost completely silent. I mean, lots of DVD's are slightly off, but here, it's like an insane contrast and really screws up the experience. I keep having to turn it up to hear the dialog, then when there's an explosion or pretty much any other noise, I have to turn it way down so it's not deafening.    Studios really need to watch their DVD's before pressing them, to ensure things like this don't happen.    I haven't been able to watch more than one episode to give a review of the season itself, because the audio issue is just too aggravating.
0937381888|5.0|I love this book.  It manages to be one of the best basic (in this case inclusive of both extract as well as main-line all-grain techniques) brewing books while still touching on a number of advanced subjects.  Like another reviewer, I also like Dave Miller's book ([[ASIN:0882669052 Dave Miller's Homebrewing Guide: Everything You Need to Know to Make Great-Tasting Beer]]) and regard Palmer's and Miller's books as very complementary and both essential reading for all-grain brewers.  I read both again last weekend and value both for different reasons. I also highly recommend the Fixes' book ([[ASIN:0937381470 An Analysis of Brewing Techniques]]) for its topical coverage.  Narrow (few topics), but very detailed and informative.      This is an updated version of Palmer's book.  I have the earlier version but recently leafed through the new version and intend to buy it.  It has updated and more complete information on a number of topics, notably batch sparging, that make it worthwhile buying the newer edition.
B000YAA68C|5.0|Didn't get to see this film at the cinema so was pleased to be able to watch it on dvd. have actually watched it twice and would watch again as its a great film.
1881273156|5.0|The book is a quick read. It is written in a straight forward kind of way and makes sense on an intellectual, as well as an emotional level.<br />I truly liked the fact that he is pointing out the differences between true love and being in love; and does so much better than any other book I have ever read on similar topics.<br />I found the assessment of the love types very accurate. It is, however, not that easy to follow this advice, as most people lack the honesty, maturity and will power to keep up the work.<br />I also found that the advice may be easier to follow if one is Christian and a church going person. For those who are not it is probably going to be harder to implement or even understand at times. Example: Consistently fill the \\"love tank\\" of a spouse who is cruel, cynical and mean, in hopes that this will permanently alter his behavior eventually.<br />I will have to say, as a Non-Christian, it is very difficult to apply the \\"keep-holding-the-other-cheek\\" philosophy.<br />Still, I loved the book and I am actually making the necessary changes suggested.
B0014I4KIK|2.0|in the music industry, when a performer (Winehouse for example) has opened a door in a certain genre (60's soul/jazz pop) and it becomes popular..again..then many clones are created to suck the life out of this genre until it is bled dry and people tire of it.  Duffy is one of these clones.  She'll be just another footnote in music history while Winehouse will be greatly remembered as an original voice.  So that's my thought on it.  If she wanted to stand separately from Winehouse and Dusty, she should have waited to release her cd, but the fact that she didn't shows she's just another bimbo trying to profit from the originality of another.
0446386898|3.0|I thought it was a very very good book...for it's time! Don't get me wrong, yes, it was a great book! Everyone should read this!! I just thought it was a long long long long read, for such a so so ending. If you haven't read this, please give it a try, I just didn't think it lived up to the \\"Best Graphic Novel\\"
0345479092|4.0|This book was SO helpful! I read it cover to cover and reread several sections whenever I had questions about sleep training, breast feeding, temperment tips, etc. I read this along with Suzy Giordan's 12 Hours Sleep in 12 Weeks and found both books together to be very helpful. I felt that Suzy's book helped tell you when to start sleep training and how to lengthen time between feedings best. Tracy's book really helps you zone in to the signs and symptoms of fatigue so that you can really get your baby off to bed before all hell breaks loose.     What so many parents don't understand is that the baby WANTS you to help them figure it out. They don't understand that they are getting tired and that rest fixes it.     Our now 6 month old has been sleeping through the night since 5 months old. She sleeps in her crib in her own room. We can put her down when she is sleepy but awake, turn on her music player, give her her binkie and bunny and leave the room. She settles down without fuss. She naps well, too.     We are much better parents now that we are all getting our rest.     I highly recommend this book in addition to Suzy Giordano's 12 Hours Sleep By 12 Weeks Old.
B00004VVN9|4.0|In the tradition of the '68 sci-fi classic '2001 - A Space Odyssey' the '83 film 'Brainstorm' explores the infinite parameters of the universe within and proves once and for all the old axiom, \\"the inside is greater than the outside\\".<br /><br />Synopsis: Dr. Michael Brace (Christopher Walken) and Dr. Lillian Reynolds (Louise Fletcher) are two scientist on the cutting edge of modern technology who develop instrumentation that has the ability to record human thought, feelings and the all the internal images and experiences that go with them.  Unfortunately just as their research is on the verge of revolutionizing all we know about the mind and the vast, infinite potential within the government steps in and takes over their project in hopes of utilizing their their new discovery for advanced military applications. Will this new technology be used as the ultimate weapon of war or will Michael and Lillian be able to continue their work for the altruistic reasons they originally envisioned?<br /><br />Critique: 'Brainstorm' is a superior film articulating several futuristic concepts that might well await mankind in the not to distant future. That alone makes this film well worth a view. However there are also numerous moments  where the pacing develops far too slowly and the relationships come across as rather bland and emotionless disqualifying this production from ever achieving classic status and the comedic moments of chaos in the lab late in the film are out of place and contrary to the the overall mood and plot of the tale unfolding.<br /><br />Also on the slightly negative side, the overt anger and paranoia displayed against governmental agencies was a little overdone, but I guess that was in keeping with the angst of the sixties. Fortunately the ending really hits home and gives the audience some real food for thought. If you enjoyed '2001 - A Space Odyssey' and the recent release 'The Fountain' you'll enjoy this film as well.
B00006EXDM|5.0|Early Stones at their best.  You can understand the lyrics!  That alone was worth the purchase.
1400032717|5.0|Full of Surprises! This book is set in the UK and the \\"F-word\\" is used a lot. This was a very intelligent, unexpected read that really makes you use your head! Here are some of my favorite passages that I'd like to share from the Curious Incident which will give you a taste of what the book is like without giving away the storyline (page numbers may be different from your edition, but at least they'll serve as a general guide to find the parts I'm referring to):    Pg.13 \\"...Grandma Burton was in a home because she had senile dementia and thought that I was someone on television.\\" I like this because of my last name :-)    Pg.32  When Christopher asked the reverend where heaven was he was told : \\"It's not in our universe. It's another kind of place altogether\\". Christopher reasoned that what the reverend said could not be true unless heaven was on the other side of a black hole. \\"...If heaven was on the other side of a black hole, dead people would have to be fired into space on rockets to get there, and they aren't or people would notice.\\"    Pg.199 \\"People believe in God because the world is very complicated and they think it is very unlikely that anything as complicated as a flying squirrel or the human eye or a brain could happen by chance. But if they thought logically, they would see that they can only ask this question because it has already happened and they exist. And there are billions of planets where there is no life, but there is no one on those planets with brains to notice.\\"    Pg.201 \\"Then she made me some Red Zinger herbal tea with sugar in it, but I didn't like it.\\" (Red Zinger is made by Celestial Seasonings in my hometown of Boulder Colorado)
031606792X|5.0|When I read the reviews for this book, I was shocked to see that there were a LOT of negative ones.  I love supernatural fiction (vampires, werewolves, zombies, demons, etc) and wanted this book to be good.  So I entered the pages with a little hesitation.  I was surprised to find that I loved the book.  Things that made other people cringe (Bella's pregnancy, Jacob's imprinting, etc) just made me smile and read on.  The reality is that this series is about a high school aged girl and her romance with a VAMPIRE - which makes it fantasy!!!  The series is for Young Adults and should be read with that in mind.  It is a delightful escape from the boring day-to-day world and very enjoyable if you don't try to weigh it down with serious real-life issues that have no place in Bella's world.
B00005V9HH|5.0|Such films like this should be enshrined in museums, simply due to the fact it destroyed the entire genre of mystery films. While this film was unique and captivating, no other mystery will ever accomplish this sort of cult status, single handedly shaping a genre. While most mysteries try to shock you too often with twists and even more twists, it turns out to be overkill. This film encompassed such ideas with flair and originality, which is probably the reason Brian Singer is sticking to sci-fi action films. Only Memento and The Game are the only recent mystery movies worthy enough to stand beside this film. Sadly, Singer has somewhat sold out by doing the X-Men movies, but I guess trying to make films like this would be too taxing. This film will always bring a smile to my face when I watch it with someone who hasn't seen this movie. A good viewing every time I watch it, the new special edition DVD is awesome.
B001BZF9UY|5.0|One of the best scores ever written, anything comming from Hans Zimmerman is almost always superb.  Anything he does is always moody and you can almost picture the action in your mind as the music takes you through it.  Once again............. the best.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|This show is fantastic, gritty, scary, funny, shocking and all the other adjectives used to desribe it in other reviews.  However, you don't have to be in the military or a vet to appreciate it.  Basically, if you liked shows like Band of Brothers and Over There, you will love this.  It's a very real picture of what has gone on in the middle east on the presonal level, not the political.  It's entertaining in an sociological and educational way, along with just being a great show.  And, once again, it doesn't require having a past experience of shooting at brown or yellow people.    Simply Fudge, or is it Silly Fun, no wait it's Semper Fi, there, now I can enjoy this show... actually I like fudge better.    SEMPER FUDGE!
1574535811|5.0|I have learned allot about diet and cancer and other immune diseases. I would recommend this book to anyone who is serious about their heath.
031606792X|5.0|Whatever happened to just taking a minute to enjoy a piece of fiction, since when does every book have to teach us a moral lesson.  I would hope that if these young adults are old enough to read the books then they are wise enough not to think it imitates life and that everything will just work out in the end.  Get a grip this is just a fictional book about a vampire and a teenage girl who fall in love, get married and have a child yes there are a few altercations thrown in but ....IT'S FICTION!
B000UJ48SQ|5.0|The film portrays an unusual young Irish man, Redmond Barry, and his endeavours as he is forced to leave his home and tries to make good his life elsewhere. His life away from home starts out as a career in the British Army; only to evolve in surprising ways and lead to as different places as a position of trust within the Prussian Army and later a title of nobility, gained by what our time can only measure as rather disgraceful means. \\"Barry Lyndon is\\", amidst Kubricks' many masterpieces, a film so easily dismissed due to length and the fact that it is overshadowed by others, but I deeply recommend this film to anyone who would like to see a film both for the plot line, the story and the pure enjoyment of the images presented. Stanley Kubrick made many great films and this one is most definitely one of them! It's a pity Kubrick stopped making epics after this. Look at the ones he's responsible for: \\"Spartacus\\" (not a project Kubrick was fond of, admittedly, but still the most magnificent of all Roman epics) \\"2001\\" (the most magnificent of ALL epics), and \\"Barry Lyndon\\". The last of the three is by no means a poor cousin.
0307277887|2.0|Dexter is a sociopath who isn't a sociopath. His moral compass is broken, but it is still there. I couldn't quite buy into the anomaly protagonist that the author tries to explain throughout the story, but at the same time I found the concept intriguing and full of potential.    What I didn't find intriguing was the way the author makes almost every other major character in the story a bumbling fool. Perhaps it was to make Dexter shine even more in comparison, or maybe it was to frame the condescending (yet unemotional) perspective of Dexter? Whatever the reason, the story was ultimately a hard sell with such a cast of flaccid personalities.    I am hoping that these shortcomings are something that Jeff Lindsay can overcome in future installments, because even with the lackluster initial release, I believe good storylines can be worked around Dexter.
B000H5TVKI|4.0|Version: U.K  VC-1 BD-25 080p / 23.976fps / Advanced Profile 3  Running time: 1:33:07 (h:m:s)  Movie size: 19,783,827,456 bytes  Disc size: 22,651,466,802 bytes  Average video bit rate: 17.05 Mbps    DTS-HD Master Audio             English         1834 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1834kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps)  DTS-HD Audio                    French          2046 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 2046kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps)  DTS-HD Audio                    German          2046 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 2046kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps)  DTS Audio                       Portuguese      1536 kbps       2.0 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps  DTS Audio                       Spanish         1536 kbps       2.0 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps    Subtitles: English / Dutch / Danish / Finnish / French / German / Norwegian / Portuguese / Spanish / Swedish  Number of chapters: 12    Version: U.S.A / Lionsgate  MPEG-4 AVC BD-24 1080p / 23.976fps / High Profile 4.1  Running time: 1:33:11 (h:m:s)  Movie size: 19,456,284,672 bytes  Disc size: 22,596,756,050 bytes  Average video bit rate: 21.64 Mbps  DTS-HD Audio                    English         3018 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 3018kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 1536kbps)  Dolby Digital Audio             English         640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  Subtitles: English / English SDH / Spanish  Number of chapters: 30    Version: E.U / Studio Canal HD DVD  VC-1 HD-30  Running time: 1:33:02 (h:m:s)  Movie size: 15,682,226,176 bytes  Disc size: 16,458,405,647 bytes  Average video bit rate: 17.06 Mbps  DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1
0743290119|1.0|The story reads like a Bravo reality show with all the product placement.  I have to wonder if Lauren Weisberger is getting paid by all the names she mentions in the book.  It reminds me of Marilyn Keyes' book \\"The Other Side of the Story\\" where literary agent JoJo Harvey jokes about getting sponsorships for some of her authors to mention products in their story lines.  In Marilyn Keyes' book JoJo laughs it off saying that authors are above this, but makes me wonder if Lauren pocketed any extra dough.      The story itself is cute, but predictable.  If you are a fan of chick lit it is something you have read a thousand times before and there is nothing special about these characters.
B000002J1L|5.0|The Genius-sis didn't start here, as many maintain.  Knife had some great works; White Mountain, Visions of Angels, Knife, but this album marks the beginning of the most fantastic era of the best band ever, from here to Gabriel's departure after Lamb.  The new addition of Hackett and Collins makes the band sound a bit choppy and unfamiliar on this album, and there is a lack of smoothness that is gone by the time the band produced Foxtrot.  The album flows from the eccentric and dark Musical Box to the comical Harold the Barrel, the super-sweet and romantic Harlequin (the album art associated with this song contains the mental image of the most beautiful imaginary girl ever) to the powerful, moving, mysterious, tear-your-hair-out climactic Fountains of Samicus, the tale of the morphing hemaphrodite.  Wow, well worth the price of admission for just this cut.  Genesis forever.
B0007MWZEK|1.0|I bought this item with high hopes.  My daughter and I both have long hair, which of course leads to having to vacuum constantly.  On top of that, we have a small home with a lot of traffic and a cat who sheds.  Plus the cat litter that goes along with her, not to mention all of the everyday things that accumulate.  This item worked maybe the first time I got it.  I had to cut the hair out of the rollers several times during each use.  I must have overworked the thing because within a few days it just sort of died.  This was one of the worst sweepers/vacuums I have ever tried.  I tried it on both my carpeted areas and vinyl kitchen floor.  It didn't work very well on either.  And I won't go on about the stairs ...
1596680180|5.0|This is without doubt the best braiding book I've ever found, though admittedly the title is slightly misleading. When it says \\"200\\" there are actually about 50 different types of braids and the rest are variations based on color/color position in the braid. While this may sound disappointing it is actually incredibly helpful. Every braid has detailed instructions and diagrams, helpful tips and colored pictures showing what the finished product will look like when different colors are used in different positions. This book not only shows you how to braid but makes it quick and easy to find the perfect braid for your project. The book also includes detailed sections on starting and ending your braid, as well as making tassles. I purchased this book to make my own handfasting chord and it is PERFECT, but I will also be using it to make my own trim and curtain tiebacks. I recommend getting the spiral copy of this book so you can have it open for reference while you braid.
B0015XHP3G|4.0|Version: U.S.A / Lionsgate / Region Free  VC-1 BD-25 1080p / 23.976fps / Advanced Profile 3  Running time: 1:35:58 (h:m:s)  Movie size: 21,325,658,112 bytes  Disc size: 24,359,135,536 bytes  Average video bit rate: 21.97 Mbps    DTS-HD Master Audio             English         4233 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 4233kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 1536kbps)  Dolby Digital Audio             English         640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             French          640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps    Subtitles: English / Spanish  Number of chapters: 16    ************************************************    Version: U.K / Optimum / Region A / B  VC-1 BD-25 1080p / 23.976fps / Advanced Profile 3  Running time: 1:35:55 (h:m:s)  Movie size: 20,505,513,984 bytes  Disc size: 23,373,405,514 bytes  Average video bit rate: 17.01 Mbps    DTS-HD Master Audio             English         2111 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 2111kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps)  DTS-HD Audio                    French          2046 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 2046kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps)  DTS-HD Audio                    German          2046 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 2046kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps)  DTS Audio                       Portuguese      1536 kbps       2.0 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps  DTS Audio                       Spanish         1536 kbps       2.0 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1536kbps    Subtitles: English / Danish / Dutch / Finnish / French / German / Norwegian / Portuguese / Spanish / Swedish  Number of chapters: 12    ************************************************    Version: E.U / Studio Canal HD DVD  VC-1 HD-30  Running time: 1:35:50 (h:m:s)  Movie size: 16,294,049,792 bytes  Disc size: 17,071,625,621 bytes  Average video bit rate: 17.03 Mbps  DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1
0307387178|5.0|This book left me feeling very sad, and my heart aches for his family.  Many young people do foolish things like Alex did.  Some survive (like the author), and some don't.  I enjoyed the insight the author provided through his research.  I thought he did a good job collecting information from people who had crossed paths with Alex. I still don't understand what compelled him to such an extreme lifestyle.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|I heard them first through a college radio station (and I'm 55 years young). Loved the sound, the harmonies and melodies. I play this while driving in rush hour traffic and I'm relaxed, alert and not inclined to \\"road rage\\". The words make me think, but don't cause confusion or irritation.   They remind me of CSNY, and also the Beach Boys and Beatles! I can't wait to hear more from this very talented group.
0385340990|4.0|I passed on this book several times, then decided to purchase it and I was delightly surprised!  It's a quick read which gives you a very good feel of Guernsey life during and after the German occupation.  The many characters are pretty well fleshed out and the ending is tied up in a pretty bow!  I love the \\"letter format\\" of this novel!
B000065PUE|5.0|i got this record just in time...i was being suffocated with music that all sounded exactly the same! so getting doolittle was really a good clean breath of fresh air for me. what makes it such a great album is all the variety in it. one minuet your dancing to \\"debaser\\" and the next your being moved by the sad, revealing pain of \\"hey\\" THEN your banging your head to \\"gouge away\\". so it truly is a work of art....in conclusion, if you like nirvana's first album and weezer's Pinkerton, you should get the album that inspired both of them...you wont be dissapointed
031606792X|1.0|Having read the Twilight series and adored it and \\"The Host\\" (an amazing book!) I was only prepared to love and adore Breaking Dawn.  Unfortunately, SM's writing skills seemed to be on hiatus for the final installment of the Twilight Series.  Poorly written.  Hardly any of Bella's inner dialogue we've grown to love.  Edward taking an extreme backseat in the story and doing and saying things so out of character that you are completely popped out of the story over and over again.  No depth of characters---almost impossible to connect with any of them, especially Bella: I didn't even KNOW that girl!  Lots of filler---very little substance.    I have no plans to reread this book.  Hopefully SM will get back on point with her other ventures.  I will always love her first three Twilight books and will eagerly read anything else she might write---with the exception of anything about Reneesme and the like.  I can't wait for \\"Midnight Sun\\", though.    For those out there who are very upset with the negative posts about this book, please remember that we are upset about the BOOK but we still love the other books written by SM and we still love SM--at least I do.  Don't confuse honest critisism with being mean.  Loyalty to a writer has nothing to do...should have nothing to do...with being sentimental.  Just because I love SM doesn't mean I HAVE to love everything she writes.    There's my two cents worth.
031606792X|5.0|I loved all of Twilight and I love this one too.  It is just fun to live the fairytale.  I wish I had an Edward.
0525950079|5.0|After I read Pillars, I thought to myself, \\"no I want more,\\" and then I found out, \\"hey there was more.\\"  I think this one might even surpass pillars in the emotional connections the reader makes with the characters.  I finished this one in 3 days, KEN FOLLETT GIVE ME MORE!!!!!!!
B0002STNQ2|5.0|Michael Crichton is re-visiting some old stomping grounds in this one. The 1970s sci-fi movie classic [[ASIN:0792839714 Westworld]] was written and directed by Crichton and it features technology run amok and set loose on a killing spree. [[ASIN:0345370775 Jurassic Park]] features the dangers of tampering with the gene pool with an ensuing killing spree.<br /><br />Prey, in many ways, is a combination of the two - the dangers of nanotechnology, specifically the dangers of using bacteria in combination with tiny, tiny bits of technology to create something new. The problem is, of course, the same problem that he pointed out in \\"Westworld\\" and \\"Jurassic Park\\": Things never turn out the way you think they will.<br /><br />Is this a Pulitzer Prize winner? Hardly. But, it is a creepy thriller with some good points about science, the dangers of unintended consequences and some good thrills and chills. I enjoyed this one thoroughly.
B001B71NOI|5.0|The Slip is a great album!! I've been a huge Nails fan for years and I like everything Trent makes. I like that he changes his style from album to album. My favorite is The Downward Spiral,but I'm a fan of all of his work. I didn't know The Slip was a free download. I bought mine from Amazon. Even if I did download the slip. I'm sure I would of bought it anyway for the dvd.
B000093FLA|4.0|First off, Snatch is an amazing movie in every sense of the word. There are very few movies made where the director obviously did not let one FRAME onto the screen without a reason, and Snatch is one of them. Nothing happens onscreen without it having an effect on the plot. By now you know the plot, or plots. We follow a diamond-heist and the various characters trying to get theirs, at the same time following participants in an illegal boxing ring. The incredible part of the movie is how every scene ties in with the rest somehow, every character connects with the rest at least once. There are complaints that the movie is confusing, or muddled. There are a lot of things that they don't tell you (such as what the dog has to do with anything, but he's a VERY important character), and that's a good thing. Too many movies force feed the audience its plot points. Rather, we just watch occurrences, and have to piece together what ties everything together, the plot weaves together beautifully. The cinematography and performances are fantastic as well. Even the soundtrack is perfect. The camera style during the fight scenes (slowdown/stop/go) makes it difficult to stop watching, the sound effects fit in quietly in the background without being overwhelming. And it will be IMPOSSIBLE to watch this movie without repeating many of the lines around your friends. I found myself saying \\"Zee Germans\\" and things like \\"It's not like he's a set of car keys, now is it?\\" quite a bit. Naturally, Brad Pitt's pikey is one of the most outlandish I've ever seen.
B00005ABII|4.0|Cake is an easy band to underestimate.  They are very tight and consistently well-produced across the albums I've heard.  They incorporate lots of interesting intruments and traps into their recordings and have come up with a very unique and recognizable sound.  They also write catchy songs.      But I think the consistency and quality of their \\"product\\" tends to mask the work it must take to create it.  For instance, someone's is laying down some very tasty guitar work throughout their records but the individual musicianship on these albums kinda gets overlooked and swallowed into the Cake sound.    They are also write some of the funnies lyrics I've ever heard.  They simultaneously affect and cast a cynical eye at the stereotypical west coast white-bread corporate suburban do-nothing lifestyle...cocktail parties, corporate events, good dividends, etc.  Great listening if you get the humour.    They also have a bevvy of good songs that were born out of the California car culture.  It's obvious these guys are car guys and that's a good thing.  \\"Satan...\\" is my all-time favorite Cake tune.    Given Cake's consistency you could probably buy any of their albums and get a good representation of all of them.  But in my opinion \\"Prolonging\\" has a slight edge over \\"Nugget\\" and \\"Eagle\\".
0061015725|2.0|While the science and the 'this could happen' ethos is a lot of fun, the book's start is astoundingly mysogynystic. His protagonist goes on AT LENGTH describing the normal day hundreds of millions of mothers world wide endure as if it's something novel. His male character whines about taking care of kids, how his wife doesn't call home when she's late, how it's hard to run into former pals who still make a paycheck. Honestly, no female author could ever have gotten such tripe published, but because our protagonist is a male, this is fodder for narrative. My husband and I howled at the beginning, and simply skipped entire chapters to get to the part he's good at: telling a scary story using potentially real science. But the guy sure was ticked off at some woman when he wrote this thing.
0061537934|5.0|At first I thought, The Art of Racing in the Rain, was probably just another story about a loyal dog; a story that has been done to death. I was so wrong! I do not own a dog, but I am an animal lover, so I gave this book a try. So far out of over 100 books read in 2008, this is my favorite to date.<br /><br />This wonderful novel is a story about the love and bond between human and dog, as told trough the eyes of, Enzo, the dog who is the book's narrator. Enzo admits that he's frustrated by his lack of ability to communicate with humans. His tongue is too floppy to form words, and his lack of opposable thumbs won't allow him to open doors.<br /><br />The concept of a story being told from a dog's perspective can seem a little silly, but the book is far from silly. Enzo relays his life story with the family that he is a part of. He shares the joys and struggles of the family and his frustrations as well. Enzo believes that he is a human trapped in a dog's body. Without giving away some of the best parts, let me just say that, The Art of Racing in the Rain will keep a reader cheering for Enzo through all the way through, and you just may learn a thing or two about life, love and loyalty in the process.
B000P0J0AG|5.0|The coffee shop scene tells everything about this film. The human side of the characters is perfectly explored, especially concerning De Niro's character (Neil). His personal conflicts are as strong as his determination and skills as a gangster. This is the magic of this film and only two fantastic actors like Pacino and De Niro could represent it so totally. Congratulations to Val Kilmer that shined and performed exceptionally well under the huge shadow of Pacino and De Niro. \\"Heat\\" carries with it the moral values so many of us take for granted. Although much in the film is morally ambiguous, one may find that even when all your life you've lived on the other side of the law, you can still settle down and have a heart-to-heart. When I first saw this movie I was sure it would be another violent crime movie that I would never want to see again. I have since seen it 4 times and have this DVD of my own. The thrilling sequences and brilliant camera-work have you glued to the screen. The exceptional cast of characters has you wondering \\"who could be so lucky to work with them?\\". From the opening scene to the thrilling final scenes and everything in between (including the climax) \\"Heat\\" grabs you and pulls you in. This is a true film masterpiece. A must see !
0307269191|5.0|Rarely do \\"writing\\" and \\"exercise\\" appear as the main topics for a memoir--there's something almost un-writerly about working out. Aren't all the great novelists supposed to be drunks? Well, no. Murakami compares running marathons to writing novels, and it's a damn fine analogy. His prose is masterly yet humble. Whether you're a writer, a runner, or just someone who enjoys a good book, Murakami delvers with \\"What I Talk About When I Talk About Running.\\"
079073639X|3.0|I agree that this is not the finest or most spectacular Sci-fi, but I do disagree with it being boring. I guess the final result is something left to be desired, but it did hold my interest throughout, only because I truly was interested in what was going on. It was a sort of mystery, though in the end, a tad dissapointing.     Sphere is made up of incredible actors who all do a fine job in their roles, Dustin Hoffman especially. That said, I'm really not sure how all of these actors thought it a good idea to star in such a mediocre film. It's just very odd, but like I said, they certainly make the best of it.     Almost the entire film takes place underwater, but I never really got a sense of claustrophobia from the characters, it all seemed very rushed in the beginning, especially with their 'training'. It all seemed very unrealistic, even for a sci-fi. Also, you don't even know that it's a true sci-fi until almost halfway through the film, where it gets a bit weird.    Like I said, the film has its moments, even a bit of surprise and suspense, but it is mediocre at best.
B001AEF6CW|4.0|When I first saw 'The Big Lebowski' on its original release I enjoyed it but thought it was a bit of a slight \\"fun\\" movie with less depth than many of their previous works. Now, a few years and several viewing later, I have come to realise just how accomplished a movie it is, and it has become one of my all time favourite movies. Other film makers have attempted to weave together various genres, styles and images in a similarly eclectic, postmodern fashion, but few do it as seamlessly and with such wit as Ethan and Joel Coen. 'The Big Lewboski' is an extremely smart film, but it doesn't shout \\"look at me! Aren't I clever?\\". It sucks you in from the get go, and bottom line it is FUNNY, and as it is a comedy that's what counts the most! Everything about the movie is perfect, the script, the direction, set design, costumes, and the wonderful soundtrack (one of the most brilliant ever assembled, it includes lesser known Dylan and Elvis Costello numbers, Creedence classics, and songs from cult favourites like Yma Sumac, Captain Beefheart, Moondog, Esquivel and garage gods The Monks). Plus of course the actors, who are well cast and virtually flawless. Jeff Bridges ('Fat City', 'Starman') IS The Dude, and it's impossible to think of anyone else acting the role. Coen regulars John Goodman, Steve Buscemi, John Turturro, Peter Stomare, and Jon Polito are all on board, as well as Julianne Moore ('Boogie Nights'), David Huddleston ('Capricorn One'), Philip Seymour Hoffman ('Magnolia') and Sam Elliot ('Mask'), even surprise cameos from Ben Gazzara ('The Killing Of A Chinese Bookie') and singer Jimmie Ray Gilmore. I can't fault 'The Big Lebowski', it is one of the most original and entertaining comedies ever made and a genuine modern classic. It's movies like this that keep me watching despite the endless mountain of mindless garbage that Hollywood continually spews out. If only every movie in the box office Top Ten was as inspired and amusing as this one!
0618164413|5.0|this is an awesome book for the money my 2 year old daughter loves it and I love the info on the author. It is a great book and worth the purchase.
0307265730|5.0|As always, Lahiri's short stories resonate with me in a truly hauntingly romantic way. Her prose and character development, while some complain are overdeveloped and stagnant or lackluster, are stunningly beautiful in my opinion. Yes, it is true that she 'recycles' bits of her characters into different stories and even novels, but the way in which she does so doesn't alienate the reader, it (at least in my case) makes them fall in love with the now familiar characters. Her writing is transcendent in ways I can't explain.
B0010X745K|2.0|Frank Darabont has given the \\"Night of the Living Dead\\" treatment to King's masterful story, and it's painful to watch the second half of the film.  Yes, the monsters are scary (particularly the scene when the flying bugs break into the store), and the people are scary too, just not believable.  I would hard-pressed to believe that such a watered-down version of Mrs. Carmody could convert a group of strangers into a bloodthirsty mob in 24 hours, but the characters in this film are so inept and violent (committing suicide at the drop of a hat, accidently setting themselves on fire, etc) that I guess in their world she makes perfect sense.         In the real world, the rescues of 9/11 show us that people are capable of heroic acts in a crisis. In the film, characters stand around in a parking lot wringing their hands while their companions get devoured, suggesting that maybe the giant bugs have attacked Mayberry and Barney Fife is unable to deal with them.  At one point, the main character spends a full 15 seconds reaching for a gun that sits on the hood of his jeep, when he could have just stepped forward and grabbed it.  Presumably he's waiting for the giant spider to get on stage.  Maybe the creature missed its cue...        In an ending that's as depressing as it is unbelievable, director Darabont turns the tables on his main character by magically making the world right after the character's done everything wrong.  The whole thing seems so unfair, to both the character and to viewers who've read King's story.  I ended up wishing the character had saved a bullet for Darabont.
B000W04S6U|1.0|Don't waste your money on the soundtrack for Halo 3.  All the good stuff is on the first two soundtracks.  There's nothing here that makes me want to play a track over and over and over like \\"Brothers in Arms\\" from Halo 1 or \\"Unyielding\\" from Halo 2.    Halo 3 is a remix of the good parts of the first two and a lot of it sounds like its done with a synthesizer; makes for good filler.    There doesn't seem to be a connection between the tracks of this soundtrack and the game (which I really like); just random bits of different tracks all strung together.  For example, when I hear the track \\"Lament for Private Jenkins\\", I can picture the Master Chief catching Jenkins body when it falls thru the door.  Nothing like that here.    This soundtrack is good for background music just to have something playing.    To say I'm disappointed with this product doesn't do justice to the word \\"disappointed\\".
B001DTPZNY|2.0|Great for children or easily-entertained individuals, but a terrible letdown for any serious, deep fans of the original films. All the promises by Spielberg that this was going to be some \\"oldschool style\\" adventure flick were nothing but pure LIES; this movie got the George Lucas Star Wars Prequel treatment x10 but without the time and care to make things look even halfway realistic. And to think that they waited so long for the \\"perfect storyline\\" and THIS is what we got... makes you just wonder, \\"Really?\\" A FEW enjoyable moments, but no real heart. My advice to most: save your money (especially at $35 for a single-disc DVD...).    PS: Oh yeah... ONE use of the whip?? (An awkward one at that)
0385338724|4.0|True to form, Kinsella delivers her signature humor, smart dialogue and totally relatable characters in this amnesiac adventure. When Lexi Smart wakes up in a posh private wing of a London hospital, the last thing she can remember is falling down a flight of steps while chasing a taxi after a long, disappointing day in which she is stood up for a date, overlooked for a bonus and emotionally wearied by her own unremarkable life. The only hitch is that night happened three years prior, and in the interim she has apparently pulled her act together, made herself over, picked up a hot multi-millionaire husband and alienated all her old friends with her driving ambition. She sets off to rediscover her recent past and figure out who she really is, and in the meantime learns some surprising truths about who she thought she was.    Kinsella writes Lexi with the same girl-next-door appeal as her Shopaholic series, voicing her self-doubts, getting her into embarrassing scrapes and delineating her charachter with true-to-life emotions until she could be any one of us. It's easy to identify with Lexi's initial wonder at her beautiful new life, her helpless confusion at being held accountable for a past she can't remember, and her gradual reawakening as she finds her past is secondary in importance to what she does with her present.    It's not a generation-defining bestseller, but compared to most of the offerings in the ever more annoying ChickLit genre, it's smart, funny and an entertaining read.
B00068TJM6|5.0|Great product. I was hesitant buying a watch online but this is a great watch. Highly recommended.
B000ZLFALI|3.0|Help! I need somebody, not just anybody, but the director!    If you must start with disc 1, comparisons will be made.  Like the movie \\"Hair\\" made you long for the original play and storyline, the movie \\"Tommy\\" made you long for the original album and storyline...\\"Across the Universe\\" will actually make you long for, or at least appreciate, Stigwood's \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.\\"      One surely wonders why the director chose, out of over 200 songs, most of the drug-induced ones The Beatles wrote.  With slight musical changes to all the songs, and the removal of the overly-produced musical backgrounds of the originals, it is very easy to tell the difference between Lennon's wit and intelligence; and the lyrics that make no sense what-so-ever, unless you, too, are on drugs and seeing spiders on your hands and walls.  The Lennon/McCartney music originally made up for the nonsense words.      The movie, itself, is full of beautiful faces and lovely voices.  Some of the images are excellent, but the movie isn't as cohesive as you would think it would be.  Some parts make no sense at all on the surface of a first viewing.  Some Beatles' songs are just hinted at in a throwaway line, or the easily recognizable opening chords that just go into a different song.  And like all `pretty' movies, the heroes are bashed in the head one day and have their lovely faces back the next.  Now, if you choose to watch disc 2 first, you will discover that the movie becomes more comprehensive and makes a little more sense.     Actually, disc 2 comes off more enjoyable than the movie itself, or at the very least, makes the movie seem better than it actually is.  If you just want to tune in, drop out and watch a movie, this is the one for you. Otherwise, stick to \\"Hard Days Night\\" and \\"Help\\".    Miss Josh
B000SO7OL6|5.0|I got this for my mom's birthday because she likes Diana Krall.  Well I ended up liking it more than her!  I played this disc several times because her voice is so soothing and relaxing.  it is truly a gift!  If you like artists like Norah Jones or Michael Buble then you'll enjoy this jazz album!  I dont have any favorite songs on it, I think they're all good!
B0013FDM7E|4.0|I Am Legend brings to the screen the story of what appears to be the sole healthy survivor of a human-evoked biological catastrophe who spends the remainder of his life searching for a cure during the day and fending off the infected survivors during the night. At first it might seem like an improbable scenario, but Hollywood has been noted (surprisingly or not so surprisingly) to foresee destructive events before (e.g. Wag the Dog-instead of Albania it was Yugoslavia, The Day after Tomorrow-instead of ice it's hurricanes, Deep Impact-instead of a tidal wave hitting the USA it hits Indonesia and Sri Lanka, Outbreak-instead of the Ebola-like virus it's SARS and/or the bird flu, etc), The Island-and the real prospect of the production of human clones for `spare parts,' etc.    The film does a good job of getting the message across, as it should do, in making people aware that messing around with viruses and genetic engineering will sooner or later lead to a mistake that mankind will regret. It is inevitable.  In addition, the movie should have been rated R and not PG-13.  In short, Will Smith's acting, the plot, and the setting, are all very good, and I Am Legend is one of those films that gets you and keeps you thinking long after it's over!     PS Just wondering if someone could shed some light as to whose trap he springs and falls into?
1603420398|3.0|There are a few things I like about this book. The fact that it is spiral bound is very nice. And naturally I was drawn to its concept: different motifs: triangles, circles, hexagons, \\"weird\\" shapes... I'm an avid square-crocheter, and I've been looking forward to moving into other motifs.<br /><br />My main problem with this book is its lack of examples on completed projects. The book does include a section of cute doodled examples of what to do with motifs (put them on flip-flops; sew them together for a rug; line them up across the chest of a sweater) but there is not a single photo, not a single example of an actual project completed using motifs from this book. Which is very disappointing to me. I love getting inspiration for projects by flipping through crafting books, and seeing the different colours used. This book will give you nice ideas for individual motifs and that is all.<br /><br />I think the book would have done better to acknowledge that because you're making unusual motifs, putting them together in unusual and creative ways and combinations is part of the fun. I also did not find the author's repetitive choice of colours inspiring. The cover picture is great, but inside I found it lacking.<br /><br />There are some nice motifs in this book, and I would suggest it to people who would like a straight-up how-to book. But if you're looking for a book that will inspire through its use of varied colour and finished product ideas, this will leave you disappointed.
B000W1V5VU|2.0|Sure it looks like Clooney, Pitt and Damon are having a good time, but this one trick pony has been a rotting carcass for some time now.  Nothing in this movie is believable.  Willie Banks should have been on the look out for these guys the minute he thought about crossing Reuben.  No way a man of Danny and Rusty's thieving statures would be able to even walk into a casino.  That town doesn't play.  Despite a weak plot and bad acting Ocean's 13 is nothing more than sleek man candy and I'm glad I didn't pay a dime to see it.
B0000AMRJD|5.0|Directed by Brian De Palma and written by Oliver Stone, \\"Scarface\\" is a movie that will not be forgotten. A Cuban refugee named Tony Montana (Pacino) comes to America for the American Dream. Montana then becomes the \\"king\\" in the drug world as he ruthlessly runs his empire of crime in Miami, Florida. This gangster movie is very violent, and some scenes are unpleasant to watch. This movie has around 180+ F-words and is almost three hours long. This movie is entertaining and you will never get bored. You cheer for the Drug-lord, and in some scenes you find out that Montana isn't as evil as some other Crime Lords. This is a masterpiece and i recommend that you see this. You will not be disappointed.
B0002I831S|4.0|The strength if the original Trek series is the philosophical underpinnings  of its structure and story lines.    Even in the silliest episodes, there is an exploration of age-old questions.    What is man? What is logic, will , emotion and how do they co-exist in the human psyche to achieve human ideals.    The first season of Trek was the best and its representatives of the human troika (Kirk=Will, Spock=Logic, McCoy=Emotion) create the tension of human strivings in the simplest of interactions.    Ignore the silly FX. Enjoy the ideas. For its time, Trek was the best series that was actually about ideas.
B001CC7PKS|4.0|First of all, I was never a reader of the comics, and didn't know much about daredevil before venturing into the cinemas to see the original when it was released. At the time, there wasn't much action out and i like most of Ben Affleck's movies, so though i would give it a go. Although i liked the theatrical release ( but didn't love it) i still bought it when it came to DVD...and to be honest, when i watched it the 2nd time on DVD, i didn't think as much of it, as when i left the cinema.    So when i heard the directors cut was out, and people who hated the first release, but liked the 2nd one, i thought wow, i didn't mind the first, perhaps i will really like the new version. and guess what? I did ! Its absolutely fantastic. After the characters were fleshed out more, the storyline was more involved and filled in the plots- you actually cared about what happened and got more into the feel of being apart of what was going on in hell's kitchen.    If you watch the \\"featurette\\" : giving the devil his dues, you will understand that Mark Johnson the director, absolutely loves this material, loved the comic, and was disappointed himself with the theatrical release. He understood why the critics & fans alike didn't support it, and really wanted to fix the problems with this DVD. When will Hollywood studios & executives learn, a 100 minute movie, does not mean a better movie - and when will they learn that audiences DO want more than just action - we can think, you morons! And can hold our attention for more than 100 minutes. Here's a simple plan for your money making schemes - and this goes to Gary Foster ( producer who still says the theatrical version of daredevil is better) If you make a GOOD MOVIE, that gets good reviews, and that fans & critics enjoy, then more people will see it, more people will see it a 2nd time, more people will recommend it to friends, and that means a bigger audience, a repeat audience and bigger dollars for your pockets ! So while the first was a quick paced movie that made quick bucks, a longer - more thought-out MOVIE, would have garnered longer life at the box office.
0061474355|5.0|I have to admitt that I read the second two books in the trilogy first; Lireal and Abhorsen. Even so, I found that this story was delightfully entertaining on it's own. The perfect amount of action and romance. This novel is more like an epic than anything I have ever read. A good read for adults and teens alike. And if you are looking for any flaws in Nix's masterpiece then you will be very disappointed. Enjoy!
B000M341QE|4.0|The Departed is a consistently engaging crime thriller from director Martin Scorsese. It's also the Scorsese film that I've been waiting for since Goodfellas, and I'm sure others feel the same way too. This film is a remake of the Hong Kong film Infernal Affairs, however this review will make no comparisons to that movie. Leonardo Dicaprio and Matt Damon play two moles. Dicaprio plays Billy Costigan, a rookie cop who goes deep undercover to take down mob boss Frank Costello (Jack Nicholson). Matt Damon plays Colin Sullivan, the man working for the state police as Costello's mole. The film also features Mark Wahlberg, Martin Sheen, and Alec Baldwin. Wahlberg gives the best performance of his career and nobody can play the sinister bad guy like Jack Nicholson.    Martin Scorsese is the master of the crime drama, as he as proved time and time again. His previous two films (not counting the Bob Dylan documentary Nor Direction Home) The Aviator and Gangs of New York had their merits, but they were missing something that the classic Scorsese films contained. Aviator was an interesting bio pic. while Gangs was defined by an Oscar worthy performance from Daniel Day Lewis. The Departed however is a return to form. Its main strength lies in the story telling, Throughout the film and especially in relation to the Damon and Dicaprio characters. You don't exactly know who's good or who's bad. It constantly keeps you guessing as any great Drama should.
B000O5AYCA|3.0|I heard The National from their previous album, which I did not like at all. It sounded like half the bands that were popular on the indie scene at that time. But then, I started to find The Boxer on top of all the lists in publications that I liked and respected. Still, with the memory of the last one, I held off. Now, I've finally given it a try, or rather a few tries. Musically, the album is nice. Not great, but nice. It has a lot of melody, atmosphere, and it is envolved enough to not sound simplistic. Vocally, however, it sounds like a mix of Morphine, maybe Nick Cave, but a lot Interpol and She Wants Revenge. Not to say that I dislike any of those groups (except She Wants Revenge, I really dislike them), but it sounds uninspired and copied.   Now I already said I find the album to sound nice, but really, it's hard to remember the songs. Only a couple stick out, but for most of them I had to back-up and listen again to decide if I actually liked it. Most of the time I came up with the same result, \\"Um, it's alright.\\" It is music to listen to, but not to remember. To add to this, the punchy drums plus the vocals remind me of sub-par Interpol. I just feel like I've heard it all before, by bands that have done it better.
0743496736|1.0|Do NOT waste your money. Luckily, I bought this at a 1/2 price book store. I am going to sell it back before I even finish it. I do not understand how so many people liked this book. It isn't even interesting.
0974153001|5.0|I am truly amazed at the current price for this book BUT considering the quality and the knowledge I gained over the past few years, I have to say this is the BEST book for producing life-like figures, not only in polymer clay, in many different art media. Luckily I purchased this book about two years ago and should have reviewed it right away due to the high quality of the images and information provided. Artist Dewey has an excellent understanding of the human figure (in many different shapes and sizes) and fully shares her knowledge through her techniques within the pages of this book.  Practicing these techniques has given my own type of figures a more solid and natural appearance than other books providing information on developing clay figures.  I prefer the natural, not the puffy, wildly artistic interpretations of the human figure or even the fantasy art seen with some polymer clay figures.  Obviously Dewey's work clearly shows she prefers the natural form, too.  This book demonstrates her skill to the fullest and should be in every sculpturers' studio library (not just for polymer clay artists).  A definite must-have book for all who appreciate the human form, in all varieties, in a scuplted format...or even if you pursue figure art using paint/pencil/other media.
B0000004V2|5.0|My teen years were the 80's and I was stuck in new wave hell along with heavy 'hair' metal that all just seemed like b.s. to me.  Soulless sonic pollution with few exceptions.  There was the indie music scene and I loved bands like the Replacements and fIREHOSE but I always loved the 60's and 70's stuff.  Particularly classic rock and blues with some punk thrown in. Bands like Culture Club and Men Without Hats just weren't going to work for me.  Towards the end of the 80's, I was getting ancy and was really looking for music that reflected the spirit and soul of earlier decades but was contemporary.  I was in NYC in '89 when The Stone Roses came out and it slammed me when I heard it. It was absolutely stunning. Loaded with attitude, fresh song writing, creative composition and superior musicianship.  The guitar work was dreamy beautiful, the vocals and lyrics were mysterious, psychedelic and cynical, the drumming was funky and powerful and the bass was groovy.  Finally a band of my time that I could get behind.  I listened to this album, if not every day, every other day for a solid year.  It was inspiring and bewitching and just as important, indicated that the end of overly produced, slick corporate, bar lowering musical slog was near.  Soon after came the Seattle grunge scene which forced popular music earthbound and though healthy, didn't seem to have the uplifting/spiritual qualities that resonate on The Stone Roses. It's been 20 some years since it came out and it stands up to repeat listens. Every song is great. Some songs transcend up from there. This album is a rare something special.  A perfect album.
B000GY729M|4.0|It's a good album. It definitely does not sound like their debut album, but it's not bad at all. Fewer songs stick out individually to me, but the album as a whole flows better.
B000096FUD|2.0|This film is, basically, about an effort to raise money.  In that the film failed, literally due to circumstances beyond the film maker's control, doesn't alter the fact that the film failed in production.  The lead actor, playing the elderly Don Quixote, simply is too old and broken to carry the film to completion.  In that the initial scenes are of this particular actor, the film simply doesn't have the money to start over again.  Tragic, really, because a great film about the tragicomic Don Quixote is long in coming.<br /><br />Anyway, the film failed and, in my humble opinion, 'Lost' is truly lost and is an awkward and embarassing effort to raise a few more Euros.  Although Gilliam's final 'Don Quixote' may have been fascinating, this documentary of its failure simply isn't.<br /><br />Nevertheless, I wish Gilliam well and hope he can raise the funds to make an even better film of the fabulous mad man, El Hombre de la Mancha.<br /><br />Ron Braithwaite author of novels--\\"Skull Rack\\" and \\"Hummingbird God\\"--on the Spanish Conquest of Mexico
0930289234|5.0|There is a reason Time magazine named it one of the best novels of the 20th century - Watchmen transcends all other comics (with the possible exception of Frank Miller's epic The Dark Knight Returns) in its art, depth and believability. If you have never read a comic before, you don't have to worry: unlike Superman, X-men or any of the other established comics, Watchmen is entirely self-contained.
B000N3ST7K|5.0|A magnificent movie leads in this case also to a magnificent album. I do like the mix with audioshots from the film.
B000001FTQ|4.0|The version of \\"Bad\\" on this album is one of the definitive U2 live cuts. The rest of the album is ok, but meant for serious U2 fans only. Those new to the band should go pick up the Joshua Tree album.
B00004W5A6|2.0|I just got this SACD and have a few comments about its sound quality, which is a bit disappointing. First of all, it's a STEREO SACD (as opposed to a multichannel one) and it does not play on a regular CD player as most other SACDs do (as the product info on Amazon rightly points out). And on my surround system the sound of this recording is poor (compared to any other SACD or DVD audio that I own; actually, even compared to most regular CDs I own!). The 2 stars are just for the sound quality, not the actual music!
B0000027RL|5.0|Containing many of Pearl Jam's early hits and some less famous gems, Ten ranks among one of the best albums of all time and is probably the best to emerge from the decade of the 1990s.
B0019IB26I|5.0|He is a guitar genius and this album is absolute proof.  He is unbelievable awesome live and this album is a very close representation.  Great track selection for this double CD.  A must have for all JM fans.
0060578793|5.0|If you ever wanted to know ANYTHING about survival in the wilderness, it's in here. There's so much info in here, though, you might have to spend a few minutes finding it. One of the definitive books in the field.
0679721037|5.0|I was very satisfied with the level of customer service that I received from Amazon.com.  It is definetly a site that I will be coming back to from here on.  As a student I am always on the lookout for a better and cheaper deal, so this is definetly one of the first places that I will go when I have to get more books for the next semester.
B0002858YS|4.0|I'm not a huge Killers fan, but this album is pretty good. When the tracks are good, they're really good. My biggest problem was they put a home-recorded track at the end of the album. It's nowhere near as polished or as good as the rest of the album, and it left me wanting more at the end of the album. That aside, every other tune is catchy to the point where you'll find yourself randomly humming them.
0891419195|5.0|I was very satisfied with the level of customer service that I received from Amazon.com.  As a college student I am always looking for cheaper books, so this has become one of my new favorite websites.
0753107082|4.0|I have long been reading the Discworld series, and have been reading them in publication order, with this being the first book in the Discworld series, I read it quite some time ago. I purchased the audiobook for one specific reason - an 8 hour car trip with a 5 and 9 year old. Fully aware that the four of us in the car could not listen to the same music, and knowing that the portable DVD player could not be seen by both children at once, I decided to give our first audio books a shot. We listened to the first book \\"The Color of Magic\\" on the way to FL, and the second book - The Light Fantastic\\" on the way home. These books saved the trip!<br /><br />This book is an absolute trip to read, I had never listened to an audio book before so I wasn't sure what we were in for.  It turned out to be exactly what we needed.  Terry Pratchett has created a brilliant fantasy world of satire and humor.  To discuss the plot would be pointless, because the plot is so simple and spartan.  The Discworld had it's first tourist, a man named Twoflower.  Twoflower meets up with Rincewind, a failed wizard who is terrified of everything.  Twoflower secures Rincewind's services as a tourguide and the two of them spend almost the entire book getting into trouble and running away from it.  Twoflower never seems to be aware of the trouble he is in, and snaps picture after picture of the critters and people who are attempting to kill him.<br /><br />The first couple chapters of the book (being the first CD) are perplexing and Pratchett doesn't really get into his rhythm until the crew is out of Anhk-Morpork.  Once they are out of town the rollicking good time begins.<br /><br />This book is perfectly fine for the little ones, there is no profanity and the tiny bit of sexuality is so deeply hidden in satire that the little ones won't pick up on it.  Nigel Planer does a fantastic job of reading this story, unfortunately though, the footnotes (which are plentiful in this book) don't come across quite right and can throw you a bit if you haven't figured out the slight change in tone between the actual story and the footnotes.  I would have been happier had I gotten a copy of this audiobook without the footnotes.<br /><br />My two boys, aged 5 and 10 at the time, howled with laughter the entire trip through TN and GA and finally into FL.  True they didn't get a lot of the humor, but they were able to understand enough that they have favorite characters and laughed until they couldn't breathe at certain parts.<br /><br />FYI this book ends on a cliffhanger so bad that you HAVE to get \\"The Light Fantastic\\" to hear the rest of the story.  These two books are basically part 1 and 2 of the same tale.  And to parents who don't want to spend a fortune on these books, Audible.com has both of them available for download at a much cheaper rate.<br /><br />These two audiobooks saved a long roadtrip... I have already purchased several others for future road trips, although the kids are so obsessed they want to listen to them NOW.  I highly recommend them.you a bit if you haven't figured out the slight change in tone between the actual story and the footnotes.  I would have been happier had I gotten a copy of this audiobook without the footnotes.    My two boys, aged 5 and 10 at the time, howled with laughter the entire trip through TN and GA and finally into FL.  True they didn't get a lot of the humor, but they were able to understand enough that they have favorite characters and laughed until they couldn't breathe at certain parts.     FYI this book ends on a cliffhanger so bad that you HAVE to get \\"The Light Fantastic\\" to hear the rest of the story.  These two books are basically part 1 and 2 of the same tale.  And to parents who don't want to spend a fortune on these books, Audible.com has both of them available for download at a much cheaper rate.    These two audiobooks saved a long roadtrip... I have already purchased several others for future road trips, although the kids are so obsessed they want to listen to them NOW.  I highly recommend them.
031606792X|2.0|Okay.<br />A few friends of mine got me addicted to the Twilight series only a few weeks ago. I bought Twilight and devoured it, loving it, and was excited that I was getting in all the hype that B.D. was causing. I read New Moon, wasn't as good but I still liked it, and Eclipse was perfect.<br /><br />Before I started reading B.D. I didn't want to read any spoilers, but I should have. I've decided to not even finish B.D.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong. Please, I LOVED Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse. And I am a guy! I don't even KNOW many guys out there that read these books. I tried to like it. I WANTED to like it. I LIED to myself and said I like it. Ugh. Don't waste your money unless you want to disappoint yourself. Just imagine Eclipse as the end.<br /><br />NON SPOILERS ABOVE.<br /><br />SPOILERS BELOW.<br /><br />Things I didn't like about B.D.<br />1. The first thing I didn't like was that it took a while to get exciting. I mean, in all the other books it is exciting and then it's like, okay wow Alice just saw something! This is what the plot is going to be about! And it's introduced in the beginning. That's what made me like the books, the romance, AND the suspense. There was no hook here. Okay, there's the wedding, etc, the vacation, and a hundred pages later there is still no excitement. The whole book is like this, with rare exceptions here and there that are brief.<br /><br />2. The second thing is BELLA GETS PREGNANT. I mean what? That's sooooo stupid! And yeah I know it's a book it's fake and it's fantasy, but when a writer writes a book he or she is supposed to create internal rules. Part of the sacrifice I understood getting through with Eclipse was that Bella could not have babies. That's what made me excited about her choice. Would she choose Jacob and have a family or Edward and not? (Not that I minded! I would have been perfectly been okay with Edward w/ no babies, but I wanted a sacrifice to be shown...) When she started eating a lot at Isle Esme I realized that she was pregnant. I denied it, and when it came to be true I wanted to throw the book in a garbage disposal for upsetting me so much.<br />I was okay with her making a sacrifice already. Okay, no babies. No communication and dead parents. But this is ridiculous. Bella gets EVERYTHING. Meyer: \\"Okay girls just marry a hot, rich vampire that will attend to your every need, and you will miraculously get everything, and even have a baby so you don't miss out, and a house and this and that and...\\" In real life men are not perfect, and I was hoping that once Bella became a vampire she would sort of see that. Nope. Perfect Edward. In real life our loves fight and yell and argue and ignore each other. In real life men do not make breakfast for the woman every single day and is their slave. I wanted there to be some sort of realistic expression, even a tid bit.<br /><br />3. THE SEX. What the heck is this? A porno? Okay yeah I get it it doesn't show anything bad, it doesn't describe it at all, but she's wanting it all the time. Anybody else thinking that Stephenie Meyer is one aroused woman or something? I do NOT think this was a good message to send to girls. Stephenie Meyer has made it so millions of millions of teenage (and pre-teenage) girls are in love with Bella and Edward, and now it's like \\"Okay get married and get addicted to sex!\\" At least they were married first, but still, I mean hello, in real life people do not meet rich vampires that they can get married to as soon as they are legally allowed to, so what do you think this will do to girls? They will go out and let any little pre-pubescent boy have sex with them to know what it feels like. In the book Edward literally says,<br />\\"I didn't mean dream that you would construe the way I feel about what I did to you to mean that last night wasnt'... well, the best night of my existence.\\"<br />Geeze, the best night of Edwards centennial existence? What is that saying to girls out there who are already full of hormones? Geeze, even I wanted to be a little teenage girl and let a boy have his way with me almost, reading this. Ridiculous. Not very faith-based Meyer, which is what I liked about the other books. I understand that some people out there think that all literature should be enjoyed without worrying about it's moral principles, and I partly agree, but not with books so famous. If Harry Potter was a pedophile nobody would care if he could do magic or not. Girls already have trouble enough having sex these days.<br /><br />4. I wanted Bella to be turned into a vampire RIGHT THEN. Instead she starts whining about how she wants to go to Dartmouth (which, if you've read the first three, it's the LAST thing on her mind...) and what is her excuse? She wants to have sex.<br />Yes. It's true.<br />She wants to be like a little hyper sexual bunny and keep having sex with Edward, then she wants to be turned. Stupid. Kind of like number three, not very good for teenage girls. I thought this was stupid, selfish of her, and immature, because HELLO, just turn into a vampire and go through your calming down phase, then you can have all the sex you want when the book is finished.<br /><br />5. I was really really looking for a good moral ending. I am a writer and I could have thought of a thousand different ways to better this book. I wanted Bella to really kind of grow up a little. I mean yeah it's cute, I agree, she feels kind of confused, is very self-centered, but who isn't. And I was hoping in B.D. she would grow more aware of things around her, getting out of Highschool and everything, I was expecting SERIOUS drama inside her own head, like in eclipse, about everything, about her choices, about immortality, and instead she's the same little girl that only cares for Edward. Edward is her everything. I'm not a Mormon like Meyer, but I am a christian, and one thing I know is that even Mormons believe in God, so what is she saying by making Edward her sole focus of existence? I'm not saying put in a preacher or anything, that would turn away readers, but she could have at least made her more confident, more independent, that's what growing up is about, it's about going through heartbreaks and realizing you can stand on your own feet.<br /><br />I really didn't like that in New Moon she almost DIED without having Edward. This is why girls and boys out there cut themselves and cry at night and hyperventilate and think they are only important if they have a man. It's like Meyer is saying this.<br />\\"Don't worry sisters! If you just have a perfect man who is rich and loves you, everything will be okay! If not, then all is lost!\\" I was kind of hoping that Bella sort of grows up and yes, still loves Edward, but with a more mature love. Instead it was just the same.<br /><br />7. I don't like that Jacob imprinted on Bella's daughter. Does Meyer really think that her fans will better like her books, her ending, if they all stay happy together? I mean hello it's okay if a new cute girl moves into town and he imprints and falls in love, I just thought it was kind of cheesy and lame. I loved Jacob. I identify with him in many ways, and this was just not what I expected, and was very disappointed. I expected Bella to fall in love with him and realize she wanted a family, or at least something else. I was expecting, even if Edward and Bella stayed together, that Jacob meets another girl.<br />As a writer I would have made this a lot better, heck I think anyone could have made this book better. I was really expecting Jacob to imprint on Leah, and maybe Jacob grows and stops morphing so he gets as old as her, because POOR LEAH, nothing happens to her! I mean, that just re-emphasizes number six. \\"Girls, if you lose your man, you won't get anyone else. Mope around and be depressed for all of eternity.\\"<br /><br />The last and final thing I didn't like was the writing.<br />I understand Meyer woke up one day and started writing about a dream she had, but this is stupid writing. The writing is cut and as a writer I can actually see spots where she just completely rushed through. Even in the first books there were bad spots as writing goes, but she's new at it, I get it, but still, in B.D. the writing is just awful.<br />\\"I heard the soft, wet sound of the scalpel across her stomach. More blood dripping to the floor.\\" It sounds like somebody is apathetic throughout the entire novel. \\"I want to have sex for another year before I turn into a vampire.\\" \\"We are having a baby.\\" \\"How is that possible.\\" \\"I imprinted on Bella's daughter.\\" Lame lame lame. The first few books were a little bad here and there, but there was that struggle, that addiction that kept me reading that was Bella's choices, her character was ALIVE. In B.D. the writing was just... bland.<br /><br />Over all I was very disappointed. I think part of the reason was that she tried to write this AND the Host in one year. I still like the first three and am going to read the Host, but people, B.D. is lame. Read up to the marriage by borrowing it at a library and then return it.<br />I also think every honest, true fan of the Twilight series (the first three) will agree with me. Sorry fellow Twilight lovers, I tried.have at least made her more confident, more independent, that's what growing up is about, it's about going through heartbreaks and realizing you can stand on your own feet.    I really didn't like that in New Moon she almost DIED without having Edward. This is why girls and boys out there cut themselves and cry at night and hyperventilate and think they are only important if they have a man. It's like Meyer is saying this.  \\"Don't worry sisters! If you just have a perfect man who is rich and loves you, everything will be okay! If not, then all is lost!\\" I was kind of hoping that Bella sort of grows up and yes, still loves Edward, but with a more mature love. Instead it was just the same.    7. I don't like that Jacob imprinted on Bella's daughter. Does Meyer really think that her fans will better like her books, her ending, if they all stay happy together? I mean hello it's okay if a new cute girl moves into town and he imprints and falls in love, I just thought it was kind of cheesy and lame. I loved Jacob. I identify with him in many ways, and this was just not what I expected, and was very disappointed. I expected Bella to fall in love with him and realize she wanted a family, or at least something else. I was expecting, even if Edward and Bella stayed together, that Jacob meets another girl.  As a writer I would have made this a lot better, heck I think anyone could have made this book better. I was really expecting Jacob to imprint on Leah, and maybe Jacob grows and stops morphing so he gets as old as her, because POOR LEAH, nothing happens to her! I mean, that just re-emphasizes number six. \\"Girls, if you lose your man, you won't get anyone else. Mope around and be depressed for all of eternity.\\"    The last and final thing I didn't like was the writing.  I understand Meyer woke up one day and started writing about a dream she had, but this is stupid writing. The writing is cut and as a writer I can actually see spots where she just completely rushed through.Even in the first books there were bad spots as writing goes, but she's new at it, I get it, but still, in B.D. the writing is just awful.   \\"I heard the soft, wet sound of the scalpel across her stomach. More blood dripping to the floor.\\" It sounds like somebody is apathetic throughout the entire novel. \\"I want to have sex for another year before I turn into a vampire.\\" \\"We are having a baby.\\" \\"How is that possible.\\" \\"I imprinted on Bella's daughter.\\" Lame lame lame. The first few books were a little bad here and there, but there was that struggle, that addiction that kept me reading that was Bella's choices, her character was ALIVE. In B.D. the writing was just... bland.    Over all I was very disappointed. I think part of the reason was that she tried to write this AND the Host in one year. I still like the first three and am going to read the Host, but people, B.D. is lame. Read up to the marriage by borrowing it at a library and then return it.  I also think every honest, true fan of the Twilight series (the first three) will agree with me. Sorry fellow Twilight lovers, I tried.
0743298039|5.0|Many other reviewers have adeptly described the plot of this book (though none of have given away its deep, dark secrets - thanks so much), so I won't spend time there.     If you've ever wanted to read a book where Jane Eyre meets the heroine from Rebecca in a vaguely Faulkner-Dickens-esque novel, than this book is just the thing for you!    Stunning language, profound character development, and of course a little mystery to grab hold and refuse to let you go, even once the last page is read.    I have but one complaint - when can we expect the a new book from Setterfield?    ENJOY - it's a treasure!
031606792X|2.0|What a HUGE disappointment!     First off, the begining 128 pages had NO value to the story and could have been cut down to a quarter of the length. Who cares about the monetary prowess of the Cullens....WE KNOW THAT ALREADY. Why blatantly dangle it out there as a means to get to a bad flashback? I am really not sure what Jacobs voice had anything to do with the story. That could have been slimmed to mere sentences during dialog with Bella. I felt literally jerked around, like the story had ADD or something. and that killed the authors credibility for me. I just could not suspend my disbelief long enough to get through it because once I would get there I'd be throttled off elsewhere.      The story starts at about Page 320....    I hope that Mrs Meyer takes her time next time she writes and really puts together something that zings us with NO DISNEY TYPE endings!    Twilight and New Moon were Original works.  They were great but the STUPID endings of both Eclipse and Breaking Dawn should have been a cue to the author that she needed to STOP, LOOK, RE-READ it herself, send it to someone to help her refine her ideas, REVISE IT, and then publish.     Don't waste your money, get it from the library.
B000063DHL|5.0|Masterpieces are works that outlast their creators; even if those creators are still around. Such significant pieces define the artist, and in the realm of music the examples are so many: The Beatles' 'Revolver', The Rolling Stones' 'Sticky Fingers', Led Zeppelin's fourth album 'Zoso'. Their preceding albums are the buildup to that monumental apex, the peak, of where they are at their best, but most importantly of all where it all just comes together and where minor flaws just don't even exist. Though many will disagree with this humble opinionator, Iron Maiden reached their perfection with 'Somewhere in Time'. Just as Iron Maiden could not get any better after 'Powerslave', they prove all wrong with unforgettable heavy metal classic.<br /><br />As many have said before me, this is Iron Maiden at it's peak; ironic because looking back it was obvious to them because throughout the album there is evidence they don't pass it up. The album as a whole has an energy rooted heavily into metal, but it is so infectious and listenable non-metal/Maiden fans can be drawn in. There are solo interludes, but they're limited but for good reason: sometimes lead guitar solos can kill momentum in a song. In fact, I dare say it's drummer Nicko McBrain's instrument leading the way, bashing away with a combination of John Bonham power and Keith Moon precision. By and large Nicko's best work on any Maiden album.<br /><br />Bruce Dickinson is at his signature best here with challenging ranges, singing the songs penned by Adrian Smith and Steve Harris. All three seemingly had made sure Dickinson's power was not underused and at the same time made certain every word was just as understandable as the last, so vocals and music flowed evenly. The singing misses found on 'Piece of Mind' and 'Powerslave' are nowhere to be found on this album.<br /><br />Though this album does signal a transition of sound in Iron Maiden with the addition of guitar synth you wouldn't know it by listening. It's the perfection of the old sound from 'Piece', from 'Powerslave', from 'Number of the Beast. You hear it -- in my opinion -- in one of the greatest songs of all time, \\"Wasted Years\\"; a five-plus minute introspective of Iron Maiden's touring life, filled with regret, realization, and reality. That definitive tipping point song; where Zeppelin had 'Kasmir', Maiden's 'Wasted Years' is that exact location where the bridge of Old Maiden and New Maiden meet, shake hands, and share tea.<br /><br />Without 'Wasted Years', the other songs by themselves would own the whole album. Iron Maiden wastes no time, no pun intended, with the intro song 'Caught Somewhere in Time'. A slow build up to start, but once we clear the start the blitz is hard, charging, and in your face. Dickinson is literally five inches in front of you, singing the song. Until the album 'Brave New World', no one would realize that the songs 'Sea of Madness' and 'Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner' were precursors to that future (and brilliant) release. 'Stranger in a Strange Land' and 'Heaven Can Wait' have lead ins and winks to the past to remind us that nothing has been left behind. The last track, 'Alexander the Great', would have been the track, if not for 'Wasted Years', that would have bridge the old sound and new sound of Maiden, where Maiden was not afraid to have a collection of eight minute songs on an album.<br /><br />Even if you are not a heavy metal or Iron Maiden fan, this album represents so much in terms of musical quality and unleashed youth. We would like such purity in every release from our favorite musicians, but the truth is such purity is as unpredictable as a lightening strike, insomuch as if it will strike twice. Some say it does, but all I can say is this: 'Somewhere in Time' stands the test of time with any release, and even for non-Iron Maiden fans it cannot be passed up.und from 'Piece', from 'Powerslave', from 'Number of the Beast. You hear it -- in my opinion -- in one of the greatest songs of all time, \\"Wasted Years\\"; a five-plus minute introspective of Iron Maiden's touring life, filled with regret, realization, and reality. That definitive tipping point song; where Zeppelin had 'Kasmir', Maiden's 'Wasted Years' is that exact location where the bridge of Old Maiden and New Maiden meet, shake hands, and share tea.    Without 'Wasted Years', the other songs by themselves would own the whole album. Iron Maiden wastes no time, no pun intended, with the intro song 'Caught Somewhere in Time'. A slow build up to start, but once we clear the start the blitz is hard, charging, and in your face. Dickinson is literally five inches in front of you, singing the song. Until the album 'Brave New World', no one would realize that the songs 'Sea of Madness' and 'Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner' were precursors to that future (and brilliant) release. 'Stranger in a Strange Land' and 'Heaven Can Wait' have lead ins and winks to the past to remind us that nothing has been left behind. The last track, 'Alexander the Great', would have been the track, if not for 'Wasted Years', that would have bridge the old sound and new sound of Maiden, where Maiden was not afraid to have a collection of eight minute songs on an album.    Even if you are not a heavy metal or Iron Maiden fan, this album represents so much in terms of musical quality and unleashed youth. We would like such purity in every release from our favorite musicians, but the truth is such purity is as unpredictable as a lightening strike, insomuch as if it will strike twice. Some say it does, but all I can say is this: 'Somewhere in Time' stands the test of time with any release, and even for non-Iron Maiden fans it cannot be passed up.
0385340990|5.0|This book is a joyful experience reminiscent in style and content of one of my all time favorite movies, 84 Charing Cross a 1987 British / American drama film that starred Anne Bancroft, Judy Densch and  Anthony Hopkins.  Both are epistolary in nature, a compilation of letters between the protagonist and her correspondents brought together by a book, both are set circa WWII, and both contain a history lesson of sorts and feature characters whose life experiences are as heartwarming and unforgettable as they are.<br /><br />Julie Ashton a journalist whose life and career are at a crossroads is introduced to the delightful natives of the isle of Guernsey (the only British isle occupied by the Nazi's during the war) when she received an unexpected letter from one of the islands' inhabitants. The ensuing story, spun from the pure gold of imagined incidents melded with actual historical events by authors Mary Ann Shaffer and Annie Barrows, draws you in and hold you fast.  The amusing and life-affirming anecdotes as related by the various villagers provides a word picture of love and loyalty that is as beautiful as any Monet painting.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0385340990 The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society] of the story was a group conceived and born of necessity that ultimately provided the mental nourishment essential for survival.  This book will nourish your soul.<br /><br />If you are a lover of beautifully told, well written stories that capture the flavor and morality of a by-gone era, you are a person fated to read this book.  Call it KISMET!
B00000IQW5|5.0|I enjoyed the movie thoroughly. The quality of the movie was great and I received the D.V.D in excellent time. Great doing buisness with Amazon.  D.J.M
B00005JOA0|5.0|Wow, what an intense, dark Gothic romance!  A mysterious, beautiful widow with a past arrives with her son to a nosey, judgemental countryside town.  A past that is slowly unraveled with the pryings of a handsome, obsessed suitor.    The actors are superb: Tara Fitzgerald(Helen), whom I simply adore as an actress, as the long suffering, fiel heroine with a lesson to learn and a son to protect, Rupert Graves(Arthur)as the depraved, never changing, rogue, 'Byron' whom she can't stop loving, and Toby Stephens(Gilbert) as the impetuous, immature, hero whom she wants to love, although cautiously.    The director often shoots the scenes with sweeping, revolving panoramas about his actors, scenery desolate and wistful, the sets, costumes, and locations simply captivating and fitting for the mood.    For whatever reason, I've always favored Anne, the youngest of the talented but tragic Bronte family.  She watched as three of her sisters including Emily, die from disease, her mother probably from uterine cancer and her 'shamed-the-family' brother deteriorate from alcohol.  Anne died in her 29th year. Her sister, Charlotte, died 6 years later at the ripe old age of 39.     Anne loved to write poetry, but she also did two novels.  Her first,'Agnes Grey', which I wish some enlightened soul would make into a great movie, was lighter than 'The Tenant' with some Jane Austen-like contrivances and humor.  The story involved a governess reminescent of Anne's experience in child care. Charlotte didn't appreciate Austen and somewhat poo-pooed her 'baby' sister's work, but, nevertheless, took Anne's idea of a governess and ran with it in 'Jane Ayre'.    'The Tenant of Wildfell Hall' was Anne's jaunt into realism with a tough and disturbing tale about both the self-centerness of men who controlled everything in the world and the plight of women caught in their domain.  It apparently shocked the Victorian moralists of the day to have a novel about a woman standing up to her husband, shutting the sacred bedroom door to him and doing whatever to free herself.     Anne ends the tale with a strong catharsis, and I would say an optimism (Austen-like? \\"Charlotte, just get over it!\\") that I believe represents her own determined and uplifting nature even in a difficult and short, earthly stay.  The movie makers provide an ending keeping, I think, in the spirit of Bronte; however, the  overall journey  really stresses one out, but then is quite satisfying.  Moral: choose your partners well.    P.S. I'd appreciate any input/criticism from Bronte experts.
B00005JMJG|2.0|Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a critics darling and hit movie on DVD but I couldn't stand this film and I really tried to understand why this film is so special. Kate Winslet's Oscar nominated performance is reason alone to watch this over-analytical comedy. Winslet is a fearless and unique actress, Jim Carrey and Mark Ruffalo are also good, I just wish Kristen Dunst wasn't in this, she's a one-trick pony! Eternal Sunshine... left me clouded and confused, pass this one up!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|..and that's being re-released as a high definition DVD.<br /><br />The colours and music in this are just too beautiful for standard definition and it's always disappointing to put this into my DVD player now with a HDTV and see a less-than-perfect image.<br /><br />I saw the DVD before I bought the CD, when it was playing on VH-1, and it actually made me and my friend cancel our plans for the night while we stayed snuggled up under blankets and watched the entire thing.  Last year, when I showed it to another friend, we almost didn't go out either because she was captivated by it.<br /><br />Any music lover will flip over this.  Metallica's music lends itself very well to a symphony orchestra, and I'm so glad they were able to do this before the passing of Michael Kamen.  For a girl that was in love with Metallica before S&M, afterwards all I wanted to do was propose!
1400049628|5.0|The reviews look scary enough to scare anyone from going to cemeteries for a while, for fear of coming back w/a boo-beau.  Seems as though it could even have a movie featuring the Barenaked Ladies song, One Week.  And, I'm not ready to make another Raisen pie all by myself, any time soon.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|just rent or buy the darn show . see what distinguishes great television from most television . pure and simple , it's a keeper and hilarious . i hope there are people like DEXTER out there ?
0140544518|4.0|Fractured Fairy Tales are quite common, but what is not are good ones! I mean anyone who has had the misfortune of reading the Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig will know how bad this genre can get. The True Story of the Three Little Pigs is very well written leaving the reader to ponder if the wolf was indeed framed as his jail cell confession would have us believe. Basically his good nature, wish to bake a cake for his grandma and his illness of a severe cold put him behind bars.  Not to mention an evil pig and the even more evil media.<br /><br />I thought the illustrations were a little bit graphic novelly (adult comic booky) and not as well done as they could be or appropriate for a kids book. Especially A. Wolf who doesn't look too much like a wolf at all let alone the fairy tale image of one.  That's the only detrimental thing I can find in this book though. Fact remains though that it does have a great story.<br /><br />If you like the alternative wolf point of view also check out [[ASIN:0285634011 Whatever Happened to ....?: The Ultimate Sequels Book]] where the wolf tells his version of events not just from Three Little Pigs but Red Riding Hood and Peter as well.<br /><br />Also check out [[ASIN:059062380X Porkenstein]] the sequel to the Three Little Pigs where the remaining, and now very lonely pig decides to make a new friend.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000CBQFCO Peter and the Wolf: Carnival of the Animals, Pt. II]] is a narrative tale on CD and is the funniest parody of a fairy tale ever done, it's by \\"Weird Al\\" Yankovic.
031606792X|5.0|I can't understand how anyone could be disappointed!!  Just like Edward said, I got EVERYTHING I wanted and so much more I never thought to ask!  Stephenie is brilliant in her storytelling and what's so wrong with a PERFECT happily ever after anyway?  Who wants to feel depressed after reading a book?  Thinking back, the ending for New Moon and Eclipse both were bittersweet endings to me and I was sincerely hoping that the final book was going to be the perfect happy ending and it was!  I have already re-read all the books (which I've never done before with any other books) This will definitely be a re-read for me for many years to come.  Thank you Stephenie for the most awesome conclusion to a brilliant series that I hate to say goodbye to!
1594201749|5.0|This is a wonderful book.  Extremely well-written; it tells the tale of how Nelson Mandela used his political genius to win over Afrikaners and convince black South Africans to embrace a sport that most of them had come to despise as a symbol of the hated white majority.  It really makes you realize what a political miracle it was that South Africa did not descend into complete civil war and what a blessing it was to have Mandela as the country's leader.  The chapters discussing the game and the players' awakening political awareness are incredibly moving.  A testament to the power of sport as political theatre, and the power of forgiveness and reconciliation.
B0017MO10U|4.0|It's amazing what can end up coming from a simple movie. Back in 1994 a science fiction epic called Stargate hit the big screen. Written by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich, and directed by Roland Emmerich, this movie ended up becoming a huge franchise.    Novels based on the original movie, Stargate SG1, Stargate Atlantis, an animated series called Stargate Infinity, books based on both television series, a D20 modern Role Playing Game, an impending Massive Multiplayer online game, comics, a rumoured third TV series and of course two direct to DVD movies.    This review is about the second direct to DVD movie, called Continuum.     As per usual, this review contains no spoilers other than what you might have seen in trailers or what you gleaned from the back cover. I don't like spoiling things for people.    The movie takes places shortly after the end of the series, and deals with the capture and the end of the last System Lord.     What appears to be a simple ceremony, one that would end with the extraction of the Symbiote, ends with what appears to be the re-writing of history.     Yes, it's a time travel movie, and it has all the elements any fan of science fiction would expect. Once again, I will not give away any spoilers about these elements or the rest of the plot itself.     Anyhow, in a way, the movie was a bit of a disappointment. I was expecting something a little more - well, epic in scale.     Hey, don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the movie, and even though I prefer Stargate Atlantis, it was good seeing the return of Richard Dean Anderson and all the rest of the regular cast.    Even Teal'c's former master.     Sorry, I digress.     Anyhow, the point of the matter is that this movie seemed to be nothing more than a two part episode that had been left over from the series... a two part episode that they had wanted to film, but for some reason it got pushed to the back burner and was never included in one of the last seasons.     Still, it had a good budgetthat allowed for the return of all your favourite characters (see above), and excellent special effects.    The funny thing is, even though it was direct to video, and had probably a slightly larger budget than normal for an episode, this movie was leaps and bounds better than a lot of direct to DVD movies that have come out in the recent past, ones that had budgets that probably far surpassed that of the one for this movie.    And Continuum was better, worth far more of your hard earned dollars than these others that I have hinted at, but will not name at this time.    This simple fact boggles my mind.    For those of you who happen to miss SG1, it's a nice visit from characters you've grown to love over the years and have missed since the end of the final season. It's almost a homecoming if you will for fans of the original series.     Frankly put though, The Ark of Truth was a better movie, but then again, it was produced to wrap up several story arcs.     This was more of a stand alone, almost a `thank you, here's one more adventure through the gate for all the loyal and loving fans'.     Personally, I really hope that we'll see more Stargate movies in the future. It'll be wonderful to see `old friends' once again.    Now, as to the bonus features included on the DVD - you have the ever present commentary with Brad Wright and Martin Wood, as well as three featurettes. The first is the Layman's Guide to Time Travel; the second Stargate goes to the Arctic and finally the Making of Stargate Continuum.     For rapid and casual fans alike.     3.5 out of 5
0143038419|5.0|I, too, agree that the previous reviews of this book have been about just that:  the book instead of the journey of Ms. Gilbert through the lenses of an open mind and open heart.     Elizabeth takes a risk and puts herself out there by exposing to us all her struggles with food, spirituality and love.  This book has created a love / hate relationship - there is really no in between...each you love it or you hate it.  I loved it.  She spoke to me.  I divorced my husband for reasons people didn't understand, I battled with food for reasons people didn't understand and I have traveled the world for reasons people didn't understand.  Each experience has opened my heart for which I am grateful.      To get out of your head and in to your heart is a journey in and of itself.  From what I can understand and read in her book, Elizabeth has similar struggles and manages to love from her heart and be true to herself.  Judging her struggles, for me, is not accepting of where she was, her journey and where she is now.  No one knows what goes on behind closed doors - nor is it anyone else's business.  Again, the fact that Elizabeth opens up her world to us is a gift in itself.    I read this book from the advice of my therapist who said this is one of the best books about loving from the heart that is not written by a therapist.  I underlined and re-read so many sections in the book.  One that stands out for me is something along the lines of \\"some people are as passionate about having children as I am about traveling...\\"  FINALLY!  Someone I can relate to and who is honest about her feelings; that it's ok to be a woman, divorce your husband, not want children, travel the world, immerse yourself in different cultures and in the end, understand love.    Bottom line - either you'll love it or you'll hate it.  If you've been through a divorce, an eating disorder, a spiritual journey or traveled the world my hunch is this is a book for you.  If not, read it with an open mind and open heart and accept where Elizabeth has been and where she is going...without judging her journey.
B0018CWEYY|1.0|Great season, but charging the same amount (Nearly $40) for only 14 episodes is highway robbery.<br /><br />Not-to-mention that you can watch it online for free.<br /><br />In this age of illegal (though easy) downloads, I've paid for the previous 3 seasons, and was looking forward to this one, but not at this price.<br /><br />Fair is fair.
031606792X|4.0|Ok, so let's just first state that I can't believe I'm doing this...but seeing as I am completely obsessed, let's stress obsessed, with the Twilight Saga I feel I must with all the haters out there.  I just keep reading review after review of Breaking Dawn, and people, let it go.      Spoiler alert.    What I loved about BD:  I was very happy with the ending.  I mean, it's a book, so who cares if she gets it all. Duh, it's called escapism.  I can understand from a literary viewpoint it was a cop out and may be anticlimactic to some that she got Edward, a baby, immorality, Jacob and all her family (Cullen's included) intact.  It was exactly what I wanted for her - all of it.  If Edward had died or she left him for Jacob, I would have died and then tossed my books.  Everyone is all up in arms about how the books have all been about sacrifice and what she'd do for Edward and their love.  But, I am pretty sure she did make one sacrifice, umm, her soul.  And she did choose Jacob before she knew he'd still be her BFF.  And she did choose to be a vampire before she knew she'd be a mature newborn and not have to leave Charlie.      I thought the wedding and honeymoon were endearing.  I was just glad they finally made love.  We have been waiting three books for that.  I totally disagree with people saying Edward became prissy.  I think being a husband and father suits him...his overreacting and devotion are made for that.      I loved, even though I cried reading that part, that Edward loved Bella more than the baby or himself.  If he had to choose, it was obvious he'd pick her over the baby.  It was gut wrenching to read that he would put her wants for a child above his needs, desires and opinions of marriage.  It was just another time Edward showed his undying devotion for Bella and anything to make her happy.      What surprised me about BD:  The gore of the birth and subsequent stabbing in the heart with a venom filled syringe.  I had been anticipating the act would be more romantic (but didn't we all), but maybe that's why SM took this route.      Sperm?  I am confused on why they have that one body fluid, but whatev.    Renesmee is a crazy name, but who cares.  Like the names in Harry Potter aren't crazy.      I was most surprised that I liked Book 2 at all.  I mean, enough with Jacob.  But, his commentary/viewpoint and chapter titles were great.    And I think the shape shifter twist is cooler than werewolves anyway...    I very slightly lost touch with Bella after she became a vampire.  It didn't make me put it down or anything, but I just noticed that her story seemed less urgent now.  Less dire.  She had Edward and immortality - lucky.  Her human nature helped me to identity with her, I'm sure SM's point with that.  Edward seemed less dangerous and mysterious after her change, but no less devoted.  She was now equal to him in a certain aspect and that lessened the star crossed lover edge.   But, her lack of catching on kinda always kept me one step from her too - I mean she really believed him when he said he didn't want her anymore, she thought he went to Italy because he felt guilty, she thought he didn't want her to become a vampire for selfish reasons.      The action with the Volturi.  I thought the purely mental action at the end was a change from the previous three.  Why does every book have to end with some giant fight for conflict.  It was suspenseful, shouldn't that be enough?  And who cares if she has a power now...didn't anyone else see that coming?    So, in conclusion, who cares that she traded her soul for EVERY single thing she ever wanted.  With the ending of the saga, I wanted to be able to always think of them together forever out there somewhere happy and that's what I got.  I mean how can we expect a reality based outcome of this saga when one of the main characters is so amazing perfect: physically (the eyes, the muscles, the hair, the smile, the voice), intelligent with two medical degrees, musical, a good dresser, drives a Volvo, good dancer, good cook, polite, fiercely loyal, compassionate, virtuous, completely devoted to her protection, needs and wants both as a human (he saved her multiple times, made sure she ate and slept, watched her sleep, even had sex with her as a human at her request) and vampire....jez, mankind or should I say womankind everywhere is ruined.     That's my two cents. I'm off to reread Twilight now...
1582701709|1.0|Rhonda Byrne should be ashamed of herself for writing such garbage. There is no 'secret'. These ideas are very old. To a lot of people this is commonplace thinking (positive thinking). She has some nerve to say that anything negative that happens to you is your own fault.   I feel bad for people who wasted their money on her nonsense. If she truly wanted to help people why didn't she give out the information for free.   I truly hope her company goes bankrupt.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|Matt Damon is superb in the third Bourne film and I hope there's a fourth.  Some of the best stunt and fight work I've seen in years.  The intrigue keeps you on the edge of your seat (okay, my couch...) and is worth the nail chewing.  Buy it!
B00180R06I|5.0|I received the criterion edition of Vampyr in the mail today. I am extremely pleased with it. For me it may be the DVD release of the year. Have always loved Carl Dreyer, & this film in particular. Finally seeing a properly restored edition (the previous Image entertainment release was hideous, although better than nothing, & superior to my former VHS release of the film) on a two disc release with commentary, & the entire screenplay available as well as the original source short stories in a literal paperback book (as opposed to a DVD booklet) is a treat indeed.<br /><br />For more release details see attached customer images above. If you don't know about the film itself, see it's write-up in Amos Vogel's Film As A Subversive Art, hear what Dreyer himself has to say about his aims in Carl Th. Dreyer - My Metier, or Google it.
B0017JKEL8|5.0|Do yourself a favor and catch an episode of this show (or just buy the discs on faith).  It's the best, smartest, most compelling character drama I have seen on TV in a long time.  The period setting puts a clever twist on what would be a compelling show even if set in the modern day.  HBO must be killing themselves for passing on this show.  Don't make the same mistake!
B001AW9DKK|4.0|Remember \\"Four Way Street?\\"    It was recorded June 2-June 7, 1970 at the Fillmore East.    Fast forward 38 years.    Neil's \\"Living With War\\" was a moment, an act of passion, and in the overall career sense of Neil Young as a member of Buffalo Springfield through the present, maybe not his best work as a songwriter-performer.    But if you'll take a look at that well-worn copy of \\"Four Way Street,\\" you'll notice \\"Ohio\\"...and you'll realize that, for the most part, politics have been at the center of CSNY from the beginning.    They rock, and they hit a few sour notes, but all in all, as a 2008 document from a legendary band that deserves that status, Deja Vu Live is a solid 4-star effort. Search for the \\"Military Madness\\" videos on YouTube, and you'll want to own this CD.
B0007VNCQ6|5.0|The owner of The Gamekeeper, a nice toy store in Amsterdam, said that this was the best game he had in his store (and he had tons). And it is a lot of fun to play--each player gets a number of animals, which you have to stack on top of the crocodile, until they fall. Yes, you need a surface with some fricion, and a little room to roll the die, but that's all you need. Well, you need motor skills, and you need to learn to wait your turn, and to count--but that was probably the point of the whole game. My 2 1/2 year-old daughter is learning this quickly, and this game helps a lot.<br /><br />Oh, the animals are really cool: all nicely made, of wood, with nice colors. They'll last forever. Great game, great fun.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have been through over a dozen workout DVDs that are geared towards weight loss and getting in shape. I have to say that this DVD is a must buy. Jillian stresses the importance of strength, weights, aerobic and ab workout in the DVD. This workout session with Jillian is hard, but as Jillian states in the DVD \\"if you want big results you have to work hard and earn them.\\" You work out for 20 minutes straight... no water breaks or stopping to catch your breath. I have to admit my first work out with her I didn't think I was going to make it, but the 20 minutes goes by really fast and once you are finished you will feel  such a sense of accomplishment.     There are 3 levels and she suggests you start with level 1 and work your way to level 3...I'm going to be on level 1 for a while. My goal is to have progressed to level 2 by Christmas. I have to say that I still feel the burn today while sitting at work, but it's a good feeling because I know that her workout really is going to give me BIG RESULTS!!! If you are looking for someone to motivate you and who will not let you take an easy way out than this is the DVD for you. If you are looking for a more sweet and fuzzy host, this isn't the DVD for you.
B0013FSL3E|3.0|It had to happen someday....a less than perfect Pixar movie. And unfortunately it did happen! Pixar's Wall-E is a good movie. I would even say a great movie. But unlike its predecessors not a \\"wow\\"-movie. Not a \\"super\\"movie. Not an \\"it knocked off my socks\\" movie. Not a \\"boy that was absolutely stunning could I please see that again straight away\\"-movie. When I walked out of the theatre with my family I was actually surprised to find myself a little bit disappointed. After all, this was the latest Pixar, right ? I so much wanted to like and appreciate this movie like all the others. But the immense measure of satisfaction, joy and elation that had been there all previous times --the \\"adrenaline rush\\"-- was missing this time out. Oh, Wall-E is good and entertaining enough and still of exceptionally high overall quality, but something's missing this time and I don't exactly know what. The magic, I suppose.   The Wall-E character is totally endearing but I found it is the only really endearing and interesting character. EVE isn't particularly cute or spectacular. Just an egg with two blue dots for eyes, really. Even when I imagine myself being in Wall-E's shoes (or perhaps I should say on his caterpillar treads), I find it difficult to believe I could fall in love with her, no matter how lonely I would be. In my opinion they could and should have come up with something better. Where previous Pixar movies were an absolute feast of bright colours, eye-catching vistas and exotic shapes and characters, the sets and scenes of Wall-E are mostly dark, drab and devoid of colour. And where there is colour (in the spaceship and the various robots), it is mainly sharp, cold and fluorescent. The animated movie \\"Robots\\" of a rivaling company, that came out a few years ago, was much more colourful and exiting in this respect.  Wall-E alternates between tediously slow scenes and moments of intense and fast paced action. So fast paced actually that a few times I didn't quite catch what was happening. After half an hour or so the robot bleeps, beeps, pings, pongs, etc. became a little annoying too. I found myself yearning for some spoken dialogue. The plot is a bit simple. That may be OK for smaller kids, but it is too simple for adults. It is in this respect too that Wall-E differs from --for instance-- The Incredibles or Ratatouille. The overall message Pixar wants to convey is OK, but I feel it could have been elaborated more interesting and spectacular. I find that Wall-E as a movie is OK, even great, but definitely not on a par with previous Pixar movies. If you compare it with other animated movies, it still sticks out with head and shoulders above the rest. But unfortunately this is not a common animated movie but a Pixar movie --which is in a league of its own-- so I must compare it with Ratatouille, The Incredibles, Cars, Monsters Inc., Finding Nemo, Toy Story 1 and 2. I am definitely going to buy the Wall-E DVD, later on, and watch it again. Perhaps because it is different from the rest it has to grow on you and you must see it twice to really appreciate and enjoy it, whereas other Pixars caught on immediately and found a place in my heart after the first viewing. I truly hope that this is so.
B0017V7GTY|5.0|Saw them a while back live when going to a Loved Ones concert and instantly became one of my favorite bands.    Solid CD, I haven't decided if I like this as much as Sink or Swim or Senor and the Queen yet (just got, need a  few more listens). I am already very pleased.    You should buy this CD!
B00009RDGA|5.0|Tatam and Ryan O'neal are both great in this movie, Tatum(for her age at the time) is soooo grown up.
B000ICL3KG|5.0|We watched this in school for science class, our whole class stunned  by it. Not only is it entertaining, but factual. We should have voted Al Gore for the president -_- It explains so much, how to improve on keeping our earth healthy, and how the future will be if we don't stop polluting our earth. Its scary, actually, all of the things that will happen to everyone and everything if we don't smarten up. This movie explains it all.
0316113077|3.0|I was kind of dissapointed in this book. I thought it would have more exciting things to make in it than what it did.  I also thought more cake would be featured instead of so many cupcakes and minicakes.  I guess if you're just starting out, you may like it, but I thought it would be better.
B000MQC9H4|5.0|If you are an \\"Under The Tuscan Sun\\" fan you'll want to add this one to your chick flick collection.  It gets better and better with each viewing (great to watch in bed, especially if you are an insomniac).  Nancy Meyers is just a genius at adding the perfect complimentary music to her films.  There's an atmosphere to the whole thing.  If only to watch the brilliant, BRILLIANT Kate Winslet act, you should get it.  First time I saw the movie I thought Diaz was a little broad but the more I watch it the more I am impressed by her and appreciate her comedic talents.  Jude Law, yummy.  Not sure why Meyers cast Jack Black, but he delivers. This DVD is a no brainer to buy if you have even the slightest hint of a romantic bone in your body.
B0009A40ES|5.0|Absolutely one of my favorite movies.  A satire of the yuppie culture and life in the 80's, American Psycho is a cross between a comedy and a horror movie.  There are so many cold, icy, lines that will make you laugh, but there is also the psychotic killer aspect that makes you feel guilty for even liking the movie.  A real thinking movie, you will probably have to watch it twice, but you won't mind.  And you'll never think of Phil Collins' \\"Sussudio\\" the same.  Great, great movie.  Personal favorite.
B00005JPO1|1.0|It's amazing how utterly disappointing this was. I nearly walked out of the theater. If you liked this movie, you have no taste in film, and your standards are extremely low to be entertained. Lucas and Spielberg should bow their heads in shame for this POS.    PS If you think bad CGI gophers are entertaining and belong in an Indiana Jones movie, then you'll love it.
0316143472|4.0|I liked Barrel Fever when it came out; I was lukewarm about Sedaris' subsequent books, but this one is really very funny and much more subtle.  I might even say I like it the best.
031606792X|5.0|The big day has finally arrived for Bella and Edward. Wanting more than anything to become a vampire, Bella has promised Edward that she will marry him before he changes her. Their first few weeks of marital bliss are suddenly cut short by a mind blowing surprise that neither of them saw coming. Now both Bella's and Edward's families are on the verge of being destroyed and all hope seems lost.     Stephenie Meyer's fans have long been waiting desperately for this conclusion to the Twilight Saga. While this is hands down the most bizarre novel of the series, it's also the perfect ending for the journey Meyer first envisioned in a dream several years ago. Thankfully, all of our questions are answered and some much needed closure is given.     Meyer's writing has only grown with each installment and it is certainly at its peak here. One third of the book is actually written from a different character's point of view (besides Bella's) and this was a fun and pleasant addition to the depth of the story. As always, Meyer excels at the methodical pacing of the story, slowly building to a gripping and effective climax.     As mentioned earlier, this is the most bizarre story of the series and just when you think things aren't weird enough, Meyer drops another bomb on us. As a result many fans have been disappointed; however I think these elements, as strange as they are, actually work. Meyer has said that Breaking Dawn is the definitive end of the series, and all of the weird plot twists work together in the end to give a sense of finality.     The Twilight Saga has sparked much debate over whether or not these books are appropriate for young teens to read. I believe that is a decision each parent needs to make for their children. As a parent myself, I can't imagine why parents would let their children read a book or watch a movie simply based on a genre classification or a movie rating. While such classifications and ratings can be great tools, they are not a substitute forparenting nor should they be used as such. My advice to all parents is to read these books before your kids so you can make the best decision. If nothing else, read these books with them so you can talk about any elements that concern you.     Having read all of the books in this series I can tell you that with each installment the themes become more mature and intense. In Breaking Dawn, Meyer deeply explores the marriage relationship between Edward and Bella. If there has to be sex in these books (and really there doesn't) at least it is in the context of the marriage relationship. While these scenes are not graphic by any means, I still felt they were too mature for young readers. Meyer in fact leaves much of the scenes to our imaginations, but in my opinion it is too much and unnecessary. These books do not contain pervasive bad language, but they can be quite violent at times. Breaking Dawn contains some of the most violent and disturbing scenes of the series and parents should be aware of this.     However, I also feel this series has some redeeming qualities. I have raved about Stephenie Meyer's incredible storytelling ability, and I still stand behind that. It has been well documented that Stephenie Meyer created this series having never seen a vampire move (or a Rated R movie for that matter) and never having read a vampire novel. As a result, we have a much different type of vampire story. The main vampires in these stories actually don't drink human blood, because they believe it is wrong to kill people. Instead they drink animal blood to thwart their addictive nature. Many concerns have been raised over the immature and sometimes seemingly inappropriate nature of Bella and Edward's relationship. While I agree with many of those concerns, I was very relieved and quite surprised when Edward in fact turned down Bella's advances until they were married. A vampire with morals? Yeah, not your typical vampire story. Throughout the series Meyer also brilliantlyexplores the theme of good versus evil.    While I have enjoyed this series, it is hard for me to recommend it to everyone. I certainly understand parents' concerns over these stories and am glad to know there are at least some parents out there who actually care about what their kids are reading. I can only hope more parents will take the hint so they can be more aware of what their kids are involved in.     To read or not to read? Well, that is of course your decision. One thing is for sure, the phenomenon known as the Twilight Saga is not going away anytime soon. The film version of Twilight hits theaters this December.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|These guys are the indie darlings of the blogosphere right now, and truth be told, they deserve just about every damn bit of the praise being heaped upon them.<br /><br />Hailing from the city that birthed Hendrix and Nirvana, it is a stunning accomplishment that Fleet Foxes have crafted a debut that recalls vintage CSNY, sun soaked Beach Boy harmonies, late 60's psychedelic pop, and even Appalachian Folk....and yet they manage to transcend a gratuitious homage to any of them.<br /><br />If their lyrics, song titles, and 16th century Renaissance cover art are any indication, this is a band that revels in bucolic and pastoral settings, say in a meadow just beyond the Blue Ridge Mountains.  Off the 11 tracks on this 40 minute LP, 6 of them have them titles that read more like Wordsworth poetry than what you'd expect from a band on the Sub Pop label.<br /><br />But no matter.  Four part harmonies are flawlessly executed, melodies soar amongst the reverb, and the instrumental performance shimmers in the glow of jangly pop tunes.  Neil Young, Jim James, and Brian Wilson are all smiling proudly.<br /><br />Standout tracks like \\"Tiger Mountain Peasant Song\\", \\"Heard Them Stirring\\", and \\"Oliver James\\" are all fine examples of top notch songcraft.  If experience holds any weight here, these guys will be playing circles around other bands by their next release.  Hopefully, they'll stick to current instrumentation though, and avoid going the way of the shaum and hurdy-gurdy.
B00102FELM|5.0|Very clear vocals,that may need to be turned down a bit when you are crankin' it,& the bass too,but excellent sound for live.The director incharge of the visual content needs to learn that more cameras & shots,does not make it a better show,as we don't get much coverage of the special performers in the gig.A must for all scorpion rockers.
B00005N6KG|5.0|You will not believe the sound that comes out of these small things.  Amazing.
015206396X|4.0|Graceling is the first of what I hope will be many more by this very promising writer.  This book is tagged as fantasy, young adult fantasy, adventure, romance, fiction and magic.  It is all those things and more.  I can no longer be considered a \\"young adult\\", but this book will satisfy mature fantasy readers as well.  The story is well plotted with very good character development and a great story line.  There is some romance but is of the \\"young love\\" variety and not the least bit graphic.  This may be important to parents who like to know what their children are reading.  Also, there is no bad language just a very good,engaging story.  You could almost consider this a \\"coming of age\\" story but with a twist. The main characters in the story, Katsa and Po were born with special talents or \\"graces\\".  Like most people who are different from others, they are treated differently but not necessarily better.     There is enough action and adventure to keep the reader engaged.  I never found it to be dull.  It's a great read.  I highly recommend it.
B0017MO10U|1.0|I was disappointed.    My wife, who is the big stargate fan, was also.  She watched it a second time and said she was glad she bought it ... after being really disappointed on the first viewing.    If this were the only stargate show, I would not have any desire to watch another.    My wife and I had settled down to watch good entertainment and I really was not at all happy with what I saw.  It seemed confusing to me how they were pulling elements from different times and trying to put them under a single time.    Anyway, glad to give my opinion for what it is worth.    Save your money for something that is worth watching.
B0017KP93U|5.0|Excuse me my hereticism of view , but after listening to this 2 cds back to back for 2 days on good cosmic mind organic self i could be convince that this is the reencarnation of Pink Floyd . The overall music mind set is just that , incredible music for our times , from early Chicago , to King Crimson ( horns and all ) , with some Young Marble Giants in the way , the Smiths and the Buzzcocks ... Anyway , buy it , steal it , borrow it , estimulate yourself with good soul cosmic music ... Inmerse in the times we live , insane and tragic and lovely fearful and who could really care for me if not myself ...
B00127RAJY|5.0|Julian is a true trainer.You don't have to go out and pay for one when you have this video.She shows you pretty much all you need to know and do.
1401216676|4.0|Now that everyone has seen the Dark Knight, Twice. For those interested in comics I would recommend checking the graphic novel out. It is a look inside the mind of the joker. Crazy, demented and twisted mind. This is not a comic for kids. It is more adult oriented and shows how a real joker would react in a world like Gotham. It is a good launching pad for understanding or at least getting an idea for what Heath Ledger portrayed in his performance in The Dark Knight. All in all if you're a huge comic fan you probably already have this, if you're just getting into or want something related to a comic movie this is a good start.
6304712936|5.0|Amadeus is a gripping drama based on the wonderful play by Peter Shaffer.  This is an unforgettable film which explores the universal theme of mediocrity in the face of greatness.  Antonio Salieri, (F. Murry Abraham), is court composer in the court of Emperor Charles of Vienna.  He is loved by everyone and esteemed because of his musical creations.  However, a new genius comes on the scene: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, (Tom Hulse).  Salieri immediately recognizes the genius of this extraordinary man, although he is appalled by his brusque and uncouth manner.  Salieri's admiration is surpassed by his consuming jealousy, and he will stop at nothing to destroy his rival.  This movie brings into question the fairness of divine justice.  Why are some people blessed with greatness while others have to struggle? Salieri angrily questions God as he prepares to exact revenge upon Him through abusing His instrument.  \\"You say God is not mocked. I say: Man is not mocked!\\"<br />This film is truly exceptional! All of the performers portray their characters excellently, particularly Abraham, who won a well-deserved Oscar.  The movie contains beautifully rendered examples of Mozart's work, and portrays the characters as human beings.  We can all relate to these characters: Salieri, the mediocre and overlooked individual brings to mind all of our failures.  Abraham makes us empathize with this despicable individual.  Hulce makes us feel empathy for Mozart because we witness his fall from greatness into despair as a result of his poverty.<br />Please give this film a chance.
B000V1Y43W|5.0|Cars was the 7th feature film created by Pixar studios and it kept up the trend of excellent Pixar productions. Managing to win Pixar its 3rd consecutive best Animated Feature Academy award, there was no denying how good this film was. The story is clich&eacute; but the concept is still as fresh as Toy Story was back in the day. Its colourful and detailed environments, cars and sequences are put together brilliantly. Pixar makes its movies with this confidence in their own abilities. They seem to never doubt their animation skills or their general imagination for a unique and awe inspiring story.<br /><br />I mentioned that the story is clich&eacute; so I guess I should explain what I mean when I say that. Most Disney movies tend to be along the same lines with a main character who tends to be quite narrow minded and through a series of enlightening events manages to become open minded and a nice person. There's nothing wrong with that, after all it's good to teach our kids that we should all be open minded and nice people. If that's portrayed by a jealous toy or an overprotective fish then so be it. With that clich&eacute; plot device, Pixar still manages to create a unique film and a brilliantly funny in between to give us a hell of a lot of enjoyment.<br /><br />Cars focuses around stock car race car Lightning McQueen who's a racing champion and a sure fire shot at winning the prestigious Piston Cup. During the final race of the Piston Cup championship, a series of events lead to him and two other cars being tied in a photo finish. Because of this situation it is decided that the three will take part in a one off race to decide the true champion. Whilst being transported by Mack to California, McQueen rolls out the back of the truck while asleep and ends up lost in a small town known as Radiator Springs. McQueen accidentally damages the road in Radiator Springs and is forced by the towns Judge, Doc to stay until he fixes the road. While McQueen is in town he makes friends with a truck named Mater, who isn't the brightest bulb in the street. He also seems to develop a crush on another car known as Sally who's a porsche 911 Carrera.<br /><br />I wont tell you more about the story as it will essentially ruin the movie for you. The whole movie is just amazing and although I was disappointed with their follow up of Ratatouille, Pixar really made me a dedicated fan with this. I would strongly recommend this to any fans of their past movies or just to fans of movies in general as it's just overly entertaining and quite loveable., who isn't the brightest bulb in the street. He also seems to develop a crush on another car known as Sally who's a porsche 911 Carrera.    I wont tell you more about the story as it will essentially ruin the movie for you. The whole movie is just amazing and although I was disappointed with their follow up of Ratatouille, Pixar really made me a dedicated fan with this. I would strongly recommend this to any fans of their past movies or just to fans of movies in general as it's just overly entertaining and quite loveable.
B00177Y9ZC|2.0|An interesting story, brought together by interesting talent, falls oddly short of expectations in this action movie with fantasy elements.<br />The stall is set out early, as an intro shows Hayden Christensen discovering his ability to teleport (jump) from place to place.  He indulges himself with his ability, leaving behind the love of his teen life and living in style, until he meets another Jumper, played by Jamie Bell.  They are tracked by the Paladin, a secret group led by Samuel Jackson who are hell bent on destroying Jumpers.  And that's really about it - and I don't mean that I am saving the rest of the plot to avoid writing spoilers - that really is about it, it really devolves into a `does-he-get-the-girl' movie at this point, winding up after a scant 84 minutes, seemingly in the middle of the story.  Why do the Paladin want to destroy Jumpers?  Will Christensen achieve his stated goal of destroying the oddly coiffured Jackson character?  What makes the Jumpers what they are?  How many are there?  Will Christensen's character ever come out of his permanent sulk?  All remain unanswered - presumably for the inevitable sequel.<br />Hayden Christensen does little here to dispel notions that his acting is on a par with your nearest oak tree, but Jamie Bell is interestingly edgy and has the benefit of the films few humorous moments.  Bilson looks terrific of course but really has little to do once the special effects starts, and Jackson is really only going through the motions.  None of this really matters with such thinly drawn characters, and the director smooths over the cracks with his efficient action scenes.  The movie does crackle along with innovative set pieces which pique the interest, ultimately however leaving you all the more unfulfilled at the (partly literally) cliffhanger ending.<br />Overall, you're left with the feeling that as much as there is to like, this would have been much better edited down to a 20 minute introduction to a much more interesting and complex film.  Wait for the next movie and watch it as a double bill.
0156034026|5.0|A fantastically written book that pulls the reader in emotionally, as if the narrator was a personal aquaintance rather than a fictional character (I found myself wanting to yell \\"NO!\\" out loud on more than one occasion). The plot is so real it is still hard for me to believe this is a fictional novel at all.    The entire book is a one-sided conversation between the Pakistani protagonist, Changez, and an American visitor. Changez gives a riveting history of his time in the United States, from his enrollment at Princeton at age 18 to his return to Pakistan at age 22. It is amazing the transformation he goes through in the post-9/11 era. Throughout the novel we also learn of a romance that folds in upon itself.    Overall, The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a powerful, emotional read that may just give you a new set of eyes in regard to America's post-9/11 policies.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Appart from a couple 4-star cuts, this record is just amazing. It has all The Beatles' singles that went up to #1, in US and UK charts, arranged chronologically.<br /><br />You may like it more or less, but you can't deny all the songs here defined the whole sound of contemporary pop/rock music, even till today, no matter how hard the critics are.<br /><br />It may still lack a few other excellent songs from the band deserving to be on a greatest hits collection, but you may still try to get them sepparately by looking for the career albums.<br /><br />These are just #1s. Not more. No less.
B000002UA9|5.0|Their first time out with the rawness and powerfully,explosive sound unmatched by any other artist,with the exception of Elvis,Please Please Me,consist of hard rockers and ballads showcasing each member of the band,McCartney's,I Saw Her Standing There,and,A Taste Of honey,Lennon's,Twist And Shout,and,Anna,Harrison's,Do You Want To Know A Secret,and Chains,Ringo takes the cue and wails on the potent  rocker,Boys,featuring one of the better Harrison leads and of course there's,Please Please Me,the Beatles were probably not the best musicians in the world,gradually improving through the years,but there was a certain chemistry within themselves that combined a unit of one,with their tight harmonies and the brilliant songwriting,8 of 14 tracks are Lennon/McCartney compositions on here,the rest being covers,of course after this album they went a long way baby,a long and winding road,a great Beatles achievement,and an early glimsp of the geniuses at work.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|I'm gonna be short. This season begins to answer questions. Which is good, though it of course raises new ones, but the new ones are no longer arbitrary (like in S3) but logically built on the answers. It is more action packed and emotionally involving. Most of the folks who stopped watching Lost thought it got \\"too weird\\" but these were the same sort of people who couldn't tell a flashback from a flashforward or why Bruce Wayne saved Harvey Dent instead of Rachel in The Dark Knight. The show is strange but it's not any stranger than the pilot, it simply had more frequent WTF moments, which I think is awesome considering those same moments advance the plot in a great way and are answering viewers' questions about the mysteries of the island. The show is good. watch it.
B000002TQB|1.0|Never in my life have i heard such a terrible album. First of all, it's annoying. Second of all, it's boring. It's not trendy, not unique...i can't find anything good about it. I picked it for $10 and i want my money back. I was hyped up about getting into Blur, hearing top stuff about them, but this was just a horrible experience. I'm not picky with music either...i barely throw back anything, and i listen to a huge variety of music including alternative rock, punk, ambient, electronic music, acoustic music, electronic music, doom/drone metal, jazz, blues, funk, rap, JEEZ the list goes on and i hope to never hear Blur again.
B000RPTQ1C|1.0|It's really sad to see a great band like coldplay release a botched album like that. Don't get me wrong, it has its moments, but overall, this album lacks coherence and is really... well... not good at all. Coldplay rose and is now down the wrong path: parachutes was really good, a rush of blood to the head was simply a-m-a-z-i-n-g, but then x&y took them back to 'just good', and then this new album. I hate to say this, because I really, really think coldplay is an amazing band... I tried hard, but this new album simply doesn't work for me. After years of critics towards the band about the fact that 'coldplay will always sound like coldplay', they obviously tried to change that, but instead of trying to make their own style evolve, they simply shoved as many random ideas as they could in this album, with songs that simply don't fit together. Don't get me wrong, I realize it's a challenge, but look at radiohead for instance, every single album has almost no connection with the others, and yet they all are coherent in their own way. Also, coldplay introduces the BOGO (buy one get one) concept, with a bunch of songs that actually are two songs in one. While it works amazingly for bands like queen, because again these 'multiple personalities' songs are disjointed yet coherently built, coldplay didn't understand the recipe: they took songs that don't match each other, and stuck them together anyway (happens multiple times on the album, e.g. tracks 5, 6 and 10). Only a handful of bands managed to pull this one off (queen, system of a down, radiohead...), coldplay will not be one of them. And don't get me started on how dull the lyrics can be... Anyway, they deserve at least one star, for viva la vida (the song) which is amazing, but sadly it's only one song buried deep in the album, stuck between 9 others that are so-so - at best. Disappointing - at least that's my opinion, you don't have to agree with me.
B0002Z0EYK|3.0|\\"Troy\\" is an example of not taking your subject seriously.  Homer's twin epics, \\"The Iliad\\" and \\"The Odyssey\\" are sprawling, have lots of scenes, meander, and are not necessarily great movies in the making.  But Homer's epics could be mined for the right material to make a good movie.  But this isn't it.<br /><br />First, the acting is not always so hot.  Paris comes across as such a wimp that it is rather hard to take.  Eric Bana creates a character who seems to recognize the tragedy that is occurring, but--compared with a wonderfully sculpted Brad Pitt--he doesn't look like he could hold his own with him in combat, which diminishes the impact of their inevitable one on one battle.  Brad Pitt, as Achilles, seems pretty shallow, although he looks great.  Peter O'Toole, playing Trojan King Priam, is not a terribly compelling figure.<br /><br />Second, Homer (not Homer Simpson! Homer, the poet who created \\"The Iliad\\" and \\"The Odyssey\\") disappears as the script goes bizarre.  Menelaus and Ajax die as portrayed in this version? The same with Agamemnon? There's enough pizzazz in Homer's work not to have to resort to the butchery of his works for alterations that are unnecessary.<br /><br />Third, for some pluses.  This is gorgeously shot; the battles scenes are well played; the computer graphics work well and are not over obtrusive. The depiction is near spectacular.  Even though it bears only a modest resemblance to Homer (for which, ultimately, I'm old-fashioned enough that I cannot forgive the perpetrators), it is all to the good that people ignorant of his work will at least have some faint knowledge of it  by watching this. Maybe a few more people might actually read his work after having viewed this flick. If so, this movie has made its own contribution.<br /><br />I tend to rate products pretty positively, since I normally review things that I like.  This movie I don't like so much.  But, on the other hand, if you want to see a buff Brad Pitt, lots of spectacle, fine special effects, even if the movie greatly ignores Homer, then you'll probably enjoy this.  So, on a split vote, I'll go with a 3.ine special effects, even if the movie greatly ignores Homer, then you'll probably enjoy this.  So, on a split vote, I'll go with a 3.
B0001XAPZ6|5.0|This movie is definately a must.  There is a moral to the story regarding humans and nature, so sad for nature.
B0012BTBQU|5.0|I picked this up in the library at random because of the cover and some reviews.  What a great find!  I will be reading the rest of Mr. Sanderson's books for sure.
B000T9OP7G|5.0|The Sarah Connor Chronicles is an amazing show, one of the best on television.  The show starts off slowly building the foundation for a complex, and satisfying storyline.  When Derek Reese (Brian Austin Green), brother of Kyle Reese, is added to the cast in episode five, the show is taken to another level, becoming even more engrossing, as you can't help but be intrigued by this new shadowy character. The mysterious past between Derek and Cameron (Summer Glau), a terminator sent back by John to protect him, is so fascinating, it could have been the plot for the next terminator movie. This DVD is a must have if you plan on watching Season 2.  Do not give up on this show to early, and you will be rewarded by some of the best scenes ever written for television. Unfortunately, this show was victimized by the writers strike, cutting the season short, leaving storylines and sub-plots un-answered.  Fear not though, season 2 airs September 8th 8 p.m. on Fox, and it begins the exact moment the season finale ends.
B0002DB52M|5.0|Nicole Kidman was excellent in this film. I picked up a used copy at Suncoast and I didn't really know what to expect. What a pleasant surprise. The diabolical residents of Dogville are all too believable. The torment Grace endured made my heart want to burst through my chest. I felt for her. The final chapter of the film had me glued to the screen. Can't spoil it but I must say that the end was very satisfying. Cinematography was just gorgeous. Lars has a unique style in which the camera will cut several times to different angles in the same scene. You can find the same camera work in his other films such as Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark. Fantastic film. A bit disappointed that others didn't enjoy it as much as I did. Peace.
B0015D3YX6|5.0|LoVE's Forever Changes 2cd reissue (1967 Elektra - on Rhino Records)<br /><br />Absolutely essential<br /><br />You got outtakes from the best album ever recorded and Wooly Bully, whats not to like?<br /><br />Firstly the package: Its lovely. The Forever Changes album is in a nice little jcard box, clear, written on that that its the Collector's Edition<br /><br />Now, Forever Changes was originally reissued by Rhino Records in 2001, so there is some overlap. (Curiously in the liner notes it says the mix of Wonder People (aka I Do Wonder) on the 2001 reissue is an alternate - it doesn't sound very different, to be honest, aside from some added backing vocals at the end..<br /><br />But the 2cd reissue puts me in mind of the recent Monkees 2cd reissues (Monkees, More, Headquarters, Pisces Aquarius & Jones Ltd) - lovely packaging, excellent liner notes by Andrew Sandroval, beautiful pictures (some familiar from Bryans first solo on Sundazed, ifyoubelievein, incidentally)<br /><br />Setting all objectivity aside, this is a set to cherish. I can't imagine anyone quibbling with the track selection. Ok, the Red Telephone sessions leading to an off the cuff version of Wooly Bully is a WTF?! moment, but its interesting to hear that Bryans fart broke up the Red Telephone sessions (it took 20 takes for them to eventually finish the song)<br /><br />And to hear the guys goofing around shows they were still capable of having a good time<br /><br />Forever Changes is sometimes overshadowed by the fact that this is the last album by the original group, and maybe Love should have disbanded after (which a quote from Arthur Lee in the liner notes admits<br /><br />\\"In actuality I shouldn't have listened to people and carried on. Because I think Forever Changes is the best album so far. I have to agree with the people. People tell me, \\"You know what? I lived my whole life by the words you wrote in Forever Changes.\\" (2003)<br /><br />Of course by that point Arthur was touring with Baby Lemonade and doing the album in its entirety, with strings and brass, but its still a shame..<br /><br />The liner notes are informative (read between the lines and theres one reason the group broke up: drugs. Arthur alludes to \\"personal habits\\" in a 1980 interview breaking up the group - heroine, actually..<br /><br />And theres a picture of the session sheet which note that \\"Wooly Bully\\" was cut during the Red Telephone, which is kinda amazing considering what a powerful track this song is (the title alludes to the \\"hotline\\" the president has in the White House). And that Wooly Bully is pure throwaway. Its the one track on the 2cd set that will probably not be played too much even by the most desperate LoVE fan!<br /><br />I particularly like the fact that in the liners, theres mention of the \\"I do wonder\\" track being cut in 1974 for an EP, which is how I know the track (I even prefer that version - it eventually surfaced on Arthur Lee's second solo album on Rhino Records from 1980 (called Arthur Lee). (Unfortunately the best songs on this second solo album of Arthurs are covers (Arthur doing \\"Mr Lee\\", Arthur cutting da capo's \\"7 and 7 Is\\" again, Arthur doing Jimmy Cliff's \\"Many Rivers To Cross\\" on piano). Perhaps best to give it a miss till after you collect the Elektra (Love, da capo, Forever Changes) MCA (Out There, False Start) & RSO (Reel to Real) LoVE records<br /><br />The alternate mix of the album is interesting (The Red Telephone is a little longer, The Daily Planet seems to have an extra guitar in the mix - you know, the one that plays the main riff opening the song going from G to A)<br /><br />I believe that You set the scene is the only repeat of the album in its alternate mix state that appeared on the 2001 version (with Arthur scat singing at the very fade of the piece - this was a vocal overdub that was left off - according to the liner notes when Arthur first heard it in prison in 2001 he did not even remember singing it and thought it was someone else! couldn't even make out the words!!)<br /><br />All that aside, maybe this isn't for someone who hasn't lived/breathed the album.. I think its good that the only thing on the 1st disc is the album is the album proper.. Now, there is not a time I cannot remember not listening to this album. A lot. Hearing it in my teens was a revelation, even more than the Beatles.<br /><br />I'm listening to the backing track for A House Is Not A Motel (apparently Echols lead guitar was an overdub as you don't hear it, but its terribly exciting regardless - when I first saw Love in the early 90s (in NYC at Tramps Cafe) it would usually end the show with the guitarist from Das Daman leaving the guitar against the amp for feedback, and the song went on for close to 10 minutes<br /><br />Hearing an acoustic version of the song is tremendous - must get up to play it again - these are really strong songs. From what I recall reading of Bryans 40 page interview in Psychedelic Psounds (later reprinted in David Housden's The Castle publication) he and Arthur went over the album for a month before recording, playing it through on acoustic guitars.<br /><br />I still prefer the electric version of the song as it appears on the album (on the alternate mix of the song on disc 2 theres a sudden ending)(I think this mix might've originally appeared on Love Masters on Elektra actually). Cos noone could play electric guitar like Johnny Echols (I hope he still records something with Baby Lemonade down the line, though of course LoVE is no more with the passing of Arthur Lee in 2006)<br /><br />Back to the alternate mix of the album on disc 2 - a lot of the tracks are not too different. Might be a little jarring though - you actually get to hear the last chord of The Good Humor Man He Sees Everything Like This (on the album it skips, as you'll recall - it reminds me when I heard \\"Her Majesty\\" on the Beatles Something To Hide bootleg and you could hear the final chord ring out (on Abbey Road you never hear the note it just ends unexpectedly - its the last song on the album, mysteriously appearing 20 seconds after \\"The End\\" on Side 2!)<br /><br />Also, on the alternate mix there are a lot of count ins.. Very eerie hearing a \\"One Two Three Four..\\" counting off The Red Telephone - a song that could be the oddest ever recorded. You hear Arthur clearly breaking up laughing during the coda - you can understand why they elected to leave it off! and snip off the ending guitar. Again, the album version gets the nod - but its interesting to see the original take, and why they decided to just have that wonderful fade driven by the drums after Arthurs singing \\"Alla Gods Children Gotta Have Their Freedom\\"!the album.. I think its good that the only thing on the 1st disc is the album is the album proper.. Now, there is not a time I cannot remember not listening to this album. A lot. Hearing it in my teens was a revelation, even more than the Beatles.    I'm listening to the backing track for A House Is Not A Motel (apparently Echols lead guitar was an overdub as you don't hear it, but its terribly exciting regardless - when I first saw Love in the early 90s (in NYC at Tramps Cafe) it would usually end the show with the guitarist from Das Daman leaving the guitar against the amp for feedback, and the song went on for close to 10 minutes    Hearing an acoustic version of the song is tremendous - must get up to play it again - these are really strong songs. From what I recall reading of Bryans 40 page interview in Psychedelic Psounds (later reprinted in David Housden's The Castle publication) he and Arthur went over the album for a month before recording, playing it through on acoustic guitars.    I still prefer the electric version of the song as it appears on the album (on the alternate mix of the song on disc 2 theres a sudden ending)(I think this mix might've originally appeared on Love Masters on Elektra actually). Cos noone could play electric guitar like Johnny Echols (I hope he still records something with Baby Lemonade down the line, though of course LoVE is no more with the passing of Arthur Lee in 2006)    Back to the alternate mix of the album on disc 2 - a lot of the tracks are not too different. Might be a little jarring though - you actually get to hear the last chord of The Good Humor Man He Sees Everything Like This (on the album it skips, as you'll recall - it reminds me when I heard \\"Her Majesty\\" on the Beatles Something To Hide bootleg and you could hear the final chord ring out (on Abbey Road you never hear the note it just ends unexpectedly - its the last song on the album, mysteriously appearing 20 seconds after \\"The End\\" on Side 2!)    Also, on thealternate mix there are a lot of count ins.. Very eerie hearing a \\"One Two Three Four..\\" counting off The Red Telephone - a song that could be the oddest ever recorded. You hear Arthur clearly breaking up laughing during the coda - you can understand why they elected to leave it off! and snip off the ending guitar. Again, the album version gets the nod - but its interesting to see the original take, and why they decided to just have that wonderful fade driven by the drums after Arthurs singing \\"Alla Gods Children Gotta Have Their Freedom\\"!
B000W91RUG|5.0|I wasn't sure if I would like this show when I first saw the preview ads last summer.  But after watching the first episode, I found myself watching every episode, and when I knew that I wouldn't be home, I would TiVo it.  The ensemble cast is phenomenal, and the chemistry between the actors really makes this show work.  I have been waiting to hear that it was renewed for the next television season.  It is definitely a must-own for my DVD collection.
B0011ZVQK6|1.0|If one of the many mediocre hits on this album was the theme to your senior prom buy it.  Otherwise why pay $10 for dated light pop?
B0013J9KOO|5.0|Warning!  Spoilers abound!<br /><br />Gradually over the past several years Guillermo del Toro has emerged as arguably the finest creator of fantastical films in the world.  Now that he has been tagged to direct the two-part HOBBIT he has the opportunity to cement that reputation.  Even without that, however, he has a string of remarkable films behind him.  His finest film remains PAN'S LABYRINTH.  He has also made both of the HELLBOY films, the stunning Spanish language THE DEVIL'S BACKBONE, the second (and best) part of the BLADE trilogy, and the absolutely terrifying horror film MIMIC.  Others can boast two or three such films, but few so many or of such high quality.<br /><br />HELLBOY II was, if anything, even more enjoyable than the first film.  del Toro focuses less on plot than on the interrelations between the various characters and the way that affects things.  Their superheroic adventures by contrast serve as mere interruptions to that.  The central conflict in the film is Liz's unhappiness in her relationship with Hellboy and her hesitation in telling her that she is pregnant.  This is the issue they all refocus on when not having to deal with saving the world from destruction by the Golden Army.  But it reminds us that whatever else the characters are despite their astonishing gifts, they are persons as well, with the kinds of concerns that people have.<br /><br />One of my favorite characters in the Hellboy films is Abe Sapien, marvelously portrayed by the astonishing Doug Jones.  Over the years Jones, a mime by training, has carved out a career as perhaps the best-known physical actor in Hollywood.  If you need a character that needs to move in remarkable fashion, Jones is often called upon to bring them to life.  For instance, though Laurence Fishburne voiced the Silver Surfer, Jones provided the template for the CGI imaging.  Fans of BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER will remember him as the taller of the two main Gentlemen in the classic Season Four episode \\"Hush.\\"  But no one has used Jones as effectively as del Toro.  He has been not only played Abe Sapien in the Hellboy movies, but several other characters as well.  And in PAN'S LABYRINTH Jones portrayed both the Fawn of the title (which is not, by the way, Pan -- that was added only to the English translation of the title -- in most other languages the film is simply THE LABYRINTH OF THE FAWN) as well as the Pale Man who haunts the girl with his eye balls in the palms of his hands.  I'm sure del Toro will find a place for him in THE HOBBIT as well.  Actually, I'm fairly certain he'll find several places.<br /><br />There were just so many things that I enjoyed about this film.  Many of these were small touches, such as the battle Hellboy has beside the Brooklyn Bridge with the Elemental, while holding a small baby.  As a viewer knowing what he does not (that Liz is pregnant with his child), one realizes that he might make a better father than one might initially suppose.  I also loved the way that while the film utilizes staggering amounts of CGI, it is never used more than is necessary.  The CGI is used in service of the story; the film is not merely a vehicle for CGI, which is the case with, say, TRANSFORMERS and SPEED RACER.<br /><br />The summer of 2008 could well be remembered as the summer of the superhero film.  It started off with IRON MAN, progressed to THE INCREDIBLE HULK and HELLBOY II, and finally to THE DARK KNIGHT.  Well, OK, there was also HANCOCK.  But those four good films are easily the best batch of superhero movies ever to be released in a single summer.  All signs are that they will receive considerable competition in the future.  Barring success by 20th Century Fox's lawsuit attempting to ban its release, THE WATCHMEN is slated for a Spring 2009 release.  Marvel now has its own production company and has announced future films based on Thor, the Runaways (my personal favorites in all the Marvel Universe), the Avengers, and Captain America, aswell as sequels to Iron Man and The Hulk.  DC has lagged behind Marvel in the quality and quantity of its properties coming to light (THE DARK KNIGHT notwithstanding), but I have little doubt that they will start taking steps to correct that.  Over the past 20 years the comics that DC has put out, especially under its Vertigo imprint, has been far superior to Marvel.  The problem is that those titles are by and large more complex and darker.  Marvel may not have anything quite as stunning as Gaiman's Sandman series or Y: THE LAST MAN (which is rumored to be under development as a film project) or Willingham's FABLES or Ellis's TRANSMETROPOLITAN, but as great as these are as comics, they may not have the mass movie appeal of the Marvel titles.  Time will tell.ulk.  DC has lagged behind Marvel in the quality and quantity of its properties coming to light (THE DARK KNIGHT notwithstanding), but I have little doubt that they will start taking steps to correct that.  Over the past 20 years the comics that DC has put out, especially under its Vertigo imprint, has been far superior to Marvel.  The problem is that those titles are by and large more complex and darker.  Marvel may not have anything quite as stunning as Gaiman's Sandman series or Y: THE LAST MAN (which is rumored to be under development as a film project) or Willingham's FABLES or Ellis's TRANSMETROPOLITAN, but as great as these are as comics, they may not have the mass movie appeal of the Marvel titles.  Time will tell.
B00005B36H|1.0|I don't get it... over 1200 5 Star reviews?  I just don't get it!  Would you say their review's were not that of the album itself or, more that of dedicated fan ferver?  The only thing that really impressed me on this album was the packaging.  Maybe that's what the over 1200 5 Stars were for . . . No?!
B00139W3NE|2.0|The Golden Compass (Chris Weitz, 2007)<br /><br />I am very much in love with His Dark Materials, the Phil Pullman trilogy from which this film gets its sensibility. I tried not to let that affect my judgment while watching this, and I knew going in that no filmmaker would be able to replicate the brilliance of the books. But, even before the movie came out, I knew we were in trouble; Chris Weitz (American Pie) was slated to write and direct. You want to tell me this guy can do Pullman justice? Then came the reports, in 2004, that Weitz was taking some liberties with the script (those who've both read the books and seen the movie are all too well aware of those). How good could it be? I got the expected answer: nowhere near good enough.<br /><br />Dakota Blue Richards stars as Lyra Belacqua, the girl around whom everything in the books turns. Her character is the second most notable thing toned down; many of the book's critics rightly point out that Lyra is a shrill, almost harridan-like character in the first book, while the intention here seems to have been to make her cuddly, likable, and full of wonder. Which kind of makes the whole character-development-through-growth-and-change thing null and void (and, as we all know, one of the main rules of writing is that your main character must somehow change). As well, the good guys and the bad guys have been desperately simplified here, and yet paradoxically made somewhat less monstrous/heroic than in the books; I'm still trying to figure out how that happened. The cast (with Daniel Craig as the main good guy and Nicole Kidman as the winter queen-like Mrs. Coulter), however, does the best with what they've got, and a number of the performances are quite good, if you can divorce them from the source material. The special effects are, of course, stunning. As we learned from the horrible adaptations of Eragon and The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, Hollywood seems to think they can come up with another Lord of the Rings (in terms of box office receipts) as long as they keep the cutting-edge effects coming. They neglected to note Jackson's attention to the character depth and development in his seemingly legendary adaptations of Tolkein.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and see the movie before reading the books. That way you won't know what you're missing (and many of the plot holes will not show up for you, though you will probably wonder why as character like Serafina Pekkala-- who should be a major character-- just kind of pops up now and again, then disappears), and you can go back later, read the book, and actually understand what it was Pullman was on about. **ox office receipts) as long as they keep the cutting-edge effects coming. They neglected to note Jackson's attention to the character depth and development in his seemingly legendary adaptations of Tolkein.     Do yourself a favor and see the movie before reading the books. That way you won't know what you're missing (and many of the plot holes will not show up for you, though you will probably wonder why as character like Serafina Pekkala-- who should be a major character-- just kind of pops up now and again, then disappears), and you can go back later, read the book, and actually understand what it was Pullman was on about. **
B0017I1FO4|5.0|I have been hungry for new music as of late to which I've sought out such new albums from Staind, Tool, Breaking Benjamin, Saving Able, etc. which did little to satisfy my new music craving and with some, only more so, left a disdained impression of the what there really is out there.  Then I heard \\"The Sound Of Madness.\\"  This truly is one impressionable and phenomenal album.    The diversity in the cuts keep the mind hungry to hear that next track.  Mixing was superb on this album yes indeed, but mixing alone cannot overshadow for the lack of talent which Shinedown obviously is NOT lacking.  These cuts are diverse, powerful, melodic, amazingly balanced, and all together superbly packaged for one fantastic album.  The lyrical writing is equally memorable which leaves only their performance in question which, once you listen to this album, you'll understand that Shinedown's talent is definitely superb and deserving of high marks as well.  I suppose one can imagine my rating is more than favorable but one only needs to get their own copy and you'll no doubt agree . . . This is one fantastic album and I am anxiously awaiting their next!
B0017R5UAA|5.0|From the sweet tuned Meadowlarks to the soft singing and acoustics of White winter hymnal, Fleet Foxes shows me songs and styles that I haven't enjoyed in a long time. Fleet Foxes is the one of the best albums I have listened to all year. The songs are so relaxing, I just forget about everything and let myself be sucked into the sweet melodies and voices. If you want to take a break from all the other music you have, or just looking for something new to listen to, this is for you.
B0013FYTA8|5.0|This is just an excellent piece of work . . . and it's FUN!  The creativity that is depicted here can only be described as, although I imagine pain stakingly labor intensive to make, this is one FUN album.      Energetic, creative and talent driven, you might want to pick this one up!
B0018QCXGY|4.0|When \\"Cloverfield\\" first started, I was thinking, \\"What the heck is this?\\". People at a party being videotaped by this one dude, the camera jiggling. I was ready to give up on the movie. THEN, the monster attacks. The movie picked up from there. I actually grew to like the first person view through the eye of the dude with the camera.<br />Good stuff!! Kept me wondering what would happen next.
031606792X|1.0|Not at all appropriate for the pre-teen age group the books initially targeted. In the first hundred pages there are many vivid references to sex--reminds me of a cheesy-grocery-store-romance novel.
0143034901|4.0|This book is a homage to Latin American and 20th century European Latin Mediterranean literature. Barcelona is a huge character here. The fact that the Spanish Civil War is in the background could also classify this book as a historical novel. The end result is excellent.
067144901X|5.0|my 19 month old still loves this book.. at around 13 months he would come to me with the book and tell me 'mom MOOO' ... then we'd read the book together, he loves the animals and the words are so easy to memorise so even though we read it a million times (cuz he loves it that much) i can do other things while still reading him the story by heart as he turns each page.<br />Also , because it is a nice light read I don't mind reading it over and over again as young children seem to constantly want! :)
0694003611|5.0|My son loves this book so much that he doesnt just want me to read it at night.. he wants me to read it a million times in the day too! my 19 month old loves pointing out all the objects on the page that we are saying good night to. The worlds are flowy.. the pictures are perfect and it keeps him interested from the first page to the last. A toddlers bookshelf is incomplete without this book!
0805047905|5.0|I started reading this book to my son when he was 12 months old and since then he has always loved reading it. The words are flowy and interesting enough to capture his attention. A definate must have in a toddlers bookshelf!
031606792X|5.0|I was suprised to see the lack of enthusiasm for Meyer's 4th book. I thought she did an incredible job and I place \\"Breaking Dawn\\" at the top of my 'favorites' list. It was probably my favorite of the series and I believe it would be anyone's if they would just allow themselves to abandon all expectations and come to grips with their role as a reader. Too many people have pre-concieved ideas of exactly where the story should take them (I talked to many people before the 4th book came up and was surprised at how many people differed from what I thought should happen). I decided to ditch all expectations and just let the writer do all the work--and she did it brilliantly. The story didn't turn out like anything I had imagined but that made it better and full of twists, turns, and surpirses. So to anyone who hasn't read it yet, if you could come to grips with your role as a reader and drop your personal ideas of what should happen, I think you will absolutely love it!!
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|Even Madonna herself admitted to everyone on VH1's Behind the Music 10 years ago that she's not the best singer in the world; but the main reason why she went into the music industry is that she had something to say!<br /><br />I did like her vocal performance in Evita, but let's face it; she trained really hard for the role and really convince us that she can do it. She's not a Broadway singer, so going back to her pop roots vocally would be fitting!<br /><br />As for the album...why is it that an artist especially someone who has been around for 25 years, who tries to do something new and evolve with their work gets criticized for being a sell-out or joining the bandwagon of mainstream just because they happen to choose to work with today's hot producers/hit-makers? As musicians, they continue to get inspired by one another - music is universal, what the hell does it matter if she's trying to do something new? You praise her for doing something different because she does NOT repeat herself, yet, slam her at the same time by saying, \\"Madonna is trying to get street cred from today's hip hop producers\\". What if her main reason for the collaboration is to just interpret a genre of music that she currently enjoys listening to?<br /><br />Madonna is an average singer who made these songs her own. But let's listen to the words and message she's trying to tell us. Remember, this is the same Madonna who encouraged us to express yourself and open your heart.<br /><br />Enough said...
0307386171|2.0|Am I the only person who read this McEwan piece as a short story in the New Yorker in September, 2006?    I thought it was a brilliant short story. However, when it was published as a new hardback, I forgot I had seen that title before. The book was what it was, a short story force-fed into becoming a publishable, hard-back book. The additional pages written by the author added nothing, except royalties.    The short story contained every thing necessary to convey what I thought was an interesting, tense and surprising story.    Authors and publishers should reveal somewhere on the cover of the \\"book\\" it has been previously published in another form. I was disappointed in this little charade.
B0018O4YT0|5.0|This is a highly rated film--even by the professional movie critics. The Director's Cut--this is the version to buy-- its video and sound presentation are quite impressive--fantastic anamorphic widescreen picture that looks almost like a high-definition DVD!  This is especially important for this movie because so many scenes are, well, in the dark. The blacks are deep and clear and the colors are rich and natural. The sound is also quite good (Dolby 5.1). The movie looked and sounded great on my large-screen high definition TV system with surround sound. It also helps if you have a high-quality DVD player (The \\"upconversion\\" feature of high defintion DVD players greatly enhances regular DVDs. My Toshiba 1080p HD DVD player is quite good at this--I believe the Blu ray players can more or less provide the same upconversion).  Highly recommended!
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I was almost too lazy to watch this film, how pathetic I am.<br />M. Moore hit another HUGE homerun, this film hits you in the gut<br />from start to finish, weaves a devastating story, and is the first<br />and last thing you need to know about U.S. health care:  IT SUCKS !!<br />We're a bunch of suckers in the USA.  I shed a tear when the U.S.<br />rescue workers were embraced by their Cuban firefighting brothers.<br />Thank god someone can recognize a hero, apparently the U.S. government<br />cannot!  Next time you see a bright, shining skyscraper with a medical insurance, hmo, or drug company logo on the top, just remember all the dead and chronically ill people that were swindled, left to die or suffer untreated for the rest of their lives just so some top executives and CEOs can be filthy rich and the richest 1% can see their multi-million and billion dollar stock holdings appreciate.  We are all suckers in the U.S.  As the brillant british gentleman said, \\"If you can pay to kill people, certainly you can pay to save people\\".  That's all you need to remember.
031606792X|5.0|I know a lot of people don't like how things turned out for Bella, Edward, Jacob and the rest.  It's too happy an ending, they say.  They say it isn't realistic.  Yeah, cuz Bella couldn't (SPOILER) get knocked up by a vampire!  Are you hearing yourself?  There are no vampires!  It's a book, they are characters, and it doesn't have to be realistic.  I personally loved it, I liked having the whole thing wrapped up in a big red bow.  I live in real life, a little fantasy is what made the series fun to read.  I definately recommend it.
0385340990|5.0|I received this book free of charge through the Amazon Vine Program. To be honest, it is a book I never would have bought on my own. The title is certainly a bit strange and I'd never read a book in the epistolary style. Much to my great surprise, I ended up loving this book and fell in love with Juliett, Sydney and all the inhabitants of Guernsey Island. If I could move to that Guernsey in the time period described, I would (after the German occupation of course!). This is a wonderful book and one that I wished had not ended. Sadly, the primary author died this year so I don't know if Ms. Barrows (the other writer) can provide us with further books to the high standards set by this book. I certainly hope so.
015206396X|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. Kristin Cashore's first novel combines great characters and a story line that is quite compelling. Katsa, the main character is a Graceling - a person with a mutation. Gracelings have a variety of skills -some highly useful, others not so much; but all are identified with eyes of differing colors. Katsa's skill is being able to kill, but as the story unfolds she learns that she can help others rather than harm them. For a great fantasy story, read this book. I can't wait for Cashore's next novel.
1563890119|4.0|After delving back into comics and graphic novels from a 15 year hiatus, I embarked on a quest to find books that would suit a mature reader in his 20s and lo and behold this is such a book! I had read the overwhelmingly positive reviews left for \\"Preludes and Nocturnes\\" and decide to give it a go, and boy am I glad I did! I have to say when I opened the book initially I was a bit put off by the art style but after going through the first two issues in the book I began to appreciate the beauty of the style because it suits the story so well.    As far as the story it is quite compelling for the most part but a couple aren't so exciting. My personal favorite stories are the ones involving the character, Dr. Destiny which are truly a twisted set of tales! I also really enjoyed how Gaiman (the writer) seamlessly intertwines several different mythologies together such as judeo-christian and some Dante and Milton stuff...very interesting. I am eagerly awaiting the arrival of the 2nd and 3rd volume of the series if they can capitalize on the great foundations left by \\"Preludes and Nocturnes\\" then I'll be hooked! Definitely pick this up if you like fantasy or literature!
B000FGGE68|5.0|As the story goes,<br />Director writes and shoots interesting movie. Spends too much time in the edit bay perfecting it, studio grows impatient at the time it's taking and hires someone to come in and quickly hack together something they can throw into theaters. Thus the theatrical version of this movie is released.<br /><br />Movie looks cool but story is total crap. Movie Tanks.<br /><br />Studio decides to throw together an \\"Unrated Edition\\" which is really just a cut closer to what the director intended, and you get this edition of the movie, which is 50 times BETTER. The story isn't super-awesome, but it works and is much better. Maybe one day we'll get a true directors cut.
031606792X|2.0|I thought this actually was an okay book, for what it is (something really different from the other 3 - that is, NOT a romantic book).  Some scenes stuck with me, and I liked that Bella finally got some assets.  The battle scene at the end is the coolest part, with some kind of clever parts.    I'd just like to add two points:    1) What kind of editor would let the name \\"Renesmee Carlie\\" past?  I honestly think the repetition of 'Renesmee', I believe the stupidest name I have ever encountered in a book, reduced my enjoyment of the book by a third.  Others have pointed out how immature Bella is - what more thoroughly indicates immaturity than naming a child with a combination of all four grandparents' names?? It might work as a name for a Care Bear or something, but honestly!!    2) In the other three books, Edward at least was actually often ROMANTIC.  I don't agree that Jacob was, I agree with others that his behavior was too much borderline sexual assault.  But there were plenty of moments with Edward that were satisfyingly swoony without stooping to bodice-ripper status.  Edward would gaze into her eyes, or be exultantly thrilled to be in love, or something, and the reader could sigh and imagine being with such an attractive character.  Edward's proposal; the moment when she saves him in Book 2; conversations at the lunch table in Book 1.  In this one, who would want to be with him?  He's a killjoy, even more freakishly paranoid than before, refuses to listen to anything his \\"true love\\" tries to say, manipulates her rather than having real conversations, and never really exhibits emotions besides agony and worry. There are a bare couple of moments in this very long book where he's kind of romantic, but even those are so coyly presented to avoid overt sexuality that they barely really exist.      Even in the brief period when Edward is not made emasculatingly helpless by his pathological worrying ... oh, wait a minute, there is no such brief period.  He always finds something to worry about, the drama queen.  Where did Meyer get the idea that what we liked about Edward was this one characteristic?  Did someone say how romantic it was when he saved Bella from being raped, and that made her decide that Edward has to be in a constant froth of freaked-out panic at the very idea of any tiny thing harming her?  Jeez, how annoying would that get in an actual partner - especially if you had become at least as powerful as he is?  It's certainly annoying in a romantic lead.  Can you imagine a truly attractive man - Humphrey Bogart, or Harrison Ford, for instance - constantly pushing the woman behind him and refusing to let her do anything remotely dangerous?  If she had written \\"The Lord of the Rings,\\" would Aragorn have told the Fellowship to go to hell and his future subjects to forget it, because he had to stay with Arwen to lock her up on a ship sailing for the West and safety?  Yes, and it wouldn't have been romantic in the least.
B000UPSKO8|5.0|Do not hesitate to buy this DVD. It is worth every dollar. The four singers really stand out, Netrebko with her angel-like voice, Vargas with a wonderful tenor voice, Garanca as a colorful mezzo and Tezier as a brilliant baritone. Each and every aria are outstandingly sung and when the four of them join to sing both an aria from Rigoletto and from Traviata their voices blend wonderfully. It is one of those treasures that are worth being discovered. Javier from Bariloche
B000YABIQ6|5.0|I was surprised season one was released so fast, but am glad it was. I love this show and think it fairly deserves all the awards and praise it has earned. I look forward to many more seasons. Cox subscribers it is on AMC's free zone for On-Demand if you have missed any episodes.
0374531269|5.0|Never in my life have I been so involved in a book as this one.  For one person to have actually lived this life it is amazing to me.  A wonderfully written book.
1400032717|5.0|This was an absolutely wonderful journey with an inspired and inspiring hero.  This is simply a must read.
B00177Y9ZC|4.0|Jumper is a surprisingly entertaining movie for the \\"Superhero\\" genre fans. Not that Hayden Christensen wears a funny suit or saves people, he just would fit in with X-Men's Kitty Pride like a brother. He's known as a Jumper, a person with the ability to transport to any place on Earth just by thinking of it in an instant. However, since the dawn of time, these jumpers are hunted by a group known as Paladins, led by Samuel L. Jackson (sporting some of the most metallic silver hair this side of Steve Martin) who for no other reason hunt and kill the Jumpers down due to only tradition and envy. So after a few years of robbing banks and traveling the globe, he finally is spotted, escapes back home to his old girlfriend, meets up with another Jumper, and takes on the baddies once and for all.<br /><br />Now normally I scoff at today's CGI effects, but this time it was done right. Every jump looked very neat and it always was a cool guessing game to think for a split second as to where they'd end up. The action sequences are well played out and the storyline's quick, to the point, and doesn't tend to drag anywhere. Sure, Christensen's acting still could use a little \\"jump\\" itself, but seemed to fit with the character here & Jackson can still play the hated bad guy better than most of his acting equals.<br /><br />In conclusion, Jumper is a fun eye-candy movie. A cool and somewhat original story that keeps you interested throughout. Recommended to most, really close to a must-buy for fantasy/comic-book fans. Jump to it!<br />(RedSabbath Rating:8.5/10)
B0000009RX|4.0|I am a deejay at a community radio station whose mission is to showcase independent music makers, either local talent or those on \\"indie\\" labels. Having long ago lost my vinyl collection (don't ask) I occasionally buy one of my oldie faves, both to enjoy and to broadcast.<br /><br />Having listened and re-listened to Frank Zappa's brilliant \\"We're Only in it for the Money\\" (the first time I've heard these songs for at least 30 years), I have to say that today's indie artists got nuthin' on Frank. And he is much funnier. Not to mention musical prodigality that shines through even the weirdest of his weird. Zappa was clearly a genius.<br /><br />\\"There will come a time when we can even take our clothes off when we dance,\\" for example, includes profound insights into the ways society shames individuals into conformity.\\"What's the ugliest part of your body?\\" he asks, and answers \\"your mind.\\" \\"Who needs the Peace Corps?\\" delves into the ennui of youth and the meaninglessness of so much of what passes for culture. And too, this one is a send-up of the Beatles who had just issued Sgt. Peppers, which some (and obviously Zappa) felt was a little pretentious (though I would beg to disagree on that one.)<br /><br />A gem from the 60s.
B00005V9IK|5.0|it's a good movie and i like how you guys at amazon can help me get what i need even toys that you can't find in stores for my kids. thank you
0743504984|5.0|Band of Brothers is the kind of stories I used to hear from my father and uncles of their experiences in World War Two.  Stephen Ambrose has a particular talent for making the reader feel all the emotions these very brave men went through.  I read the book before I saw the HBO mini-series, and I bought the autdo book for when I am traveling.  I never want to forget, and I hope the country never forgets what these citizen soldiers did to change the world we live in.
B0015I2P0Y|5.0|When I got this album, I had no idea what to expect.  The description was vague, but I have to say on first listen this album had be hooked.<br /><br />This album has elements that make it atypical.  It has a cross-cultural sound that to me isn't unlike Peter Gabriel's work.  What it adds to that sound is strong instrumentation and equally strong vocals.  One can't help but feel good after listening to the album as it's ambiance is really uplifting.<br /><br />It has made me a repeat listener. \\"Starlings\\" is really a great intro to the album which puts a strong dynamic sound at regular intervals amongst an otherwise relaxing song.  While the dynamic variation is never as strong through the remainder of the album, the melodies, timbre, vocals, and poly-rhythms only get stronger and mix things up enough to make each listen a new experience.  All of this variation is subtle enough that the album holds up as a coherent piece that will possibly have a different sound depending on your own mood and emotions.<br /><br /> All I can say, is that this album is a welcome relief as way too much of today's popular music puts everything out front without a challenge to the point where it can get boring.  This album never gets boring.<br /><br />I guess with that in mind this isn't unlike some other greats such as Peter Gabriel, which this album seems to have a loose similarity too.  The sound also reminds me a bit of modern day Radiohead minus the vocals (thankfully). In other words, Elbow presents a multi-layered album that will easily stand the test of time.  I look forward to exploring more of their albums, and I think an exploring listener should give this album a chance.
015603008X|5.0|I read this book as required reading the the 8th grade and I never did stop loving it. My classmates loved it too but to be fair, a lot of them wouldn't reread it.    So when I came to Amazon, I was overjoyed that Flowers for Algernon received so many 5 stars. But at the same time, I was incensed that there were actually people who hated it. I know everyone's entitled to their opinions so I decided not to judge them till I understood why they hated the book.    Apparently, the biggest beef they had with the story was that it \\"didn't have enough action.\\" WHAT THE HECK. This book is not meant to be an adventure story where the suddenly smart protagonist is going to become a superhero and beat up villans. It shows the raw emotions of Charlie and how the people around him are like. It shows the ordinary, mundane, every day life of a normal man, depsite his unusual circumstances. People, even if something big happened in your life, you'd eventually get used to or over it and spend your days doing the same things. That's what the story's like.    And another thing - the sexual confusion is natural. After becoming more intelligent, the protagonist is of course going to experience the emotions he didn't during puberty.    Also, many of the reviews seemed to be written by kids who just resented the fact that they had been required to read it. Who'd rather play video games or read \\"great\\" literature such as Breaking Dawn (which has way more sexual content, to no one's surprise).    There, rant over.
B000002I4W|5.0|1959 is to jazz what 1977 is to punk rock: glorious. John Coltrane's Giant Steps. Miles Davis recording Kind of Blue. Charles Mingus and his eponymous Mingus Ah Um. And my personal favorite, Time Out by the Dave Brubeck Quartet. 1959 also introduced one man whose debut album shook the foundations of jazz and introduced a shift in jazz music that is still felt today.    The young man with the plastic horn. Unprecedented.    Ornette Coleman's The Shape of Jazz to Come    Jazz had not seen anything like it. It would be safe to assume that no one thought anything of this caliber would be possible. With its apparent lack of chords, its atonality, and its complete disregard for traditional jazz conventions, Ornette Coleman's debut album angered many. It was easily dismissed as junk, noise, garbage. This isn't music, many said. For them, this wasn't jazz.    But it was. And is.    The Shape of Jazz to Come is prophetic in its title. This album would immensely influence John Coltrane, Eric Dolphy and countless other musicians, both within and outside of jazz. And its verberations can still be felt in jazz. John Zorn has taken much from Coleman. Pat Methany has worked alongside Coleman.    With this debut, Coleman paved the way not just for avant-garde jazz, but for free jazz as well. Such a possibility must have been unforeseeable in 1959. The Shape of Jazz to Come established a path for those seeking a new take on jazz to follow. In this way, the album served as an exodus, the music contained within serving as aural guideposts to jazz's new land.    There is a story that details how Ornette Coleman performed a show in front of a crowd to whom he was a relative unknown. Halfway through Coleman's performance, the crowd, unable to process the new jazz they were listening to, chased Coleman off the stage, seized his plastic horn, and destroyed it. I imagine The Shape of Jazz to Come elicited the same dangerous reaction from others.    A necessary reaction.
031606792X|2.0|Though I enjoyed each book of the series less and less I had higher hopes for the 4th after reading The Host and really enjoying it.  So disapointing and so much of it did not make any sense or just seemed almost lazy.
0385339607|4.0|We all know that to make a good joke, you've got to exaggerate the right elements while ignoring what isn't funny. John Grisham creates a slapstick winner with a book about a bumbling young lawyer who isn't going to Wall Street . . . in fact, he has to declare bankruptcy before he passes the bar exam.<br /><br />But don't confuse this book with a humorous book about the law. This novel would have to be toned down by about 60 degrees before that would be possible. This is a comic book version of a funny story about \\"what if\\" a law student didn't have a job, any money, or any connections after three years of torts and briefs.<br /><br />Rudy Baylor is dragged by his professor to a meeting of senior citizens to give out free advice. He meets the meeting's hostess who wants to change her will to favor a television evangelist with her millions.  Rudy also meets the parents of a young man who will die from leukemia because the insurance company wouldn't pay for a bone marrow transplant.<br /><br />This all seems like a pleasant way to spend a few hours finishing a class until Rudy's promised job evaporates in a shotgun law firm merger. Now, he tries to trade off his leads into some cash and some work. The complications are unexpected, unrealistic, and slapstick funny. There's a sweetness to Rudy's character that you won't find in many real lawyers that makes the book work.<br /><br />I found myself wondering what pratfalls John Grisham would foist on poor Rudy next. That was a major part of the attraction of the story.<br /><br />If you hate lawyers and insurance companies, you'll find nothing to discourage either view in this jaundiced critique of the legal profession.<br /><br />But you'll have some smiles and chuckles along the way, neither of which would happen if there were any real lawyers around.
B000WTXAFQ|1.0|Let me say first off that this is a fantastic album, and I agree with all of the 4+ star reviews given by others on here.<br /><br />My 1 star refers to the quality of the MP3 rip sold here on Amazon (as well as the AAC files available on iTunes, as far as I understand).<br /><br />The last track from each disc (Across the Rainbow Bridge, and Another Time, Another Space) both have problems.<br /><br />Across the Rainbow Bridge has approximately 2 minutes of silence inserted at the end, followed by a glitchy sounding buzzing noise--this is annoying if you plan on listening to the whole album from start to finish (you need to skip forward half-way through to avoid the stretch of silence).<br /><br />At around 5:20 in Another Time, Another Space, where the voice from the sky says \\"Remember forever,\\" the track starts skipping, and you get well over 2 minutes of \\"rever rever rever rever rever\\" repeated over and over again until the track unceremoniously ends with more glitchy sounding buzzing noises and clicks.<br /><br />Those are the two huge problems that I noticed--there may be other problems with other tracks that I am unaware of. Again, this is a fantastic prog rock album, but the MP3 download is broken enough that it ruins the listening experience if you want the whole thing.
0132350882|5.0|When most people hear the term \\"bad writing\\" they understand the term: Confusing, inconsistent, rambling, big words used incorrectly.    In fact, we have lots and lots of educational programs designed to teach grammar, composition, journalism, and fiction.  Master's Degrees in the subject, even.    But for software development we seemed obsessed with \\"architecture\\" (whatever that means), process and patterns.    In this book, Bob Martin takes a specific stab at what good code looks like.  He provides rules, examples, and even sample transformations.    It is not an easy book.  If you are a new developer, you can invest a lot of time and energy into really absorbing the concepts and practicing them yourself.  If you are more senior, you may disagree, you may struggle, you may toss the book in a corner and yell at it ...    But then you'll pick it back up again.  And you will be a better developer for it.    One thing that I struggle with about the traditional CS cirricula is that so little attention is spent on maintenance, which is the vast majority of actual development time. This book presents an aesthetic and the skills to write maintainable code.  If you teach software development, you'll want to use this book in your courses.      Student, Journeyman, Master, or Instructor - A book like this belongs on your bookshelf. Follow the advice in it, or have an explanation why not - either way you'll be a strong developer.      Of course, there are other books in this area.  What struck me about this one is the quality of the writing; it is truly engaging and -- a little inspiring.  That quality is so rare in technical books that I give this one five stars.
B0000696I0|5.0|My son says the movie plays great and he watches it all the time! It plays without skipping and the cover was in great shape as well. I would order from this seller again!
0553266306|5.0|Fictional books about the hired assassin can be broken down into three basic tiers.  From bottom up, there are the bad ones, the good ones, and, alone at the top, there is THE DAY OF THE JACKAL.  Frederick Forsyth started his career off with a bang as sharp as any shot by the Jackal himself, an assassin paid half a million dollars to knock off Charles de Gaulle, President of France.<br /><br />In the Jackal, Forsyth creates quite possibly the leanest killing machine on the printed page.  Far from killing indiscriminately, the Jackal kills those he is paid to kill, and those poor saps whose deaths are necessary to achieve the final goal.  Nothing more and nothing less.  His grey eyes study the target as a scientist studies the dissected squirrel in the laboratory, approaching his job with pure, cool professionalism.<br /><br />French Intelligence, having picked up on the plot to hire the Jackal, puts a detective on the hunt.  The cat-and-mouse game that follows is exceptionally well sketched, with the Jackal keeping just a step (sometimes half a step) ahead of the police, all the while keeping his eye on the prize and planning methodically for the kill.<br /><br />False identities, false leads, inside men, they're all here.  The interrogations are so taut that one can almost smell the cigarette smoke filling the room.  And the climax?  Really good - one can almost feel the bullet whizzing by.  THE DAY OF THE JACKAL lifted the standards for the political thriller and it is a standard that has rarely been matched even to this day.<br /><br />Also worthwhile:  [[ASIN:1405073136 No Comebacks (Macmillan Reader)]], also by Forsyth
B000K15VSA|5.0|Finally, BR fans can watch ALL FIVE different versions of this movie.      I longed for seeing the \\"International\\" cut again, after having viewed it repeatedly on cable in the 80's.  This version has a few more violent scenes than the theatrical version.  It also has the narration by Harrison FOrd, which I personally liked b/c it gave the film a friendlier feel, made Deckard almost certainly \\"human\\", and has the so-called \\"happy ending\\".    The Final Cut is great technically b/c the audio & video are enhanced & updated with modern technology that makes it a pleasure to watch & hear.  However, this version makes fairly clear that Deckard was indeed a replicant, which is a notion I initially scoffed at & rejected.  However, when director Ridley Scott says, in the commentary track & elsewhere in the DVD set, that his intention was to have Deckard be a replicant, then that's the way it is.  If you can accept this fact, then you will LOVE the Final Cut version of BR.      If you still prefer Deckard be a human, then you can still enjoy the 1982 International Version.    The other discs are excellent, discussing the making of BR, the cult status it has achieved, etc.  Nothing but great background & interviews throughout this DVD set.    The 5th disc gives you a 5th version of BR which, although of poor visual quality, has some different scenes in it & different dialogue.    You also get a silver unicorn replica & police spinner car replica for buying the 5-disc set.
031606792X|3.0|I was captivated by Twilight,soaring with New Moon and mistified with Eclipse. As I read Breaking Dawn I felt as though I was sitting down at Thanksgiving Dinner excited and ready to feast. As I began my feast it was gratifying the story line was following suit and all the dreams and wishes were coming true, it was too good to be true. Somewhere half way through the book I became full...the story line took a nose dive I felt like Meyer was rushing through the plot,the characters were undeveloped and unresolved and the story line was a bit rummaged, it had a lot of holes, (maybe this is due to a rush in production to pump out yet another best seller for Meyer). I felt that Meyer could have done better! Just like a good Thanksgiving meal I had enough! The book in a whole was satisfing but at the end of the book it left me wanting a bit more...a little unsatisfied!.
0385333846|5.0|[[ASIN:0979660386 Made In Hero: The War for Soap]]    Vonnegut joked that he didn't know if people read his books after high school. With that in mind, trying to get re-acquainted with SLAUGHTERHOUSE FIVE can bring up a vague feeling of dread. Like a lot of people who love this book, I first read it when I was an unsuspecting teenager. I loved the prospect of a planet Tralfalmadore. The creatures who live there aren't bothered by things--not bombs, not hunger, not crowds, and least of all, history--although Billy Pilgrim is plagued by them all.     That's because unlike Pilgrim (a fumbling soldier and an Earthling), the Tralfalmadoreans don't believe in free will. They don't even believe in Time. They claim it's all in our minds. To help us understand this, they compare Time to bugs trapped in amber. At any given point, \\"here we are, ...trapped in the amber of this moment. There is no why.\\"     Upon getting sucked into the Tralfalmadoreans' flying saucer, Billy Pilgrim is compelled to relinquish his Earthling traits of free will and time stuckness. This is a mixed blessing mainly because he gets to relive the horrors of a prisoner of war train in Germany, and subsequently, the carpet bombing of Dresden. So it goes.     Beside the absurd and hilarious parts, there profound moments in this book. They tend to involve violence. In the German prison camp, a guard takes offense at a remark uttered by one of the American soldiers--and roughs him up. The prisoner is stunned, having intended no harm by what he said. Likely, though, it implied self-pity. Rising from the ground with two teeth missing, the boy asks, \\"Why me?\\" Shoving him back into the prisoner ranks, the guard replies, \\"Vy you? Vy anybody?\\"     Along with the raging humanity, Vonnegut offers self-mockery to spare. A bit turns up in the fictitious, embittered science fiction writer, Kilgore Trout. By happy coincidence, Trout lives in the same home town as Billy Pilgrim--one of his most avid fans. The problem isthat the literary hero is a hack. \\"His prose was frightful. Only his ideas were good.\\"    SLAUGHTERHOUSE FIVE is still best read with a dose of innocence, at least enough to appreciate a name like Montana Wildhack (the porn star). But it's good to know I can re-read Slaughterhouse Five and still manage to laugh. It's the Tralfalmadorean spell. Time passes, and doesn't. The glob of amber is real.
031606792X|3.0|When I received Breaking Dawn in the mail, I was torn between to emotions...excitement and fear. I was ecstatic that I could finally read the book, but afraid that the spoilers I accidentally read would be true (ALL of which ended up being 100% true, much to my disappointment). In the beginning of the book, I was pretty content with the direction the book seemed to be going--everything seemed to be perfect. Unfortunately, this view was quickly shattered as soon as I discovered that Bella was pregnant.     Teen pregnancy? That didn't seem like a great idea to be filling into the possible elementary children reading the book. Nevertheless, I kept reading because I believed that I could not automatically choose between the anti-Breaking-Dawn or pro-Breaking-Dawn sides. Besides, I had paid for the book with my own money and figured, why not get my money's worth and finish it before I chuck it out my window if I absolutely hate it?    As I continued to read, Stephenie surprised me once more with Edward asking Jacob to convince Bella to abort her baby in order to have another one...from Jacob. I found Edward's request somewhat disturbing, but I continued to press forward to finish the book.    Blah blah blah happened, imprint, Bella woke up, and blah blah blah continued. Bella ended up having an interesting \\"power\\" that seemed to suit her, but her daughter seemed so special it was kind of dull. Then the Volturi arrived.     At last! I thought, maybe I would get the action I craved since Sam didn't step up and provide it. Yet, I was disappointed to find that the Volturi just \\"talked\\" out the entire situation with Renesmee (Renesmee?!). Then the blah blah blah continued and the book ended.    After I finished the book, I was still confused on how to react. I guessed it was the shock of the twists Stephenie had placed in Breaking Dawn. So, I waited for a few days for either the hate or the love to wash over me; but, I felt nothing and I still harbor neither love nor hate towards the book.     The book was definitely not as bad as some reviewers on various sites were claiming, but it wasn't the best either. I believe everyone's feelings towards the book will be different, so those unsure should attempt to read it.     *I am still an Edward fan, though. ;]*
031606792X|1.0|SPOILERS ABOUND:  It seriously took me nearly a month to read this and I can't tell you the number of times I wanted to slam it shut and put it away for good.  But, like all great train wrecks, I wanted to see it through.  The main complaint I have is that it is waaay too long.  There is a very long, tedious, unnecessary section in the middle with Jacob battling against the pack and trying to stop them from attacking the Cullens; then onto the absurdity with the awkwardly-named demon spawn.  And then Bella's blood-drenched, burning transformation into...  I'm sorry, but pure, sweet, awkward Bella running around snarling and snapping and pulling down mountain lions?!!  It's simply too much!!  And what about Bella's trip to the seedy side of Seattle to obtain FAKE ID's for a half-vampire and a werewolf?  I would assume that the LAST THING you need when you are capable of changing into a wolf is ID!!  But the most bizarre nearly book-slamming plot twist to me was Jacob phasing RIGHT IN FRONT OF CHARLIE.  I can tell you if the annoying neighbor boy said: \\"Look what I can do!\\" and changed into a slathering, slobbering horse-sized WOLF right in front of me I would go instantly insane and maybe die of a heart attack.  Was it seriously necessary for EVERYONE to be happy, including Charlie?  Where is Bella's sacrifice?  There have to be some lasting consequences.  And what of the band of Undead X-Men facing off endlessly?  This book was in serious need of a MAJOR trim, starting with the character of Jacob.  Just disappointing, but I'm relieved I saw it through and that I'm DONE.
B000003T9B|5.0|Good stuff.  Great riffs on songs like \\"Rotten to the Core\\" and \\"Hammerhead\\".  Classic thrash and a great CD to revisit if you need a break from the death metal growl.  Not as strong overall as \\"Taking Over\\", but still belongs in any metal fans collection.
0525457585|5.0|If you've seen the movie, you've only gotten a taste of what this book has to offer.  The movie is only an abbreviated adaptation of the first half of the book, and the sequels are simply spin-offs of the first movie.  This book has so much more to offer!  It's a story about the importance of imagination and fantasy, self-discovery and identity, and the importance of discovering what is truly important in your heart.  At the very least the story in these pages is one of the greatest fantasy stories you will ever read... and if you truly open your heart to the story, you will walk away a better person after having read it.
B000O77SRC|5.0|I loved this movie when I first saw it in 1988, and I still love it today.  I watch it every Christmas - which may say something about me.  I don't already have to say to the legions of Die-Hard fans just how good this movie is, so I will comment on the DVD.<br /><br />This is the best DVD, and hint, hint, if you look at the special features, you will see there is a longer version of the movie!  Granted its only 5 minutes and because the footage was never used, it does not have the \\"finished\\" look of the rest of the film, but its a great few minutes none the less - especially if you like Alan Rickman.<br /><br />I am hoping for a 20th anniversary edition, but hey, I shall enjoy this one immensely for many Christmases to come!
B00007LTIA|5.0|This album was never meant to be something you'd hear on top 40 radio. It's a sprawling epic, richly layered, textured, and achingly gorgeous. I keep going back to this one, year after year. It's one of my favorite progressive rock albums of all time.
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|I've always been intrigued by the alien invasion type films, and the amount of hype for this movie definitely got to me.  I am not usually a fan of erratic camera movies, but this one was done pretty well, although before the movie was halfway over Hud really, really got annoying.  Not only did the fact he kept turning around to film things seem impossible, especially as shots were being fired or buildings were collapsing, but even his voice got to be irritating.  I mean, honestly, if you were being attacked by strange alien beings would you keep recording?  Previous reviewers have pointed out whether people would actually follow someone into the center of alien-like activity rather than in the other direction, which is a good point.  But although there are some impossible moments, Cloverfield still succeeds due to its uniqueness in the genre.
031606792X|5.0|To everyone who put a one or a two for the review, you need to shut up and get over yourselves!!!!!!! I'm not trying to spoil anything, but one of the main complaints is \\"It all worked out too well.\\" That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard. WHAT'S WRONG WITH A HAPPY ENDING?!?!?!?!?!?!?! It's okay that everyone liked their new lives and will be happy in the future. I loved this book and this series and I think it seems stupid to complain that things ended too well. Although I loved the book, I do sort of agree that the ending with the Volturi was a little anti-climactic. But, even having said that, I loved this book and I think it is the first time that a book actually made start to tear up.
0123694965|5.0|good things come to those who wait - and i have been waiting for this book for years. jesse schell has managed to compose not only a game design guide through an idealized design process, but also a handy catalogue of \\"lenses\\" that will help designers to inquire whether their game is enjoyable, or not, and how to improve the design. most importantly, 'the art of game design' provides intellectual as well as practical inspiration throughout - what more can you ask from a book in this field?
B0017I1FP8|5.0|I just can't get over the incredible way the entire soundtrack starts out.  The first two note motif of the Joker haunts you throughout the score.  It is dark, moody, majestic, and exciting.  Although there are spots when the score is at a low subtle level, just when you think \\"Is it going to move on?\\" it does.  It captures the esscence of the film without watching the film itself.  But it feels like the joker will just walk into the room at any moment.      Buy this soundtrack it rivals any soundtrack I have heard and I own about 30 or so...
B0012E6R3W|4.0|Brutal!  This album is amazing;  I'd have given it 5 stars but the corny 9/11 lyrics on \\"The Evil has Landed\\" warrant a reduction.  That aside, the album is flawless.  Glad the boys are back in town.
B000XNZ7LG|5.0|I'm not sure if I've submitted a review on this film but here goes.  After a series of disappointing films, director Roman Polanski came back with a vengeance with this personal tale of survival during the Holocaust. Winner of several Cesars and Oscars for Best Director & Best Actor (Adrian Brody), Polanski's dispassionate tone is just right for this film, never falling into sentimentality the way Spielberg did in &#34;Schindler's List&#34; (the only flaw in that Oscar winner) and Brody himself is consumatively excellent in the title role (he stated that he lost weight, his apartment & his girlfriend but kissed Halle Berry!!).  I am planning on acquiring the HD DVD version of this superb film which also touches on the irony of war.  The episode involving a Nazi officier (Thomas Kreutzman, who later reteam with Brody in &#34;King Kong&#34;) befriending Spilzman is touching.  Recommended for all lovers of great cinema!!  A further footnote, this film is especially timely now that we have to endure 4 years of Donald Trump as President!!
B0016B6ZKG|1.0|This CD was nothing but a disappointment. What a shame to hear such a wonderful voice used for such bad songs and arrangements. This is not worthy of her voice.
B0009P5YXO|5.0|If you're a Doctor Who fan, this is standard equipment. This little sonic screwdriver looks and sounds just like the one featured on the episodes. Makes for a fun drinking game.
006056251X|3.0|I was really looking forward to this book.  From the reviews I thought it was going to be the best in the series.  I really didn't like it very much at all.  It was so dark and bleary.  Most of the book took place in a gaming club.  Yuck.  I missed the light airy feel to the two previous books.  I thought Evie, after surviving her controlling and cruel family, deserved somthing a little more flowery and romantic.  I also really missed the interaction between the other wallflowers.  They really weren't present at all during this book.    St. Vincent was so unsatisfying as the hero.  There was no conflict between him and Evie except the fact that she wouldn't give into his demands for sex.  Then we had to listen to him whine and complain like a little brat.  This book just wasn't for me.
0452289963|5.0|For anyone on a spiritual journey this is \\"the\\" book. It gives us hope for humanity and a guide to get us there. Most highly recommended. I've given at least 40 copies as gifts. All gratefuly received.
0316143472|4.0|This book I found entertaining.  After reading a long clunker like The Story of Edgar Sawtelle...this was a breath of fresh air.  I liked it.
078693123X|3.0|This book's a poser to review.  First of all, the book's goals (and it's rare to find those in a work of fiction):  on page 323, R.A. Salvatore says he wanted to    \\"...go back and tell Drizzt's story and at the same time define the dark elves in the FORGOTTEN REALMS world.\\"    Mostly, he achieved that.  \\"Homeland\\" is a prequel to the Icewind Dale trilogy that starts out just a tad before Drizzt's birth.  It physically explains Drizzt's early existence and does a very good job giving a feel for the society of dark elves (drow).  Unfortunately, the explanation for Drizzt, himself, is entirely implausible.  For some reason, Drizzt is essentially born good from an evil race (there's no ambiguity or subtlety on this -- the drow are evil).  For his first 10 years, he's raised (alone, as far as I can see) by one of his evil sisters (the least evil one, admittedly).  He gets no education except in how to be a servile male.  His next five or six years, he spends similarly as a servile male to the whole evil clan (again, no education).  Following this, he spends five years learning to fight (and nothing else, apparently) from the family Weapons Master (his actual father -- who also appears to be good).  Then, he spends the next 10 years in the Academy learning to be a true drow warrior.  Yet, thoughout this, constantly exposed to and indoctrinated in his race's evil ways, he remains \\"good.\\"  Not only does he remain good, but he's constantly surprised when the drow around him do evil things.  It's just not plausible.  If he had been raised by a good society for several years, or if he had been exposed to some kind of philosopher, there might have been some basis for his goodness.  But, as it is, he shouldn't even have the vocabulary to come up with the concepts that are the core of his being.    But, I still have to go back to what this book is.  It's not literature for the sake of literature.  It's a story to give some background to a main figure and race in the world of Dungeons & Dragons.  Keeping that in mind, the writing is actually very good.  It's fairly fast paced and pretty engrossing.  There are still some pretty big logical inconsistencies, and the characters could certainly use more depth.  But, for what it is, it's pretty good.  If you're a D&D type of person, I highly recommend it.  If you're looking for literature, you'll probably be disappointed.  So, I rate the book at an OK three stars out of 5.
0143038583|5.0|I read this book a little while ago and didn't have time to review it, but the essential messages keep popping into my consciousness as I go about my day-to-day life. Before reading this book, for example, I had never realized that Corn has cunningly taken over the world and turned us all into \\"Corn People.\\" Pollan's simple plan - to make three meals - turns into an exploration of all things wrong with the modern industrial food production and delivery system. Pollan's prose is wonderful and his thinking nothing short of brilliant. Even if some of his ideas are not completely original, as some critical reviews argue, this is still a remarkable book that will enrich your life - and the world, if enough people read it.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was a perfect ending to a perfect series. To all the naysayers that say it was not realistic--none of it is. The book is a beautiful work of FICTION! I was sorry to see the end of Bella/Edward's story but it was a fitting end for them. It was a true love story.
B000002G87|5.0|I absolutely love this album.  It sounds as good today as it did over 30 years ago!  Clapton has always worn his heart on his sleeve in his songs and never does it better than this....his voice and guitar filled with angst and passion mixed up with Allman's guitar and vocals is the best.  Revisiting it gave me chills.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I believe this is review number 2692. That number in itself says a lot. \\"Firefly\\" had it all: an addictive blend of sci-fi and western, an amazing cast of characters, down-and-dirty action, off-beat dark humor. *And* a killer theme song. So watcha waiting for, folks? If that's your kinda poison, go get \\"Firefly\\". Next get [[ASIN:B000Q9IZ5C Serenity (Collector's Edition)]].
888370536X|4.0|I've been carrying this notebook around for the entire summer and can honestly say that it's useful as a sketchbook. I've jotted down some of the main themes of the tone poem  i just finished first in the moleskine.  What i wish is that the company would also make a music notebook in their larger format because while I can write down melodic fragments  writing out anything that requires 2 or 3 voices is incredibly difficult on such small pages. On the whole I think I will buy another once I've filled my current one as even with the drawbacks of the size it beats carrying around folded up pieces of staff paper which invariably get worn out in ones pocket.
B000IJ79UW|5.0|There are many great Superhero films but none can stand up to this film.  All other films are imitations.  Many believed this film could not be done but the Salkinds, Donner & Reeve prooved them wrong!  Out of all the Superman films this one remains the most loved.      Christopher Reeve does an outstanding job playing Clark Kent/Superman.  It is disgraceful he was not nominated for an Academy Award for his performance.  Gene Hackman too shines bright as do, Margot Kidder, Jackie Cooper, Marlon Brando, Marc McClure, etc.      The special effects still hold up and are still breath taking when seen.  No wonder they won an Academy Award for Visual Effects.  The best part of the DVD are the two versions of the film we are given.  Disc One features the Theatrical Version while Disc Two features the 2000 Extended Edition.  The same special features that were on the 2001 Disc are present as are some more.      All in all this film shines on the 4-Disc DVD set.  You will believe a man can fly!!!!!
B00005Q4CS|3.0|On of the most amazing films I've got in my collection and offers no subtitle options for any language at all, not even English?. How can this be?. Did they just forget that there are other people out in the world that do not speak English?. What a bummer. From having this DVD as one of my favorite options to share with my non English speaking friends, now I have it at somewhere in the middle of my DVD shelf. Out of the 100 points that I had given the film, just for the no subtitle options I take 30 away, so now is a 70 point movie for me. Such a shame.
B000IJ79V6|5.0|Superman II is considered to be the best Superman film by many.  I have always enjoyed it not only because of the story but for the action and adventure.  The producers/director knew that they would have to give the audience some even more spectacular than what had been seen in Superman: The Movie.  They succeeded!!!    Superman II is filled with fun, action, a nice love story and great specail effects.  This DVD release contains some unreleased documentaries which give us a unique behind the scenes look at Superman and the film Superman II.  Also, the film is presented in 5.1 Surround which adds better definition than the 2.0 Surround of the 2001 DVD release.      If you are a fan of Superman you will love this film!
B001AQO3WY|2.0|You have to give the creators of GENERATION KILL --Just LOVE that title-- credit. They did an amazing job making a great recrutement show. It is seriously needed now more than ever. It must be assumed the military gave it's full support in the making of this HBO production. Watching GENERATION KILL it should be clear to most viewers being in the Marines means being in a brotherhood, something so many young men are desperate for, and it sure looks like a lot of fun. That GENERATION KILL shows *some* bad stuff that can happen to our \\"boys\\" over there only serves to make it all the more exciting. This is where you can be somebody, be part of a group, and be a real man. All those people back home just don't get it and they never will. They have been through something more real, something deeper, something so much more meaningful than anything they could experience back home. If you murder innocent people, don't worry, you were \\"just doing your job\\".<br /><br />EDIT (01-04-09):<br />I forgot to add that the the soldier's sunglasses are cool on the GENERATION KILL cover.
B000H6SXMY|1.0|I never received the DVD as promised despite several attempts to contact this seller.  He promised the item by the end of the week twice and never delivered.  I even paid for expedited shipping and no item six weeks later.  I ended up asking for a refund.
B0015I2P0Y|3.0|I've held off on my review for such a long time, because, frankly, I just don't LIKE this album.  I feel as though I should like it, but the truth is in the listening, and after 4 listens, well, I can't make myself listen anymore.  I'm not willing to put in the effort it might take to make me finally catch on to what they're doing.    I don't find anything in the album offensive, but nor does anything particularly grab me.  I find the vocals, lyrics and instrumentation, not to mention the arrangements, honestly boring.    I like all kinds of music, really, with my currently most-listened to stuff as of late being John Mellencamp's new album (I love it) and older Goo Goo Dolls albums (love them, too), with some Audioslave and Rage Against the Machine thrown in for good measure.    But, bafflingly enough, I do not like Elbow.      I'm really sorry.
B0002O37RM|2.0|Ten relaxing and beautiful compositions from bassist Charlie Haden featuring pianist Gonzalo Rubalcaba.  Soft, slow and delicate, this disc makes a perfect choice for bedtime, but it's hard to imagine when else you'd want to play it.  Track three is an actual lullaby, but that seems hardly necessary - my eyelids were already drooping just sixty seconds into the first track, and nothing that follows is likely to disturb your slumber.  Truthfully, the only thing really wrong with this release is that it's being marketed as \\"jazz\\".  To me that means it ain't got a thing if it ain't got that swing and this music definitely does not.  What is does have is a quiet, soothing, contemplative quality featuring lots of woodwinds and the very gentlest piano playing, creating a sound that might be better marketed as `ambient'.  Fans of such might consider this a terrific recording, but listeners like myself who prefer driving rhythms and explosive solos most certainly won't.  The background music on the weather channel is far more invigorating.  Not to be played while driving or operating heavy machinery.
031286504X|2.0|I just finished reading I Am Legend and must say it was a disappointing read.  Although it is a very short novel, I had to put it down a couple of times and come back to it later because it did not grab and keep my attention.  I must say the treatment of loneliness and depression is quite well done but the rest of the plot and frankly the quality of writing is not what I expected.  At least three or so times I noticed repetition of phrasing that seemed more like flawed writing than something done on purpose.  Nagging questions come to mind while reading the book on the line of; why don't the vampires do this or why don't Neville do that?  The ending evokes a lot of unsatisfied questions of \\"why\\" itself.<br /><br />I decided to buy the novel after I heard the new movie was based on the book.  I researched the book superficially by searching on the open Internet for reviews and many of those mentioned how influential the story has been to some modern well know writers.  I guess I expected a better written story and a more gripping plot.  I suppose however the book just was not my taste and others might find it a wonderful read.
B000B5XOXY|4.0|Back in 1992 Tim Burton caught a lot of s*!t for Batman Returs for Penguin's dark comedy make out scenes between Michell Pfifer & Micheal Keaton PETA was on Burton's case too for rockets strapped to Penguin's even though they were f*****g paper mache & some of the Penguin's were creature effects by Stan Winston. In 93 they had a solid concrete idea for a 3rd movie but Tim Burton didn't want to do another Batman movie because of the bull s**t he caught for Returns. So Warner Brothers got Joel Schumacer to direct Batman Forever up to this point he had directed ST. Elmo's Fire Flatliners Falling Down & The Client. Changes didn't stand well for Keaton he didn't reprise his role as Bruce Wayne/Batman. Enter Val Kilmer. In 93-94 Robin Willams was considered for Riddler but Jim Carrey was cast instead but everyone was talking about Jim Carrey around this time. Billy Dee Willams was an afterthought enter Tommy Lee Jones. Schumacer wanted Robin/Dick Grayson in the movie so eventually Chris O'Donnell was chosen.
1401207510|1.0|...about this being an Absolute waste of money.  It is a pale shadow of the previous Absolute Editions, and even completists purchasing this to go along with the other two LXG volumes will find that it doesn't look right sitting on the shelf alongside the others, as they haven't bothered to include the additional volume of scripts this time around and in the company of volumes one and two it looks exactly as malnourished as it really is.  Unfortunately, you are wasting your money with this purchase.  Stick with the $20 hardcover unless you have more money than sense.
B001BWDG0W|3.0|Good song covers, but NO \\"CHIQUITITA\\"???? I would have expected that to be part of the movie soundtrack. It's probably the best song ABBA ever did, aside from \\"Fernando\\".
0385340567|1.0|Lee Child, if you should somehow read this review, let me request you read a MUCH better book by Laura Ingraham, \\"Shut up and Sing\\".   I humbly ask you to Shut up and WRITE!  Why do otherwise good writers insist on throwing their personal politics into what should be escapist adventure?  Is it worth the risk of losing future customers/readers?  I'm not sure if I'll read another of your books, but I am quite sure I will never pay full price for them again.  Bargain bin material for sure.
B0006GAO3G|5.0|Forget the old single disc version,this 2-DVD set from MGM is the one to get,great remastered picture,sound and lots of great extras,can't believe I found the 2-DVD version brand new and factory sealed (for $4.99,won't tell the name of the store) and more cheaper than than the bare-bones single DVD edition!!! A great 90's black comedy!!! This had a sequel called Be Cool which was also good but not as good as the classic original!!! Money well spent!!! Recommended!!! A+
B000SFJWLU|3.0|This album is a clear case of 3-4 good tracks, 2 of which are pretty much metal/hardcore masterpeices..and several so so songs.    The Devil's own and The Bleeding are my favorites. I thought I'd get tired of The Bleeding from the radio airplay and \\"quasi-ballad\\" feel, but the song just is too good. The Devil's own took me a couple of listens to really like, but it just hits like a brickhouse.    Other tracks are decent, but nothing really stands out as above average. Some of the tracks Such as Ashes and Death before dishonor, sound almost identical, even after repeated listening.    In all, I'd reccommend this album becuase it is some solid metal..but it's not a total hit.
B000002AGN|5.0|I'll keep this short and sweet!!! This album is an all time jazz classic!!! This is a great reissue,with awesome remastered sound!!! An essential addition to any serious music collection!!! Timeless!!! Recommended!!! A+
B000V86OKG|5.0|Originally, I had written a negative review of this Dexter Season 2 -- it seemed dull and tedious in comparison to Season 1.  However, I failed to watch the entire set for Season 2, and wanted to kick myself for such a lousy review of such an excellent series.  This, as it turns out, was even better than Season 1.  Never thought I'd feel empathy for Doaks, but in this Season I did, and Lila's character was just as engrossing as Glen Close's character in the series Damages.  Beyond evil, it seems.  Dexter has it all, and I can't wait until Season 3. Enjoy this \\"worth every penny\\" purchase -- give it a thorough chance.  Have fun!
B000002ADT|5.0|I'll keep this short and sweet,this is an all time jazz classic,hands down!!! This awesome reissue features incredible remastered sound,a treat to listen to!!! A must for any serious music collection!!! Recommended!!! Timeless!!! A+
B001DDBCUU|5.0|The movie was a wonderful extension of the HBO series.  It tied up all the loose ends left from the show.  Full of laughter and tears.  It was the best movie I've seen in a long time.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have been doing this video daily for the past 5 days.  I am relatively new to exercise (at least in the past couple of years), and while I am overweight, I am not obese.  I am not a weakling, but I don't have a gym membership, either.  This information is so you know where I'm coming from and also so you understand that I have only done the Level 1 workout.<br /><br />In short, Jillian bases her workout on a 3-2-1 principle: 3 minutes of strength, 2 minutes of cardio, 1 minute of abs.  There is a short warm-up, three 3-2-1 circuits, and a short stretch at the end, making the video a little more than 20 minutes.<br /><br />Jillian says that if you're going to work out in 20 minutes, you can't \\"phone it in.\\"  She isn't kidding!  I was really hurting after the first day of doing this.  I was seriously sore, especially in my quads.  I have done the workout every day since, and even though I still find the workout hard, I have a bit more endurance than I did the first day and am no longer sore.  My muscles already feel generally stronger, and I am not flaking out on any of the exercises.  I will probably keep with Level 1 for a couple of weeks more before moving up to Level 2, but I will decide that when I get there, I guess.  Level 1 is tough enough for me right now.<br /><br />Jillian starts out in the first circuit with what I think are the hardest cardio and strength moves, push-ups (ugh) and jumping jacks (I just hate them, I don't know why).  I appreciate this because she gets the stuff I hate most out of the way in the beginning.  Don't get me wrong; the rest is super hard but somehow mentally easier!<br /><br />I don't have many complaints; unlike what some others have said, the music doesn't bother me, since I am too busy sweating to worry about it!  The intro to Level 1 isn't that long, and I just skip past it since I've seen it once.  The only complaint I have is that the timing of the moves does not necessarily correspond to the music, and a lot of the time Jillian is talking or demonstrating with Natalie or Anita rather than giving audio cues.  This is tough when you are doing push-ups or abs and can't exactly look at the TV!  For me, though, I go at what seems to be a reasonable pace and try to sneak glances to make sure I am keeping up with them on the video.<br /><br />Generally, this is NOT for the faint of heart (literally and figuratively), and this video WILL work you HARD!  If you've seen Jillian on The Biggest Loser, then you know that she doesn't fool around, and I can guarantee you won't hear any of that cheery banter most workout videos offer.<br /><br />I will update as I go to add my insights on Level 2 and any results!ting with Natalie or Anita rather than giving audio cues.  This is tough when you are doing push-ups or abs and can't exactly look at the TV!  For me, though, I go at what seems to be a reasonable pace and try to sneak glances to make sure I am keeping up with them on the video.    Generally, this is NOT for the faint of heart (literally and figuratively), and this video WILL work you HARD!  If you've seen Jillian on The Biggest Loser, then you know that she doesn't fool around, and I can guarantee you won't hear any of that cheery banter most workout videos offer.    I will update as I go to add my insights on Level 2 and any results!
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I highly recommend this series.  It is a great story that is easy to follow.  It captures your imagination and your interest to a point that you can't put it down.  It's like watching an awesome movie and you can't rest until you know the end.  If you like fantasy and love stories, this series is for you.
031606792X|1.0|Can't decide where to begin saying what bothered me about this book. Was it Edward calling Jacob 'son,' or the fact that Bella got everything that she wanted without having to sacrifice anything on her part. It was one absurdity after another with this book, I was wondering how on earth SE's editor had let this be published without constructive criticism. At one point during reading the book, I got so frustrated that I put it down, read the spoilers and decided I won't finish reading it. Only to remember I paid money for this piece of work and that it won't be fair to write a review if I hadn't read it in full. Alas, finishing it didn't change my opinion and I am only so glad that it's now over, I can go back to living my life. Wasted a good 2 days of my life on this. I can never get it back.
B000PC0S5K|3.0|I love the meaning of this book.  I love the self help, self realization, self love, etc..that this book offers.  That being said, I find this book as well as all of Eckhart Tolle's other books to be difficult to enjoy reading.  For me, it seems to take him 4 pages or more to relay thoughts that could have been written in 2 paragraphs.  I have trouble finding an enjoyable flow to these books therefore I really don't find myself getting much usefull information.  I find watching him on television inspiring.  Reading him, boring.
B000YABYLA|3.0|This film was talk about town because it tackles the hot topic of teenage pregnancy. Juno is 16 year old girl, curious about sex, who after one time experiment with her schoolmate finds out she is pregnant.  Juno is pretty, smart and has sarcastic sense of humor.  Her mother and father are divorced and remarried to other people.  While Juno lives with her father (somewhere in Midwest), her Mom has started her new family in Arizona and it is obvious that their relationship is distant and strained.  Juno's family is a typical lower class family.  Her father repairs heating and air conditioning, her stepmom is working as a nail technician while juggling her new family.  But they are all detached from the fact that Juno is approaching age when talking about sex and educating her about it long past due.  It is cute to see how her parents take her pregnancy in stride, but to me it is not believable that they would be so galant about it.  The wisecracking of young Juno makes her somewhat less appealing becuase she can be crass.  One almost does not want a girl like that to be a mother at all.  Sarcasm like that is underlining major unhappiness and babies sure can benefit from happy moms.  Besides, I do not believe that small town America talks the way most people talk and behave in this movie.  While the script adds on the entertainment value it just isn't real.  For some reason, I found soundtrack on thsi movie annoying.  I know that many people have found it cute becuase it is so off beat, but I like music that sounds pleasing, not baby talk bluring sounds with a cute background noise.  Let's hope young girls learn something from this film (I am not trying to be a prude when I say this)- in that respect I think that film adds value to a new generation of young women whose parents are in denial about their sexual coming of age.
031606792X|4.0|This was not an ending I anticipated. Don't worry- no spoilers from me- but it definitely threw me for a loop. Of all the possible scenarios I considered for this book, how it turned out was not among them. I did, however, love the book. I truly appreciated the fairytale ending that Meyers created and it ended perfectly for her to continue (crossing my fingers) with other view points while ending the Saga with a happy heart. I understand - to an extent - how people could be upset by certain aspects, but to warrant a single star? Certainly not!     It's not my favorite of the series (Eclipse holds that place in my heart) but all the same, it's still a wonderful ending to an even more fantastic and wonderful story.
0465092764|1.0|First, some reviews say this is not a book for laymen.  They're reading it wrong.  I don't get the impression that even those with degrees in physics will be familiar with everything term this book, ... and much of it isn't explained.    It isn't \\"not explained\\" because he expects you to already know, .. it's not explained because it doesn't matter.    \\"In 1937 someone-or-ruther discovered the xyz theory and it was very important.\\" Doesn't mean you should be able to derive a proof for xyz theory.  You don't even really have to understand what exactly it says, .. and you won't unless you read another book.  I'm not physicist.  I just read over the names and keep going.    but when it comes down to it,.... a hundred of pages of dates and theory names are BORING.    To me.  I don't care about history.  Maybe someone else wants to read about what particle accelerators cost how much money.    Next, ... from the reviews I read here on amazon I expected to be getting a book that would tell me a *little* bit about the history of string theory, give me some idea of where it was lacking, and maybe some kind of picture of where physics is going.    I feel like, so far, this is not what I got.  Maybe I should have read \\"the trouble with Physics\\" ?    I'm at page 140.  I might give up.  I just finally now hit the first chapter that relates at all to string theory.  It is also a history chapter.  Maybe I should have started at page 140?    I didn't want to read a pure history book.    Finally:    Early on he describes his decision to study mathematics.  He says that if he were to keep studying physics, he would have to work on string theory to get funding, and he didn't want to.  I thought that was an interesting predicament for him to be in, and it starts to hint at some kind of a political situation in academia.  That little story was about all I got so far that interested me.    He goes on to describe how math is important to physics, and, undervalued.    Since then, there'sbeen some reference to how undervalued math (his field) is in physics (the field he's complaining about) in every chapter since.  Maybe more than once a chapter.  Maybe once a paragraph.  Maybe once a sentence.  ok, maybe I'm exaggerating.    I'm bored of it.  I really don't care.  I just want to hear what the argument is about string theory.  I don't even know anything about string theory,... I was curious, and so far I still don't have any idea what it is.  I know it involves lots of dimensions and some kind of strings.  I knew that much before I started reading!    It makes me feel pretty frustrated that I had this book mailed all the way to china, and carried it around for half a year thinking it was going to interest me when I finally got some free time to read it.    I'm going back and reading the reviews again.  It looks like those who did read both books say the other one is better.  I was going to give this book two stars... but since another book exists saying the exact same thing but better, It's only getting one.    It might be a good book for someone.  It just wasn't what I was looking for, and I feel like the existing reviews are sort of mis-leading in terms of what this book is about.  If you want to read a history of math/physics then fine, go for it... or... well, ... maybe still you should read \\"the trouble with physics\\" instead?
0385340990|5.0|My wife read this first and told me to read it. I didn't hesitate because I thought it looked interesting but I had no idea how much I would love this book! Clever, witty, heartbreaking and tragic, yet hopeful and just a great book!  It's free from the smut that often bogs down contemporary literature and tells a powerful and memorable story. I'd give it more stars if that were possible.<br /><br />I'm a little surprised that this book isn't included in Amazon's \\"Best of Fiction so far\\" for 2008. What's up with that, Amazon? I don't doubt your other choices, since I haven't read them, but it's been a LONG time since I've been compelled to stay up until 1:30 a.m. to finish a book.
031606792X|1.0|Stephenie Meyer has captivated millions of fans with her first 3 books in the series but seems to have dropped the ball in Breaking Dawn.  The story is inconsistent with the rest of the series.  All of the characters are written out of character in one way or another.  There are numerous unexplained plot holes and numerous characters whose stories are left unresolved.  It doesn't even have the feel of romance the other 3 had.  It reads more like a science fiction novel at best.
B00005JPS8|4.0|As a kid, I bought a few Iron Man comics (which my Dad would dismiss as junk and throw in the trash...but I digress).  Action a'plenty and I even liked the romantic tease between Paltrow and Downey.  The Burger King tie-in just cracked me up (What? No McDonalds?).  Were liberties taken with the story?  Absoulutely!  Still an enjoyable film.  Four stars!<br /><br />P.S., My favorite Marvel character - Mighty Thor! (I'm waiting...)
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|Gosh, do you remember all the hype leading up to the release of this film?  Some said it was another Godzilla movie.  Other say it would involve a cthulhu.  Regardless, everyone wanted to see this movie, including me.<br /><br />Now, I do have to warn that the camera movements are extremely jerky.  If you liked *The Blair Witch Project* or even *Bourne Ultimatum*, then you'll enjoy the cinematic style here.  If you didn't, then stay away from this movie.<br /><br />Friends are throwing Rob Hawkins a farewell party, including his brother, Jason, because he has accepted a prestigious position in Japan.  Among those attending is Rob's ex-girlfriend, Beth.  The appearance has put a damper in Rob's mood.  Feeling the tension, Beth leaves the party.<br /><br />Oh, by the way, I left out the most important detail.  One of Rob's friend, Hud, has been handed the videocamera to record this party (and of course, throughout the movie).<br /><br />After some time pass in the night, the unexpected happens.  New York City is under attack.  The first thing that people see is the head of Lady Liberty tumbling through the streets of Manhattan.  Then, everyone is scrambling towards safety.<br /><br />While everyone is running away, a small group of friends, including Hud, Rob and Jason are going towards the chaos.  The reason is that Rob needs to rescue Beth, who is injured and trapped in her apartment.  Throughout the mission, we see, through the videocamera, glimpses of the monster and its man-eating spawns.<br /><br />I thought that *Cloverfield* was very clever to show this type of chaotic occurrence through a videocamera.  By doing this, we do not know where the monster comes from nor do we know why it is attacking.  We only get tidbits from the people's encounters with the military, trying to protect humanity.  That alone can be frustrating but that was the whole point.<br /><br />Now, I'm in the mood to see it again!
061891868X|5.0|Lee Smolin presents his case not for why string theory should be dropped, but why other theories should be pursued more vigorously. Rather than demonizing string theory, Smolin looks at the theory's successes and failures and then moves beyond that to discussing the sociology of science in general, and this is his main issue. Smolin says the system is set up to keep alternative theories out, while the fashionable theories get all the attention, and that this system is perhaps the reason why theoretical physics has been stuck for so long. Great book.
B00005JPSM|1.0|Like my title says, NOT a romantic comedy. It is boring. Very boring. It is an interesting story but falls far short of even the most basic expectations. This is a drama at best with maybe a couple of light moments. There is nothing in this movie that is funny and not even anything that will make you smile.
B000WGWQG8|4.0|A very enjoyable and well acted mini series- a good companion to the book on which it is based. Yet I found that watching the film was like \\"skimming the surface\\" of this colorful life that David McCullough brought out so powerfully in his biography.  This is a case of a story so well done in print as to bring out the amazing character of someone like Adams at such a pivotal time in our history, that the film -inspite of the memorable potrayals- comes off more two dimentional than the book.  In the end though- I felt as if I were having a chance to revisit an old friend. Anyone who is not touched emotionally by the scenes at the end of this film (American or not) should perhaps check their sense of wonder.
B0012V4WSW|4.0|This is going to be a hard review to write.  You see, \\"Evangelion 1.0: You are (Not) Alone\\", the first in a four part \\"Rebuild of Evangelion\\" series of films, is an almost exact duplication of the first several episodes of one of the greatest science fiction series of all time.  So, having seen the original [[ASIN:B000767QTA Neon Genesis Evangelion]] several times do I rate this remake as a standalone for people who aren't familiar with the show or for the hardcore Eva faithful who are going to watch this anyway?  I'll try my best to do both.  Since I already reviewed the series I won't get into why I love it as much as I do (see the NGE link above, mine's the one with the goofy video on it), but I'll tell you what did and didn't work for me this time around.<br /><br />For the Eva curious, here's a quick synopsis.  \\"Evangelion\\" focuses on a sort of special forces organization known as NERV, who specialize in making giant robots (Evangelions) who are able to battle strange gigantic beings known as Angels.  These Angels attack the city of Tokyo 3 and conventional weapons are completely ineffective against them.  Thus, the Japanese government is forced to rely on NERV to prevent the Angels from destroying mankind.  Shinji Ikari and Rei Ayanami are two of the only children who are able to pilot the Evas and the story picks up on Shinji's first day on the job where he is forced to sub for an injured Rei and is rushed straight into battle where his Eva promptly falls on it's face and gets pummeled.  His strained relationship with his father (the director of NERV), tendency to wallow in self pity, and inability to connect with his coworkers make for an uncomfortable work environment.  Colonel Misato Katsuragi attempts to take Shinji under her wing and into her house while Rei rejects meaningful contact with him altogether.  The story about self-worth, interpersonal relationships, and the things that drive us to be who we are will play out in the minds of the protagonists, in the halls of NERV headquarters, and on the battlefield facing impossible odds as mankind's last hope.  This is just the beginning of one of the deepest and most epic science fiction stories ever told.<br /><br />The differences between this film and the early episodes of the television series are annoyingly few. I realize that a similar thing was done with the first two volumes of [[ASIN:B000H5V8O0 Hellsing Ultimate]], but there were still enough differences in art, animation, flair, and story to warrant the remake.  This borders on tricking Eva fans into buying the same thing twice. The first hour or so appears to be literal reanimation of the storyboards from the original work, dialogue and all.  The character models are all identical to the show, the score is largely unchanged, even the first two battles play out almost exactly the same as before.  Of the things that were cut, the most annoying was the explanation of Tokyo 3's government: the Magi.  The concept of government by multiple artificial intelligences is a very interesting idea, but one only mentioned in passing in this first film.  Newcomers won't even have a clue what they are talking about.  There is also a shortage of quality character development.  There are just too many characters to introduce and not enough time to sort them out here. Eva simply seems to translate better to a continuous series than to the film medium.  A first movie -even those that are part of a larger story- should be largely self-contained and open to all comers.  This format makes Eva come off as a victim of lazy storytelling and bad pacing.  Maybe once all of the films are released the new big picture will make up for it, but I don't really see this movie converting many new fans.  For now, I'm not impressed with \\"Rebuild of Evangelion\\" as a new Eva brand.<br /><br />If you do pick this up, there are some good points. There is some great-looking CG spliced into the film, usually mechanical stuff, weapons, and computer systems, but it looks very cool.  This iteration is also making a conscious effort to foreshadow, which raises my curiosity of what's to come.  The third Angel encounter is a beauty; easily the highlight of the film.  Ramiel (the 5th Angel) is the third battle and the most impressive.  Appearing again as a massive floating octahedron crystal, this time around it morphs into a number of visually dazzling forms and puts out some insane destruction.  The visuals are top-notch and the scenes manage an intensity not even found in the series at this point in spite of the fact that I already knew exactly how it ended.  If only they had put this amount of creativity and work into the preceding hour.  The movie ends on an intriguing and unexpected note that will be meaningless to those new to the series, but may well rock Eva fans.<br /><br />I was tempted to rate this lower because of the fact that hardly anything important has changed in this retelling of the Neon Genesis Evangelion tale.  But the fact of the matter is I can hardly fault something too much for being too close to one the greatest anime properties ever.  After all, this is better than yet another [[ASIN:B000VLL0O8 unnecessary boxed-set release]] and there is the promise of a new ending to the saga, which few fans will be able to resist.  So we're stuck with re-re-re-re-rewatching Evangelion, this time in a movie format with a little bit of extra here and there for the time being.  It had better be worth it.ks very cool.  This iteration is also making a conscious effort to foreshadow, which raises my curiosity of what's to come.  The third Angel encounter is a beauty; easily the highlight of the film.  Ramiel (the 5th Angel) is the third battle and the most impressive.  Appearing again as a massive floating octahedron crystal, this time around it morphs into a number of visually dazzling forms and puts out some insane destruction.  The visuals are top-notch and the scenes manage an intensity not even found in the series at this point in spite of the fact that I already knew exactly how it ended.  If only they had put this amount of creativity and work into the preceding hour.  The movie ends on an intriguing and unexpected note that will be meaningless to those new to the series, but may well rock Eva fans.      I was tempted to rate this lower because of the fact that hardly anything important has changed in this retelling of the Neon Genesis Evangelion tale.  But the fact of the matter is I can hardly fault something too much for being too close to one the greatest anime properties ever.  After all, this is better than yet another [[ASIN:B000VLL0O8 unnecessary boxed-set release]] and there is the promise of a new ending to the saga, which few fans will be able to resist.  So we're stuck with re-re-re-re-rewatching Evangelion, this time in a movie format with a little bit of extra here and there for the time being.  It had better be worth it.
015206396X|4.0|In this quasi-medieval fantasy, teenaged Katsa lives under the tyranny of her uncle Randa, king of Middluns (yes, the kingdom in the middle). Katsa is Graced, which is this storyworld's twist on superheroes. Unfortunately, her Grace appears to be killing, and Randa has exploited her abilities for years. By the time we meet Katsa, she's practically a sociopath, or at least, she behaves like one--utterly pragmatic, incapable of empathy. Or is she? Meeting Po (yes, that's his name), a Graced prince of the kingdom near the sea, challenges what she believes about her fate, her Grace, and the world around her.<br /><br />Whether between heroes and villains or, more memorably, between the two heroes themselves, this novel never runs out of conflict. The Graces are intriguing, and the climax and conclusion aren't entirely predictable. Katsa and Po are the strength of this book--complex characters that grow into a realistically paced romance. All in all, there's potential here for a really great young adult fantasy.<br /><br />Since I was enjoying the story, on the whole, I tried not to see the slips into feminist agenda fiction, but I couldn't miss them after awhile. Sure, strong females are all the rage nowadays, but Katsa is almost literally invincible (as we discover further into the book), to the point that everyone around her starts to look annoyingly feeble after awhile. Also, if anyone wrote a (especially young adult) novel about a young man abusing a young woman the way Katsa abuses Po, readers would probably be up in arms. The role reversal, however, tries to make this an understandable character quality in Katsa (though she does grow past it somewhat in the course of the story). I'm really not sure what I think about this and what it says about the current reading culture. Then there's Katsa's unexplained yet vehement hatred for marriage (not sex, though, sex is fine). As it's written, this entire theme feels like the author's soapbox.<br /><br />The prose itself could use some maturing. Melodrama abounds (needless repetition of character names in dialogue; tacking \\"and\\" onto the beginning of sentences for no good reason; redundancy of phrases within paragraphs; spelling out concepts that would be more powerful unsaid). The villain's Utterly Evil Sadism falls into melodramatic territory as well, and don't get me started on naming a serious character Bitterblue.<br /><br />But here's the thing ... despite its style and substance flaws, GRACELING is a fun read. At the outset, I am curious to discover what happens next, especially to Po, given where his character is at the end. The unexpected crisis works well and leaves him with so much room for growth. I even want to hope that, in the sequel, Katsa will grow into a young woman who learns to empathize with others and continues to develop meaningful, non-exploiting relationships. If so, this could be a memorable series.could use some maturing. Melodrama abounds (needless repetition of character names in dialogue; tacking \\"and\\" onto the beginning of sentences for no good reason; redundancy of phrases within paragraphs; spelling out concepts that would be more powerful unsaid). The villain's Utterly Evil Sadism falls into melodramatic territory as well, and don't get me started on naming a serious character Bitterblue.<br /><br />But here's the thing ... despite its style and substance flaws, GRACELING is a fun read. At the outset, I am curious to discover what happens next, especially to Po, given where his character is at the end. The unexpected crisis works well and leaves him with so much room for growth. I even want to hope that, in the sequel, Katsa will grow into a young woman who learns to empathize with others and continues to develop meaningful, non-exploiting relationships. If so, this could be a memorable series.
0521677432|1.0|This book has good tips that helps learn new vocabulary but is a little boring for my taste.
0679746323|3.0|I must admit, that this is my first biography of Mao, actually my first book on Chinese history; while I have been to China at least 25 times.    Not being a professor of history, I cannot judge the truth of the book, but it certainly seems EXTREMELY well researched. There is no doubt, that the authors despise Mao, they make no apologies about it.    After a bit of a slow start (reading the \\"first few dozen pages\\" is not enough!), the book does get very interesting and very scary.  I read biographies of Stalin and of course (being a German) of Hitler. If only 20% of this book is true, both Hitler and Stalin were \\"harmless\\" compared to Mao.  One difference between Mao and Hitler / Stalin seems Mao's total lack of purpose, other than his personal power.    The authors do not mention even one good thing about Mao. It is inconceivable to me, that Mao was ONLY bad.....even Hitler built the famous German autobahns. This is the main point against this book.    After having read biographies of Hitler, Stalin and Mao, it is scary, how easy ruthless people can deceive their fellow country men.   ( While I am certainly NOT putting Mr. George W. Bush ANYWHREE close to these villains, it is telling, how easily he could get things like Guantanamo Bay and the Patriot's Act passed.......)
B000000W5L|5.0|You have to have this album if you want to really appreciate the importance of The Rolling Stones impact on Rock & Roll. This is one of the best recorded works of a band ever.
B000FDFVZ6|1.0|This story was all over the place. It started out with a bang and it was all down hill from there. It was not a mystery. It was not a love story. It had NO POINT! I am sorry I purchased the book and I would not recomend it to anyone!!!
B000QGEB12|3.0|I've heard a number of glowing reviews of this movie. I'm in a martial arts movie phase right now. In my opinion, this movie is just \\"not good.\\" It had a few rather funny moments (few being the operative word). Other than that it was pretty much just an unredeemed bloodbath and not especially funny.<br /><br />I really didn't care much for this one, sadly. I'll stick with some of the better actual martial arts movies and keep an eye open for a GOOD martial arts spoof (I think it finally found them in [[ASIN:B000286RNY Shaolin Soccer]] and [[ASIN:B000O76T72 Kung Pow - Enter The Fist]]). [[ASIN:B000BNXD6Y The White Dragon]], [[ASIN:B000244GOA Kung Phooey!]] and [[ASIN:B000NA2TS8 Where Is Mama's Boy]] just didn't do it for me either.<br /><br />Again, Kung Fu Hustle was pretty much an abominable, bloody mess of a movie (both literally and figuratively), in my opinion (having recently watched MUCH better fare like Hero, Fearless, Curse of the Golden Flower, Legend of the Black Scorpion, [[ASIN:B0016MJ6JC Tai Chi Master]], The Warrior, [[ASIN:B0013FZUQK The Forbidden Kingdom]], [[ASIN:B000UNYK3U The Myth]], etc).
0385340567|4.0|If the negative conclusions Reacher has made about Iraq are likely to steam you, skip the book. Otherwise, still a pretty good read. I have confidence in Lee Child.<br /><br />As reviewer Brian Baker say, Reacher stories have been small stories. They have also not been so fantastical. The townspeople are cartoons. That being said, Reacher is still Reacher. I read avidly, the action was sufficient, and the essential small observations (why do hardware stores always put items out on the sidewalk? coffee mug shapes, etc.) are as tasty as ever.<br /><br />Recommended, with the caveat.
031606792X|1.0|Yes. I did it. I read the last book in the Twilight series. \\"But why\\", you ask? I did, after all, trash the beginning of the series. Out of grim determination, I read the first set. So, it only seemed right to be able to review the series after reading them. All of them.    It's like people who try to talk politics to you when they didn't even vote. Get it?    So, let me begin by saying I am thrilled that a book (however bad) has encouraged a generation of people to read, much like J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series. However, Stephenie Myers doesn't even touch Rowling as far as literary prowess goes.    Spoilers begin here:    The book began on a low note-the joining of two people in the lovely American institution of marriage. Because that's what every girl should wish for, right? Your life really only begins when married, right? White dress, flowers, the whole bit? *Sigh* Pinch me!    It gets worse-Bella gets knocked up! She has a baby, Renesmee (Her mom Renee + Edward's mom Esme) The kid's middle name is Carlie (Her dad Charlie + Edward's dad Carlisle). I'm trying to stop my eyes from rolling back in my head as I type this.    As much as she seems to be paying homage to her parents in that act, her mother is portrayed as a nervous, over excitable fool and her father is as useless as can be. In fact, Charlie is such a man that when told of Bella's new condition (yeah she finally becomes a vamp) and her child, Renesmee (who ages quickly and will be an adult by age seven), Charlie puts his hands over his ears and starts mumbling to himself about only a \\"need to know\\" basis. He then deals by watching the rest of a football game. Wow. Well, I guess that makes it easy for Myers to work him in without really thinking about how he'll deal with the situation. Did I mention that they never really explain what to tell mom?    In the end, Bella gets everything she wanted-Marriage, baby, and immortality. Thanks to Renesmee's hybrid genes and accelerated growth, Bella doesn'thave to learn \\"maternal\\" things..no staying up all night with the baby or changing diapers here! Even better, she doesn't have to deal with the bloodlust and unpredictability associated with \\"newborns\\" that was a common factor in Edward's arguments against immortality in the first books.  She seems to adjust and control herself just fine, no real explanation other than \\"Wow, I guess our stories about how awful it was really prepared her\\" and \\"I guess she was just cut out to become a vamp\\".    OW. I just tripped and faceplanted in a PLOT HOLE.    Oh, and she got accepted to Dartmouth but we don't hear about that the second half of the book. After all, what's more important than having a baby first? I guess she does have eternity now...but most young mothers don't. I know, I know, it's a fantasy. But the message that happiness lies with marriage and children is wrong. So is that fact that Bella doesn't give a damn about going to school. Good thing she has an endless supply of money, so typical of 18 year old moms.    I was impressed that Steph seemed to finally pull it together (took her 3 test books) to be able to write at least on a mediocre level. The characters are much more fleshed out, have real emotions, and the reader can (usually) empathize with them. In fact, the Edward Bella Jacob love triangle is finally broken and Bella quits cruelly stringing Jacob along for the ride. Unfortunately, he \\"imprints\\" on infant Renesmee--and is content. If only life was so easy that it could be tied into neat little packages like that. Bella also seems to \\"cowboy up\\" and isn't so annoying--she actually wants to learn to fight for the oncoming war and it is Edward who won't teach her because he just loooovess her sooo much and couldn't possibly dream of teaching her techniques that may save her life!    Unfortunately, the same does not apply to plot.  Apparently making creepy baby vamps like 8-year-old Kirsten Dunst is against vampire law. Thus, the law comes out in full forceto eradicate the rumored threat. Renesmee is trotted out and witnesses give testimony, proving that she is not stuck in a childish phase forever; she is only part vampire. Again, it was anticlimactic as war was averted (fairly easily) and everyone went home happy.    Even the last chapter is called \\"Happily Ever After\\". Seriously.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|Eccentric and familiar at the same time; the self titled full length from Seattle's Fleet Foxes is nothing short of spellbinding. Borrowing heavily from olden-folk and country-rock, the album packs a futuristic vintage punch, although it's much more like a subtle kiss on the cheek. Peckhold's voice is always in reverberating reverence to the past, and the band's playing constitutes the very same greatness. The music is full of a mystically optimistic spirit; graceful and invigorating, all finespun into a genius work of art unlike anything else. Easily one of the most original and beautiful albums to come along on a long time.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|This is a great cd. Pure and simple. A-Ha has matured into wonderful writers, composers and musicians. My favorite tracks: \\"Minor Earth Major Sky\\", \\"Little Black Heart\\", \\"Velvet\\", \\"Summer Moved On\\", \\"The Company Man\\" and \\"I Wont Forget Her\\". Morten's voice is absolutely beautiful in \\"Summer...\\". The album is one of those that you can put on during a long drive and listen to completely. A must addition to any music collection! (As a citizen of the U.S., I just wish that they would tour here. I would love to experience the music live.)
0316143472|5.0|yeah dubbleplusgood! what a fun read, crazy, zany, and neomisanthropic. cannot say i know what this last word means but---anyway, i have read naked and found it good and this last one is superduper. hut ab! which means in german: hats off to you DS!
B000000ZGO|4.0|THE GREAT ONES PASS ON, WHERE ARE THE KEEPERS OF THE FLAMES? THE ORIGINATORS ARE BEING REPLACED WITH THE???????????      P.S.  YOUNGSTERS THE MASTER LEFT MANY MANY LESSONS BEHIND!
B000BCKFWK|4.0|WARNING: This film contains graphic stylized violence including torture, as well as sexuality/nudity, coarse language, and disturbing themes.    Only a sick and twisted mind could conceive of the warped stories that are found in the graphic novel series Sin City. Frank Miller is just such a mind. His morbid fascinations with corrupt authority figures, hypocritical religions, sleazy yet strong-willed women, and violent anti-heroes are thrust into the spotlight in his work. With his comic books and graphic novels, we are given a disturbing glimpse into his worldview. His characters are tainted with cynicism, darkened by madness, haunted by guilt, plagued by lust, and drenched in blood. Naturally his stories have been a commercial success despite their controversial subject matter, so it's no surprise that Hollywood producers, directors, and writers have sought to adapt them into films. This is something Frank Miller has always been reluctant to allow... up until now that is. Filmmakers and friends, Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino unite their perverse adolescent minds and together they bring Frank Miller's Sin City to vivid life in a stark and oppressing film, which will leave its viewers desiring a thorough shower in order to wash away the residue of the film's immoral characters.    Basin City, better known to its inhabitants as Sin City, is a shady underworld of crime and corruption. It's a place where crooked cops patrol the streets, where serial killers and sex offenders go free, where the church buries its own sins, and the noblest men are psychotic vigilantes. In this dog-eat-dog environment, only the strong survive and the pressures and strain of survival fracture the human psyche. No one is innocent, no one is pure and even Sin City's most charismatic denizens are scum. In this world diversion takes the form of strip bars and brothels, evil hides behind the mask of propriety, and revenge and redemption are the same.  The film is divided into three stories. They are:  1. Detective Hartigan has been tracking down a powerful senator's son, who kidnaps, rapes, and murders young girls. Hartigan is betrayed by another cop, his partner in fact, who is under the pay of the senator. Hartigan takes the fall for the senator's son only to protect one of the intended victims. Years later he is let out of jail and tries to save that same girl from the senator's wrath, but she has become a stripper and fallen in love with Hartigan, the man who once saved her. Soon Hartigan realizes that he was part of a plan to bring her out into the open where the senator's son can carry out his wicked desires.  2. Dwight is an enigmatic criminal with a soft spot for damsels in distress. When his new girlfriend is beaten up by her abusive ex, Dwight plans to teach him a lesson. Dwight chases him into the red light district where a band of vigilante prostitutes kills him, only to discover that he was a cop with a destructive ego. Now Dwight and the prostitutes must fend off corrupt officials and the mob in order to keep their territory to themselves.  3. Meanwhile Marv, a deformed schizophrenic brute, seeks bloody retribution after the woman he slept with is killed and he's framed for the murder. In his attempt to solve the mystery of her death and avenge her, he discovers a plot that leads to one of the city's most powerful families, corruption within the government, police force, and the church. He pulls off his brutal revenge but he ultimately pays the price in the end.  These three tales interlock like pieces to a sinister puzzle, each piece bringing the audience closer to the story's completion, showing us the seedy underbelly of Basin City from multiple perspectives.    Much like Pulp Fiction in its fragmented narrative, Sin City unfolds out of chronological order, which is perhaps the film's greatest flaw. However the film is boosted by the dramatic visual style of Miller, Rodriguez, and Tarantino who imbue it with the atmosphere of a 1940s noir film and the savage violence of 1970s action cinema. Most of the movie was shot against a green screen and then CGI (Computer Generated Imagery) artists created the surrounding environments. This made it possible for the filmmakers to replicate Frank Miller's graphic style; the high contrast black and white metropolis, the inverted shadows cast upon brick walls, the saturated red of blood splatters, and the golden yellow of a vixen's hair.  The morally ambivalent characters are brought to life by a talented ensemble cast including Jessica Alba, Devon Aoki, Alexis Bledel, Rosario Dawson, Benicio del Toro, Michael Clarke Duncan, Carla Gugino, Josh Hartnett, Rutger Hauer, Jaime King, Michael Madsen, Brittany Murphy, Clive Owen, Mickey Rourke, Marley Shelton, Nick Stahl, Bruce Willis, and Elijah Wood.  The film won't appeal to everyone. It's gratuitous depictions of violence and sex are proof of that. However, if taken with a grain of salt, Sin City is an entertainingly over-the-top exploitation masterpiece that faithfully recreates Frank Miller's imaginative graphic novels.    Also recommended:  [[ASIN:1593963149 Frank Miller's Complete Sin City Library]]  [[ASIN:B000244F2S Film Noir Classic Collection, Vol. 1]]  [[ASIN:B0015XHQTE Dirty Harry Ultimate Collector's Edition]]  [[ASIN:B000HC2LEY Reservoir Dogs]]  [[ASIN:B000068DBC Pulp Fiction]]  [[ASIN:B00005JMEW Kill Bill Vol. 1]]  [[ASIN:B00005JMUA Kill Bill Vol. 2]]  [[ASIN:B0000A2ZTY El Mariachi]]  [[ASIN:B0000A2ZU1 Desperado]]  [[ASIN:B0000WN140 Once Upon a Time in Mexico]]
B00006GO99|5.0|Complex, progressive, and extensivly eloquent!! One of Monk's most<br />genius (literally) recordings; then again what has he done that isn't genius? A definite highlight in the infinite realms of the Thelonious, not to mention the beautiful art of Jazz music. Five stars is an inadequate response to the supurb quality manifested here. A compliment to any music collection.
1594489505|5.0|I loved this book! I'm a slow reader and I was so engrossed in the story, I finished it in five days! When you're staying up all night reading, you know it's a good book!     I was so moved by the story, I bought The Kite Runner afterwards. This book really gives us a sense of what Afghans are going through, especially the women of Afghanistan. This is a touching and inspirational story and I recommend it to everyone!
B0002199H2|5.0|MILES DAVIS, WHAT CAN I SAY BUT MILES AHEAD OF HIS TIME AT HIS TIME AT ANY TIME
B000000WJZ|5.0|This CD is a classic, to quote the salesperson that sold it to me \\"this CD is beautiful\\".
B000YABIQ6|3.0|I had very high hopes for Mad Men given the wildly positive reviews given in the press. I'm in advertising so the subject matter is interesting to me -- but this series is a tough sell.    I was bored beyond belief for the first two episodes, and had to force my way through the first disc. It was dull, plodding, and dreary. The show goes out of its way to show a 'slice of life' from roughly 1960, and sometimes in doing that they lose the momentum of the show.     It's difficult to like any of the characters so there isn't a lot of emotion to the story. The series doesn't really pick up until late in disc 2 when you see all the subplots start to intertwine. By the end of disc four you're interested in what happens, but frankly I wouldn't be disappointed if I never saw another episode.    The acting, set and costume design are all well done -- it just doesn't move fast enough.    There have been some complaints about the case but I have no problem with it. Closing it can be a little annoying when the discs don't line up with the slots correctly, but it's fine.    I like the Play All menu selection so you can watch all the episodes on a disc back-to-back. I'm glad to see they include that when so many other sets do not.    I really wanted to like this series more than I do. But I'm left with an \\"eh, I can take it or leave it\\" attitude.
B00004S367|3.0|Before it's time is the perfect definition. You grant Wonder complete artistic control of his music, plus access to innovative synth machines and this is the end result!!! If it sounds as futuristic as it dose now, imagine what heads were thinking in 72'. One of Steveland's more electric, \\"tripy\\" albums. Still, nothing less than beautiful!!!!
1400063515|4.0|As far as I got, it all seemed to make sense.  The bell-curve IS inadequate.  Ok, that's fine.  And there are some great examples.  There are plenty of reviews here that will give you all the goodies.    But all in all I have to say that there was a lot of clutter.  If you're going to buy this book READ THE PREFACE, everything just clicks better.  Still many things seem irrelevant, or perhaps the connection was not explained enough.  Lots of repetition.  My overall sense is that it could have been shorter and to the point.    Needless to say, I liked as far as I got.  I just felt that I had enough information and that reading the rest would just be repeating the beginning.  Still, I'm happy I bought it and got as far as I did.  The insight is good, and useful.  So if the subject interests you, give it a try and hopefully you'll make it ot the end.
031606792X|3.0|I have to admit that this book is disappointing. I think it is dragging on way to long.   The first part was really good but Bella shouldn't have gotten pregnant so fast, I cannot picture her having a kid and a kid who is aging rapidly!   How in the world is she going to explain it to Charlie and Renee.   The other 3 books were AMAZING!   I wonder what Stephanie's other book, The Host is like, hmmm.
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|I just discovered they released the first film remastered, and in a keepcase to boot in 2007  [Edit: new cover-same old crappy 1999 master]   the movie seems less solid than when I first viewed it at the theater  and talk about dated-WHY on earth do they use analog rotary phones to travel in!?  Even when the movie came out-those where long gone
B00004S35Z|4.0|A phenomenal follow-up to 1973's classic release \\"Innervisions\\", tunes like \\"Creepin'\\", \\"Too Shy To Say\\", & \\"Boogie On Reggae Woman\\" expose Stevie's \\"carnal\\" side, while the tracks \\"Bird Of Beauty\\" & \\"Smile Please\\" explore the loving commonplaces of previous albums. One of Stevie's more.... \\"contemporary\\" albums. This truley unique composition will have you too wishing you had the powers of the \\"Wondrous\\" third eye.
B0016OMFPW|5.0|I usually don't care for Hargrove's albums - but this one is amazing.  A diamond.  Well recorded and rehearsed.  Everything is on time and on target.
B000FGFUMM|1.0|I am a huge fan of Mobile Fidelity and DCC gold CD's. I was somewhat puzzled when MoFi announced on their web-site, that they were going to remaster Megadeth's 1992 album \\"Countdown To Extinction\\". Considering that this album was remastered and remixed by Dave Mustaine himself in 2004 (EMI/Capital).<br /><br />If you own the 2004 \\"Remastered/Remixed\\" version, then this is exactly what your getting (just in a Mobile Fidelity Ultra Disc II version). When i bought this, I thought maybe MoFi would remaster the original 1992 version. If their web-site would have stated that this was the 2004 remixed version. I would of stayed clear from this one.<br /><br />As for the Mobile Fidelity version of this disc. The highs were not as loud as the 2004 disc. In fact the highs came across as soft, and brought the mix more together and even. On both the 1992 and 2004 releases, there was way too much drum cymbals that over powered when the volume was turned up. I have to admit despite the fact it's the 2004 remix, at least MoFi decided to add some metal to on going collection of great albums of the past.<br /><br />*This MFSL Gold CD and the 2004 Capital CD both rated an 8 on a Dynamic Range meter. The original 1992 CD rated a 12.
B0017I1FP8|5.0|Christopher Nolan mentions in the liner notes of the CD that part of the reason he had planned \\"The Dark Knight\\" was the wonderful music that Zimmer and Howard had put together for [[ASIN:B0017HRCQU Batman Begins (Limited Edition Gift Set) [Blu-ray]]]. While I am a little surprised at this, at the same time I see why. The music in that movie definitely fit the tone of the movie. And now, with this wonderful soundtrack to the amazing film [[ASIN:B00005JPY0 The Dark Knight [Theatrical Release]]], Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard have put together a real masterpiece.<br /><br />The soundtrack opens with the very disturbing and uneasy \\"Why So Serious?\\". You feel VERY uncomfortable while listening to it, and it captures who The Joker is very well and easily. At 9 minutes, it is only two notes. Yet with phenomenal execution, orchestration and use of synth, it makes great listening while laying in bed at night. The next track, \\"I'm Not A Hero\\", is a little more orchestra-based, As well as \\"Harvey Two-Face\\", which becomes REALLY epic towards the end, with the roman-sounding orchestration.<br /><br />There's also some over-the-top-ness here, as displayed in \\"And I Thought My Jokes Were Bad\\" and \\"Watch The World Burn\\". But the REAL highlight is the album's final track \\"A Dark Knight\\". Running at 16 minutes, it's an epic song, truly captures the spirit of the last 16 minutes. Some of it happens when The Joker is hanging over the ledge by his foot at the end. But most of it happens during the end credits. Try blasting it out on your HUGE stereo. It'll put your next-door neighbor's hip hop or Sarah McLachlan to shame.<br /><br />So overall, this is an over-the top, epic, and amazing score soundtrack. If you can pick up a copy of it in the store, GO FOR IT. You will NOT be disappointed. The whole time you'll be going \\"Whoa\\". I know I did.
B000K7UG34|5.0|BASED ON TRUE EVENTS IT REALLY BRINGS TOO LIGHT WHAT SOME HAVE SACRAFICED FOR THIS COUNTRY!<br /><br />MEL GIBBSONS BEST PERFORMANCE SINCE BRAVE HEART.
0060730552|3.0|Joe Simpson's disastrous experiences climbing Siula Grande in 1985 make for one of the greatest true adventure stories of the twentieth century.  After Joe's accident on the mountain, he and his climbing partner, Simon Yates, nearly achieved an unlikely descent.  When Simon is unable to continue Joe's rescue, he does the unthinkable (which Joe does not blame him for), and Joe's hellish troubles begin.    Sounds like the outline for an exciting and heart-wrenching adventure, doesn't it?  Unfortunately, Joe was not an experienced writer when he penned Touching the Void, his first book, and it clearly shows.  The reader is often disoriented by Simpson's use of mountaineering jargon (e.g., cols, ridges, and gullies).  And although the book provides a brief glossary, it's not easy to picture what he's writing about if you've never seen a couloir before.  In short, although the story has universal elements, climbers are likely to feel most at home in the account's setting.    There are some wonderful observations and images in the book, but these gems rarely glitter against the more plentiful heaps of clichs.  The book needs to be edited and whittled down, and the IFC film based on the book is an absolutely spectacular rendering of Joe's experiences--the film captures what Joe is unable to accomplish in this book.    It's difficult for me to write a review recommending a movie over a book, but I'm positive that you'll enjoy the film much more.  I found the book difficult to finish even though it's only around 200 pages long, yet the movie had me riveted from the beginning; I felt physically colder watching the movie, for example.  Joe is certainly not the worst untrained writer to publish a bestseller, but in Touching the Void his weaknesses as a writer do not properly relate his greatness as a climber.
B0001WTUH6|5.0|I love love love this movie and the second one too. I am totally biased.
B0017JKEL8|5.0|I almost couldn't handle watching 'Mad Men' on Blu-Ray. I was squirming on my couch, flapping my hands in delight, nearly knocking over my Casino Royale on the rocks - it was TOOOO GOOOOOD. Not only is it a top-notch show that makes an elegant crossover between the aggressive storytelling of cable and the low-key charm of network shows, but the attention to detail is worthy of any big-budget period film. Absorbing those details rendered in the Blu-Ray definition was like scarfing down a big bag of candy and magically not getting sick from it. How could one ask for more?
B000VDDWDS|5.0|BASED ON A NOVEL (EXCELLENT) THIS IS A GREAT ACTION/ADVENTURE MOVIE.<br /><br />EVEN BETTER IF YOU LIKE SAILING OR HISTORY.
0143038095|3.0|i tried to read it years ago, but just didn't hold my interest.  i tried again, and it was ok...not my style though - the mothers were portrayed as victims - but i thought they chose their own destiny in many ways through the choices they made
B00005N5S5|3.0|The 1984 Treminator is an interesting movie but is marred by a cheap musical score. Perhaps it should be re-released with a new score.  The 1.85:1 widescreen DVD is of high quality and enhanced for 16:9 TVs.
0143038419|4.0|Attraversiamo, Elizabeth Gilbert's favorite Italian word, means \\"let's cross over\\" - and I really felt like I did - for the three days it took me to read the three sections of this charming work, I felt like I had crossed over into the parallel universe of this book and was walking beside the author as she set out on the most heroic voyage of all - the voyage of self-discovery.   I have to admit that the hype and negative reviews had nearly put me off - then I happened to read the online excerpt and it really helped me decide that this book was for me. Shimmering with wit, enthusiasm and wisdom, Gilbert has created a unique travelogue that charts both her physical and emotional quest for happiness.   I had expected some lame, whiny self-help type book, but instead I find a refreshing work that is equal parts profound, brutally honest and laugh-out-loud funny. It doesn't matter who you are or where you're from, (I'm not American, not divorced, not going through an existential crisis, and more of a skeptic than the protagonist is), if you have an open mind (esp about spiritual matters) and are able to put yourself in other people's shoes without getting all judgmental, you will definitely enjoy this journey as much as I did, and maybe even learn a few things about finding peace within yourself. And of course, about eating, praying and loving like you really mean it.
0061537934|5.0|I bought this book in hardcover and was thrilled to be able to read it without my glasses, the font is large and the (double?) spacing made it easy to read.  And the book was fabulous.  I love to read, I love dogs, I don't care about racing but after reading this book, I've found racing to be more interesting.  I gave this book to my dad to read (he doesn't read books that often) and he's loving it.  People who see him with it start conversations about it.  Mom is waiting for him to finish so she can read it next.  We all share a family dog whose stories we can relate to Enzo's actions and views on his humans and the world.  I finished this book about a month ago and I'm still thinking about what a pleasure it was to read!
B00070DK14|5.0|Other than Jethro Tull compilations, \\"The Broadsword and the Beast\\" is the last cd that I care to own.  I've heard selections from the following album \\"Under Wraps\\" when Tull went \\"techno\\" and I wondered what they were thinking.  The heralded \\"Crest of a Knave\\" from '87 didn't sound much better, in my opinion, even though I remember when it won a music award for best hard rock/metal album of the year.  What a joke!  I have three songs from the 1987 album, and none of them really rise above the ever-present synthesizer.  Is there any quality Jethro Tull music in the last 20 years?  I pretty much stopped listening after \\"Under Wraps\\" and \\"Crest of a Knave.\\"  I have heard a track or two from 1991's \\"Catfish Rising\\" and thought Tull might be returning to form, a bit.  I just love \\"Aqualung,\\" \\"Living in the Past,\\" and everything from \\"Warchild\\" to \\"Broadsword.\\"  I never could appreciate the two concept albums, \\"Thick as a Brick\\" or \\"A Passion Play.\\"  Maybe my attention span just isn't that long?  But, overall, I enjoy Jethro Tull music from 1971 to 1981.  I wish someone would contact me if there was anything worth hearing over the last couple of decades.  I know I haven't spoken much about \\"Broadsword\\" in this review, but it was the last album to be sufficiently acoustic for my liking, even though Anderson and Co. were trying out some of the new electronic gadgets of the time.  I can't say enough about the music, however.  It was very good!
B000PMLFRA|4.0|Lucas, always the marketing Genious - I will wait for the definitive multi-disc-blu-ray-Set with ALL the films and ALL the Versions INCLUDING the Original Theatrical Version, the Extended 1990's Versions, the Out-Takes (you know there MUST be more he has held back) and Interviews with the original cast (after 30 years) - I would hope for an ULTIMATE STAR WARS FAN BOX SET including all the Animated Movies. Don't count on him including the 1978 TV Wookie Holiday Special though - but if you have seen it, you will see why.  Mr. Lucas, we all love you and your films, but please don't make us wait until WE ORIGINAL FANS who grew up with the films are in our wheelchairs before giving us what we ALL want - A BLU-RAY EXTRAVAGANZA!
031606792X|1.0|Just like everyone else, I was so excited to get my copy of Breaking Dawn. About half way through the book, I lost interest. This is a first for me, because I flew through the other three books. I\\"m not sure what happened, it just seems like Stephenie panicked knowing that this was the last book and quickly tied everything up at the end, so that everyone lives \\"Happy Ever After\\". I cannot tell you how many days/nights Breaking Dawn sat on my dresser, because I didn't feel like reading it. It dragged on way too long. I found myself skipping over all the descriptive parts and only reading the dialogue, so that I could finish it up faster. What a disappointment to an otherwise fantastic series.
B0017JKEL8|5.0|I was fortunate enought to catch the first airing of this series last year and was immediately impressed by the historical accuracy and attention to detail.  This is not to say that the story lines and acting aren't brilliant, because they are (which would account for all of the award nominations).  Set in 1960's Manhattan at a fictitious Madison Avenue advertsising agency, the stories follow two parallel paths:  the evolution of modern styles of advertising as a key function in Corporate America, and the personal lives of the people responsible for the incredibly creative ad concepts of the time.  The dialogue is often politically incorrect and its portrayal of women may make some viewers cringe, but having lived through the 60's I can say that it is a very accurate time capsule of the standards of the period.  Overall, it is a well written, very engaging and slightly nostalgic look back at a time when the \\"medium was the message\\".
B000J103X4|5.0|The Game is the most recent Westcoast rapper to go big and he is now one of the diving foces to the upbringing of west coast music again. Like Dr. Dre did in the early 90's is wat The Game is trying to do in the present and that is to make westcoast music appeal to the rest of the country and maybe around the world. The Game started to make it bug back in 2004 when he was still part of G-Unit with his debut single \\"How We Do\\" wit former boss 50 Cent then later leading up to the Games commerical debut album \\"The Documentary\\" which got critical praise for being one of the best rap albums from the West in a very long time...Then during 05-06 tensions began to rise between the two and eventually forcing The Game to leave G-Unit and also leaving Aftermath records including mentor Dr. Dre which was one of the worst things dat could have happened to The Game.<br /><br />But Game rose to the challenge of making music wihtout Dr. Dre or 50 Cent, and he pulled it off well. The Game's second album \\"Doctors Advocate\\" is basically a thank you CD all dedicated to the one and only  DR. DRE. The Albums has the same feel as \\"The Documentary because of the big-budget production by the likes of Just Blaze, Daz Dallinger, Scott Storch, J.R. Rotem, DJ Khalil, etc.. Also features a lot of guest appearances including Kanye West, Tha Dogg Pound, Busta Rhymes, Nas, Jamie Foxx etc. The Album is great from beginning to end but there is a drawback to the album, and that is The Games consistant name dropping in his lyrics. This is basically his style of rapping, almost every song he does has at least a list of 15 or moe names of other rappers and famous people in his rhymes and sometimes gets a lil annoying. But besides that the album and Games lyrics are top-notch and this album is definetly worth a buy.<br /><br />TOP TRACKS<br />1)  Why You Hate The Game - This is the best track by the Game of all time in my opinion, the games Lyrics are great and the beat is a problem produced by Just Blaze and also feat. Marsha the half of Floetry...Its a 9 minute long track but more than half of the track is a instrumental and Just Blaze talking, but its a great track nontheless.<br /><br />2) Ol' English - is a back in the day track with game painting a picture of his past lifes with words. The song is about Games past situations and experiences. It also features a very talented singer called Dion.<br /><br />3) Doctor's Advocate - the song is about Games feelings about the seperation between him and Dr. Dre and how much he misses working with him and how thankful he is to him...kind of gay but its a good track and really shows Games lyrical ability. Busta Rhymes plays the friend who is trying to help Game through his (Somewhat) tough time...very good song.ha the half of Floetry...Its a 9 minute long track but more than half of the track is a instrumental and Just Blaze talking, but its a great track nontheless.    2) Ol' English - is a back in the day track with game painting a picture of his past lifes with words. The song is about Games past situations and experiences. It also features a very talented singer called Dion.    3) Doctor's Advocate - the song is about Games feelings about the seperation between him and Dr. Dre and how much he misses working with him and how thankful he is to him...kind of gay but its a good track and really shows Games lyrical ability. Busta Rhymes plays the friend who is trying to help Game through his (Somewhat) tough time...very good song.
0440236738|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  It is a lot better than his other series on the sports agent.  Very interesting ending.  I listened to it on CD.
B0015I2P0Y|5.0|I have been a mild Elbow fan for a few years; there previous couple of albums where enjoyable with a few good cuts that stood out. But where these previous efforts were good to play while doing other things where they became kind of like a score for life at the moment, the new album, The Seldom Seen Kid, becomes more like a soundtrack to life.<br /><br />I must admit that I missed this album at first listen; it didn't capture my attention. But, after a couple of passes, The Seldom Seen Kid became part of my life. This is a strong effort that surpasses all of Elbow's previous albums. Where previous albums had some catchy tunes that stood out, this album is just plain very good from start to finish with each song building into the next.<br /><br />The Seldom Seen Kid has promoted Elbow from a middle of the road Prog Rock band to something a few steps removed. The Prog Rock roots are still very evident, but this album is more epic, more sonic. In some ways it reminds me of Radiohead; it is not quite at In Rainbows level and Elbow isn't as sonic as Radiohead, but The Seldom Seen Kid affects my day in the same way that In Rainbows does.<br /><br />>>>>>>>&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;<br /><br />A Guide to my Music Rating System:<br /><br />1 star = Not worth the blood dripping from your ears/<br />2 stars = Don't bother, clean your bathroom instead.<br />3 stars = Wasn't a waste of time, but it was time wasted.<br />4 stars = Good music, but not life altering.<br />5 stars = This music changed my world in at least some small way.
B00000K31Q|5.0|and a very pleasant surprise! I finally rented this...needind something that would make me smile or laugh...having recently watched many great..but sad and hearbreaking films. I had no expectations, but this is a good flick! I'm 35, but could still enjoy this teen flick...and it's appeal is so great...people of all ages can do the same. It's a flick that makes you feel good. You will laugh, you will swoon...you may shed a tear...but you get a happy ending. And Heath Ledger is adorable in this...he even serenades us! Very charming...he and Julia Styles light up the screen. No matter how old you are...you will be smiling and feeling good at the end of this flick!
031606792X|3.0|What was the author thinking?  I was willing to forgive a lot in this book (which was not as good as the previous ones) but everytime I had to read this ridiculous name I liked the book less and less.  Although, given the fact that Bella is only supposed to be 18 perhaps it is in character....
B00005JPO1|2.0|Great for children or easily-entertained individuals, but a terrible letdown for any serious, deep fans of the original films. All the promises by Spielberg that this was going to be some \\"oldschool style\\" adventure flick were nothing but pure LIES; this movie got the George Lucas Star Wars Prequel treatment x10 but without the time and care to make things look even halfway realistic. And to think that they waited so long for the \\"perfect storyline\\" and THIS is what we got... makes you just wonder, \\"Really?\\" A FEW enjoyable moments, but no real heart. My advice to most: save your money (especially at $35 for a pretty standard DVD...).    PS: Oh yeah... ONE use of the whip?? (An awkward one at that)
0060934700|5.0|I've had this book forever, and I go back to it from time to time and it is always a fond reacquaintance.<br /><br />Neil Gaiman is most famous for his Sandman comics, and, more recently, his novels.  His short stories are more varied than his novels, having more in common with his comic book work, which is natural considering the similarities between the mediums.<br /><br />Anyway, these stories run the gamut between regular short stories, you know, the kind that tell a normal story with a twist at the end.  Some of the others are more experimental, poems and stories that aren't really stories.<br /><br />My favorite story of the entire collection is actually a hidden story, not marked on the table of contents.  How a story is hidden in a book is a mystery that I will leave for you to discover, dear reader, but once you find it you will not be disappointed.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|This is a good soundtrack.  Everyone in the cast has their moments. I am impressed with Meryl Streep.  She can really sing.  I love her performance of \\"Dancing Queen\\" \\"Super Trouper\\" and \\"The Winner Takes It All\\". \\"Mamma Mia\\" is quite good too.  Julie Walters is so funny singing \\"Take A Chance On Me\\".  Amanda Seyfried is the other surprise here.  I love her vocals on \\"The Name Of The Game\\",  \\"Gimmee Gimmee\\" and \\"Honey Honey\\".  Christine Baranski shines on \\"Does Your Mother Know\\". The best male performance is \\"Lay All Your Love On Me\\" by Dominick Cooper.  It is very upbeat.  Pierce Brosnan is not the best singer, but he gives a good effort singing \\"SOS\\". If you like the music of Abba, you will like this soundtrack.
031606792X|5.0|To everyone who had written the one-star scathing reviews I say calmly, \\"Relax...please relax.\\"  It's a book!  About vampires!  Anyone who is trying to get anything more than good old entertaining-escape-from-reality time from this series has just completely lost it!  Stephenie Meyers is a great story-teller!  For me, I love the way she writes dialogue.  I loved Breaking Dawn and I loved (LOVED) the ending!  They all get to be together --- forever!  No one was sure how Edward turning Bella into a vampire would go over - so he's forced to save her after she dies giving birth to their baby - brilliant!  No one knew how the whole Jacob thing was ever going to end happily - he imprints on their daughter - amazing!  What is the problem?  I paid something like $12 at amazon.com for the book - was entertained for a few days - now back to life.  Get over it one-star-obessed-pessimists!!!
B0013FDM7E|4.0|4.5 stars.  Now this is entertainment.  Will Smith carries this suspenseful film effortlessly.  I know many have complained about its CGI, but I actually found the vampire characters quite scary and believable.  I'm not sure whether it was explained how Fred the mannequin was removed from store or why the vampire population weren't turning on themselves for food.  Some of the plotlines were predictable but it doesn't mean they weren't still effective.  Losing Sam caused a lump to swell in my throat.  The thought of being completely and utterly alone was a bit much to wrap my brain around.  My problem with the film was the same as most: the ending.  The decision seemed so abrupt.  If the tunnel was strong enough to withstand the blast then it was strong enough for him to hunker in and wait until morning to leave with the woman and child.  Still this was a highly entertaining film.
B0000009SI|4.0|Zappa had his first real commercial success with his previous album \\"Overnight Sensation\\" and \\"Apostrophe\\" would follow up with more novelty songs, especially \\"Don't Eat The Yellow Snow\\" which would actually garner him a significant amount of radio airplay.  This is another album that gets mixed reviews from the Zappa faithful.  Some loath it and yet it was Zappa's highest charting studio album and from a sales standpoint was probably the high water mark of his career.  I like most of the tracks here especially the instrumental stuff which features Zappa at his best on guitar.  I don't claim to be an expert on Zappa so I don't know how this compares to a lot of his material, but suffice to say it is a strong release and would probably be a good place to start if you were just looking into what Zappa was all about.
B0014I4KH6|5.0|I am very surprised that such a young girl has such a good and adult voice. Her music is a beautiful form of modern country. I really like this album and I hope that she will release another album soon.
B0000009SG|4.0|Zappa had been around for quite a while by 1973 with somewhat limited success commercially, but that would all change with the \\"Overnight Sensation\\" album.  This would be Zappa's first album to go gold in the U.S. and would actually get some airplay on more progressive oriented radio stations here.  To many longtime Zappa fans this album was a bit of a commercial sell out, while at the same time it opened up Frank's music to a whole new set of fans.  I have mixed feelings about this album, some of it is brilliant and some I find a bit annoying.  \\"I Am The Slime\\", \\"Dirty Love\\", \\"Dinah Moe Hum\\" and \\"Montana\\" are all prime Zappa satire.  On the other hand songs like \\"50/50\\" and \\"Zomby Woof\\" grate on my ears every time I listen to them.  In the end I give this one 3.5 to 4 stars.
B0013J30W2|2.0|Apologetic loser, Wesley Gibson - a knowing cuckold and paralyzed victim of workplace bullying - discovers his true destiny is not actually preparing billing reports for a nasty boss. When he's apparently almost killed waiting in line at the drugstore, only to be saved by a gun-slinging-Dodge-driving Angelina Jolie, he's given some interesting news: his estranged father has just died and his own drug-controlled panic attacks are actually evidence of a rare inherited disorder that predisposes him to be the perfect assassin. He's promptly freed from white-collar servitude and bundled off to a Chicago textile mill where he spends weeks learning the ways of The Force ... wait, no, that's not quite right. It's the Fraternity. But it might as well be the Jedi Order given the number of lines lifted almost verbatim from the original \\"Star Wars\\" trilogy and a character arc that's suspiciously Skywalkerish. Wesley's mission? Kill the assassin who turned to the dark side and betrayed and murdered his father... \\"Wanted\\" is utterly ludicrous, but thankfully knows it. Its winking self-awareness carries you through the bracing opening and a genuinely engaging setup, but it can only take you so far. Wesley's training is absurd, and when Fraternity supremo Morgan Freeman reveals they take their coded kill-orders from a 1000-year-old feral 'spinning jenny' out back of the textile mill, you realize the wheels really did fall off back when Angelina flipped the Dodge. The beefed-up James McAvoy looks like giving Shia LaBeouf some competition for the everyman action hero roles - you never lose the sense that Wesley is someone like you - and Angelina Jolie is, as always, just ludicrously, impossibly hot. But this movie isn't about performances. It's about the kinetics and spectacle of seeing people shot and things blown up - graphically, repeatedly, and from as many angles as possible. On that score it delivers - the car chase and train sequence were particularly impressive. But sadly - and quite surprisingly for a film adapted from the world of the graphic novel, and created by this crew - \\"Wanted\\" doesn't quite have the visual style to catapult it from ludicrous to cool, nor the bedrock of interesting ideas or big themes to make it meaningful. It's less Wachowski brothers and more Jan De Bont. You'll smile, you'll wince, you'll shake your head in disbelief. But you really won't feel a thing.nd quite surprisingly for a film adapted from the world of the graphic novel, and created by this crew - \\"Wanted\\" doesn't quite have the visual style to catapult it from ludicrous to cool, nor the bedrock of interesting ideas or big themes to make it meaningful. It's less Wachowski brothers and more Jan De Bont. You'll smile, you'll wince, you'll shake your head in disbelief. But you really won't feel a thing.
0140544518|5.0|\\"Everybody knows the story of the Three Little Pigs.  Or at least they think they do.  But I'll let you in on a little secret.  Nobody knows the real story, because nobody has ever heard my side of the story.\\"<br /><br />This is what Alexander T. Wolf (but you can call him \\"Al\\") tells to pseudo-biographer Jon Scieszka at the start of this tale of the \\"real story\\" behind what happened between Al and that irksome triad of swine, the Three Little Pigs.  Al claims that how it all got started was with \\"a sneeze and a cup of sugar\\" and things just got blown (literally) out of proportion from there.<br /><br />You see, one day Al had a nasty cold that had him sneezing himself into oblivion.  He was also baking a cake for his dear old granny for her birthday, ran out of sugar, so decided to go to his neighbors for help (what, there's not a corner store in Al's neck of the woods?).  Those neighbors happen to be pigs and poor craftsmen at that - Al manages to knock down two of the pigs' houses (one of straw, one of sticks) with those gigantic sneezes of his.  He then eats the deceased so they \\"don't spoil\\" and then moves on to the last house (made of brick) to plead for that cup of sugar he so desperately needs.  The pig in the brick house denies him passage AND sugar, inciting Al's anger with a nasty little comment about his grandmother.  This has Al seething and when the authorities roll up, he is sneezing uncontrollably and with great force whilst trying to break down the door.  The media frenzy this creates gives Al the \\"Big Bad\\" moniker he has had to this day, a misnomer this entire story has sought to discredit.<br /><br />But how are you gonna trust a wolf behind bars?<br /><br />Scieszka's amusing take on the hapless villain of this oldest-of-old fairytales is just as amusing for the adult as it is for the young reader.  Lane Smith's illustrations are spectacular, designing Al as the everyman (or should I say \\"everywolf\\") with a demure sweatervest, bowtie and studious-looking spectacles.  What little we see of the pigs (other than their shiny rear ends paired with fork and knife) isn't nice - they are literally painted as antagonists, for we aren't meant to sympathize with them in this story.<br /><br />Bottom line: This is a great children's book to own (I read it myself when I was a child and loved it), especially if you and/or your child are familiar with the original story.  It will provide a fresh and funny perspective time and time again.tle we see of the pigs (other than their shiny rear ends paired with fork and knife) isn't nice - they are literally painted as antagonists, for we aren't meant to sympathize with them in this story.      Bottom line: This is a great children's book to own (I read it myself when I was a child and loved it), especially if you and/or your child are familiar with the original story.  It will provide a fresh and funny perspective time and time again.
B0002MRPDQ|5.0|Ennio Morricone's compositions in The Good,the bad and the Ugly is easily the best ever for me. Each and every one is so good it gets permanently etched in your brain. For me the best is The Ecstasy of Gold. Video of Maestro conducting this piece is available on youtube. If you watch this you will know what instruments were used to produce this master piece.
0316067601|5.0|This book was recomended to me by a friend who told me nothing other than \\"Its a great story of heroism and you must read it.\\" I took his word for it and loved every word. I couldn't put it down. Finished it in 2 days.     What I'd like to share with you is that I learned to be thankful for these men and all those who fight for the very freedom that we Americans and free people take for granted every day. We must realize, democrat or republican, that young men and women have died so that we can live freely in the best country in the world. These men faced an enemy who want all Americans dead just because we stand for freedom. This enemy cowardly slaughtered nearly 3,000 \\"unarmed civilians\\" on 9/11 and yet, the men featured in this book had to make a life and death decision about executing 3 unarmed men. I don't want to give anything away, but when you get to that part, please, just remember, we lost almost 3,000 \\"unarmed civilians\\" and yes, today, our liberal news media is to blame for many of incorrect war-time maneuvers, decisions, and actions.
B0017V7GTY|5.0|well, the release date for this album was set back earlier this year (maybe march/april), and i'm glad it's finally out there. i believe i read about these guys in a music magazine earlier in the year and everything i heard/read about these guys was positive. so, i figured i'd give them a chance so i bought both their debut from 2007 \\"sink or swim\\", and their recently released ep (senor and the queen) for both reasonable prices. instantly, i fell in love with the band. their heartfelt lyrics about lost loves, second chances, and living life was what i needed to hear at that time in my life and it really hit home with me. it seems that i could relate to what they were saying in their songs and it feels like they're talking to me (except for the references to specific names). that's why this band works. this is why this band has a cult/legion of fans. this is why the band are getting all types of buzz about their new album. this is why this band could be the next big thing in rock music.     the stories, the references, the lyrics, the honesty, the emotion, that are coming from a real place is what could prepel them to rock stars. it seems like rock critics have been trying to find this decade's \\"nirvana\\" and some bands have come close but never panned out all the way. i know, i know...nirvana are legends and i'm in no way comparing gaslight to nirvana. no way, their music and message are almost completely different. or is it? i remember back in the early part of the decade three bands were tagged on being the next big thing or movement in rock. they were at the drive in, jimmy eat world, and thursday. all bands are excellent, amazing artists but they never panned out for some reason. maybe the message wasn't right. no one knew what the heck ATDI were talking about in their lyrics, JEW were considered to safe to make a statement, and thursday's dark, depressing lyrics were probably too much for some people. then once again, you had the explosion of fall out boy in themiddle of the decade (but that's a whole different story) but they were just some fun pop band who are now celebrity's. then last year we had the stellar album from against me!, \\"new wave\\". it was THE record of 2007 according to many critics and fans years end list. a lot of people were calling them the saviors of rock music and the next nirvana. they're a great band and that's a great record but it seems like the lyrics are too politically charged for most people.     with that little back story behind, people need music they can relate on a personal level that's accessible in some ways. that's where the gaslight anthem could take over the world if they wanted to. the hooks, the sincerity, the relatable story-telling songs, the lyrics, do just that with 100% passion and heart. also, this band reaches and hits almost every genre you can think of...blues, soul, rockabilly, punk, alternative, rock n roll, classic rock, pop, folk, and so on. plus, hand an older music fan who listens to springstreen or tom petty a copy of this record and tell me they won't like it. impossible. give a copy to all the hardcore punk elitists and tell me they won't like it. impossible. okay, now for the real challenge...hand this album to someone who listens to classic rock or radio rock like nickelback, 3 doors down, etc. and tell me they won't like it. i highly doubt it. now, hand this album to someone who loves country/western music and tell me they won't like. probably not going to happen.     this band is capable of such a large appeal to a huge audience of music listeners, this band could easy take over the world. so is there a chance of them being the next nirvana for rock music? all the ingrediants are there...so i would say there's a good chance.     i mean what more can i say about this band/or album? these guys are hard-working humble dudes from new jersey who play passionate, heartfelt lyrics in the vain of old legends like tom petty, bob dylan, bruce springsteen, and dare i say elvis pressley?...they also have strong punk roots tied in with their music from the likes of modern acts such as alkaline trio, against me, hot water music and even jawbreaker from the 90's.     there's really no need for me to break down the album song by song, cuz they're all classic songs which in turn makes this album complete from start to finish. the recording quality is something like you'd hear from the 50's or 60's (hint: the 59 sound) and it really adds nice texture and depth to the album as a whole. i suggest you listen to this record on vinyl to get the real listening experience. it sounds like something that could easily fit into your soul and blues rock collection from the 60's. all i can say is that it would be a shame if these guys don't get huge in the next year or so. this record is one of the best i've heard in a long time and will be on many year end lists. i am now a fan for life after hearing this record and i will support these guys whereever they go.     HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to anyone regardless of what type of music you listen to...    thanks for reading
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I have never been an avid Coldplay fan, but this album cannot be denied the laurels which it deserves.  In an era of music defined by generic punk-pop and ultra-repetitive hip-hop, this album is a breath of much-needed fresh air.  Chris Martin and Co. teamed up with Brian Eno to give Coldplay's music a newer sense of urgency and purpose, and the results will surely be admired by the musical community for years to come.  Songs such as \\"Viva La Vida\\" display an ethereal beauty that not only pleases the listener, but actually draws them into the music.  Tales of deposed royalty and clever political commentary help make for an even more interesting listen.  Flag-waiving, anthemic music at its best.
B000055Y0X|5.0|Imagine a film where Colonel \\"King\\" Kong (Slim Pickens) tells his B-52 crew, \\"Well boys, this is it.  Nuclear combat toe to toe with the Rooskies!\\"  Sterling Hayden as Gen. Jack D. Ripper who -- fearing contaminating his bloody fluids -- launches a nuclear attack on Russia. George C. Scott as Gen. \\"Buck\\" Turgison: \\"I'm not saying we're not going to get our hair mussed.  Ten million casualties, twenty million tops.\\" Then there is Peter Sellers in several roles: an RAF Liasion officer, the President of the United States and Dr. Strangelove -- a former Nazi scientist, crippled with an arm that gives an involuntary \\"Seig Heil\\" nazi salute.  A brilliant dark satire from Stanley Kubrick (coming in the wake of being fired from the Brando western ONE-EYED JACKS and directing the Kirk Douglas epic SPARTACUS).  From this film onward all of Kubricks successive movies (2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY, A CLOCKWORK ORANGE, BARRY LYNDON, FULL METAL JACKET & EYES WIDE SHUT) would all be distinct provoking. Look for the first screen appearence of James Earl Jones as a crewmember on Col. Kong's B-52.
B000F3AAUW|5.0|It's a refreshing, fun album, with no really weak songs and quite a few that are really catchy. It's not for everyone, granted, but I enjoy it a lot.
B00028HBKM|4.0|This is a good film which closely follows the testimony of the New Testament Gospels.  The filming is graphic and detailed and the decision to have people speak in their original languages was very intelligent.  The film has been accused of being antisemitic--partly because of Gibson's escapades-but I don't see it.  It is no more antisemitic than the Gospels, themselves.  Yes, I think it can be argued that the Gospels show an anti-Pharasee bias--make that an anti-establishment bias--but they can't be antisemitic.  The early Christians, precisely the ones who wrote the New Testament, were all Jews.  It is hardly credible that they were antisemites.  They were, however, members of a new wave of Judaism, a wave that witnessed the destruction of Jerusalem and the razing of Herod's Temple.  They didn't like the Temple Establishment and their writings show it, sometimes even glossing over the Roman responsibility for Jesus' crucifixion.<br /><br />The film is both detailed and excruciating.  It emphasizes Jesus' suffering for mankind.  It's difficult to 'overdo' something as hideous as death by crucifixion but I think the directors come close.  The scourging is overdone to the point of unbelievability.  It goes on far too long and is laid on with too much force.  The scourging of the type depicted may have killed a man without the necessity of a cross.  Of a near absolute certainty, a man so scourged would never be able to pull--even with help--the cross up to the hill of Golgotha.<br /><br />Other than that I have only one other technical comment and that involves the cross, itself.  The cross has become the living symbol of many Christian faiths but many people believe that there was never a cross.  There is evidence that, in some places, the uprights were always kept in place on the execution ground.  The condemned man carried the crosspiece on his shoulder to the place of execution.<br /><br />In A.D. 70, Jerusalem fell to a Roman army and thousands were crucified around its walls.  It seems highly unlikely that full crosses were used in the executions.<br /><br />Ron Braithwaite author of novels--\\"Skull Rack\\" and \\"Hummingbird God\\"--on the Spanish Conquest of Mexicohighly unlikely that full crosses were used in the executions.    Ron Braithwaite author of novels--\\"Skull Rack\\" and \\"Hummingbird God\\"--on the Spanish Conquest of Mexico
0806930152|5.0|WOW! Just got this book and had no idea it was soooo good! If you're into the constructional way of drawing the human figure, this book is for you!  The mechanics of the body are so clearly shown and with many illustrations - all pages in this book are filled with useful information.     So far I have been using those books by Gottfried Bammes, especially \\"Die Gestalt des Menchen\\" and I've considered that book to be the best of all my artistic anatomy books. This book by Bridgman comes very close to actually changing that and that's saying something!     If this constructional way of drawing seems confusing I'd suggest you start with \\"Figure drawing for all it's worth\\" by Andrew Loomis. That would give you the general idea. (I do believe there is an online version of that book somewhere)  You could also start with \\"The drawing manual\\" by Glenn Vilppu  I promise you that to construct a figure is the proper way to draw - at least that's how artists have been trained since the renaissance. Even when drawing from life you should still construct.
B000YENUIG|5.0|By Richard Costa     What do a newborn baby girl, a dead teenage prostitute; a mid-wife and a driver for the Russian mob have in common?   They are all caught in the web of `Eastern Promises.'David Cronenberg's latest study of human violence has all the edge you expect from a taut suspense thriller. Viggo Mortensen's character (Nikolai) is a driver for a criminal organization in what should be a bit part that proves instead to be very significant, strange and ambiguous. The film shows the Russian mafia in all its dark glory. Viewers get a glimpse beneath the mystique of the mafia sans the positive spin that's been trailing mob films since the Godfather made it good to be bad. Tony Soprano became a cultural father figure because of his no-nonsense tough guy character, but when you see what his world is built around you suspect he's a devil. So too, Armin Mueller Stahl's Semyon, a paternal, world wise criminal ruler of the Russian underworld in London, seems the kindest elderly gentleman you'd want to meet at first sight when he's introduced in the film. But the fault line in Semyon's public persona grows into a chasm when the newborn baby in question has the power to alter his fate. Behind his genteel veneer lay a world of human trafficking and death.    The story begins with a girl of fourteen (Tatiana) giving birth in a London hospital. She dies during the birth and leaves nothing but her diary, written in Russian. Her midwife Anna (Naomi Watts) seeks to have the diary translated to find the newborn girl's kin. She finds a business card which brings her to a restaurant where she meets the seeming gentleman and restaurateur Mueller-Stahl (Semyon). He claims no recollection of the girl. Anna naively asks if he would read the diary. His interest piques when he learns of the diary, and so Watts has given valuable information to the devil. Other characters and subplots intersect--including Viggo Mortensen's relationship to both patriarch Semyon and his twitchy son Kirill, played by Vincent Cassel.   Vory V Zakone is Russian for `Thieves in-law.' The unique code for criminals in prison camps flourished in the Stalin era. Thieves in-law are sworn to forego everything, including family, for fealty to their fellow thieves. Their power increased when the Soviet Union fell apart. Modern Russia is a complex portrait of relationships between the government, the Vory and white collar criminals. In the film, when the Russian mafia moves to London, the criminal code goes with them. The Vory V Zakone are well known for their tattoos; in fact they're ranked by them. As a detective inspecting a dead body remarks in the film: `In Russian prisons, your life story is written on your body in tattoos. Without tattoos, you don't exist.'    Once fourteen year-old Tatiana dies in the hospital with needle marks on her arms after escaping Semyon's sex slave trade, we get a caption from her diary: `I am not sure I can carry on another day. The windows won't open, so I cannot throw myself out. They inject me every day with heroin. Sometimes, I think this is all an hallucination.' Anna's Russian-born Uncle wants her to destroy the diary, while her mother Helen says of the criminal organization: `They're like a contagious disease, there's no cure once they've touched you.'   As Nikolai, Mortsen's accent is perfect, complete with missing articles from his speech for effect. His ambiguity is complimented by Anna's innocence. The underworld meets civilization in their encounters throughout the film. Watts compelling presence radiates the screen like it did in King Kong (she was the blockbusters strongest asset), and Mueller Stahl's duplicitous performance will haunt you long after you leave the theater. Eastern Promises has sexual situations, a now famous nude fight scene in a sauna, graphic violence and very adult situations.      Richard Costa  [...]    [...]
B000NA1OXY|4.0|this is such a fun album. most songs are perfect for the gym. people just like to label and put celebrities in a box and not let them change. this album is just different than her other albums. i see people bashing her as a fake poser,fake punk and that is so immature. you labeled her as one thing and then she evolves to a different artist and you feel like she is fake. wow people get a life!!!
0553588486|1.0|I had -as many readers, I suspect- good expectations for this book. It seemed the perfect holiday series of novels.<br />I am not generally scared by n-logies amounting pages in the thousands -I just finished Stephenson's Baroque Cycle, which I heavily recommend, by the way-.<br />So I started reading A Game of Thrones... Well, I fount it boring, bland, commonplace, linear (yes, despite the zillion subplots; they all sound the same). Skipping chapters, which I rarely do, gave me the impression the same white noise would go on for 6000 pages.<br />It never hook me up. I couldn't find any reason to keep reading.<br />I know a lot of people praise Martin's original mix of soap opera and fantasy, but it just doesn't work for me. There is no intelectual depth, just plain dull soap opera narrative.<br />There might be some bright memorable moments and universe details, just like it happened in Dying Light, but we're not talking about a 300-page novel where those bright details compensate the sometimes boring narrative and overall bland story, we're talking about a 6000-page monster saga...<br />Well, there are plenty more interesting books to read out there.
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|I am basing my rating on the 30-second listening previews, only. I am active in the music biz and I know hits when I hear them. Compared to the enormous boatload of JUNK that exists in this music world of today, I love the catchy Pop/Jazz/Hip-hop style of Katy Perry's music AND the way she sings it. How refreshing! I do not view this as stereotypical Pop music. She has a certain unique style based on her voice and annunciation. This was also recorded and produced very well. Like the Van Halen boys and I agree, if it sounds good, it IS good! 'Nuff said!!!!
031606792X|5.0|WELL WORTH THE WAIT, SO MUCH MORE THAN I EXPECTED, YET EVERYTHING I HOPED IT WOULD BE, I LOVED IT!!!   SHAME, YOU CANT PLEASE THEM ALL, OH WELL,TOO BAD, I AM ACTUALLY GLAD TO BE PART OF THE SATISIFED READERS.  XTRA, XTRA KUDOS TO THE WRITER! ALL MY FRIENDS ENJOYED IT AS MUCH AS I DID.    NOW WE ARE SOOO EXCITED ABOUT THE UPCOMING MOVIE! CANT WAIT
B0018RBN8C|5.0|I randomly came across this singer and became instantly in love.  I also love Amy Winehouse but loved this CD more.  My favorite songs are Warwick Avenue(which has an amazing video by the way) and Syrup and Honey, but all songs kept me listening over and over. If you're into this type of music I recommend her immensely.
B000002UB3|5.0|A thousand reviews? I only can echo the majority. This is simply another masterpiece from the greatest band that ever cut a record. These four were in a class by themselves. The Beatles and then there were all the others. Abbey Road blew everyone away when it came out and still is an experience and not just a set of songs put together for listening to while you run the vacumn cleaner. I always think of some of the assertions that have been made about Shakespeare when I take in the entire catlog of the Beatles. It seems impossible that one small rock combo could come together and create art the way they did the same way that so many people can't imagine one person writing as many classics as Shakespeare did. During the time of the Beatles, it was one set of songs after another, album after album of music that cut a new path a little deeper each time. Abbey Road was like a non-stop freight train and a must for anybody that can grasp the significance of this time period and the effect of this music on what was happening.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|Stephenie Meyer comes through with more twists and unexpected turns in the final installment of the national best-selling series. You will be undoubtably turning page after page forgetting time altogether. In fact, I probably wasn't the only one who wanted to read it again as soon as it ended.
B000063DI9|4.0|After years of success, some musicians believe they need to change, or at least alter the way they sound-look-act in order to maintain success, or at least remain relevant. U2 had made that same mistake; KISS made that mistake. The reality is some don't want to have that just-miss release and they over-think it, which doesn't help. One good example of this is Led Zeppelin's 'Presence': a good album, but far from what was expected from them. 'Seventh Son of a Seventh Son' is Iron Maiden's good album after years and years of great albums.    'Seventh Son' was released around the time the old guard of metal was giving way to Metallica, Megadeth, and Slayer. Many hard rock/heavy metal bands of the early to mid 80's felt the pressure and had to do something to maintain their relevance. For Maiden, like some others, it meant going progressive in sound and style: a okay idea if you were storytellers like Maiden had been since the beginning. It did seem logical that a concept album was what remained to be done by this group.    Unfortunately, back then when I first listened to this as it is now, they put in a heavy effort to make this whole CD listenable; an effort that would aide in the ruination of Iron Maiden for four more albums until 'Brave New World'. Very little from 'Somewhere in Time' made it to this album, and what did was very raw. The arrangements of each song have their own flow, which one song does not melt into the next. That's not necessarily a good thing when it comes to concept albums.    Bruce Dickinson was really challenged as far as range and pitch goes, singing with heart for the songs. He does a serviceable job, but trying for nuance instead of executing the lyrics sinks him here. What hurts is his voice competing with the synthesizer. On 'The Clairvoyant', a good song just misses the Maiden live catalog no thanks to word-to-note match of Dickinson and synthesizer. It isn't Europe 'Final Countdown' annoying, but it comes pretty damn close.    There are good songs in the bunch, including album saviors 'Can I Play With Madness' and 'The Evil Men Do' and 'Only the Good Die Young' and 'The Prophecy'. However they don't give the album as a whole play-it-again viability like 'Somewhere in Time', 'Powerslave', and 'Brave New World'. It is, for lack of a better term and barely just four stars because of four good songs, Iron Maiden's 'Presence'.
1401207510|1.0|As both the reviewers before me stated, this edition is a complete ripoff. For those that bought the regular edition hardcover, the only noticeable difference beyond the larger format is the larger price tag (we're talking a $70 difference). What's absolutely infuriating about this edition is that wildstorm still has the solicitation up on their website, listed with all of the bonus features (including the Alan Moore vinyl 7\\"). As someone who owns and loves other Absolute editions (Long Halloween, New Frontier), I feel exceptionally cheated, and I'm surprised that nobody has raised a fuss with DC themselves. Not only is this Absolute edition much smaller than others, it's also more expensive. The Long Halloween Absolute edition is $75 compared to the $100 list price of this clunker.    Whatever feud there may be between Alan Moore and DC should not be taken out on the fans. If you want to read the story (which is great by the way), save yourself some serious dough and buy the normal edition.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|The R1 dvd of ALIEN QUADRILOGY is the best dvd around. it has commentaries on both theatrical and special versions, seamless branching is included for telling you where the deleted scenes are on the theatrical version, and lots more. Overall, an excellent buy!
B00008RH8S|4.0|Quite simply, Delta has an amazing live show and this cd doesn't really do justice to what she's capable of. The emotion and energy present in her live performances, just isn't really there on her cd. Most disappointing to me is \\"Innocent Eyes\\", a song which positively gave me shivers when I heard it live. However, it's still an outstanding cd due to it's thoughtful, well-written lyrics, soaring vocals, and excellent piano work. My favorites are \\"Not Me, Not I\\", \\"Lost Without You\\", and \\"Predictable\\". This cd is great to listen to kinda as background music, and then some tracks make you just stop and get your full attention. All this cd could have been that way though if Delta could have just captured some of that passion and spirit that she sings her live shows with...
B000068CNX|5.0|Friends - The Complete Second Season really hit the jackpot! This show was mega-popular thanks to The Rachel haircut and of course the talented and irreplaceable cast. I love the season 2, it's hilarious and witty! Lisa Kudrow finally got to shine this season, she was so neglected in season 1, her comic timing is impeccable. The Ross and Rachel storyline was the highlight of the season and Monica's releationship with a much older man, Richard portrayed by Tom Selleck. You've got to pick up season 2, worth every penny. Enjoy!
B0017WCERM|5.0|I'm 25 and am probably one of the last people who grew up as a kid in the late 80's and very early 90's listening to my parents vinyl records.  The resurgence of vinyl is a dream come true, and now the best Metal album ever recorded is now available in this format with all its nuances.  Absolutely stunning to listen to!    However, there are a couple points I need to make.  'Master of Puppets' really pushes the 33 1/3 RPM LP format to its absolute limit.  Side One runs 26:48 in length while Side Two runs 27:10 in length, very, very close to the absolute maximum limit of 30 minutes of playing time per side possible on an LP.  Because of that, the playing volume suffers somewhat.  Don't expect to put this record on your tabletop record player and speaker system and expect to be blasted out of your shoes.  You really should have a serious hi-fi rig with large speakers and high quality receiver amplifier if you want to really rock the house with this record.  This is not dissing this album in anyway, I'm just pointing out a limitation of the LP format that putting this album in it brings forth.    So, drop this on the turntable of your fine hi-fi rig and proceed to be blown away by what the LP format can bring forth when combined with Metallica's metal prowess!
0385340990|5.0|The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society by Mary Ann Shaffer and Annie Barrows is one of the best books I have read this year. Written mostly as a series of letters, the book covers ten months in the life of a young English author, Juliet Ashton, at the conclusion of WWII. Juliet has had some success with a compilation of her articles written during the war, and while looking around for a new book project she receives a letter from Dawsey Adams, a resident of Guernsey - one of the Channel Islands, - who is recovering from the five year occupation of the island by the Nazis. He happened to have read a copy of a book that once belonged to her (and had her name and address in the front cover) for a meeting of a literary society. The society was started to protect the residents from punishment by the Germans, and he solicits her help in finding other books by this author. Juliet is immediately taken by the story of the beginning of this literary society and thus begins correspondence with several other members of the society as well. When she decides to write her next book about the Guernsey residents, she goes out to the island and falls in love with Shaffer and Barrow's amazing cast of characters.<br /><br />While there is nothing fun about the subject of WWII, I found a lot to enjoy in this book. First, the use of letters allows the reader to get such a clear sense of each of the characters, I felt like I had known them forever. Importantly, Juliet is such an interesting and lovable protagonist, despite the horror that Europe has been through, her letters are always very clever and endearing. Second, this book is full of the kinds of sentences that ring so true when you read them, that you write them on post-it notes and stick them up around the house. One of my favorites is in Juliet's letter to Dawsey: \\" That's what I love about reading: One tiny thing will interest you in a book, and that tiny thing will lead you onto another book, and another bit there will lead you onto a third book.  It's geometrically progressive - all with no end in sight, and for no other reason than sheer enjoyment\\". Third, the island residents were so varied, so unique, almost stereotypes of \\"characters\\", yet still deliciously believable, it was a pleasure to meet each of them. And while there wasn't much in the plot that was surprising, it was beautifully crafted and I was happy to go along for the ride. And finally, this book had me Googling Guernsey, Todt works, etc, which brings me back to the post-its on my wall. I highly recommend this book; it was a delight to read.d you onto a third book.  It's geometrically progressive - all with no end in sight, and for no other reason than sheer enjoyment\\". Third, the island residents were so varied, so unique, almost stereotypes of \\"characters\\", yet still deliciously believable, it was a pleasure to meet each of them. And while there wasn't much in the plot that was surprising, it was beautifully crafted and I was happy to go along for the ride. And finally, this book had me Googling Guernsey, Todt works, etc, which brings me back to the post-its on my wall. I highly recommend this book; it was a delight to read.
B000MRA5NS|2.0|Bond was always a classy cat with a lot of interesting spy weapons and gadgets. This is more like another action film and this Bond is to rough. Not bad, but just another action movie.
031606792X|3.0|The first three books written by Mrs. Stephenie Meyer were very good - it told a fairly simple story of Bella, a human who fell in love with an extremely handsome vampire boy named Edward. It had dark humor, voilence and twists and turns that made the saga great. I was so stoked about the final book that I went straight to the midnight release party after I got off work. It took me about 27 hours to read (loosing much needed sleep since I had to work the next day) and I felt like there was something missing.<br /><br />(Slight spoilers after this!)<br /><br />Bella and Edward went from an engaged couple to a married couple to a couple unexpetedley expecting a baby in seven short chapters. Not that I minded a new Cullen in the family, it's just that I think it would've been intresting to see Bella going to college as a human for at least one year before she got pregnant.<br /><br />Then there was the Jacob part of the book. I liked that. It was a refreshing change of pace from Bella's thoughts. Breaking away from the main pack and imprinting on little Renesmee was a pleasent surprise from 'the norm'.<br /><br />The part I was dissapointed with was when the Volturi came to Washington. Bella and the rest of the Cullens were so worried about the visit to kill them that they had to gather up an army of witnesses ot prove that Renesmee wasn't an immortal child. All that planning  worked up tension... and it all came to a big ol' flop. I was expecting a fight to ensue! Someone dying or something!<br /><br />But I digress.<br /><br />The real adorable part of the book was at the very end when Bella lets down her shield to let Edward hear all of her thoughts. That was so sweet that I got a little sniffly.<br /><br />This book is a good read for the most part. It still has that good humor and suspense that I love. I think that if Mrs. Meyer's contract was good for two more books, then the ending would be much better. If you don't mind a little dissapointment, I would gladly recommend it.
B000JLPMPS|3.0|It's all these guys in their later years so kind of goofy to see them as trying to be studs. Hackman is the best thing in the movie. BR continues to miss on the extras.
0385340990|4.0|This book, set after the close of WWII in the UK, weaves a couple of different themes together, all told in letters to or from the protagonist, a writer.  It starts out being about life moving towards normality after WWII in the UK, and the author trying to define herself as a writer, and find love and family.  But the central story is about the little-known occupation by Germany of Guernsey during WWII, and what happened during that time to the various islanders.<br /><br />The tone of the book is bright and breezy, though some of the letters from the islanders in which they recount events from the wartime are heartbreaking.  Those who saw the 2005 BBC/PBS series \\"island at War\\" will be familiar with many aspects of this story, but as it unfolds is still a good one.  Some of the highlights were the craft and guile the islanders employed during those years.  (As I was reading this book, it kept feeling like the authors must have seen the same series and then decided to create a novel about the same time period:  as I would read an account of some event in the book, my mind played-back the video of a similar event from the tv series.)  I did find some of the culminating events predictable, in that I guessed the story was going in those directions much earlier, but still it was an enjoyable read.
B000M9BPEY|5.0|This was very under-rated. Performances and story are great. SHould have been an acad nominee.
B000001GBJ|5.0|Song from a Secret Garden is SO haunting! A few months ago I had it going through my head, but could not remember who performed it until I remembered TONIGHT! Then I had to turn the house upside down to find the CD! FOUND it! This group is so mesmerizing.
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|First of all looks great on BR. The movie is a definite younger guy flick.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I am a huge BBC period miniseries fan.  Okay, to be honest, I'm a huge BBC series fan, but period miniseries are always my favorites.  I watched \\"North and South\\" based on an automated 'if you like this then watch this' feature on a website, and boy, was I wowed by what I saw. This is probably the best BBC miniseries since the mid-90s \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" with Colin Firth--if you like that series, go watch this NOW.<br /><br />\\"North and South\\" is a captivating mix of romance and industrial strife. The miniseries is set in Milton an industrial mill town in northern England (played beautifully in the series by Edinburgh, Scotland--if you've ever been there you'll recognize the familiar crags in the cemetery scenes), where the Hale family has moved from their home in Hampshire. Margaret, the Hale daughter, is taken aback by the grit of industry.  She quickly meets Mr. Thornton, a local mill owner. After a good deal of clashing (think Elizabeth and Darcy), a mill strike, and lots of drama, a love develops.<br /><br />I think what makes \\"North and South\\" so wonderful is that combination of romance and political intrigue.  Margaret does not sit idly or wander around the countryside all the time--rather, she is engaged with the mill workers and the owners, and learns enough to engage in interesting debate about workers rights. It's her intellect that softens Mr. Thornton as much as her looks, and it's wonderful to watch her in action.  The entire cast is superb--I especially love Daniela Denby-Ashe--I hope I see her in something else soon!<br /><br />As I said at the beginning of this review--if you're a P&P fan, or a Dickens, or Bronte fan, go see this miniseries immediately.  The four hours will be well worth your time--I can't wait to watch it again!
1401207510|1.0|As another reviewer has already mentioned, this Absolute Edition is an Absolute rip-off. I also preordered this edition well over a year ago, so ended up paying only $47.25, but there is no way this is worth even that let alone the $99.00 price tag if you're unlucky enough to pay full price. It's about 0ne-third the size of the other Absolute editions in this series (which are brilliant).
031606792X|5.0|This book was amazing. My friends and I went to the midnight release of it, read for 7 straight hours and then i finished it a day later. It was AMAZING. I have to say I will ALWAYS love the first one the most but this was definitly up there with being one of my favs.   If you havent read this series you should!!    BTW I LOVED the fact that bella had a kid!! I have always wanted her and Edward to have one!!     BTW again, you people who are saying it promotes \\"bad things\\" or what ever, get over it. It's a BOOK TO READ FOR FUN.   Seriously. Im 16 and this book doesnt make me want to go get married and have sex. I dont know why you people think that! GEEZE! Lighten UP!
B001AW9DKK|1.0|CSNY/Deja Vu Live caught me totally by surprise.      From this sample, CSN&Y are all washed up...      First, it seems like the guys can't sing anymore.  Their voices crack and rattle and they can't carry a tune individually; much less as a quartet.  Their attempts at harmony were agonizing.  I don't think you could smoke enough rope to make their singing sound good.      There were some moments, when I thought their instrumentals would rise up and drown out their singing, but as their guitar work came to the forefront, I realized their instruments weren't in tune and they weren't playing together; much less in the same key.      The venue acoustics didn't help matters, either.  It sounded like they were playing in the largest tin bucket in the world and at opposite ends of the bucket to boot.      If you were there at the live concert and/or you just want to relive the moment when CSN&Y once more celebrated their, \\"freedom of speech\\", buy this CD.      If you're interested in good music, go back to their catalog and find some of their re-mastered and enhanced studio albums from the days when CSN&Y really were a powerful musical force.
031606792X|4.0|I liked Breaking Dawn, but it was *totally* different from the first three books.   And not in a good way.      The first three books, I simply couldn't put down.  I absolutely love them, and will be reading them for many years to come.  They were that amazingly well written, fast paced, fun and romantic.  The stories were suspenseful and catch-your-breath interesting.  Learning about the characters and their motivations was wonderful, and seeing them grow and watching the story connect through the first three books was a thrill.    And then I read Breaking Dawn.  Lots of Spoilers Follow.      First things first.  I loved that Bella finally got married, and finally got to sleep with Edward as a human.  Great and great.  However, this killed the romantic tension in the book.  What is left to look forward to if the first 138 pages (of the mammoth 754 page book) has the happy ending that Stephenie Meyer spent three whole books building up to?    I'll tell you what:  the rest of the book focuses on poorly created conflict.  Bella becomes pregnant.  The baby is destroying her.  Edward spends the next SIX HUNDRED PAGES moping around, catatonic.  Then this conflict is resolved and everything is great again for another couple of hundred pages.    So now Ms. Meyer needs a new conflict.  She dredges up the Volturi as the bogeyman bad guys, and shoots them down again by bringing an extended vampire cast into play.  The author introduced at least a dozen new characters to this story, all marginally important, all uncompellingly described.  Together with these new characters, the Volturi threat is shot down.    And everyone lives happily ever after.  No one grows as a character.  No one learns anything.  No one sacrifices anything.  There is no great moral, nothing to learn from this tale.    What is Stephenie Meyer's purpose with the myriad new vampire characters?  I would venture to guess it is to seed development of future Twilight-related stories and series.  Now we need theJacob-Renesmee-Neheul story arc.  Then the Irish Vampires story arc.  Then the Denali Vampires story arc.  Then the Romanian Vampires story arc.  It could literally go on for decades based on the characters Ms. Meyer has introduced in this book.  My concern is not that Ms. Meyer is creating a future gold mine, my concern is that she has sacrificed Breaking Dawn, the crown jewel of her Twilight series, in order to do so.  The flow of Breaking Dawn is very unnatural and forced because of the pat storylines and the poor character development.      The portion of the book where Bella's decision-making could have used some illumination (her pregnancy) was told in Jacob's perspective. Instead of Bella's perspective on her pregnancy, we have Jacob's.  Instead of dashing hero Edward, we have mopey guy who offers to let his wife sleep with her ex-boyfriend so she can get pregnant.  And the most weird thing about this series for me?  That Jacob imprints on Renesmee.  Mommy's ex-boyfriend is daughter's future husband?  Odd to say the least.  A missing piece that hopefully will be picked up by future forays into the Twilight series world:  the maid on Isle Esme.  She was an Indian who had some background on Bella's condition.  Sadly, she was not developed as a character at all.    The plot of Breaking Dawn was very Harlequin romance-esque (without the sex or the romance). The writing was loose and not as descriptive and defined as the first three novels in the series; it makes me wonder if Ms. Meyer had a ghost writer for at least part of it. (or maybe she's being stretched too thin with the Host series, the Midnight Sun series, the Twilight movie, and of course this series and its theoretical offshoots)(or maybe the publisher wanted it this way to set up future story arcs)(or maybe the editor just had some bad ideas that ended up incorporated into the book). The world may never know.      So while Breaking Dawn was a good read, it was neither compelling nor worthy of the first three books in this saga.    I hope Stephenie Meyer's future story arcs related to this series are really good, because she really tore apart Breaking Dawn to set them up.
0061150142|5.0|This book was really a good read, very different from any other books i've read. I have read several of her other books since then and have been very pleased with her work.
B000H305U0|5.0|In the world of Fad driven music like pop, R&B and Hip Hop, where you are hot one day and the next you are corny even though you have not changed your style at all comes a jewel of an album.  This is a album where an adult can get enjoyment out of this as well as children.  Get the edited disc for the children.  Justin joined a lot of so called labeled R&B styles like old skool, Neo-soul, pop and urban and came up with an album that is very entertaining.  In a time where kid R&B songs rule the chart he has come out on top.  If you are a true fan of R&B, you will enjoy this album.  If not you will at least appreciate this album for the creativity and what he is offering. An album with ACTUAL MUSIC behind the lyrics instead of just weird sounds.  Even if it's just a loop of music it's still music where you can ID the instruments.  This is coming from a R&B fan who thinks today's R&B is lacking in several areas..... one is TALENT.  Good job Justin.  Maxwell hurry up.
B000TNF7OC|3.0|After a stint of success in Germany & Japan with their debut and sophomore space-rock efforts and two guitar player departures UFO were at the crossroads in 1973. During a 6 week Germany tour 2nd guitarist Bernie Mardsen(replacing original Mick Bolton) had added a group of blues covers to the bands set list and on their second album then decided not to join them. Without equpment and a guitar player they borrowed both from opening act the Scorpions who had just released their debut album. Future guitar god Michael Schenker was asked to join and UFO then went on to record their third album which would be carried out with the idea of burying the memory of their first two interesting yet muddled space-rock efforts for the straightforward hard rock brand we know as UFO. With Ten Years After bassist Leo Lyons as producer they did an album that more or less laid the ground for the classic sound. Pieces of melodic hard rock like Too Young To Know and Oh My are the place for great gems here as is the more lightweight albeit highly entertaining Crystal Light and ballad Space Child which show the band might not be ready to totally abandon their psychedelic conceptual tunes. They kick it into the gear though on two tracks that would go on to be classics: Rock Bottom and Doctor Doctor. Although  more familar to those on UFO's classic live album these early versions are pretty good despite lacking the firey performances found on the live record.The band come off as quite innocent and naive throughout the album but thats to be expected and its entirely welcomed. The Willie Dixon cover Built For Comfort might be the only oddity here but it's the more wistful and acousic Time On My Hands that really comes across as a hidden gem. The single off the album Lipstick Traces might lack a bit of energy as doe certain spots on Queen Of The Deep but that particular track isnt bogged down too much. So space rock influences here and there, this was still the album that transformed UFO into curiosity/product of their time to masters of a genre. The 2008 remastered edition outdoes all previous ones with the German single Give Her The Gun bw/ Sweet Little Thing which arent bad songs at all and some demos particuarly the one of a song called Sixteen as well as it's finished product that was unreleased. All in all this is a must have for any heavy metal/hard rock collection even if UFO might not find their point right away on what would be dubbed their new offical debut album.
B000002H97|4.0|I see things from a different point of view to all those people saying Metallica sold out with this album. Yes, they did, but here's my view:  At my very 12 or 13 years I listened every crap radio threw me. But one day I listened to this \\"radio friendly\\" Metallica song Enter Sandman. It got me at once. I thought \\"man, this is what I really want to listen to from now on. What is this music? What is this group? What else have they made?\\" Sice that day I digged into the roots not only of metal, (I can not say I'm a die-hard metal fan) but into everything rock and good music meant. So, thanks Metallica, for selling out yourselves so I could step into the world of the best music! Your first four albums are just great, your music from Black Album on, it just sucks.
B000FVE3AC|4.0|I did some research on these watches and decided that the INVICTA 3045 Grand Diver had the accuracy and water resistance that I wanted.  About two months ago I ruined a dress watch that leaked snorkeling at the beach and that isn't going to happen again.  This watch is heavy, with a massive frame and only the one stem penetration with the screw in feature should guard against leakage. The only feature that I do not like is the band.  The advertisement states it has a \\"diver's buckle with safety clasp.\\"  If it were not for the safety clasp, there is no way that the closure mechanism would stay closed.  As it is, I just don't have that secure feeling as if it were a manual release.  It is solid, but the finished quality is very poor. There are enough sharp edges on the band and the clasp that I could fillet myself.  It just doesn't look finished.  The band design is very close to the type used by the Seiko Chronograph and I am looking to have it replaced.  Otherwise, the blue face isn't done justice by the photos on the web, it is very brilliant.  It is a keeper, but that band is history, diving helmet or not. Update on that band, it finally broke, the little locking tab snapped off and the watch tried to fall off my wrist. Nobody wants to work on this watch, nobody has a replacement and the Invicta people will gladly ship one to me from Europe for 80 bucks+. Of course this will be the same exact band of poor quality with no positive locking device. Be aware! The watch is still decent, gains 5 minutes each week, but is a solid piece of machinery that is still dry after a day or two at the beach.<br /><br />UPDATE! I have had this for several years now. Still runs a wee bit fast but has never failed me. No repairs and I found a Velcro watchband that works just fine. The only metal band you can put on this is OEM, not cheap and not a high quality bracelet. But I never take this off in the ocean, beaten and scratched it just adds character to a really great timepiece.
B0013J30W2|3.0|I had absolutely no expectations when I saw WANTED.  I actually liked it very much.  I wanted to like it even more.  But somehow, my suspension of disbelieve can only take so much of a beating before it throws up its hands in frustration and shouts, \\"Oh, come on!\\"<br /><br />I can believe that an insignificant, aimless, sniveling accountant is in reality the son of a great assassin.  I can believe that an elite group of people (including said accountant) have an ability which allows them to see more clearly, more precisely, more focused, and to experience time more slowly.  I can believe that said accountant is one of these rare people, and that in a few weeks he can be completely trained as a world class assassin.  I can believe in a 1000 year old \\"Fraternity of Assassins\\" who kill people for a common good, thus shaping our destiny.  I can even believe in a bath of miracle wax which enables the human body to heal at an amazing rate, and that the assassins can bend bullet trajectories.  I can believe in quite a lot, actually.<br /><br />But when it turns out that these assassins get their kill orders from an ancient weaving loom, The Loom of Destiny, which mysteriously weaves a cloth containing a binary code that translates into the names of their impeding targets, my suspension of disbelief curls up in a corner and starts drooling.  For me, apparently, it is just too much to take.<br /><br />In most respects, WANTED is a very entertaining, fun, action-pack evening.  Morgan Freeman, Angelina Jolie, and James McAvoy all do a fine job.  The supporting characters are quirky and interesting, and the plot actually works pretty well.  The pacing is great, and the tension builds and builds, never stopping.  The special effects are just plain cool.  Overall, WANTED makes for quite an exciting evening.<br /><br />But even in a clear cut fantasy, such as this, I still want to believe, to be drawn into the story.  And the Loom of Destiny was just more than I could handle.  Once the Loom was introduced, I was abruptly wrenched out the world of the story.  And, disappointingly, I never got completely back in.  Too bad.<br /><br />For all of its faults, I still recommend WANTED.  It is fun.  It is entertaining.  It just isn't believable.<br /><br />Oh, and P. S.  No rats were harmed in the making of this film.abruptly wrenched out the world of the story.  And, disappointingly, I never got completely back in.  Too bad.    For all of its faults, I still recommend WANTED.  It is fun.  It is entertaining.  It just isn't believable.    Oh, and P. S.  No rats were harmed in the making of this film.
0316113077|5.0|i was given this book by a friend who believes it contains the \\"best ever\\" recipe for red velvet cake. i have made many and find them ironically either too oily or too dry. this one is quite good, i admit, albeit not the best ever. in any event, the cooking time was wrong! having done a considerable amount of baking myself, i knew i would not need to bake 3 9-inch cakes for 45 minutes. i set my timer for 30 minutes and bingo, that was perfect. had you not known that? bummer!
B0000A7W14|5.0|Boyz N The Hood is considered by many as the definitive \\"Hood\\" movie and is even more astounding to learn that Writer & Director John Singleton was only 23 when this was released. The greatest aspect of this movie is that it's a film about acceptance when focusing around the main character Tr&eacute;. He's a representative for those of us who have all told lies about our lives simply to fit in with the crowd. We can all relate to the Tr&eacute; character which is what is easily one of the main reasons for this films popularity.<br /><br />Set in South Central L.A. \\"Boyz N The Hood\\" focuses around three friends with very different aspirations in life.<br /><br />\\"Doughboy\\" played by Ice Cube is a man who's become the typical kid growing up in the hood and succumbed to the Drink, Drugs and crime.<br /><br />\\"Ricky Baker\\" played by Morris Chestnut is the all American athlete who's looking to win a sports scholarship to USC and make something of his life.<br /><br />\\"Tr&eacute; Styles\\" played by Cube Gooding Jr. is the kid in the middle being pulled by both sides. Tr&eacute; is lucky enough to have a father who's showing him to do what is right and always take responsibility for his actions.<br /><br />In this film, while in the hood with his old school friends, Tr&eacute; is seriously confused about where his life is going. Although his father is teaching him about the right way to live his life, Tr&eacute; is being pulled by \\"Doughboy\\" to follow the hood lifestyle which is glorified by \\"Doughboys\\" code of honour. This is truly realistic piece and as an early role for both Ice Cube and Cuba Gooding this was a great way to start an acting career. This is easily Singletons greatest work with which he has yet to gain the same level of success. It's an enjoyable movie that every film fan can sit and watch all the way through. This isn't a typical genre specific movie, so if you're not usually a fan of the \\"Hood\\" type movies then don't worry it's not the typical \\"Hood\\" movie
B00005A46T|4.0|I bought this album a couple weeks after it came out. Left behind was decent, and I was really into the new metal fad going on at the time. Since then, I've gotten into black metal, death metal, deathcore, and pretty much any type of metal you can imagine. From someone who listens to it all, I have to say that first off, this can not at all be classified as numetal, secondly, I think it's probably the best album they ever did. They just wanted to put something out that was brutal and violent, and I think they did a pretty good job. Again, I'm just stating what is my opinion and hope no one thinks that I'm trying to convince people to buy it.
0307269191|2.0|I have read about half of Murakami's novel and love them all for their unique perspective and deep insight. With the caveat that I am not a long distance runner, I found this book disappointing. It is very mundane compared to Murakami's other writing.  I would recommend any of his novels over this book.
B00127R7JM|5.0|(English)  In a few words, it's clearly the best metal album in 2008. There are great runner-ups: Leviathan, Lair of the Minotaur, Arsis, Draconian, Testament and Ayreon have made amazing efforts, but Ihsahn's AngL combines sensibility with strength, making it an accesible head-blowing masterpiece. His black metal heritage is there, although in a more mature and elegant way, and the lyrics are blasphemous yet intelligent. If you're still not conviced to buy this album, just listen to \\"Unhealer\\", his collaboration with Mikael Akerfeldt from Opeth. No doubt, we're in front of one of the greatest musicians of our time.    (Espanol)  En pocas palabras: es sencillamente el mejor album de 2008. Hay grandes finalistas: Leviathan, Lair of the Minotaur, Arsis, Draconian, Testament y Ayreon produjeron obras impresionantes, pero AngL de Ihsahn mezcla perfectamente fuerza y sensiblidad, convirtiendolo en una obra maestra que, aunque te volara la cabeza, lo hara de manera accesibe. Su ruda herencia blackmetalera esta presente, pero con madurez y elegancia, y las letras, aunque son blasfemas, son inteligentes. Y si aun no estan convencidos de comprar el album, tan solo escuchen \\"Unhealer\\", su colaboracion con Mikael Akerfeldt de Opeth. Sin duda, estamos ante uno de los mas grandes compositores de nuestra era.
B000LC4CVA|2.0|I was so disappointed with Journey.  It had completely lost touch with what made the earlier Celtic Woman so attractive to me.  The individual voices of each of the performers were really lost in this production.  Between the background singer and the orchestra, it really destroyed the very thing that made them so attractive to me.  So very sad.
B000005RFQ|5.0|Granted, this album should've been called Deep Sabbath.  Despite having lommi playing, hearing Gillan sing with a virtuoso like Tony lommi, the sounds conjure up Deep Purple.  Sure being a ''Black Sabbath'' album it has the darker themes that go with being a Black Sabbath release.  But Gillan's operatic voice dwarfs that of 0zzy's and Dio's.  Then again, just about everything dwarfs Ronnie James Dio (tee-hee).    Despite having been written almost a quarter century ago, ''Digital Bitch'' is even more relavent now than it was then.  ''Trashed'' has the theme as ''Snowblind'' did years before and ''Zero The Hero'' shows lommi at his best.    As a reviewer mentioned before, ''Hotline'' could've fit on any Purple album that Gillan was on, both during their 7O's heyday as well as the 8O's reunion era. And ''Born Again'' is an epic tale that was Sabbath of any era.      Too bad this album is but a footnote in Sabbath's as well as Gillan history.  lt's kept me warm for over 2O years.
B00005JLD4|5.0|I was amazed at how much I could relate this powerful, beautifully-told story to our history here in North America, where there are still elders in Indian Country who experienced the same thing, being taken from their parents and forced to stay in boarding schools designed to \\"kill the Indian, save the child.\\" So much was the same, the forced assimilation, the forbidding of using native language, the forced religion, the brainwashing into thinking that the assimilated aboriginal is better and more intelligent than the non-assimilated. So much is similar that I wish there was more relationship between Australia's \\"stolen generation\\" and First Nations people who survived boarding schools and their descendants.<br /><br />Acting was top-notch from the three girls who had never before acted--particularly Everlyn Sampi, who is clearly a natural method-actor as the director says in the excellent making-of featurette on the DVD (which also includes a great commentary). The photography is gorgeous, really managing to capture the soul of the outback with respect and almost a sort of love. Amazingly unsentimental and never melodramatic--which is quite an accomplishment for such a dramatic, challenging story. And, while there is heartbreak, this manages to ultimately be a feel-good movie...the kind that stays with you. I don't know anyone who's seen it who didn't enjoy it.<br /><br />While the subject matter is difficult, I think this would be quite appropriate for families and the classroom. None of the material would be too much for kids, and there's no language or anything else that parents would find questionable.
B000OHZKCM|5.0|This disc made my wife very happy. It's every song from the film \\"Dirty Dancing\\" in the order that the songs played in the film. Formerly these songs were broken up into two CDs, \\"Dirty Dancing\\" and \\"More Dirty Dancing\\" (not to be confused with \\"Dirty Dancing II: Havana Nights). The bonus DVD is a nice addition, if not essential. Fans of the film won't be disappointed, and audiophiles won't be either, the remastering of the older doo-wop tracks is quite well done here.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Pixar is in a league all its own. WALL-E for me is its pinnacle. I don't know how they are going to top themselves after this movie. I completely enjoyed this movie. I laughed, I cried, and I felt like I was child again. The artistry of this movie is phenomenal. The story rivets you. It takes your emotions on a roller coaster ride. You can't help but to fall in love with the characters. WALL-E is not human and yet he demonstrates the full range of human qualities. He displays all the best of humanity. His enchantment with all of the novelties we take for granted endears him so profoundly to us. When he find the jewelry box and throws away the ring and keeps the box, so clearly let us see his childlike fascination with the simple things. This movie is so worth seeing over and over again, even with the cost of going to the movies. Anyone who doesn't have a heart will not fully appreciate WALL-E. I can't wait for it to come out on DVD. I am going to buy one to view and one to treasure.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|I watched this movie with my eleven-year-old granddaughter, and both of us enjoyed it immensely. The acting is excellent, and the story is both humorous and sometimes sad. In other words, the screenplay does a nice job of portraying the realities of life that affect each of us today, even though the movie is set in the early 20th century.    For children, and even adults, the movie teaches about life and social mores in a bygone era, especially about the limited opportunities that were available to women at that time. Beatrix Potter was able to break down many barriers in her lifetime, and left us the wonderful gift of her books which are as beloved by children today, as during her own lifetime.    I definitely believe that many of the challenges that Beatrix faced in her lifetime are still being faced by women today. This movie portrays the triumph of Beatrix's own life story in a way that can give hope and inspiration to women both young and old, and should be shared with those that you love. A wonderful movie!
B0012QCZ54|1.0|This a typical hollywood movie trying to lure in younger crowds by making a movie about people who know how to dance and throwing tons of sexuality into it. How come they can't lure teens into movie theaters by coming up with something more interesting and intelligent? Ok, so what the characters in this movie can dance?!!! Then we have to endure some crappy storyline thrown in about a couple of characters who fall in love. These kind of movies are getting old.
B0000033K2|5.0|This edition is really great but unfortunately have deffects of issued. the CD1 have jumps and silents on differents songs. I have received both from Amazon, a second one in replacement of first I have requested and both are in same condition. Really sad because it is a great Coltrane edition.    Gabriel Borrajo
B000QUUD60|5.0|The remade That's the Way It Is, using lots of footage shot for the original but unused at the time, is a fantastic experience, which shows Elvis at his peak.  He looks and sounds fabulous.      The documentary begins with a riveting concert excerpt, then takes us back to preparations, first in Los Angeles (July 1970) and then Las Vegas (August).      The excitement builds as rehearsals take place, and the International Hotel's main showroom is readied for the big opening.  During all of this, we hear a wide range of great music and get to share the interaction between Elvis and his support musicians and vocalists.      Then, the performance itself - a stunning, mesmerising tour de force which showcases not only the man's great talent but his charm and charisma.  This is clearly shown in the faces and reactions of the audience, especially when Elvis leaves the stage and walks around the aisles, obviously enjoying himself.  Indeed, his sense of fun runs like a thread throughout the movie and helps make it a wonderfully complete experience.     That's the Way It Is should not be missed.
B00023B1LC|5.0|Good movie ... great series.  Get all three.  Action packed.  Will watch it again.
B0016HNOXQ|5.0|Revisiting themselves, this band make a fresh and sharp look to this new era of boredom nihilism
B000AYEL6U|5.0|What can you say about a movie that touches on every aspect of life..I was sad when it was over there was so much more I wanted to know.. This is a great movie and book for anyone who loves these period pieces.. Richard Armitage isn't bad to look at either. I think we need to keep an eye out for him, great actor..you can check him out in the Vicar of Dibley and Robin Hood..but you can't beat him as Mr.Thorton..
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|I didn't. The movie snob in me wanted to stick my nose up at it, but I just couldn't.     Summary: Rob is leaving for Japan (hee GODZIRRA!) and Lily, his brother Jason's girlfriend, is throwing him a surprise going away party. Rob is in love with Beth, a girl he's been FRIENDS with since college - but are on the outs (watch the movie if you want to know why.) Beth leaves the party, cue big bangs and explosion, running and screaming, a glimpse of the monster and me feeling just a tad freaked out. Rob, Lily, Marlena, and Hud (your camera man for the evening) go off to save Beth - because that's what Rob wants, and he's kind of a big deal in this movie.     Why I liked this movie?   *The monster was actually very well done, and REAAAALY freaking scary looking.   *The hand held camera didn't bug me at all. I don't see why people are complaining about it. Maybe I'm used to watching home videos and youtube videos.   *I like what J.J.A. is trying to do (giving the US their own Godzilla).   *I actually watched the Extra features and have more of an understanding & appreciation for what they were going for.   *Unlike Blair Witch, it wasn't pretentious.   *The special effects were really great.     What I didn't like:   *The acting wasn't great. The only character I actually liked was Hud.   *I think there were other good story angles that could've been used that weren't so cliched as \\"going to save the woman I love!\\"   *Because of the overlapping of the video, the very first part of the film was a bit confusing. Note! Pay attention to the date at the bottom of the screen.   *In an effort to make the film feel a little \\"post-apocalyptic\\" you get no extra information than what is provided on the home video. This left me kind of frustrated at the end.   *The love story was LAME. Would've done better if they focused more on the comedy and action.     It was okay for what it was. I hated BWP & Godzilla 98 - but I enjoyed this. I was entertained - I'm not afraid to say it! The monster put knots in my stomach. Ugly mofo. If there's a sequel I'll see...probably at the $1 show though. Heck I didn't even buy this DVD, my mom gave it to me.
031606792X|5.0|I understand the bad reviews, but I feel they're mostly undeserved.<br /><br />\\"SPOILERS, DO NOT READ UNLESS YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS\\"<br /><br />The book was exellent, and Bella and Edward had a great ending together.  Of course, no one liked Bella having a child so early in life, but it was the only chance she was going to get, people.<br /><br />Also, Reneesmee's name killed the book for a lot of people, but SM chose it for a reason, because of its uniqueness.<br /><br />That doesn't mean I wish that they would have simply named her after Edward's mother Elizabeth though.<br /><br />That was the only thing I didn't like about the book, besides the whole 'nomands and other vampires going off and eating harmless humans while living with the Cullens thing', and the 'Jacob imprinting on his former lovee's INFANT thing'.<br /><br />I'm glad we found out about Alec.  But I wish we could have found out about Embry, and that Bella's relationship with her father had been drawn out more.
B001B7CNXI|5.0|This is as good as it gets.  But it isn't flashy in all the right (read; wrong) ways, so it didn't make it.  This movie had me smiling from beginning to end.  My only complaint is that Colin's hair is so red-necky that it just didn't fit the character in my eyes.  I was a huge fan of the TV show and take absolutely no offense to the movie being so different.  This isn't one of the goofy action movies people like to call gritty now-a-days, this is crime at it's best, period.
B00011CZRE|5.0|Se7en is a film about 2 detectives trying to solve a murder case where the killer is executing people who he thinks have committed the 7 deadly sins. This thriller will keep you on the edge of your seat and has the best ending/climax that I have ever seen. This film will also act as a moral compass and make you think about your own beliefs about life, death, and sin. highly reccamended.
0201633612|5.0|The concept of design patterns transcends programming languages. If you wish to think \\"outside the box\\" yet be effective and efficient, either this book will provide the answer or help you think in ways that you can develop our own design. A must read.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I knew there was a musical called wicked that came out fairly recently but I didnt take much notice to it until this year.  I live in Los Angeles and saw a few commericals on tv. The commercial had a clip of the song Popular. I thought it was kind of catchy so I downloaded the soundtrack.  Except for popular, I didnt like any of the other songs.  I then started watching some clips of the play on youtube and started to really like other songs such as defying gravity and the wizard and I.<br /><br />I'm not sure why I didnt like it at first,maybe because I didnt know what was going on at first, but now I love almost the whole thing, except for some of the crowd songs. In the last 3 months or so, I've become a huge fan of everything wicked. I saw the play a couple weeks ago.  I bought the soundtrack, the behind the scenes book, and plan to see the play again soon. give it a try I hope you like it as much as I do.  The original cast is really good, I wish I could of seen it with Idina Menzel, the original witch.
B00005JPO1|5.0|I don't understand this!    We've seen now for months and months, fans and crtics along just beating the heck of Indy 4. And why?    Let's look at some of my favorite excuses.    Excuse #1   - It had two much CGI?    Answer:  So what?  If the only reason you can find why you didn't like this amazing flick, is because of some CGI gophers, why are you watching movies in the 21st century anyhow?   I'll instantly agree that I am not a fan of CGI in any length, but to say that it completely ruins a movie, c'mon people!    I will assume that if that's the case, you musta completely hated, Peter Jackson's King Kong, The Lord Of The Rings, Spiderman I-III ect...  If you go back and watch the initally dvd remaster of Temple of Doom, you really see just how bad some of the effects are, you can see how fake they are.    That excuse if for the lame, who can't have an orginal thought.    Excuse #2 - The plot was unbelievable.    Answer:  Why, cause it had a somewhat Alien / supernatural story line?  What do you call the spirits coming out of the ark at the end of raiders, and the supernatural aspects of the last crusade.  With the times, the stories and characters have to experience so sort of growth, and as viewers we need to suspend dis-belief.  Apply this to very movie you've ever seen.      Excuse #3 - Well I can't believe the beginning, there is no way Indy would survive climbing into a fridge to survive an atomic blast.    Anwwer:  Geez, just as lame as excuse 1.   We've seen worse!   What's more believeable this, or Indy being chased by a giant bolder thru caves and forests.  I think Weird Al said it best, well, filmed it best with the parody in his film - UHF.    The point to all of this, the characters are great, you saw this movie, cause you loved the others, and the characters.  The latest installment is true to the others in tone, content, acting, and fun.    Shame on all how trash this movie, cause I don't think you're really a fan of the original series anyhow.A fan boy said to me recently about this movie  \\" you can't love blindly \\"    and I replied, yes you can, we do it every day \\"
0060005424|5.0|I was initially alittle put off by this book just due to it's size.  However, once I begin reading it, there was no turning back.  Like the first book, Sabriel, it's a very deep story and more than worth the time and read.  I immediately loved the Disreputable Dog much more than Mogget.  I was disappointed in Sameth as the book progressed but begin liking him more towards the end.  The ending of this book left me hanging needing to read the next book just to see what happens.  If you enjoy good fantasy filled with magic and loveable characters, this is the series for you.
B00005N5S5|5.0|This movie is just a year younger than me, but even after all of these years, this movie still holds up today. The suspence and pacing of the film is amazing and watcing it the 30th time is just as fun as watching it the first. You gotta give credit to Arnold, he is probably the best cyborg on screen ever. A lot of the praise goes to Schwarzenegger, but Micahel Biehn makes for an excellent hero as Kyle Reese. His dialogue and scenes like when he is being interrogated by the police make the movie. I have to admit that the end of the movie when we see the Terminator as his true skeletal self, it still gives me the creeps. Just him walking and almost making it through the door before they close it is really terrifying. Overall, you just can't go wrong with this movie because it will never get old.
B0002858YS|5.0|I love this CD. Buy this CD (you probably already have).  I was living under a rock in 2004 and totally missed the best album of the decade thus far.  I cannot say enough about the Killers debut album, it is AMAZING.
B0017R5UAA|4.0|I'm a huge fan of Midlake.  Like that band, FF is exploring 70's harmonies, and analog recording techniques and instruments. As some others have said here, the songs sometimes go on a bit longer than they ought to. Many of the tracks have a fine sense of building drama to them, but the band errs by drawing some of the tracks into an unneeded closing quiet section.  And it is not great that sometimes the band is singing off-key -- not often but its noticeable and regretable.  Still I REALLY admire the band's musical direction and look forward to hearing a lot more from them. Midlake trumps them in virtually every way but that doesnt mean FF isnt making interesting music.
B0007PALZ2|4.0|Sci-fi thriller.  Bruce Willis does a great job.  The end will blow you away.
1401207510|1.0|The reason I bought this is was as a completionist. A huge ripoff by DC. DC owes the purchasers a vey substantial apology. Have never felt so ripped off in my 40 years of collecting.
B0009UC7H0|5.0|This film is a great one to kick back after a hard days work and simply have fun, relieving the stress from the day. Matthew McConaughey has a great spirit of simply enjoying life, and he portrays that well in SAHARA.
B000JMKRKC|5.0|I loved this novel so much, that I was heartbroken to find no other books by this author! I will definitely buy whatever she writes!
B000YAG00A|5.0|This stands the test of time well. More than 20 years after its release, there are few better films that demonstrate the horror of war. Whether Kubrick was anti-war I don't know, however this certainly gives that impression.<br /><br />Told largely from the point of view of Private 'Joker', who once in combat wears a peace symbol (better know in the UK as the CND symbol) on his uniform. I suspect this wouldn't be allowed....<br /><br />The first half of the films deals with the new recruits brutal training, and those who aren't up to the training can only expect humiliation and brutality. Private 'Pile' is the example in this film, who suffers greatly and eventually cracks.<br /><br />The second half of the film deals mainly with one platoons attempt to deal with an enemy sniper. Prior to this we are shown the long periods of boredom that soldiers have to deal with. However when the combat comes it is nightmarish in the extreme.<br /><br />This is all wonderfully filmed by Kubrick, with the training camp scenes and the shattered Vietnam like town near the end being memorable highlights. R Lee Ermey steals the acting honours without actually acting! As Gny Sgt Hartman he is perfectly cast for one very good reason. He served 11 years in the Marine Corps. He totally dehumanises the recruits, which of course you have to do if they are to become good soldiers.<br /><br />If I had one criticism of the film its that sometimes it was little to clinical in the messages it sent out about the horrors of war - maybe preachy is a better way of saying it. I agree with many of its sentiments, however it might have been a better film without so much of that element.<br /><br />This doesn't detract though, from what is still one of the great war movies. Add in the commentary track as a bonus and its easily worth 5 stars.
0345442970|3.0|Overall, I enjoyed the story.  It was a good explanation of events leading to The Phantom Menace.  There were unexpected plot twists that eventually pulled me into it, but it took over 100 pages to get there.  I think the main reason is that the descriptions were very bare bones.  I life for stories to paint a vivid picture, but all I got was a basic sense of things.  In order to care what is happening, it helps to care about the characters, and this story really didn't make me feel any connection to them.  If I hadn't seen The Phantom Menace, I probably would've stopped reading the book.  There are other better Star Wars books out there--of the approximately 10 I've read, this was my least favorite.
0385339682|4.0|After giving up on John Grisham's books as all being rehashings of the same plot (I hadn't read one in a decade) I picked this up in a used book store on a whim.  I was looking for something easy to read and predictable (something Grisham usually supplies) but instead found a thought-provoking, well paced book that exceeded all my expectations and made me remember why I liked A Time to Kill so much that I read 6 more of his books hoping he'd live up to it. Well, he finally has.  The Last Juror is a study in the changes that have affected small town America (particularly the southern part).  From forced integration and busing to an analysis of the impact of a thinly disguised Wal-Mart this book manages to be fair and judicious.  I can see Grisham's own political opinions and leanings but he somehow manages to be respectful of those whose politics differ from his own.  That's a gift. As I was reading the book I recognized Harry Rex and Lucian from having read about them almost 20 years ago.  To be able to create characters that stay in the memory that long is also a gift.  I hope he keeps it up, I just might buy another of his books if he does.
B000Q66PXE|4.0|While (as some have pointed out) not historically accurate as purists may like, it still gives a fairly accurate (I believe) insight into life in Rome at that time. Of course it won't be perfectly accurate - otherwise it would be a history lesson rather than a TV series.    Most enjoyable and wish they would continue.
B001B71NOI|4.0|Over the years NIN career has been hit or miss albums... mostly the latter.  But with this latest addition to the catalouge he takes his song writing back to basics to create a solid collection of industrial rock that can be danced to, head banged to, or simply listened to.  With the exceptions of a two songs sounding a little too similar and an overly long ambient track, this is the most fun you'll have listening to an album for a while....
B00008EPSD|4.0|[[ASIN:B000002JSJ Presence]]<br /><br />This is a no brainer for Zeppelin fans, you must have this! This album was all page. With Robert Plant in a wheel chair from his crash, Jimmy Page put this album together in only 16 days. The riffs are unforgetable and with pure Led Zeppelin energy.
0385340990|4.0|The epistolary novel, in less skilled hands, doesn't always come off. The form works beautifully here. The authors convey empathetic feeling through letters, fleshing out characters and delivering a compelling plot. An impressive effort, and I only hope the authors produce more fiction.
031606792X|4.0|I was afraid to read this book because I really liked the first three and then I read so many negative comments about this one. I enjoyed it - maybe not as much as the first three  - they were more romantic but this book was still pretty good.
B0012QE4Q2|2.0|Forget buying The Other Boelyn.  A better choice is Anne of the Thousand Days.  The story is told with a far superior script, and cinematography.  Richard Burton as King Henry VIII is outstanding.  Eric Bana's performance pale's in comparison.  An extra reason is that the outstanding movie Mary, Queen of Scots is included on a second DVD.  It is a real bargain.
0446677450|4.0|This book was a real eye opener. I knew allot of the advice but hadn't thought of it in the way the author told us. Great helpful book.
0812550706|5.0|I had to read this book for my AP Literature class in 12th grade. I found this to be my favorite of all 5 books we had to read. This novel is not only a spectacular example of science fiction, but it is also an examination of the human spirit, humans as a species, how much control one has over one's life, and children. I thought Card did an interesting job of casting away the typical stereotypes by presenting children in a very mature light.     For those of you who are reading this to learn about the plot, this is the story of a young boy whose \\"destiny\\" is to save the human race from the buggers, an alien race that is trying to wipe out humanity. Ender trains in Battle School, led by the IF, and in the process, learns more about himself. I won't spoil the ending, but remember that not everything is always as it seems.
0553582038|4.0|This was probably my favorite book in the series.  It may not of had as much action as A Storm of Swords, but I loved how it focused on the rest of the realm rather than all of the main characters.    The only problem is that he stated in the book that he had to cut the book in half because it was getting too long, so the book ending left me a little unsatisfied.  In the end he stated that there was a goal to have the next book published by 2006, and its almost 2009 with no official release date.      I have no idea what's taking so long for the next book to come out, but please come out soon!
0743277708|5.0|This is a great book for everyone who enjoy well written stories. A young bunny with the talent of prophesy and his sister who act on his promptings. It has the culture of this enchanting creatures, couple with instruction to understand it better. A well done, good to learn about life and what to do when problem arise book, and it will be for many years to come.<br />Anna del C.<br />Author of \\"The Elf and the Princess\\"<br />and \\"Trouble in the Elf City\\"<br />[[ASIN:1432713353 The Elf and The Princess: The Silent Warrior Trilogy - Book One (The Silent Warrior Trilogy)]]
B0001IN07Q|1.0|This stuff is junk. The Sinatra and Bennett catalogs are still available for a reson. Please, youth of America  - Listen to the originals!!
1405077131|5.0|This a great story that kept me hook from the beginning. The story of this woman who felt in love with a widow and marry him, take you to his home and an evil housekeeper. It is intense and you won't see the ending not matter how you try. A great mystery, well worth your time.<br /><br />Anna del C.<br />Author of \\"The Elf and the Princess\\"<br />and \\"Trouble in the Elf City\\"<br />[[ASIN:1432713353 The Elf and The Princess: The Silent Warrior Trilogy - Book One (The Silent Warrior Trilogy)]]
0385340990|5.0|Take this heartwarming journey to Guernsey, where you will meet characters  both lovable and brave, and also a bit quirky. The reader understands what Juliet doesn't see until the end: Mark is all looks and no substance, Dawsey is in love with her and, eventually, she with him, Guernsey is where she belongs, and Elizabeth is the center for her next book. With a blend of history, a glimpse at the Nazi soldier's varied personalities, and the horrors of the war, this book has everything for a great summer beach read, a fall evening spent by a fireplace, or any other time a person needs an excellent read. I loved it.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I saw the movie and immediately bought the soundtrack; it is the feel good movie of the summer!  The songs are the same versions you hear in the movie, including all of Pierce Brosnan's warblings :)  This is a great track for cruising around enjoying those balmy summer nights!
B0017MO10U|5.0|This movie goes back to what made Stargate great in the first place. Well worth buying. Hope they keep making more.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|I only wish there had been a few more songs. I look forward to hearing more from Duffy.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I actually really enjoyed the video and felt it was well done.  It was a great workout and i liked the different levels.  A word of caution- after doing the video for 4 days in a row my knees and ankles were killing me.  I have a history of knee pain and had to stop running because of it.  This video using jumping type exercises (butt kicks, jumping jacks, etc.)as its primary source of cardio in the \\"cardiac interval.\\"  One of the girls does the lower impact version, but i found this did not provide as tough of a workout as a I wanted and still left me with hurting knees. If you have bad knees like me this video may not be for you.  But good quality video, 4 stars.
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn.....everyone keeps talking about how they hated it and it ruined the series, but I loved it. I think the prgnancy and imprinting were a great way to close out the Jake/Bella tortured friendship thing. I just wanted to say that all these bads reviews are totally wrong in my opinion.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|This soundtrack is superb.  I don't normally like remakes of popular music, but everyone does a wonderful job with these songs.  It is very upbeat and truly a feel-good soundtrack.
031606792X|1.0|To me, it doesn't even deserve one star. I feel like I need to mourn, to grieve. I'm trying so hard not to feel the entire saga is now ruined for me, but at the moment it is. I'm not even excited about the movie right now because now I know the ending. Maybe in time I'll get over the disappointment. Right now I just feel so let down.<br /><br />Three golden eggs we had, I have never been so affected by 3 beautifully written books in my entire life and I've read the classics. Then Breaking Dawn came and it should have taken me to the next and final level, instead it left me angry, annoyed and wondering where the heck Stephenie was when this was written.<br /><br />The problem I had with the book was she never had any depth really. I was left with such emotion from Eclipse. Jacob's heart broken, a piece of her heart falling off after their kiss. A triangle of love so beautifully entwined I counted the days to get our closure. It never came the way I expected it to. I'm still in shock over Breaking Dawn.<br /><br />I almost want to hope for a do over.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn just fell flat. I kept saying over and over again where did Stephenie Meyers go? This wasn't her writing at all.<br /><br />This is just my own opinion, but I started to get an uneasy feeling when she was out promoting The Host. Her comments that it's hard to edit Breaking Dawn. Her head was with the characters of The Host. The poor girl I think was so pushed to finish, to get it out, to get The Host out, to book tour, to see production of the movie we lost out. If she would have held off on The Host, took her time with this I think it would have been her writing. Even the editing is horrid. I found a lot of mistakes.<br /><br />Bella never wanted kids yet she seemed to be eh, okay so I'll have a kid. Then I never got the sense of her being a mother. Everyone else in the book was holding, caring for Nessa. And how I missed everyone. I just missed the depth of conversations and emotional love from the other books that swept me away. I wanted my heart strings pulled. They weren't.<br /><br />I knew Alice didn't just leave so that was VERY lame. Did Stephenie really believe as fans we'd think Alice and Jasper would bail on the Cullens? That annoyed me and it made me miss them. They should also have been in the almost battle, especially Jasper. He would not have stayed away according to Eclipse.<br /><br />I kept thinking Breaking Dawn would be equal if not even above the rest. This is going to mean something to us. Nothing really flowed from the other 3 books to continue into Breaking Dawn. All the way through I missed Edward, Alice, Jasper, even Jacob. No one seemed to be the same characters. I even missed Bella cause this person wasn't her. And really how lame was it that Charlie is told in such a fluff way that he's left with don't ask, don't tell. A father??? A cop???<br /><br />Don't get me started with the drawn out almost battle scene. So much could have been done. Instead we get \\"oh okay the baby is half human, cya!\\" Huh? I can't tell you how many times I went to toss this book into a wall, but I kept hoping, even to the end Stephenie wouldn't let us down. But alas, she did BIG TIME.<br /><br />The imprinting was kind of cool. I didn't see that coming, but I felt that there was no feel for Bella and Edward as parents. Ness was passed around and awed at. We got a happy ending, but I don't feel I got closure so I will let it end with Eclipse and make my own ending.<br /><br />Those that haven't read it, skip it. Stay with the 3 great books and form your own ending, anything is better than the one Stephenie gave us. Shame on you Stephenie. You sold yourself out with book tours etc. Should have taken your time. This was the book we all cared about, waited for. You did yourself and your fans a disservice.my heart strings pulled. They weren't.     I knew Alice didn't just leave so that was VERY lame. Did Stephenie really believe as fans we'd think Alice and Jasper would bail on the Cullens? That annoyed me and it made me miss them. They should also have been in the almost battle, especially Jasper. He would not have stayed away according to Eclipse.     I kept thinking Breaking Dawn would be equal if not even above the rest. This is going to mean something to us. Nothing really flowed from the other 3 books to continue into Breaking Dawn. All the way through I missed Edward, Alice, Jasper, even Jacob. No one seemed to be the same characters. I even missed Bella cause this person wasn't her. And really how lame was it that Charlie is told in such a fluff way that he's left with don't ask, don't tell. A father??? A cop???     Don't get me started with the drawn out almost battle scene. So much could have been done. Instead we get \\"oh okay the baby is half human, cya!\\" Huh? I can't tell you how many times I went to toss this book into a wall, but I kept hoping, even to the end Stephenie wouldn't let us down. But alas, she did BIG TIME.       The imprinting was kind of cool. I didn't see that coming, but I felt that there was no feel for Bella and Edward as parents. Ness was passed around and awed at. We got a happy ending, but I don't feel I got closure so I will let it end with Eclipse and make my own ending.     Those that haven't read it, skip it. Stay with the 3 great books and form your own ending, anything is better than the one Stephenie gave us. Shame on you Stephenie. You sold yourself out with book tours etc. Should have taken your time. This was the book we all cared about, waited for. You did yourself and your fans a disservice.
031606792X|5.0|I thought this book was great!!!!  Everyone is talking about how unrealistic things are.  Are we not reading about a love affair with a vampire???  We are so far from reason!!!  JUst enjoy the world she created with the rules she made.     It's her world in those pages accept it for what it was!!!    Love Love Love
B00004XPPC|5.0|An excellent movie. It gives all aspects of the war;those who are gung-ho,those that didn't care for the war, the captured, the japanese,and those tortured. It is a movie that makes you think and just be entertained. I can recommend this movie for everyone. There is a bit of violence but it is done with taste.<br /><br />Ps.There is a book called Ship of Ghosts. It is the true story of this movie.
B0009MAO46|5.0|This movie can be grouped together and receive the same respect as older Disney films. This was the first Computer Animated film by Disney and it will always be my favorite.
B001ECQ6YW|4.0|Personally, I didn't think it was a funny as the trailors made it out to be. My children loved it and thought it was a great movie. They did think it was going to be funnier though. It has a great story of persaverance and courage when the odds are against you.<br /><br />I recommend it for the whole family.
B00168HARG|4.0|The first season of \\"Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles\\" surprised me; I expected the show to piggy back on the movies, be short lived and not be very good. Luckily, I was completely wrong on all counts. \\"Chronicles\\" manages to be engaging, expand on the first three films and be terrifically entertaining. Show developer Josh Friedman (\\"War of the Worlds\\") establishes an identity for the show. The pilot isn't the strongest episode but sets up the story arc for the rest of the series which was what it was intended to do. The good news is that the show improves and becomes VERY good as it goes along.<br /><br />The image quality for the transfer of the Blu-ray looks very good although it isn't perfect. Flesh tones look accurate,with nice, rich blacks. Image clarity and detail is extremely good although edge enhancement crops up on a couple of episodes. Audio sounds quite good with a nice dramatic score and a nice surround mix.<br /><br />Following Sarah Connor(Lena Heady), her son John (Thomas Dekker) and Cameron (Summer Glau) a cyborg sent from the future to protect them the series focuses on their attempts to prevent Skynet from being built. They're also being pursued by a variety of Terminators sent into the past to eliminate them.<br /><br />The set comes with deleted scenes and a number of commentary tracks featuring Friedman, actors Thomas Dekker, Brian Austin Green, Lena Heady Summer Glau and others. The commentary tracks are pretty good like the episodes themselves they improve as they go along although a couple are merely perfunctionary.<br /><br />We also get a gag reel, deleted scenes, a three part documentary on the production of the show that DOES provide us with plenty of behind-the-scenes info about the series. One of the best extras is an extended episode of \\"The Demon Hand\\" (Both a reference to the hand of one of the Terminators AND Harlan Ellison's \\"The Outer Limits\\" episode \\"Demon with A Glass Hand\\" which was one of the inspirations for James Cameron's \\"The Terminator\\". The character of Ellison played by Richard T. Jones is also a tip of the hat to Ellison)which has deleted scenes that gives us information on the childhood of Sarah Connor's character.<br /><br />\\"Chronicles\\" is a well made, well thought out drama and it will be interesting to see how the series develops over the next 22 episodes of season two. If the pilot (which is well made) doesn't impress you give it a chance with the episodes after the first episode as the show starts off quite good and gets exceptional by the end of the nine episodes.<br /><br />3 1/2 stars.e character of Ellison played by Richard T. Jones is also a tip of the hat to Ellison)which has deleted scenes that gives us information on the childhood of Sarah Connor's character.     \\"Chronicles\\" is a well made, well thought out drama and it will be interesting to see how the series develops over the next 22 episodes of season two. If the pilot (which is well made) doesn't impress you give it a chance with the episodes after the first episode as the show starts off quite good and gets exceptional by the end of the nine episodes.     3 1/2 stars.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|The Jonas Brothers are great and so is their new CD.    ja
031606792X|3.0|***SPOILER WARNING***    I'm 21 years old and I personally flew this entire saga and finished all four books in little over a week. A lot of it runs together for me but the story was definitely stronger in the beginning than at the end. I really enjoyed the series but this concluding book was by far the biggest disappointment and such a boring way to end such an interesting star-crossed love story.     First of all, I agree with all of you who have issues with Bella and Edward. Being a girl, I have more problems with Bella's character then I do Edward's. She is so melodramatic and obsessive that I found myself rolling my eyes in response to half of what she'd say. She acts like she's so competent, strong, and level headed but she's the complete opposite...especially when it comes to Edward. Yes, she is madly in love with a gorgeous vampire. We get it. But does that mean that he is the only aspect of her life that matters?! It's a really unhealthy relationship that alot of girls shouldn't be able to relate to. I know I'm voicing what everybody else has already said, but Bella's character flaws are such a recurrent trend in the books that they're hard to ignore. She acts exactly like a child in so many ways, and that fuels my disappointment in the direction Meyer took this last book...    Edward is pretty one dimensional to me...I feel like he would be gorgeous to look at but a pain to be around because he is constantly brooding and is way too overbearing! This love story is kind of a throw back to relationships in the 1800's where the woman's life was completely consumed by her lover, and the man's sole duty was to protect and provide for his woman. It gets pretty old after a while. I guess Midnight Sun might give us a better insight to Edward's life and flesh his character out alittle so that he's not so perfect and predictable.     I enjoy romance/vampire stories so I knew I would like this series...but I was so disappointed with the direction of this book that itdampened my enjoyment. Vampire stories are sexy, dangerous, passionate, and unpredictable. They already decided to get married so that ruins the mood already but the fact that Bella gets pregnant on their honeymoon!? Come on!! Why would she take the book in that direction so suddenly? Bella is only 18 and obviously still very immature and she's already married! That is already alot for a modern woman to digest right there. She could have taken them on so many adventures as a couple and at least dragged out the newly-wed bliss a BIT more. Maybe it's just me but I was so dis-satisfied with Bella getting pregnant that I almost didn't want to finish the book, I was so utterly disappointed.     Meyer picks it up a little bit by the end with the introduction of new vampires and the confrontation with the Volturi...But don't get me started with Jacob imprinting on Renesmee (Such a stupid name, I agree.) because that is just gross, and WAY too perfect. With the way Meyer wrote this book you could easily predict what was going to happen next, because everyone had to have a happy ending no matter how far-fetched it was.     Meyer said she only writes for herself and not her audience and she couldn't make the more apparent with this last book. She is a mom of 3 kids in her mid-thirties? Of course SHE wants her heroine to get married and have kids. But as a young adult..whom this series was supposed to be geared towards, I would never DREAM of getting married OR wanting children at 18 or anytime in the near future! That is not what the majority of young women are thinking about! We love the romance of finding your \\"true\\" love...but that doesn't mean marriage and baby HAS to follow. I know I've used the word disappointing too many times but that is the only word I can really use to describe my feelings about this book. I wish she has done things differently and considered what would please/entertain her readers instead of herself.
031606792X|5.0|What an amazing finale.  I read all 4 books in 5 days and then reread them again slower.  What an amazing finale to an amazing series!
B0000549B0|5.0|This was such a sweet movie that I purchased it as a Father's Day gift for my dad. He loved it too! Great gift idea.
1401207510|1.0|This review pertains only to the Absolute Edition of The Black Dossier.    In comparing the Absolute against the standard edition I found it to have inferior image quality. Here's where the former suffers in comparison with the standard:    The artwork in the Absolute is softer and seems to have poorer color registration than the standard edition. Up-rezzing art to a fairly sizable larger size can definitely provide a challenge, but I find it surprising that 20 year old books like Watchmen and DK look so good in this oversized format, while a book like this which was tagged to be printed in this format from the get-go comes out looking so cheaply done.    The blacks are contaminated and have a milky brown/purple cast. This extends to the linework as well as the text pages. The text and linework should be a separate element which should overprint the process backgrounds, and everything looks great in the standard edition. I'm baffled as to why what seems to be separated into a unique black plate in the standard edition is built from process colors for the Absolute.    The pressman on the Absolute edition really leaned on the magenta. Skin tones are overly pink, and the entire book has an unnatural pink cast. Again, the standard edition looks great.    The bulk of the Absolute's printed on glossy paper, while the standard is on a nicer (though thinner) semi-gloss stock. This is a personal preference, of course, but I'm not a fan of glossy stock and once again prefer the standard edition in this area.    I highly recommend the regular edition of this book, and  I consider it up there with the top comics works released this year.
B000B0WODA|5.0|Franz Ferdinand was very consistent in this album... Wonderful from start to finish, it's a permanent fixture in my ipod now, I could listen over and over. Just makes you want to dance and moves your day along!
B001AW9DKK|3.0|As a big Fan of CSN and CSNY, I am a bit dissapointed in the album, and was expecting more !  Can't win it all !  They are still \\" the fantastic 4\\"  Cheers
B000SM7QUC|5.0|I couldn't be more impressed with Sixx:A.M.'s live performance, since that is often the proving ground of many bands. I have seen 4 other Motley concerts, so I should know that these guys aren't just a spin-off or some disgruntled band member trying to \\"stick it\\" to the rest of the band. The sound was great, and I am happy to say Thanks James, and all the band, for making my son's first concert a wonderful experience. Good luck on the rest of your tour, can't wait to hear more from you!
B000YABIQ6|5.0|This is probably the most well written show since I can't remember when.  The acting is spectacular and truly absorbing.  There are many surprises along the way, ones that you actually don't see coming for a change!  All in all my favourite show on TV right now and it's going to be a very difficult show to ever beat in the future.
B0010ZR160|3.0|A little girl disappears from her run down Boston neighborhood, where Patrick Kenzie grew up and, now in his thirties, has never left. He and girlfriend Angie Gennaro live and work together, and life is good. When this pair of private investigators are asked to find the missing child, they reluctantly agree. But things don't go as hoped. And when Patrick finally uncovers the truth, he faces a moral dilemma that may affect everything he cares about.<br /><br />Gone Baby Gone is based upon a gripping story, but the film somehow lacks the tension that the book itself sustains. The performance of Casey Affleck is too low key, and Michelle Monaghan as Angie has too little to do. Ed Harris, Morgan Freeman, and Amy Ryan are more convincing. Settings, dialog, gritty atmosphere, and cinematography are all well done, and while GBG misses being great, its twists and a surprise ending make it well worth watching. (Heavy doses of profanity in parts.)
0060833459|5.0|I am still reading this book; there are so many insights that I find myself highlighting and writing them down; then I go back to review them over and over.  For the person who wants to be an Effective Executive or just an effective individual I would recommend you read this book.  You can just read this book you have to put the information into practice.  It is a text book for the effective leader in you.  You will go back to it over and over again to ensure you are doing the right things to become more effective.
0380789027|5.0|Neil Gaiman's Smoke and Mirrors is a collection of his short stories and poems.  Like his other short story/poem collection titled Fragile Things, this book too has an introduction with commentary of each of the stories and poems contained within.  For me, this introduction is the best part of the book because of his witty insight and inspirational motivations regarding each story.  Within the introduction also lies another short story unmarked in the table of contents, a pleasant addition to the entire book.<br /><br />Gaiman's approach to style is refreshing and full of lessons to one looking to learn the craft of writing.  Many of the stories, to me, seemed unorthodox, a deviation to a path I thought I was beginning to understand.  His methods are intriguing and entertaining, full of marvelous rewards.  To review each story and poem is beyond the scope of this review but I will highlight a few short stories that appealed to me on many different levels.<br /><br />The Price: An interesting piece about a seemingly stray black cat who turns out to be a guardian of sorts.  The story moves in smooth and fluid motion to a surprise ending.  Enjoyable, to say the least!<br /><br />Troll Bridge: This more elaborate and compelling rendition of the old tale brings a sense of mystery and magic into the shadows of common places.  Gaiman creates a feeling of anxiety in this darker version of the story but closes in the most uncommon of ways.<br /><br />Shoggoth's Old Peculiar: An American backpacker across Britain stumbles into a town never identified on any map.  A step into the Lovecraftian Cthulhu mythos, Gaiman brings the unknown and surreal into beautiful clarity and keeps it practical.<br /><br />Only the End of the World Again: Another step into Lovecraft's famous hidden town of Innsmouth but this time from the eyes of a detective.  Uncovering a plot to raise the great Cthulhu, the investigator, cursed with lycanthropy, moves to thwart their plans.  He discovers that not everyone in Innsmouth can be trusted or ignored.<br /><br />Bay Wolf: A second tale of the Innsmouth werewolf detective who, while vacationing, it seems, in Malibu, is hired to stop some creature from stalking the beach and murdering the Barbie and Kens of this rich resort.  More poem than short story it still reads well and entertains.<br /><br />We Can Get Them for You Wholesale: A tale of a non-confrontational miser trying to live peacefully and without trouble suddenly finds himself hiring a hitman to solve a problem.  But, saving money and getting the better deal turns out to backfire in way I didn't expect.  A very good read.<br /><br />Foreign Parts: This story brings to light an interesting idea about disease.  A man somehow contracts a disease more commonly venereal but ends up having a far different reaction.  Intriguing, and very interesting characterization.<br /><br />Tastings: An erotic tale of a different sort of vampire.  A male gigolo attends to a female client and reveals an interesting secret about himself, never realizing that he isn't the only one with such a secret.<br /><br />Babycakes:  A horrible piece of flash fiction that poignantly reminds us of the depth of depravity mankind could stoop to, implausible, but always having that little spark of \\"What if\\".  Well done!<br /><br />Murder Mysteries:  The coup de grace of this entire book.  The one sole reason I would have gladly paid the entire cover price for.  Murder Mysteries tells of the waking of the angel Raguel whose purpose is to discover the truth of the death of another angel.  Set in heaven long before the world and universe is created, or in actuality being created during this investigation, this tale drives home some very powerful ideas of God, Lucifer, and the celestial balance.<br /><br />A couple other stories were remarkable, such as the poem Queen of Knives, and the story Mouse.  I avoided reviewing most of the poems because of my general lack of comprehension with poem structure, meaning, and imagery.  Again, Murder Mysteries alone justified my purchase of this book, the rest of the stories were entertaining and made the book that much more enjoyable.the rest of the stories were entertaining and made the book that much more enjoyable.
B000002KBU|5.0|I have treasured this album since it was first released.  It captures Joni Mitchell's passionate vision as an artist.  I appreciate the clarity of music, lyrics, and intention.
