B000VZUWZW|5.0|You don't have to be a genius to find this humorous. Although, it does help to know who Stephen Hawking is, the jokes are funny either way.      In a genre that has been lacking lately, this show is a nice surprise.  Naturally, coming from the creator of 2 & a Half Men, low brow, sexually suggestive humor abounds in this comedy about a couple of socially challenged (later pants challenged) braniacs and there oh-so-hot new neighbor.  Some of the humor will fly over the heads of the audience, but that is part of the allure.  This will be a must-watch at MIT and Cal-Tech (keep on dreaming boys). My only concern is that this may get old as the clichés wear out.  The pilot however was spot on...although, for only being a couple of guys, they sure did get a lot of take-out.
B000QUCNP4|3.0|Zodiac directed by David Fincher starts off really well even though the first 30 minutes are the most violent but as the film goes on, the characters become too cluttered and the progression is a bit slow and lackluster. I have always liked Fincher's films but this one doesn't flow well and since the San Franciso Police Department never found out the identity of the Zodiac killer, you kinda expected an ambivalent ending. The use of the song, Hurdy Gurdy Man by Donovan is played many times during the film, and that song is perfect and kept me watching this film the whole way through. There are some great performances by Jake Gyllenhaal and Mark Ruffalo but sadly even their acting can't save this so-so film.
0679746323|4.0|Amidst all the controversy over this book, I can't fault the authors for their claim of Mao's responsibility for 70 million domestic peacetime deaths. That figure is indeed confirmed by the Black Book of Communism, which was written by avowed leftists.    It seems such a short time since it was oh so trendy to be seen carrying around campus a copy of the Chairman's Little Red Book.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|Well I am off the buy a Bootleg copy of the REAL Movie, the one I saw in the Theater ,you know the one that was a double feature with the trailers, Wasn't that the whole idea and what made this movie so much fun,F**k the Weinsteins those Greedy Pigs and shame on Quentin Tarantino's and Robert Rodriguez who should know better, you won't be getting my money.
B000M9BPEY|1.0|Do NOT buy this product if you have a Dual LG player. It will not play. I have purchased two copies of this title, and NEITHER of them will play on this player. All my other Blu-ray titles play fine, however. Very disappointed.
B0000CFW87|5.0|If you haven't heard Josh Groban, what are you waiting for?  His voice is so pleasant and clear.  It is hard to describe his voice, except that he can fit right in with the late Pavoratti, or even Bocelli.  His music has a wonderful blend of drama, sensitivity, sadness, happiness, reverence and joie de vivre. (Joy of life)  I just can't get enough of it!!
B000SNUMC0|3.0|First off let me say this isnt really a slagging review, just a disappoinment. I've been listening to Iced Earth since around 96 or so when the Dark Saga hit, i always thought that was one of the best albums they've ever done and probably still do to this day. Something Wicked was also very good but i got tired of the whole heavy song ballad heavy song ballad formula used on that album, so naturally my interest in the band waned a bit. Horrorshow was decent but lacked a LOT of depth even though there were some very good songs to be heard from the record. So mainly the problem is that since Barlow left the overall \\"sound\\" of the band is just lacking. Ripper is a kick #%#$ singer and i loved him on Jugulator and his solo work, but his efforts with Iced Earth just sound out of place. I can imagine if Megadeth got a Bruce Dickinson type singer how thrown off people would be by the new sound, most people actually would laugh. A band like Metallica \\"of old\\" would have died on the old records if James Hetfield was replaced by someone else, of course now that doesnt matter because they are through anyways.:) So to Framing Armageddon i say  not that shabby just a bit on the stale side with to many mid-tempo songs and repeats of the same types of chorus's throughout the album. So with the last two albums i just have to say uhh they are mediocre at best, and ripper just doesnt cut it, sorry folks, i love both for what they are but i just can't get this to grow on me.:( I wish Matt would come back and Ripper stick with Beyond Fear, that would rock.
1573301183|5.0|Words cant describe how I love this album. The DVD is simply stunning. It puts a smile to my face, yet I really miss Layne.<br /><br />Just get this DVD. It does not matter if your a Alice in Chains fan or not. Its just great music and a really really killer setlist.<br /><br />Rest in Peace Layne.
1416523359|4.0|When I learned about King's first attempt at a love story I was skeptical, wondering how an author who made his fame through mind-bending and horror novels could delve into something as tricky and delicate as relationships. My skepticism further grew when I got the book and looked at the gushing tributes on the back cover. But I received a very pleasant and moving surprise when I cracked open the book and delved into the pages.    Though portrayed as a woman's coming face-to-face with herself as she goes through the memoirs and materials left behind by her late husband Scott, a brilliant writer, \\"Lisey's Story\\" goes beyond a humdrum self-realization story, as well as reflections of a dead husband through a wife's loving eyes.    For one thing, King does an excellent job charting the ups and downs of a 25-year-old marriage, chronicling the ecstasy and angst of a truly loving couple. I liked how the author put warts on both Lisey and Scott; and I liked that Lisey and Scott were both okay with those warts. Neither were perfect, and both tended to get annoyed with the other because of flaws. But it didn't dimish their feelings toward the other. Nor did it impact their own private world, complete with their own special language and understanding, which is the hallmark of any successful relationship.    I also liked how King weaved his trademark concepts into the story, creaing an interesting mix of symbolism and visualization. The \\"Boo'ya Moon\\" concept, for example, provided an ideal metaphor of how a couple builds trust slowly to share innermost selves with one another, knowing they'll be gentle with each other no matter what truth comes out. How a couple, having that trust, can truly share each others' different worlds and bond even closer as a result.    I could have done without some of the blood and guts portion -- I'm still not sure what the character of Jim Dooley had to do with the overall plot other than to bring some \\"horror\\" into the thing, which is why I stopped short of giving this five stars. Otherwise, I found this a wonderful read and a lovely tribute to the concept of long-term unions.
0385340540|3.0|This is not Grisham's best work. He spends way too much time discussing language lessons, and there's not a lot of suspense. He should stick to writing legal thrillers set in Mississippi.
B00028HBKM|5.0|Mel Gibson's Passion is a true masterpiece of modern cinema. Those who disregard it do so because they don't understand that the movie has much in it that the viewer should already know. The movie is meant more to be a meditation than an evangelical message.<br /><br />The discussions of historical accuracy forget that there are things not written in the Gospels. The Gospels were written for evangelism, not to capture every detail. Much of the details have been developed (or culturally remembered) through traditions of the early Church, that Church long before the Schism of 1000, and even longer before the Reformation of the 1500s.<br /><br />The bloodiness and violence are necessary. In a culture desensitized by violence (Saving Private Ryan, multiple slasher films), the cruelty, which only needed to be slightly enhanced -- not invented, was meant to shock the modern audience as part of this meditation.<br /><br />Much of the criticism is analogous to art critics critiquing a Byzantine icon. No perspective. What's with the big golden circle around his head? But to those who understand that it is a vehicle of meditation realize that there is a deeper truth portrayed by this seemingly savage painting.<br /><br />Not a movie for everyday viewing, but for the fortifying meditation of the devout heart.
B00001OH80|2.0|Tonight is widely regarded as Bowie's worst album.  I find it slightly less abysmal, however, than Never Let Me Down.  That's probably because this album has two fantastic moments.  Loving the Alien was classic David Bowie for the 1980s.  It was a pop song laced with the sadness and eccentricies of early Bowie and was coupled with a quirky artistic video (which included a live action shot of the album cover).  The other fantastic song was, not surprisingly, another single.  Blue Jean is a great song that, once again, had an ambitious long form music video that showed Bowie's lighter side.  But two great songs can't make a great album.    The rest of the album suffers from a lack of originality - several songs on here are remakes of Bowie/Iggy Pop collaborations - in a totally emaciated form.  Not even Tina Turner can salvage the title track, robbed of the energy and raw emotion that Iggy Pop had.  Neighborhood Threat is a similar failure.  God Only Knows may just be too obvious a cover song.  It sounds fine, but it's not exactly exciting.  The album suffers from some overly ambitious but somewhat unsuccessful production as well.  There's a presence of a horn section which just sounds out of place on this record.  On Bowie's more soulful outings, they're just fine, but not here.    So here's a mediocre record salvaged by the singles.  For me, it's not quite as bad as Never Let Me Down, but comes very close.  The two bright spots have shown up on various compilations over the years.  Id stick with those.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|This album is wonderful, very eclectic.  Kanye has grown musically and has incoparated a lot of unique sounds.  Sure Kanye samples Elton John, Michael Jackson, Labi Siffre but he does it well. He brings make that old school feel by bringing a new modern day sound to music that other artist' are not doing anymore.  I don't think this is Kanye's best album but he has grown artisticly.  This album is a gem.  To quote Joe Levy (editor) from Rolling Stone, and I agree, \\"you will like the album at first but will learn to love it after a few listens\\" for what it has to offers\\".  This album is a must have to your collection and one of the best of 2007.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|I love this movie. It has the most thrilling car chase I have ever seen and probably one of the most shocking car crash ever committed to film. The dialogues are great and funny. If you buy this dv, you can't go wrong
B000RG1FMO|4.0|I am one of Kanye's toughest critics.  However, when I review anyones album, I put my personal feelings and biased opinions to the side and just review the album for what it is.  My man's J. Highsmith is listening to the album and REVIEWING THE ALBUM not the person.  I looked up one of you reviewers and you wrote one sentence dissing Kanye's album and made a whole essay about how tight 50cent album was.  One person even said his beats are not as good as Timbaland's or Dre!!!  Did you listen to the artwork that he created in the first Blueprint, ressurecting Common's career with the \\"Be\\" album, John Legend, I can go on and on.  Not saying that Kanye is one of the best producers of all time, because College Dropout was a masterpiece, and if you remove the song \\"Gold Digger\\" from his \\"Late Regristration\\" album it would have been viewed as \\"Electric Circus\\",  I'm sorry that was one of the most over-rated albums in Hip-Hop History, I rest my case!<br /><br />But Kayne has improved his lyrics big time in comparison with his first two albums where it seemed like his guest appearences were trying to slay him on every song.  And this album features Kanye with some of his best production to date.  \\"Stronger\\", \\"Can't tell me nothin\\", \\"Good Morning\\", \\"Barry Bonds\\" are strong bangers with very thought provoking lyrics by Kanye.  \\"Drunk Girls\\" was the only low point in the album.  However, here he gets rid of the useless interludes that were on his first two albums.  And while 50 cent continues to blend in with these horrible RINGTONE RAPPERS, Kanye is steady taking chances, and that is making a solid, not great, but solid all around album.  People need to applaud artist who are courages and take chances.  That's what's wrong with society and music, no one wants to take chances, everyone wants to settle for ringtone hits instead of making great albums.<br /><br />4 stars for me and that's 2 stars higher than what I gave his second album!
B000R7HY0K|1.0|(warning, this review will contain spoilers, maybe they will save real men the waste of money it would be to buy this hyped of load of feminist propaganda)                                                                    Ok, so now to the review.  There I was in the theatre, really enjoying what was so far, an awesome movie.  Yes, the hyped carchase scene was living up to it's hype, then all of a sudden-BAM! It turned from great to sucky in about 10 frames!  You want to know why?  because the evil hags defeat stuntman mike!  Now, when I was watching this the first time, I thought he was going to win, and all of you who were rooting for the evil hags are insane.  You see, they were the evil villains, Stuntman Mike is the hero of the film, so the fact that he died makes it a tragedy.  I was so mad I was literally shaking (like I could barely talk to anyone for about 3 days I was so Irate) when it turned out the evil hags win at the end, I was rooting for Stuntman to make a comeback so bad, and what happened to him was atrocious!  I hated them so bad, at the part where he was on the ground at the end with them in the highway, doing thier retarted cheering, I was literally praying that they would be ran over by a semi or something, it would have at least been a kinda happy ending then. Yes, Stuntman is the hero!  I cheered when he smashed that hippie girl up good, and roared with macho delight when he really gave it to that carfull of idiotic, noisy, and annoying hags.  Serves them right!  Man that wreck smarts! GO STUNTMAN!  Stuntman is so ultimately macho, with his cool hairdo, great taste in food and clothes, and contempt for women!  He rocks!          Now you see why he is the ultimate hero, and now onto the women, and why they are the evil villains of the movie.  First of all, the now-sellout QT seems to be on some kind of \\"I love it when women triumph over men, I love girlpower!\\" trip.  Where did he get this crapshoot, awful ending idea from anyway?  Nice way tometaphorically kick all of us real men in the groin, QT.  Everyone knows that men are smarter, stronger, faster and can do math better than women, that's why, until the phony ending, they are such easy prey for the superior male role model and my personal hero, Stuntman.  Yes, QT truly must have turned into some kind of evil feminist (other wise known as feminazi) sympathiser, and made up this sorry ending to satisfy all of those women out there who, by the looks of this ending, somehow scare and intimidate QT with their girl power.  Newsflash QT, girlpower, meet my mighty male fist, the winner, my fist.  Next, the women in this movie are the villains, because they represent all evil women, who try to get all of a guy's hard earned money with thier decieving good looks, and try to claim it's your baby to get checks out of you, or claim some common law marriage crap.  These techniques also have another name: EXTORTION.  So you see, mighty Stuntman was doing the world a favor, and getting his jollies, two birds in one stone.  By doing the world a favor, I mean getting rid of young hot women before they have a chance to not have a job, spend up a man's hard earned cash, and drive him nuts.  I mean, the first group of girls were lame and boring, I hated them from the start, even Jungle Julia's feet and legs QT, jeez, do you think the camera spent enough time there?  Anyway, the point is, they were all a bunch of lazy pot heads with no jobs anyway, so who cares? (yes Jungle Julia did, but it was a lazy, do nothing job consisting of snappy one liners and playing tapes.  WOW!  STOP THE PRESS!)  They would have continued to be freeloaders, misering men's cash if they had not have been righteously SLAMMED by Stuntman, our savior.  And the second batch of ladies, Zoe looks funny, I liked Rosario, or used to, not after that infuriating ending.  Oh, and the hag with the dreads, who does she think she is anyway, with her inane, trying-to-be-bad-banter  I hate them all!  You see, there Stuntman was just trying to have a little fun!  For god sakes, none of the ladies were even hurt after it!  \\"Hey that guy did NOT even injure any of us, lets shoot him, go chase him down, cause a serious wreck, and BEAT HIM TO DEATH!\\"  Murderers!  Watch out men, they will come for you, you had better start taking martial arts, and working out, and practicing your wheelman skills, I did to get ready for the evil feminazis after I watched this movie!  It was unbearable, it was like watching Snake Plissken get beat down by the spice girls, which brings me to the next topic:       Physics flaws.  That's right, I, your oh so grandiose and knowledgeable reviewer, am going to shed light onto some of the physics flaws that will become readily apparent after my cosmic intellect points them out to you.  First, the trunk.  During the second half of the big car chase, the evil hags ram Stuntman's car (which is cooler than theirs!) from behind.  Now, did you notice how they eventually KNOCKED THE TRUNK off of his car, almost tore the whole rear end off, and there was oddly barely a scratch on the front of their car, even more so, as the no-driving dreads girl crashed into everything in sight?  Let's all just ignore the fact that to have done that much damage to an equally big and tough car, they would probably have maimed their radiator, or done some damage to some part of the engine at least, while the damage done to Stuntman's car from that was mostly cosmetic.  Stupid women, in real life, they'd have busted their radiator, and Stuntman would have just drove off as they overheated.          Next:  Wasn't his car supposed to be deathproof?  The name maybe should have been changed to Death Resistant there QT, because it looked like during all of that ramming, that Stuntman was getting beat up pretty badly, while the hags weren't so much as phased by all of the rough ramming.  What a crock, think back about that if you've seen it, that final ride was beating him up a lot,and they weren't even flinching with all the ramming?  Yea right.  They'd have been getting bumped up and knocked around too, maybe knocking some of that smarmy attitude out of them.  (note:  never mind the fact that, being a stuntman, Stuntman Mike should have gotten away, in about equal cars, he would clearly be the better driver)       Next:  The big wreck at the end, run that load by me again?  Jeez, did anyone actually watch it, anyone with some sense?  There is absolutely no way you come up and tap a car at the rear like that and make it go flipping 20 feet up into the air, all that would have done was maybe have made him fishtail out a bit, but that's about all.         Next:  Now, In case all of the girl power lovers, and feminazis and their whipped boyfriends didn't get the message, the beating scene at the end was ludicrous.  Why?  They never would have beat him up like that, he didn't even fight back at all, what a crock.  Don't you think he'd have at least tried to run, or anything?  Never mind the fact that he is so cool and macho, he would have just beat them all down, and took their car, ran them all over for good measure, and gotten away again, which is what would have really happened, but for QT's stupid girl power trip.  A real man like that could have taken any stupid woman, or 3 of them for that matter.  Plus, wussy girl punches and kicks are minor annoyances at most, lacking real power, so please spare me all the fake brutal punch sounds and splattering blood, QT, until he hits back, of course, which would have happened if QT wasn't brainwashed.  Man that would have rocked, to watch those hags get their smarmy faces pummeled to a bloody mess, wouldn't be rudely yelling in his face then, huh?          So, in closing, all of the above is why you should avoid this looser:  the ending, the most horrible, shocking, atrocious, crummy, awful piece of junk ever to be released.  But never fear, I have an ultra secret technique to make it rock:  turn itoff right after the first wreck.  That's right, by doing that, you make it into a 45 minute movie, with an extremely mesmerizing ending that rocks the eons with its awesomeness!  Oh man, I could watch that wreck all day in slow mo, frame by frame.  That's the only reason to get the DVD, ditch that wuss ending, and enjoy the first half all the way, where all the whining hags get what they deserve, and all real men worship Stuntman as he was, before QT sucked it all up with his girl power garbage, ooh girl power, how about shut up and get me a steak, Zoe!      (P.S. One final Idea, Stuntman products!  a whole line up, marketed to real men!  Deodorant, Stuntman Mike hair sprays and other products, official Stuntman watch and shades, driving gloves and more!  And a T-Shirt, with a big as life picture of Stuntman's smiling face, and it says \\"Stuntman Mike is my hero!\\"  Wicked, huh?)
B000ASDFJU|2.0|I have been waiting for this and finally received it.  Ok but I am on my replacement set that ALSO wont play.  I am frustrated and disappointed.  So now what, do I buy each season individually???!
B00006CXSS|5.0|This mini-series is a must have for anyone who enjoys war history. I have watched it through three times and still catch new details in each episode. The extras are very interesting and add a lot to the overall enjoyment of the DVD's.
B000HT3P7E|5.0|Best comedy on TV right now.    If you love Friends or Seinfield you will be hooked on this show.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|I saw Once a couple of weeks ago and went home straight away to order the soundtrack.  The movie is fantastic and the music was a big reason why.  These songs will haunt you, but in a good way.
0770430074|3.0|I enjoyed reading this book like I've enjoyed watching James Bond movies; entertaining but shallow. That wouldn't be a problem if Martel wouldn't make such an outlandish claim as 'this story will make you believe in God' in the introduction. The book does start off in the right direction. Pi is introduced as an eclectic character who practices Hinduism, Christianity and Islam and lives a colorful life centered around a zoo. Martel certainly has a talent for descriptions, and this first part is all in all excellent. What is disappointing however is that after such a nice setup, we find out that it was all just an elaborate scheme to make the story of a boy lost at sea with a tiger on a boat somewhat believable. Most of the previously introduced characters are quickly forgotten as the narration centers on the harshness of life out at sea. Martel does a good job at suspending disbelief; but in switching the narrative he heads off in a completely different direction which he set up, which is talking about the relationship between truth and myth in religion.    Martel adds insult to injury in the last part of the book when he introduces an alternative account of Pi's time at sea. The alternate story itself is a great twist; what is terrible however is the following discussion between two minor characters in which the exact relationship between the two stories is detailed explicitly and completely seals off all other possible interpretations. Martel insults his reader by doing all the intellectual effort himself and spoon-feeding it to him. Pi first says that there is truth in all religions, and Martel says that his story will make you believe in God; then he gives two alternate explanations for Pi's time at sea, and asks which of the stories you like best. The reader has to brain-dead at that point not to connect the dots; but Martel does connect the dots, in EXPLICIT DETAIL. Never mind the fact that Martel's reflections on religion are about as profound as the ones of Paulo Coelho or as a self-help book; he butchers his whole story and insults the reader for the purpose of getting his simplistic point across.    I give it three stars nonetheless, because Martel does tell a thoroughly entertaining story. As a piece of pop litt, it succeeds; as a metaphysical reflection, it's a failure.
B000I5X81A|5.0|This is a great album for JJ Cale & Clapton fans.  I found it a little too 'country' for ne but still a great album.
B000FA57US|3.0|Halloween is the best movie franchise but this movie is weak. The characters seemed to be rushed in from other movies from the time like Friday the 13th. I was watching Halloween 25 Years Later and they even admited this movie was rushed too quickly. Anther problem was Michaels mask. TUCK IT IN! It looks like the actor inside the suit didnt want to wear a mask, so he put it on loosely as possible. A few cool death scenes but other then that, this movie is probably the worst of the series.
0765310015|4.0|I stumbled upon Erikson while reading some reviews for RR Martin and thought I would try his writing. The Gardens of the Moon is a bit slow to start but once it starts rolling it is a great read. Of course it is the start of 10 books so it had a lot of ground to cover and lots of history to explain because Erikson's world is fantastic and the best world building I have ever read.     His world is rich and believable with long histories, cultures, people, gods and beings of all flavors. Without the fairytale style elves and dwarfs and other fantasy creatures we are all used to. He does draw on some of the races from typical of fantasy but he recreates them into a whole new form. There are others that are completely his invention such as the T'Lan Imass.     Currently I am on book 4 and each book has been very good and I look forward to the next 6 books.     Erikson really is understated in the fantasy market and that is just a shame because he is a master of the genre. If you like high/epic series fantasy then you need look no further then right here. It starts a little slow but it never lets up from there.
0783225903|5.0|I have viewed Brazil on the big scrren whenever I have had the chance. With a newly puchased HDTV I decided I must own this cinematic masterpiece. It doesn't dissapoint. What amazes me is its political currency. Terrorism, personal surveillance, Big Brotherness, even cosmetic plastic surgery  all seem familiar facts of life today. The future painted by Terry Gilliam is here now.  The only downside to the adventure you will experience is that the tune \\"Brazil\\" will haunt your mind for weeks if not months after your viewing.
7119005901|5.0|When I first read Three Kingdoms it was quite a confusing story, what with all the endless characters that came and went, not to mention the impossibility of pronouncing their names properly!    Nonetheless, I was captivated by the quality of the story, despite the very basic narrative style (being hundreds of years old) and the fairly simple way it must have been translated.    With the amount of trials and tribulations that the reader witnesses in following the extremely incredible characters, it is no wonder that these real people from history mean so much to people today, nearly two thousand years later.    Containing personalities of all kinds, Three Kingdoms offers so much wisdom and excitement, that once you get past the first couple of chapters, you are really drawn into a whole new world.    To follow the struggles of men like Guan Yu, Cao Cao and Zhuge Liang as they fight for peace amongst the absolute chaos, gives hope and solutions to any of the problems one can face in today's world.    Yet there are hundreds of characters who fight by their sides in attempts to reunite China, each having their own story to contribute to this immortal saga. It is truly a credit to Luo Guanzhong the way he managed to interweave so many storys, and yet stay prevalently factual.    If you can get past the confusion and the slight redundancy of the narrative style, Three Kingdoms is a story you have to read within your lifetime, and preferably as soon as possible.    According to DW3K.COM, there is a new version of Three Kingdoms that is to be released soon, designed to be more entertaining and less confusing than the 600 year old original. Apparently it will still contain all of the wisdom from Luo Guanzhong's, but will make a much more accessable and hopefully even more enjoyable way to learn about Three Kingdoms.    In the meantime I can also suggest the other 3 chinese classics, in english known as Dream of the Red Chamber/Dreams of Red Mansions(Romance), Monkey King/Journey to the West (Adventure/Fantasy) and Water Margin/Outlaws of the Marsh (Adventure). Each are incredible stories in their own right, and are in many ways equal or even better than Three Kingdoms/Romance of Three Kingdoms.
1594489505|1.0|The author spins a tale that pulls the reader into the story and never lets go until the ending. It gives a glimpse of life in Afghanistan for ordinary Afghanis in several spheres of existance before the Russian invasion through the Taliban horrors and into the increasing horror of civil war in our time. It lets us understand family relationships, particularly the reduced role of women in these societies, and gives us hope that conditions will be improved for future generations.
B0002S943O|2.0|I don't own any DM albums, but I do like their music. This concert DVD was interesting to watch a couple times - the visuals are intriguing. But the music performed live isn't complex enough to make me want to listen again and again. The singer looks high on E, and lets the crowd sing for him way too much. It's worth watching as a rental, but save your money.
B00005JLR2|5.0|This video is AWESOME.  Talk about bring a book to life!  My grandchild and I watched it 3 time the first night1  Wonderful script & story board, real life issues dealing with single parents and lonely/loning children to have an adult role model in their lives! Can't get enough!  The artwork is wonderful,colorful & the story is both funny & enjoyable!!!!
0440238609|4.0|The first book of this trilogy was compelling and made me want to immediately read the next two books. Unfortunately, the next two did not live up to the dramatic build the first book started.  The second book read like a book-long introduction. The third book was heavy handed, preachy, and almost patronizing in its explanation of events. The ending was a bit anticlimatic.    While the message of these books is a good one: the continual strive for knowledge vs. denial of knowledge, I thought the delivery could have been a bit better.
B00006JKON|3.0|Luis Mejia (son) - War Child represented the return of Jethro Tull's short, common songs after releasing two one-song albums, Thick As A Brick and A Passion Play, both true progressive rock masterpieces. War Child may stand as their first common album where they stand completely into rock, not as their previous albums before Thick As A Brick, which score into blues territory. While being a good release, it is less relevant or remarkable as their past two, while being incredibly less exentric, its also a point of turn in which Jethro starts a long way through a series of experimental albums, which mainly forms their characteristic versatility. War Child lack of first class material and pointless, ridiculous compositions can cause serious dissapointment, although its still better as it kept a fresh, comfortable rock talent, and its orchestration makes here a really relevant paper, while having few gems, the songs that keep the album's whole talent may be the #20 hit \\"Bungle In The Jungle\\", its playful mood and common tunes are also quite notorious in \\"Sealion\\" and \\"The Third Hoorah\\", while its most exentric, beautiful and meaningful song in the album is \\"Skating Away On The Thin Ice Of The New Day\\", its light medieval atmosphere, meaningful, cohersive lyrics and dextrous spanish guitars make the song seem more like a Thick As A Brick Fragment, this medieval atmosphere is strongly notorious on the also very talented \\"Ladies\\", which stand as very pretty, gorgeous song. \\"Back Door Angels\\" also keeps a recognizable talent, wich is best expressed in its' instrumental sections. The rest of the songs may stand as common, unremarkable songs, most of them keep an average talent but the repetitive, pointless, incoherent \\"Queen And Country\\" and the idiotic, unnecessary recalling \\"The Third Hoorah\\" stand as serious mood killers. While there are two bonus tracks which can also light up the talent of the album, these songs are the classical, orchestrated \\"Warchild Waltz\\" and the fierceful instrumental full of switching moods \\"Quartet\\" both cool off (in a good way) the album's strong performances. One notorious aspect on the album's performance is that Ian Anderson keeps almost all of his attention toward the saxophones instead of his characteristic flute, so the album may keep some of their most slight flute's performances, hence having their best saxophone one. War Child may stand as a great album, its fresh rock talent and a slight collection of important songs are here remarkable, but still, its most pointless, incoherent compositions, and a strong lack of first class material always expected on Jethro Tull takes off a great deal of talent from the album, though it stands enjoyable and quite appreciatable.erceful instrumental full of switching moods \\"Quartet\\" both cool off (in a good way) the album's strong performances. One notorious aspect on the album's performance is that Ian Anderson keeps almost all of his attention toward the saxophones instead of his characteristic flute, so the album may keep some of their most slight flute's performances, hence having their best saxophone one. War Child may stand as a great album, its fresh rock talent and a slight collection of important songs are here remarkable, but still, its most pointless, incoherent compositions, and a strong lack of first class material always expected on Jethro Tull takes off a great deal of talent from the album, though it stands enjoyable and quite appreciatable.
B00005JNS0|5.0|Bought this for my nephew for his birthday and he loves it. It's a nice family movie though also as my husband, sister and her husband love it as well.
B00007KWHN|4.0|Now here's where the Yes sound really begins. For one, the lyrics don't make a damn ounce of sense. They're inscrutamable! For another, the songs also started to get a lot longer: three of these songs run at about nine to ten minutes. Okay, 8:50 for \\"Perpetual Change\\", but who's counting? For a third, the songs started to have really long, mostly stellar instrumental passages. Steve Howe had joined and lent his amazing guitar skills to the group. Listen to his playing on \\"Yours is No Disgrace\\", probably the song that defines this album best. It's amazing. More than that, it's mind-bending. I also really like Tony Kaye's rapidly overlaying synthesizers in the introduction. Of course, the song itself is about nothing, but who cares? It's amazing. And I love hearing Steve Howe's famous acoustic guitar, so the acoustic country-blues \\"The Clap\\" is fun. I assume its title was inspired by misadventures with groupies on the road. But I'll never know for sure, because it's got no lyrics. Just Steve Howe playing acoustic guitar. Which is fine by me, because he's my debatably favorite acoustic guitar player. Then there's my favorite, \\"Starship Trooper\\". Holy schmorkovotch, that is a song! It's about absolutely nothing, but I don't care. Along with \\"Yours is No Disgrace\\", it is the pinnacle of all things Yes. Nonsense lyrics with references to sci-fi and stuff, psychedelic guitar part; acoustic guitar part; wonderful harmonized part; all kinds of weird synthesizer sounds. And then the ending where the guitars all go insane and duel against each other is sweet. The last song that totally rules is \\"I've Seen All Good People\\". For one, the title chorus is catchy. For another, the folky \\"Your Move\\" part is just gorgeous, what with the acoustic guitar, synthesized flute, organ, and harmonies. And then it kicks into a slightly funky, driving rock bit because it's Yes and none of their songs stay the same very long. That's when it gets to the famous \\"mantra section\\", where they repeat \\"I've seen all good people turn their heads and look away so satisfied I'm on my way\\" for three minutes or so while Howe solos and Banks plays what honestly sounds like a boogie piano. I even kind of like the infamous \\"Venture\\". It's not a great song, but it's listenable. It isn't bad. Even if the bouncy guitar part is a bit grating. The one song I don't like is \\"Perpetual Change\\", which is bad enough to knock the rating down a full star. For one, it's nine minutes long - perpetual is right. For another, the guitar tone is just some generic metal crap. I like metal if it's played well, and this is not played well at all. In fact, it sounds clunky. The tinkling piano during the barely audible verses also very much gets on my nerves. And there is no end to the goddamn thing. Thankfully, four of the tracks are stellar and one is pretty decent. Unfortunately, one is horrendous, insulting, and what have you.  Still, this is Yes' first real \\"classic\\" album. Much better than the previous two, and one of my top 5 Yes albums.\\"I've seen all good people turn their heads and look away so satisfied I'm on my way\\" for three minutes or so while Howe solos and Banks plays what honestly sounds like a boogie piano. I even kind of like the infamous \\"Venture\\". It's not a great song, but it's listenable. It isn't bad. Even if the bouncy guitar part is a bit grating. The one song I don't like is \\"Perpetual Change\\", which is bad enough to knock the rating down a full star. For one, it's nine minutes long - perpetual is right. For another, the guitar tone is just some generic metal crap. I like metal if it's played well, and this is not played well at all. In fact, it sounds clunky. The tinkling piano during the barely audible verses also very much gets on my nerves. And there is no end to the goddamn thing. Thankfully, four of the tracks are stellar and one is pretty decent. Unfortunately, one is horrendous, insulting, and what have you.  Still, this is Yes' first real \\"classic\\" album. Much better than the previous two, and one of my top 5 Yes albums.
B000F4LPJ6|5.0|I saw the movie which got me interested in the book. The movie was gerat, but the book was better. This movie is a MUST SEE!!!!!! One of my favorite movies, it is a fun movie for all those people who like violent japanese movies. The only thing i do not like about it, is the cover art. :P
0143038419|1.0|I could not even get through the first chapter. I found it extremely difficult to empathize with the author. \\"oh poor me getting divorced, I think I'll travel around the world. boo-hoo\\". When I got divorced I did not get to travel around the world, I got to move in with my Mother! So, sorry Liz, sorry that I contributed to your bank account by buying this piece of trash. Clearly, everyone has their own opinion, for some reason people like this book. In my opinion, it is a complete waste of money. If you must read it, borrow it from your library first, but you might want to save yourself and read something more worthwhile, like your coffeemaker user's manual. Much better reading!
B000GFLE1S|5.0|Kinky Boots may not be a family film but it is an enjoyable story.    2 High Heels up!
B000M341QE|2.0|First, Scorsese is a genius. He really is. Watch five minutes of Taxi Driver or Raging Bull or Goodfellas and you know it. The Departed is not even close to what he has done before. It's a TV show. Of course, there's Jack Nicholson being JACK. I have to admit that DiCaprio is a great actor, but this isn't really worth the time to watch. It falls short in both narrative and acting.
B000BVD460|3.0|eminem's cool but never was a serious fan if you're a serious fan I recommend this while taking prescription drugs and other narcotics so you'll enjoy it better enjoy.
B000RW3VD4|5.0|When Oliver Stone made Wall Street, he was riding high from the commercial and critical success of [[ASIN:B00005AUJQ Platoon (Special Edition)]]. His father, Lou Stone, had been a stockbroker on Wall Street in New York City and this film was a son's way of paying tribute to his father. Almost twenty years later, it has become one of the quintessential snapshots of the financial scene in the United States and epitomizes the essence of capitalism, greed and materialism that was so prevalent in the 1980s.<br /><br />Michael Douglas owns the role of Gekko and by extension dominates the movie with his larger than life character. He gets most of the film's best dialogue and delivers it with such conviction. There is a scene between Bud and Gekko in a limousine where he tells the younger man how the financial world works, how it operates and lays it all out, pushing Bud hard to go into business with him. It is one of the strongest scenes in the movie because you really believe what Gekko is saying and how Bud could be seduced by his words.<br /><br />The culmination of Douglas' performance is his much lauded, often quoted, \\"Greed is good\\" speech that his character gives to a shareholders' meeting of Teldar Paper, a company he is planning to take over. He concludes by saying, \\"Greed is right; greed works. Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit. Greed, in all of its forms, greed for life, for money, for love, knowledge -- has marked the upward surge of mankind and greed, you mark my words -- will save not only Teldar Paper but that other malfunctioning corporation called the U.S.A.\\" This is one of the best delivered monologues ever put to film as Douglas goes from charming to downright threatening and back again, succinctly summing up the essence of '80 capitalism and greed.<br /><br />The original DVD did not have many extras but the quality of what was included was excellent. They have all been carried over to this new release (minus the trailers) but do the new extras really merit a double dip?<br /><br />There is an audio commentary by co-writer and director Oliver Stone. Stone talks about Michael Douglas' early struggles with the huge amount of dialogue he had to deliver and how he dealt with it. The filmmaker is candid with his shortcomings and those of others (i.e. Daryl Hannah, Charlie Sheen, etc.). As always, Stone delivers the goods, offering all kinds of fascinating insights into the making of the film.<br /><br />The second disc features a new introduction by Oliver Stone that is brief and really should have been put on the first disc.<br /><br />Another new extra is \\"Greed is Good,\\" an hour-long retrospective documentary with Hal Hoolbrook, John C. McGinley, Charlie Sheen and Michael Douglas amongst others returning to offer their impressions of the financial world depicted in the movie. This substantial doc examines the appeal of Gekko and why he inspired people in the business world.<br /><br />Also new to this edition is over 20 minutes of deleted scenes with optional commentary by Stone. There is a nice little scene with Penn Jillette of Penn & Teller as one of Bud's clients. Also included is an earlier scene where Bud and Darian (Hannah) meet in a bar but Stone cut it because the Hamptons scene at Gekko's house was stronger. The filmmaker puts all of these scenes into context and why there were cut.<br /><br />Finally, carried over from the original edition is \\"Money Never Sleeps: The Making of Wall Street,\\" a top-notch, 47-minute making of documentary. There is very little overlap with the \\"Greed is Good\\" documentary.<br /><br />If you're a fan of this film and already own the previous edition, the new extras definitely warrant a double dip. They are quite substantial in nature and shed more light on this excellent film.o the new extras really merit a double dip?    There is an audio commentary by co-writer and director Oliver Stone. Stone talks about Michael Douglas' early struggles with the huge amount of dialogue he had to deliver and how he dealt with it. The filmmaker is candid with his shortcomings and those of others (i.e. Daryl Hannah, Charlie Sheen, etc.). As always, Stone delivers the goods, offering all kinds of fascinating insights into the making of the film.    The second disc features a new introduction by Oliver Stone that is brief and really should have been put on the first disc.    Another new extra is \\"Greed is Good,\\" an hour-long retrospective documentary with Hal Hoolbrook, John C. McGinley, Charlie Sheen and Michael Douglas amongst others returning to offer their impressions of the financial world depicted in the movie. This substantial doc examines the appeal of Gekko and why he inspired people in the business world.    Also new to this edition is over 20 minutes of deleted scenes with optional commentary by Stone. There is a nice little scene with Penn Jillette of Penn & Teller as one of Bud's clients. Also included is an earlier scene where Bud and Darian (Hannah) meet in a bar but Stone cut it because the Hamptons scene at Gekko's house was stronger. The filmmaker puts all of these scenes into context and why there were cut.    Finally, carried over from the original edition is \\"Money Never Sleeps: The Making of Wall Street,\\" a top-notch, 47-minute making of documentary. There is very little overlap with the \\"Greed is Good\\" documentary.    If you're a fan of this film and already own the previous edition, the new extras definitely warrant a double dip. They are quite substantial in nature and shed more light on this excellent film.
1416500294|5.0|This is the first complete novel that I ever read as a child. Years later when I was traveling around America with my wife and concocting my first book \\"Hobo-ing America\\", [[ASIN:0979808510 Hobo-Ing America: A Workingman's Tour Of The U.S.A.]] I read this book aloud to my wife before turning out the camper lights every evening.<br />For many years I could only imagine that Robert Louis Stevenson had grown up to be a pirate. How else could he have known the pirates ways so intimately? When I read a biography of Mr. Stevenson and found that he was a sickly child who was often confined to his room for long periods and had thought this whole business up in his vivid imagination, I was more than impressed. I was astounded. As a writer I have always found this fact inspirational.<br />Long John Silver is now folklore like Paul Bunyan and John Henry. And Robert Louis Stevenson is one of the greatest writers ever.<br />Can you believe that the same man who created Doctor Jekyll and Mr. Hide also concocted Treasure Island. Wow!<br /><br />Richard Edward Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of:<br /><br />Just Hangin' Out, Ma - Humorous Anecdotes - Lawrence, MA
B000Q6GXW2|4.0|The technical producion of this film was outstanding, and the HD DVD version gives it an immediate presence that effectively complements the graphical nature of the visual composition.  The picture and audio quality of this disc are on a par with the best I've seen to date in home video. On top of that, I think that Butler and Heady do a great job of conveying the Spartan image being defined by the writer.      However, there are just a few too many enhanced blood-spatters and other graphical 'devices' for my taste.  This is understandable, given the original basis for the script, but I think that if it had been toned down just a bit, it would have been slightly more effective.  It is a great story and they had a solid cast to work with; less might have been more.
1580495796|5.0|I know, I know you've seen the movie a thousand times. You've seen the play live; saw your kid in the play in school. Yes, but did you ever actually sit down and read the book? I had one friend who read it aloud to his children every year and another whose mother used to read it to him every Christmas. The last time I read this book I recorded myself on my Karaoke. I started reading books aloud out in my reading room some time ago. It is really a whole other experience. They call this book a classic and that is exactly correct. If you have never actually read it - you have got to take the time and do it. Take it from me you won't forget it and it will not be the same old, same old.<br /><br />Richard Edward Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of:<br /><br />\\"A Summer with Charlie\\"
B0002KPIQY|5.0|Love it! It's honest. The story manages to make you understand her. They did a wonderful job of bringing out the beauty in every part. Showing the audience that sometimes pain and ugliness is the most beautiful of all.
B0007OY2P8|5.0|This is not as deiightful as other Jane Austin videos.   Not my favorite at all.  I didn't care for the strange mystery.  I didn't get at all into the mystique of the teenage imagination.  I thought it was just plain odd.  I love every other Jane Austin video I have ever seen.  This one I dont have much use for.
B000E6ESL2|3.0|Frankly, I didn't get the movie in my first viewing. In I felt disgusted and decided to write-off the movie as eccentric although I like the art direction and cinematography.   After viewing the second time, I could understand the movie and realized  the beauty behind it. Yes ! The movie is best appeciated only when it is rented !     The movie begins with Ryan Gosling as Henry, a 21 yr old art student, surviving an accident in New York city. He contacts Psychiatrist Sam (played by Ewan Mcgregor) who is actually filling in for another psychiatrist on vacation. Henry tell Sam that he is hallucinating and hearing voices and in fact predicts things. Henry tells Sam that he is going to commit suicide in 3 days. Sam tries to help the young man by following him, trying to inform his parents but finds himself caught between reality and imagination with bizarre brief delusions.He finds most of the moments are repeating. During this stage, Sam is preparing to marry his girlfriend Lila (played by Naomi watts) whom he saved from her suicide attempt when she was his patient. Although her role is limited, her significance comes into light at the end of the movie. We learn Henry is dating an actress Athena (Elizabeth Reaser). Sam visits her too.    The movie revolves mostly around Sam and his frantic attempts to save Henry. The movie is visually stunning with great costumes, with corridors and stairways full of twins and triplets.Cinematography is very stylish. We see elements out of focus suddenly coming in to focus in the next scene. The door opening to aquarium and aquarium leading to Sam's apartment. Manhattan appears to be  painted with blue/green walls in matrix era, giving breathtaking scenery. Great Art direction featuring architectural beauty. Lot of motifs. We get this only in second viewing of the film.        The spoiler ! - The film is mostly about Sam trying to know Henry to save him in 3 days. We discover that most of the movie is a dream in Henry head before he dies in the car accident.We see Henry is driving in a car along with his girlfriend and parents. The car meets accident and everyone except Henry die in the accident. He is consumed with Guilt   (Motif - 'Forgive me' written all over wall in his apartment) for being responsible for parents and girlfriend's death. Before dying, he dreams of giving the wedding ring to Naomi and asks her to marry. C  hilling near-death experience show in stylish and artistic fashion.     However the movie confuses the audience on several occasions with . I bet many people would be bewildered after the movie. Why Sam experiences things happening around him twice ? and some unconnected scenes !. The movie is similar to Mulholland drive played brilliantly by Naomi Watts.  This movie is for artistic lovers rather. Another motif - No wonder, Henry is art student !
B000MNP2KI|4.0|If you are going to introduce a new Bond, what better way to do it than go back to the beginning? This is exactly what Martin Cambell did in Daniel's Craig first movie as the beloved 007. We find a Bond at the start of his career, having recently attained the 00 status, and showing a personality that differs from what we are used to seeing from this character. I am not going to lie to you, Sean Connery still is, and probably will always be, my favorite Bond, but Craig comes pretty close to the Master. And he is undoubtedly better than the last couple of actors that attempted the feat of portraying one of the most charismatic secret agents ever.<br /><br />This time around, the plot takes us from Madagascar to the Bahamas. In the process we find bankers stealing money from Freedom Fighters, bomb-makers with clear and important targets in mind, a fair amount of poker playing, and of course, attractive women. The most interesting aspect of the movie is the differences in Bond's personality compared to the other movies. Here we can see how his attitude towards women changed and the reasons behind this. Also, there are many details that if you have watched the previous Bond productions you will not see in this one. Even though one of these shows up towards the end, you will miss several Bond traits that are always present. It is fun to go through the movie spotting these absences.<br /><br />The action scenes are exciting and even though they are unrealistic, as is usually the case with Bond movies, this aspect was toned down from the latest efforts. The high speed chase on foot in Madagascar is remarkable and very well filmed, and even though it runs for a fair amount of time, we do not get bored in the least. As I already mentioned, there is also quite a bit of poker playing. This is only natural, seeing the popularity this game has gained lately. The good news is that they managed to keep these scenes interesting and they fit well with the rest of the plot.<br /><br />Just when I was ready to accept that there will never be a James Bond that will make me want to see these movies again, I was pleasantly surprised by Craig. I am looking forward to his next effort and hope that we get many more at this level.>Just when I was ready to accept that there will never be a James Bond that will make me want to see these movies again, I was pleasantly surprised by Craig. I am looking forward to his next effort and hope that we get many more at this level.
B000CCBCAS|5.0|Four Weddings and a Funeral follows Charles (Hugh Grant) and friends through a period of time in which they attend, um, four weddings and one funeral.  Most of the movie actually occurs at these ceremonies so the film is aptly named all around.  Charles meets Carrie (Andie MacDowell) at wedding number one and a good portion of the movie revolves around whether these two will end up together or not.  There are various subplots involving four of his friends as well as his brother, most of them involving romance of some sort.    This is the movie that made Hugh Grant a star and it's easy to see why.  He plays his stuttering nice guy to perfection and is helped by a script that any actor would gladly kill for.  Andie MacDowell plays a terrific counterbalance with her mellow charm.  The entire cast of largely unknown (in the U.S. at least) British actors does a fantastic job of infusing the film with warmth and life.  Another plus is that this is the rare movie where the cast looks like real people instead of supermodels.  It helps ground the film and make the characters seem more real.    This deluxe edition DVD is a nice presentation.  The picture has been cleaned up and converted to anamorphic format, the sound is crisp and there are some nice \\"making of\\" documentaries.  Finally, there is a commentary track for those interested in that sort of thing.  All in all, it's a nice package and worth a few extra dollars to get.    In summary, Four Weddings is a great movie.  The humor is quirky, though, and probably not for everyone.  For anyone willing to take a chance on something different, however, this is a true keeper.  It was an instant classic when it was released and remains one to this day.
B0007TKNII|4.0|After years of trying to figure a way to get \\"Phantom of The Opera\\" to the big screen, Joel Schumacher took his time to work through the obstacles and lays on the spectacle. How this movie slipped through the Oscar cracks for costuming and design is a mystery, because this DVD is a visual marvel. The music is exquisite as well, there is little to moan about for reproduction. (Exception: Gerard Butler doesn't have much of a voice, but he does convey the damaged Phantom well.)<br /><br />That is the good. The bad is in the casting. As previously stated, Butler is sexy and menacing as a the Phantom, but he seemed to save his opera for [[ASIN:B000V39KDO 300]]. Newcomer Emmy Rossum has a beautiful voice, but spends most of the time acting waxen and unemotive. The best casting is Minnie Driver, how hams it up hilariously. As Raul, Patrick Wilson fits his part well, but his voice seems boyishly thin. The Phantom should have been able to kick his butt at every turn, but somehow Raul leaves him behind every time, ever angrier.<br /><br />As a result, you are made to focus on the lavishness of the film itself. On that end, it succeeds handily. The Opera House is every bit as stunning as the sets in \\"[[ASIN:B000077VR3 Moulin Rouge!]]\\" and the music is the pure entertaining pop that Andrew Lloyd Weber has made himself rich creating. Colorful and vibrant, with the seediness of the backstage intact. If your looking for spectacle, \\"Phantom\\" delivers. Just don't expect a lot more.
B000RG1FMO|1.0|If you think hip-hop is only about some good beats and lackluster lyrics then go ahead and buy this album. Honestly some of the songs do make you wanna dance. Of course those songs are played on the radio ad-nauseum so why buy the cd for that reason. Big Brother is probably the only song that can be considered good based on it's CONCEPT but it's STYLE is irritating to me. I should have saved my money on this one.
185984054X|4.0|Christopher Hitchens' dissection of Agnes Bojaxhiu, aka Mother Theresa, is certainly an intriguing read.  He raises valid points throughout regarding, for example, her mercenary attitude towards accepting monetary donations, even from blackguards and scoundrels like Haiti's \\"Baby Doc\\" and the financial sheister Charles Keating.  He likewise discusses at length her strange views on the holiness and spiritual value of suffering versus the value of actually giving people material comfort in this life.  Indeed, this work is at its strongest when Hitchens is skewering Bojaxhiu's seemingly rather daft moral philosophy.  The testimonies he has collected from former associates and sisters of her order are also very thought provoking.    Sadly though, this work just doesn't feel...finished. Weighing in at a little less than a hundred pages and not citing nearly as many direct sources as I'd prefer, this book may not be worth the rather high (for its length) list price.  \\"The Missionary Position\\" will certainly get you thinking, but it doesn't quite satisfy completely.
B000TLMWMY|5.0|I've been waiting to see these shows for, well, forever! Up until now the only way to see these performances was on bootleg video (although I believe the CMT Network ran some of these at one time)and YouTube. This is some amazing music from a man who simply loved playing good music. And good musicians, young and old, black and white. It's a shame it lasted barely 2 years. But it's a blessing that someone had the smarts to preserve these wonderful shows. This will be worth it for the Clapton and Dylan footage. There is precious little performance footage of his tenure with Derek and the Dominos, and here he really shines. You can tell by his face how amazed he is to be onstage jamming with both Cash and Carl Perkins. I've never seen Dylan's performance but this was (arguably) his first ever live tv performance, he'd been out of the spotlight since his 1966 motorcycle accident and gone back to his folky roots while the rest of the world turned up the volume. So this is prime Dylan with one of his idols. As well as seeing CCR at their peak. The Neil Young footage can also be seen on the special edition of his \\"Live at Massey Hall\\" CD. Can't wait!
B00081U7HC|5.0|Pretty Woman begins with corporate raider Edward Lewis (Richard Gere) impulsively picking up a streetwalking prostitute named Vivian Ward (Julia Roberts).  He ends up hiring her for the week as an escort so that he can have a date for certain business dinners that are very important to him.  While she is intelligent, she is also unaccustomed to living the life of luxury and there is a fair amount of humor that flows from her \\"fish out of water\\" status.  It's a fairly silly setup for the movie and if you want to pick it apart, it's no great challenge to do so.  It does, however, provide a very entertaining backdrop for a Cinderella love story.      This was not the first part in Julia Roberts' career, but it is certainly the one that made her a star.  She is funny, sexy, and has a great warmth and vulnerability that makes it easy to believe that any man could fall in love with her, even a hotshot corporate raider.  Gere does his usual solid acting job.  Hector Elizondo steals the show as the stuffy hotel manager who helps Vivian learn etiquette and softens considerably in the process.  Actually, the cast is very strong from top to bottom with small roles by Jason Alexander and Ralph Bellamy going a long way to making this film worth watching over and over.    Pretty Woman is certainly never going to win any awards for the most intellectually stimulating film of all time, but that's okay.  It's funny when it wants to be and touching when it tries.  And despite the silly story, there are some underlying themes that all of us can relate to and that feel very real.  This one belongs in any DVD library.
B0002JJBZY|5.0|I have just opened my set and i like the way it is packaged.My set came in a box with each season in a plastic case thats a copy of the tricorder seen on the series.Inside was a cardboard box with a plastic box inside containing each disk.Its kind of like a book.Some reviewers complaied about the way it was done but i dont see anything wrong at all.The disks are well protected and are single sided disks.Upon putting in the first disk i saw how the menus were laid out and i thought it was pretty nice how they did it.When the first episode started i expected the prints to be not so good but i was wrong.I feel they looked just fine and i noticed alot of scenes i havent seen before.The audio was fine also.Im watching them on an Oppo upconverting dvd player and it really makes a difference.I highly recommend these players as they are made well and make your disks look completely different quality wise.I am very happy with my purchase and i think most people will agree that the set is just fine.I bought it from a different seller on amazon and saved some money that way.I felt it was money well spent and i simply am not going to buy the high def sets that are coming out.They are very expensive and i personaly would rather have the original prints.That was the way it was made and thats what i prefer.
0790729628|3.0|I heard all this hype about Daryll Hannah in this movie.....It was ok. it'd be interesting to see a remake of this movie.
014305841X|1.0|This is one of the biggest mistakes in all of publishing history. This guy calls himself a professor or journalism?
074356619X|5.0|Great inspiration!
B000SNUMC0|5.0|Usually, concept albums either focus too much on the music and not enough on the story, or the other way around.  Iced Earth has crafted the perfect marriage of story and music, exceeding nearly everything preceding it in the genre.  For those who couldn't piece it together, the story is this:    Humankind is a scientifically-advanced, but morally-underdeveloped race bent on dominance and 'unlimited power'.  In their arrogance and desire for power, they invade the planet Earth, home of the Setians, a peaceful and spiritually advanced race, exterminating all but 10,000 of the Setians.  The Setians select thirteen of the survivors to inherit the spirits and knowledge of their High Council, and concoct the perfect revenge: over the next 10,000 years, they will cloud the memories of humankind (so that they will think of Earth as THEIR homeworld), creating deceptive and divisive religions, and finally, when humanity has turned against itself, revealing the Setian messiah, Set Abominae (which is where Part II will take up).
B00005JKG9|4.0|I think it shows a good view of how life in sales can be hard, specially if you don't have good back-up
0375714669|4.0|I read 'Persepolis' and 'Persepolis 2', and thoroughly enjoyed both. After living in Uzbekistan for two years, a nation with a similar history and culture as Iran's, I became fascinated with the role of women in Muslim society.  As a man, I didn't have many opportunities to understand this world, and it was this curiosity that made me want to read  Ms. Satrapi's graphic novels.  Both novels were funny, touching, and poignant.
0316067598|5.0|Somehow it is comforting to know that heroic U.S. Special Forces soldiers are out there in the far away, God-forsaken places defending this country from the likes of al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups. Without peer in recent non-fiction books, I literally read this book without stopping on a single rainy afternoon. The only book I can compare it to is Black Hawk Down. The new fiction thriller Ascent from Darkness has a series of chapters that detail a  similar life and death fictional Special Forces mission in Najaf at the beginning of the Iraq war that is reminiscent of the mission in Afghanistan detailed here.
B00005221M|4.0|Excellent story of a adult caucasian man who was adopted into a Mohican family as a child and grew to be a blood brother.  The story chronicles the man, his Mohican brother and father during the battle between American and French troops in colonial America.  There are several subplots as the movie turns into a love story.  Lots of action, romantic passion, and emotional passion.  If you liked the \\"Patriot\\" you'll enjoy this also.
B00004Y6O4|5.0|I have almost every Rod album ever released and I feel that this album is one of his most listenable albums ever.  You can pretty much press play from beginning and listen to the very end of this CD and not get bored.  How many times can you say that about ANY album these days?  Not too many times.<br /><br />From the hedonistic, party music of \\"Do You Think I'm Sexy\\", \\"Dirty Weekend\\", and \\"Blondes Have More Fun\\", to the honesty and humor of \\"Ain't Love A Bitch\\", \\"Is That The Thanks I Get\\", and \\"Attractive Female Wanted, to the the warmth of \\"The Best Days Of My Life\\" and pain of \\"Scarred and Scared\\", \\"Standing In The Shadows Of Love\\", and \\"Last Summer\\" (this song ain't as nice as you think despite of its Carribean vacation-like atmosphere) , this album is a masterpiece!<br /><br />This one is definitely one of Rod's best albums!
B00003CXBH|5.0|Classic, moving, theatrical, spectacle of a movie.  I only wish I had a flat screen TV to watch it with.  Excellent, little known movie.  Doesn't get much publicity due to it's religious significance, but it is a classic non the less.
6302767741|5.0|I love this film. I can't say much more than what's already been said .... except,   why hasn't it been released on Region 1(US, etc) DVD?? (sigh)
B000O1799U|5.0|AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!  I cannot describe how much I love this movie and this soundtrack.  My roommates and i have watched it like four times in the last two weeks and we listen to the cd daily.  Jennifer Hudson and Beyonce are fabulous. The story is great- and deeply moving.
B00011F5DK|5.0|The game Blokus is easy enough, but in practice it is much more difficult and therefore much more fun to play.  A friend of mine bought it and brought it into my college.  Suddenly, its THE thing to play in the commuter lounge.  There are mnay different strategies you can pursue and each one offers its own unique challenges, especially when the other players throw a wrench in the works.  Requires a lot of planning ahead, flexibility, level-headedness, and effeciency.  Get this game and you won't be disappointed.    The only drawback is that to really recieve full enjoyment, you need to have four players.  This isn't too much of a problem, as it isn't hard to get your friends hooked into the game.  As much as it makes you think, its pure fun.    If you still aren't convinced, head over to the official website and try to play it online (its free).  You won't be disappointed, though the computer AI is a little tough to get a hang of if you've never played before.
1932100660|5.0|I purchased this book because it was recommended to my mother by her vascular surgeon. He told her he lives by this book and feels better than he has in his life. I'm currently reading this book and what an eye opener! I am already changing my eating habits and feeling better for it. This is a definite must for anyone interested in a better diet and better health!
B0002IQEHI|5.0|When I first saw this movie, I wasn't worldly enough to appreciate the final shot (train plunging into tunnel).  After all, I was only 12 years old.  I wandered into a neighborhood theatre one afternoon and saw this picture, probably lured by the poster showing Cary Grant being chased by a biplane.  This was when neighborhood movie houses showed big-screen movies on a big screen.  It was real moviegoing then.  The screens have gotten smaller and so have the movies.<br /><br />I was enthralled from start to finished.  I resolved to be suave & debonaire like Grant when I grew up.  I missed the mark, by just a little.  I thought Eva Marie Saint was the most beautiful creature I had ever laid eyes on.  The scene where they meet in the dining car is amazing.  Any fan of movie romance shouldn't miss it.<br /><br />I think Sean Connery studied this movie when he got the James Bond part.
B00005JKGK|5.0|This is a wonderful, thought provoking movie about 3 women and their 3 daughters.  The individual stories of the 3 mothers are told in flashback.  Each woman suffered terrible loss and heart break in their homeland.  The film moves from past to present seemlessly.  The stories of the 3 modern American daughters and their mothers unfold during a huge celebration party for daughter June, who is flying to China to be reunited with her long lost twin half-sisters.      This movie is heart wrenching at points.  During some of the story telling I was amazed at the degree of pain and suffering another human benig can withstand and still go on living.  But the point is, they do go on living, and they pass their strength on to their daughters who are each enduring their own heartache, disappointments and struggles.      This is a movie that every female should see.  My 13 year old son even watched it with me and my daughter, long before Amy Tan's book became required reading at his middle school.  Although I do agree to some extent that this is a \\"chick flick\\" I also believe that a man can gain great insight into the deepest heart of a woman by viewing this film.  I highly recommend it.
B000VDDDY6|2.0|Over the years Paramount has charged more than any other studio charges for box sets but being a fan bought them (TOS, TNG,DS9 and Voyager) anyway, reluctantly, because of the high price.<br />So what does Paramount do when they have run out of Series priced at over a hundred dollars a pop? They start remastering the original show and hike the price up even more. This is for product that has essentially been released already so why not a substantially lower price? They want a higher bonus for Christmas this year?<br />The effects themselves? Pretty darn cool and this is coming from someone who thought they would distract from the show itself like Lucas' effects in the Star Wars movies when he redid them.<br />If you have the money, buy them I guess but would rather people Not buy them so Paramount will have to lower the price.
B000LC55F2|5.0|I picked this up because I think Christian Bale is an incredible actor.  I was pleasantly surprised by the movie's storyline.  I can honestly say that this a movie that is great the first time around and even better when you watch it a second time.  SUPERB ACTING ALL THE WAY AROUND!
B00006JDU9|5.0|My five year old son is a huge Star Wars fan.  We have watched this DVD many times and he never gets tired of it.
B00003CXRM|5.0|This has got to be one of the funniest movies ever made.  And one of the cleverest, too.  Three guys escape from a chain gang, make a hit record, become \\"rock stars\\" of sorts without knowing it, escape an attack on them by the Ku Klux Klan, survive a flood, become honorary advisors to the Governor and live happily ever after.  Along the way, one of them gets turned into a toad by sirens, gets squished, \\"comes back to life\\" where he, coincidentally, meets up with his fellow escapees in a movie theater which, just happens to be filled with inmates from the chain gang they escaped from.  Interested?  You should be.  I have 2 young children and whenever we watch this movie they cannot stop laughing.  Neither can I.  Rent or buy this movie.  Enjoy yourself!
B000H0MKGK|5.0|John Mayer is so very talented.  I love this cd and play it all the time. I have 7 favorite tracks on Continuum, which is quite unusual.  If you like John Mayer, you will not be disappointed.
0345479092|5.0|I read this while nursing my 4 week old daughter. We started EASY right away by her 8th week she was sleeping all night (11p-530a). Sometime around 3-4 months she started sleeping until 830a and she dropped the 11p dream feed. At 23 months old she still has the same routine down by 6pm and she sleeps until 8am.  I didn't follow the book to the letter, I let my daughter nurse back to sleep but I figure the more they eat during the day the less they eat at night. At any rate this booked taught me a lot about routine and that has been key to helping my child sleep well. .
B000R7HY0K|1.0|greedy pigs.  how on earth can they justify releasing terror planet and deathproof seperatly.  the whole hype behind this film was the fact that it was a double feature.  i guess QT or RR dont have enough money as it is.  week dude, completley week.  They obviously dont respect fans of their work.
B000H7JD4A|2.0|First song \\"Different World\\" is fantastic.  From there it just goes downhill.  Songs are mostly slow and plodding, production is stripped down to the point it loses all the energy the band once had.  The cover artwork is perhaps the least imaginative ever from Maiden.  Looks like an old Stormtroopers of Death cover.    Technically, of course all the playing is spot on, as it should be considering how long all these guys have been doing this.  However, when you add it all up into a song, the sum is not really greater than the parts.      Buy \\"Piece of Mind\\" and forget about this one.
0316010669|5.0|I didn't want to write a review prior to completing the book but I have to say that it is an interesting read into the thought processing and decision making by our subconscious.  I work in the field of stock trading and I know that there are times when snap decisions need to be made.  The book explains some of the success that I have had as a trader as you are bombarded each day with so much information.  Sometimes, your decision to buy or sell a stock hinges on quick decision making...there is no such thing as deliberation when you're trading.
B00005JLKN|5.0|I recently bought The Hannibal Lecter collection here at Amazon.<br /><br />The collection includes The Silence of the Lambs, Hannibal and Manhunter (Done in the 1980's). Manhunter had a \\"Miami Vice\\" look to it.)... The movie was \\"redone\\" several years later, with the name of Red Dragon.<br /><br />It's been many years since I'd seen any of the movies, so I bought Red Dragon and Hannibal Rising as well.<br /><br />The Red Dragon is a good movie. It's just as exciting as the \\"original\\" version, Manhunter.<br /><br />The movie was engrossing. I sat on the edge of my seat, and was suitably frightened by Hannibal Lecter.
B000RG1FMO|1.0|This album was wack i copped that Curtis it was on Fire a couple club bangers and girly songs but that sells to the females go get Curtis it has way sicker flows then Kon G ay fest could come up with it definitly a bootlegger hahaha
B00000JHAU|5.0|I've recently been turned onto Belle and Sebastian, and have bought most of their albums.  \\"Sinister\\" is my favorite.  The melodies are haunting, and the harmonies are beautiful throughout.  Not a bad song on the album.  It has joined my list of all-time great albums
0670848352|5.0|Thankyou Mr. Mason for helping me understand the Vietnam war and it's impact on those who fought.  I was born about the time that you were touching down at your first LZ, and only grew to know the war from television and from my uncle, who was a helecopter pilot as well in vietnam. This book is a must-read sequel that will also shed light on what soldiers returning from the Gulf area must be going through.  Congratulations on such a contribution, and Jerry Fowler is right, God is working through you without a doubt.  You're an inspiration, I am just sorry that you and your family had to suffer so much.
B00005JKCH|5.0|I've been a comics fan since the 1950s. I loved all the superhero comics.<br /><br />Spider-Man was introduced in the early 1960's, along with several other Marvel Super Hero comics. I just loved them all.<br /><br />In many ways I identified mostly with Spider-Man and Daredevil. They are \\"human\\" people, in addition to being superheroes. They have their own emotional problems, and their own challenges in their personal lives.<br /><br />I anxiously awaited this first Spider-Man movie. I wondered how they could handle a character who's been a part of the comic scene for over 40 years. How could they appeal to \\"comics veterans\\" like myself, and to younger people who might be seeing Spider-Man for the first time?<br /><br />I just loved the movie. It reached me on so many levels. Yes, I loved the thrill of action. I loved Tobey Maguire as Spidey, Kirstin Dunce, as MJ...  All of the actors seemed just perfect for the parts they played.<br /><br />Yes, I can't say it enough. I just loved the first Spider-Man movie, and the second one as well.
0679731725|5.0|Brilliant novel about a butler so dedicated to perfection that he suppresses all human emotion in the quest for professional \\"dignity\\" and service to a great man. Feelings of love, grief, guilt & shame are banished in a life of service, and Stevens is ever searching for a way to improve, even in (what should be) casual \\"banterings\\" with a new American employer. However, traces of the butler's humanity emerge as he travels the countryside in hopes of having a former maid return to Darlington Hall. The true character of his former employer, the words of a letter from Miss Kenton, and his own past behavior are under scrutiny during his travels. I loved the subtlety & elegant melancholy of this novel. Thoroughly enjoyable.
B000NVIXFK|5.0|This is an excellent album, all the way through! One of Rush's best in years. Sounds like older Rush in many ways, but with the polish and skill of musicians with two more decades of practice and learning. I do miss the longer, more complicated songs they used to do. While I don't necessarily need to see album-side-length songs like 2112 or Hemispheres, I do miss the longer songs like \\"Natural Science\\" and \\"La Villa Strangiato\\" that they used to do - some of the songs on this album, while they're all excellent, could have used some of the older Rush flair of fleshing them out a bit more, adding some jam sections and metrical insanity. But even without them, it still rocks my socks off, and is miles and miles above most stuff being done today, or even in the past 40 years.<br /><br />Other reviews will give you more on specifics, but let me chime in as a guy who has followed and idolized Rush since my first hearing of my cousin's newly bought \\"All the World's A Stage\\" - this album rocks!<br /><br />Their current tour is absolutely amazing, too - best show I've ever seen them do. And they're doing \\"Witch Hunt\\" and some other golden, rarely performed, oldies. Wonderful!<br /><br />I love Rush, and I love this album!
B000N4SHOE|5.0|This movie is so under rated!! It is wonderfully acted, a true story of love heart break and triumph!! if you are a hopeless romantic and a champion of the under dog you will love this movie- it is not, a story of bunnies and children's books!! Renee Zellwiger is an unbeleivable actress!!! Ewan McGregor once again shines in teaming up with Renee!!
B00005JPFH|1.0|I'm not a Spiderman fan, but I could see how the first one was good.  I thought the second was an absolute disaster, though.<br /><br />Luckily, this one wasn't as terrible as the second.  But that's not saying much.<br /><br />For one, the villains are totally spoiled, in my opinion.  The sandman is so damn mopey and frowney that he's no fun.  He's just one of those \\"honest cons out to help his family\\" and decides the best way to use his new super power is to steal money and give it to his dying child---because the cops wouldn't dare track the money down when he looses it.  He's also apparently invincible, which makes him that much less interesting.<br /><br />Venom, one of my favorite villains from the old cartoon show, is reduced to a snotty little teen brat played by the actor who will forever be known as \\"That Foreman kid from That 70s Show\\", who made very lame wise-ass remarks even while in the Venom suit.  Imagine that fiendish black muscled creature with the huge mouth and snarling fangs suddenly snipping \\"Oh well look, Spiderman, you're like, such a douche!\\"<br /><br />Obligatory from the sequel is the \\"new\\" Goblin in the form of Harry Osborne.  This one seems to be the only one in the right frame of mind for killing Spiderman, as he's the only one who ever comes remotely close.  Unfortunately, he falls victim to the cliche' \\"let me talk to you while we're fighting and rather than do something efficient like stab you or shoot you or blow you up, let me just throw you into things and hope your bones shatter\\", and then ends up sustaining a head injury which SHOULD kill a normal person.  He loses his memory for a while, then slowly regains it long enough to provide the film's one high point for me---making Spiderman cry when Mary Jane walks out on him.<br /><br />Thus we enter Emo Spiderman.  The black venom's effect on Peter Parker, rather than make him anything remotely wicked or sneering, makes him emo.  Any time the venom takes hold of him, his hair goes over his eye emo-style, and he starts acting so ridiculously \\"suave\\", jerking his crotch at women at the street, dancing wildly at the local jazz club, and picking fights with people.  Tobey Maguire shows he's got a lot more acting classes to go through before he can convince us of this new \\"darker\\" Spiderman.<br /><br />Lousy acting, a dense plot, and laughably pathetic characters even more laughably pathetically acted makes this sequel worth watching only because of how bad it was.acting so ridiculously \\"suave\\", jerking his crotch at women at the street, dancing wildly at the local jazz club, and picking fights with people.  Tobey Maguire shows he's got a lot more acting classes to go through before he can convince us of this new \\"darker\\" Spiderman.      Lousy acting, a dense plot, and laughably pathetic characters even more laughably pathetically acted makes this sequel worth watching only because of how bad it was.
B000E1NWJQ|5.0|Much has been written about this recording, pretty much all of it justified. I will only add that what makes this performance and recording of Pines so special is the fact that Reiner treats the score as music, not as empty-headed bombast. That's how it often sounds, but here, everything is so beautfully realized that the end result is simply glorious music-making. No muscle-bound power a la Solti, but flexibility, care, and sensitivity abound. The tempi are ideally judged, the finesse of the playing is beyond compare, the power in the last movement perfectly gauged, the recording matchless for balance and clarity. Fountains is every bit as good. For me, there are no performances that can touch these. La Mer, even with the tape-editing error in the middle movement, shows much the same feel, though in this case there are plenty of competing renditions that will satisfy just as well. The Debussy is fine, the Respighi is as close to perfect as anyone could want.
B0002F7I9Y|1.0|This is the worst thrown together compilation of artists I've ever heard.  Ray's vocals are terrible on this, and the collaboration with other artists seemed to be more about putting thir names on the outside of the album than actually making good music.
B00000K0T8|5.0|this is one of my favorite cd's. im a wu head all day. ghost has been the most consistent and i respect that about him. not only has he been consistent but all his albums have been good. plus i think ghost is quite sexy hope he comes to boston soon ;)
B00005R2M3|5.0|A great intro to Shakira's voice and muscial style. It also shows her growth compared to where she is today.
B0000024JA|5.0|this is his best work. i liked tical 2000 too i think a lot of ppl slept on it. buy it. dont understand why someone wouldnt have this in their collection already!
0316067598|5.0|This outstanding book truly puts you in the place of these fine Navy SEALs...from their amazingly difficult screening and training processes through to the understanding of why these guys consider 'Team First'.  Fast paced, effective writing.  A must read for anyone interested in why these heroes put their lives on the line for our freedom, what it takes to become a SEAL, and the dangers they face on any given deployment.
B000002WPI|5.0|HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE BEST CDS PUT TOGETHER!!! IM A WU HEAD TILL IM 6 FEET UNDER. I MEAN THEY DID FALL OFF BUT YOU CANT DENY THEIR INDIVIUAL TALENTS. THIS HAS TO BE IN MY TOP 5 RAP CDS OF ALL TIME. LOVE THEM
0385522401|2.0|I skimmed through this book, which is not much more than a short story.   The writing is descriptive and one is drawn in to the dilema of the newlyweds but I found it all boring.   Not his best...
B00008973Q|5.0|\\"Ran\\" is long, like a number of Kurosawa's great films, but its imagery is beautiful, majestic, and stunning -- also harrowing. Of course, this is Kurosawa's \\"King Lear,\\" but the Japanese twist is both intelligent and elegantly delivered. It's a little like Stravinsky's neo-classic works -- the references to Shakespeare are sometimes sardonic or ironic, usually meaningfully reverent, and never stoop to parody. The result is an imaginative reinterpretation that crosses cultures.    A+ direction and acting, and do notice the film score!
B000OQF6N6|5.0|THE BAND: Billy Corgan (vocals, guitars, bass, keyboards), Jimmy Chamberlain (drums & percussion). Supporting the album on tour - Jeff Schroeder (guitar), Ginger Reyes (bass), Lisa Hamilton (keyboards).<br /><br />THE DISC: (2007) 12 songs clocking in at approximately 52 minutes. Included with the disc is a 14-page booklet containing song titles/credits, song lyrics, various photos including one each of Corgan/Chamberlain, as well as what looks like events/news/entertainment photographed from a TV set. All songs written by Corgan. There are several different versions of \\"Zeitgeist\\" featuring up to 3 bonus tracks and different colored album cover artwork (red/blue/green/yellow/purple) based on where purchased - i.e. Best Buy, Target, iTunes. Label - Reprise/Warner.<br /><br />COMMENTS: I'd never claim to be a huge Smashing Pumpkins fan, but I do like their music. I own 6 of their studio discs. And, I must say, their music is always interesting. My favorite has always been \\"Siamese Dream\\" (1993), followed by \\"Mellon Collie & The Infinite Sadness\\" (1995). I've also always thought that if Corgan & Co had taken the absolute best songs from \\"Mellon Collie\\" and made it into a  single release - what an amazing album this would've been (much the way I've always related to Guns 'N Roses \\"Use Your Illusion I & II\\" and even The Beatles' \\"White Album\\"). Smashing Pumpkins broke up in 2000/2001. And, after a not-so-stellar Corgan solo album (\\"TheFutureEmbrace\\"), and a quick release with a band named Zwan... the Pumpkins are back - sort of. Those interested in the history of the band(s) know Corgan is the brains of the outfit... past/present/future. And, regardless of who this is here, \\"Zeitgeist\\" is a great rock album. Chamberlain on drums is the only familiar face. Missing is James Iha (guitar) and D'Arcy Wretzky (bass). As noted above, the Pumpkins have more than adequate replacements ready for the tour and possible future studio albums. \\"Zeitgeist\\" is a surprisingly upbeat album. The songs flow together at a wonderful pace. There are some truly heavy guitar riffs, some great vocals.. and not a whole lot of Corgan's self inflicted pain, pity and whining (is the Statue Of Liberty on the album cover really drowning due to global warming?). The album itself reached #2 on the Billboard album chart. \\"Tarantula\\" is/was the first hit released - a great melody, and a wonderfully heavy love song (\\"everything I want is in your eyes\\"). The opener \\"Doomsday Clock\\" is a great political rocker (as are tracks \\"United States\\" and \\"God & Country\\"). Equally important are the mid-tempo more dramatic gems - \\"Bleeding The Orchid\\", \\"Starz\\" and perhaps the happiest and lightest tune \\"Neverlost\\". As I've stated in past reviews, on first listen of a new disc, I'll give each song about 60 seconds. If the song is good, I'll listen through without hitting the skip/forward button (same goes for the rest of the tracks). \\"Zeitgeist\\" is one of those albums that I listened to all the way through without hitting any buttons on the CD player. The one and only thing I would have changed about the album is the last track - leaves the listener exiting on a low note, rather than a high rocking energetic blast. Since the Pumpkins' last release in 2000 (\\"Machina/The Machines Of God\\") was a bag of mixed tunes, and solo projects fell into the same category... I was really excited to see if \\"Zeitgeist\\" could capture some of that special flare from the Pumpkins' mid 90's material. As far as I'm concerned, it has (5 stars).w together at a wonderful pace. There are some truly heavy guitar riffs, some great vocals.. and not a whole lot of Corgan's self inflicted pain, pity and whining (is the Statue Of Liberty on the album cover really drowning due to global warming?). The album itself reached #2 on the Billboard album chart. \\"Tarantula\\" is/was the first hit released - a great melody, and a wonderfully heavy love song (\\"everything I want is in your eyes\\"). The opener \\"Doomsday Clock\\" is a great political rocker (as are tracks \\"United States\\" and \\"God & Country\\"). Equally important are the mid-tempo more dramatic gems - \\"Bleeding The Orchid\\", \\"Starz\\" and perhaps the happiest and lightest tune \\"Neverlost\\". As I've stated in past reviews, on first listen of a new disc, I'll give each song about 60 seconds. If the song is good, I'll listen through without hitting the skip/forward button (same goes for the rest of the tracks). \\"Zeitgeist\\" is one of those albums that I listened to all the way through without hitting any buttons on the CD player. The one and only thing I would have changed about the album is the last track - leaves the listener exiting on a low note, rather than a high rocking energetic blast. Since the Pumpkins' last release in 2000 (\\"Machina/The Machines Of God\\") was a bag of mixed tunes, and solo projects fell into the same category... I was really excited to see if \\"Zeitgeist\\" could capture some of that special flare from the Pumpkins' mid 90's material. As far as I'm concerned, it has (5 stars).
0711986746|5.0|This is a book by Freddie's personal assisant who lived right along side him.  Almost as good as being there yourself.  As far as a Freddie a biography this is at the top of the list along with Mercury and Me by Jim Hutton.  It's good great pictures too. I highly recommend this book and I like to think of myself as a Freddie connoisseur. Can you ever really get enough Freddie stuff.  I think not.
B00005JODK|5.0|When I first heard that Hairspray was going to be made into a movie, I must admit that I was not sure if it would do very well.  I am SO glad that I was wrong.<br /><br />First off, the casting is amazing!  Newcomer Nikki Blonsky (Tracy) completely steals the show with her amazing voice and dancing.  She is going to go far!  I love how she portrayed the character of Tracy in every aspect.<br /><br />I was beyond shocked when I heard that Christopher Walken...the same actor that was in Sleepy Hollow, was in this.  I had no idea that he was a triple threat!  But he really does a great job as Tracy's father Wilber.  He's so funny and sweet...a complete 180 from the characters he normally plays.<br /><br />Michelle Pheiffer (Velma von Tussle) was wonderful as the 'villain.'  She normally does not play the \\"mean\\" person in movies yet like Walken, she pulled it off really well.  I knew that she would be able to sing and dance, having seen the movie Grease 2.  Brittany Snow (Amber von Tussle) was wonderful as well; she fit the role to a \\"T\\"!<br /><br />Current teen idol Zac Efron (Link Larken) surprised me here.  I knew he could dance since I saw High School Musical, but I know he didn't sing (in the first movie anyway).  Yet he sang here and in my opinion, did an outstanding job.  I think his hair was a bit overdone though...he looked like he had just come out of Grease, haha.  But overall, he was a good choice for the part.<br /><br />Queen Latifah...well she's fabulous, as ususal.  After seeing Chicago, I knew that she was the only person who could play Motormouth Maybelle as she did.<br /><br />All right, I saved the best for last...John Travolta.  Oh my goodness!!!  He was absolutely AMAZING!!!!  Nearly everyone knows that he can sing, dance and of course act, but who knew that he could pull off playing a 300 pound woman so darn well?  I sure didn't expect him to.  Again, I'm glad I was wrong.  As Edna, he's (she's) so sweet and really makes you believe that he's a woman.  Very well done.<br /><br />I love the general theme of the movie as well.  It was very well structured and portrays 1962 Baltimore quite well.  I like how it touched on the subject of racism and segregation but at the same time the director and producers didn't over do it and make it the MAIN theme of the movie.  The message of the movie was still there: that you can do anything if you try.<br /><br />This is definitely a movie musical that I am going to purchase when it becomes available.  Anyone who loves musicals will love this movie.neral theme of the movie as well.  It was very well structured and portrays 1962 Baltimore quite well.  I like how it touched on the subject of racism and segregation but at the same time the director and producers didn't over do it and make it the MAIN theme of the movie.  The message of the movie was still there: that you can do anything if you try.      This is definitely a movie musical that I am going to purchase when it becomes available.  Anyone who loves musicals will love this movie.
0385486804|4.0|I enjoyed this book.  I thought the author did a good job of piecing the story together using interviews and journals etc.  This story will be with me for a long time.
B00006AW2F|2.0|This is what it has been billed as - a mixed bag of studio-doctored takes, b-side fodder, and early Jagger/Richards writing attempts. It has a wide variety of styles, focusing on poppy sixties sweetness in the beginning to late sixties outtakes from what would be the start of their halcyon days. There are some nuggets of novelty interest to Stones' fans, especially the more heavily produced, chorus rich, and string flavored takes on Out of Time and Heart of Stone. The songs are unusual and in most cases, not particularly good either. Jagger doesn't possess a vocal quality strong enough to be a true pop sensation. His voice is much more menacing and unrefined for the kind of songs Metamorphosis has a plentitude of and we can thank our Sticky Fingers for that.<br />Jiving Sister Fanny sounds like a Goat's Head Soup outtake despite the recording date with Taylor's straight-ahead solos and Jagger's strained performance. Many people enjoy Wyman's Downtown Suzie but I found it precisely the kind of song that belongs on out-takes. Despite a decent chorus, the verses are really quite awful. There are a few songs that aren't bad but nothing that makes me wish it was released on other more successful albums save If You Let Me which could've replaced a song or two on Between the Buttons and helped improve that album. The tracks Family and I'm Going Down come close to being suitable as well but are in need of better lyrics from Jagger and some fine tuning. Given the writing process of the band, my guess is the band gave these songs as much as they felt they could before bailing out on them.<br />It is an interesting insight into what the Stones might have sounded like had they not been so strongly driven by the blues and avoided being just another short-term pop band. On the other hand, I'm grateful as hell that this is a curiosity rather than a calling card.
0316067598|5.0|I applaud the work our soldiers do for America.  This story is so powerful and inspirational, that you cannot put it down!  You feel compelled to Shout aloud to be and American and sense the Pride that comes from the men who represent us on the firing lines!
B000VZUWZW|5.0|This is funny and cute and I'll watch it again.  i like the characters and want to see more.  Did the actress who plays Penny here play the oldest daughter (Bridgette?) on John Ritter's last show?
0753820250|5.0|Todos aquellos que solemos leer libros sabemos que deberemos leer 10 &oacute; 20 para poder descubrir una obra aceptable y media vida para localizar una obra maestra. Un libro de este tipo no lo es porque la cr&iacute;tica lo diga, porque est&eacute; plagado de figuras literarias o por el dominio del lenguaje que demuestre el escritor. Una obra maestra lo es porque llena nuestro espacio personal de un modo tal que forma parte de las conversaciones que mantenemos con las personas que apreciamos y viaja con nosotros el resto de nuestros d&iacute;as.<br />Es un libro muy entretenido, muy emocionante, de esos que te atrapan no s&oacute;lo por su misterio, sino por la realidad de las emociones que describe. Es un libro precioso, de los pocos que he le&iacute;do y realmente merecieron la pena.<br />Carlos Ruiz Zaf&oacute;n no s&oacute;lo posee un gran dominio del lenguaje que logra describir con sencillez y precisi&oacute;n la Barcelona de los a&ntilde;os 50, sino que demuestra un alto nivel de inteligencia al permitir que los personajes, mediante sus di&aacute;logos y comportamiento, se describan a s&iacute; mismos; sensibilidad que me recuerda mucho a Pedro Almod&oacute;var, ya que requiere una gran capacidad de observaci&oacute;n y comprensi&oacute;n de las relaciones humanas.<br />El libro es una mezcla de g&eacute;neros perfectamente lograda.<br />Cr&eacute;eme, deber&iacute;as leerlo si deseas que algo positivo te acompa&ntilde;e a lo largo de tu vida.<br />Buen viaje.<br />Un beso.
B00005V9HH|5.0|A great film (we all know that) but the extras on the DVD are fabulous.  If you like the film, you'll love this.
0743455967|5.0|As the title suggests, Stephen King's novel \\"On Writing\\" is a descriptive look into the writing process from one writer to another. Part auto-biography, part composition course, King skillfully weaves together his experiences in becoming a writer with advice for the reader on the do's and don'ts of good writing practices. Reminiscing about his childhood and adolescence in the first part of the book, King takes the reader back to a few experiences with a horrific babysitter, excruciating ear infections, critical old-maid teachers, and his growing fascination with the weird and fantastic through sci-fi books and movies. Through his various encounters with writing for home, school, and town newspapers, King develops his early literary framework that eventually becomes the basis for his famous fiction. He elaborates upon his college days, his family, and the publication of his first books, Carrie, and The Shining, as well as exposing the sensitive issue of his drug use and alcoholism while still early into his career as a writer. In the second part of the book, King gives the reader the necessary 'tools' of the craft including vocabulary, grammar, structure and style. He then goes even further with the lesson by inserting various pieces of writing which have been reviewed and edited and he also gives the reader exercises to practice with. The last part of the book is a detailed account of King's terrible accident in 1999 followed by a long recovery and rediscovering the strength to keep writing because \\"sometimes you have to go on when you don't feel like it.\\" \\"On Writing\\" is a valuable piece of work for all writers of all stages to have in their collection. King's dark humor and sarcasm flow nicely with his practical, to-the-point approach. He does not intend to hurt the reader's feelings but he speaks the truth when pointing out not all writers are good writers; but with the correct tools, a little revision, and self-determination, a decent writer can look forward tobecoming a good writer.
B000UR9T8C|1.0|After the superb movie that was Spider-Man 2, I had high expectations for it's successor. I knew it had big shoes to fill, and I wondered how Sam Raimi would top Spider-Man 2.    Unfortunately, he didn't. He didn't even come close. Spider-Man 3 is without a doubt the worst of the three Spider-Man movies. It lost the heart and soul of it's predecessors. It's a horrible mix of rushed plot lines, under developed characters, and over the top stupid cheesiness [the dance sequences, those horrible reporters, and so much more].    Tobey Maguire does his best with a horrible script. But, his ludicrous dancing, ridiculous bad boy emo look, and constant crying, really water down his performance.  Kirsten Dunst delivers her worst performance yet. Her MJ is not at all endearing in any way. She pouts, whines, and complains thru the entire movie. Why does Peter love this girl?  James Franco fares much better, delivering a great performance as the tortured and vengeful Harry Osborn. He is the undisputed star of this movie.  Thomas Haden Church is wasted. The actor himself doesn't even appear on screen most of the time, as his character is usually a large CGI sand cloud or a giant sand monster. The character has virtually no personality, and because of that I failed to feel any kind of connection to the character. The Sandman connection to Uncle Ben was ridiculously contrived and utterly pointless.  Topher Grace is another wasted actor. Eddie Brock is reduced to a few brief appearances at random spots throughout the movie. There is no exploration of the character. No substance given to him. No development. His turn into a villain at the movie's climax is rushed, and brief. Venom is the most forgettable villain of the movie's villain trio, and of the whole Spider-Man movie trilogy.    It's not all entirely bad, though. J.K. Simmons delivers another great turn as Jonah Jameson. Bryce Dallas Howard is utterly sweet and charming as the kind Gwen Stacy, Peter's college friend. Lets hopeshe becomes the new love interest in future sequals.
B00006AUIG|1.0|I rented this movie based on people's lists here. I am completely surprised that such a film would ever make it on to so many top 10 horror movie lists (are you guys copying each other?).     The film is a disjointed collection of scenes that attempts to be clever by keeping the audience guessing as to what troubling secret is plaguing the protagonist (who turns out to be the antagonist). It's an all-too cliche mechanism in movies for the past decade. It's just not done well anymore.    Another common affliction of \\"horror\\" films today is their uncanny ability to consistently create great implications and plot paths early on...and then drop them faster that you can say \\"oops, I almost got scared\\". For example, the tapes one character had discovered were a nice creepy way to unfold the story. However, that element was completely lost in the shuffle of \\"clever\\" editing.     The acting was actually excellent. But the writing was so fabulously weak as to bury the poor thespians despite their best efforts. The setting was also brilliant. However, it too became another casualty of the machine...churning out formulaic poop for all the live long day.    [[ASIN:B00006AUIG Session 9]]
B000A2H812|5.0|I love this album.  It actually met and went beyond my expectations.  There a couple of songs that I needed to replay a few times to better appreciate, but well worth the effort.      This album has a gypsy sound (obviously as the album cover states) with a strong Russian influence and even some latin and reggae thrown in.  Very eclectic.    I had purchased this album about 2 weeks before the band came to town and waited to long to buy tickets to the show.  A real regret I have.    I highly recommend this album to folks who like a wide range of alternative music.  I thought my husband would like it (we have similar tastes) but he passed on this one.  My 16 yr old daughter likes a couple of tunes, but not the whole album.  So, I enjoy it most when I'm in the car on my own.    Buy it!!!
0316789720|4.0|A world is right! So many things to draw in this book. Simple and colorful to enlighten young and old imaginations.
0385522401|1.0|This book was the most boring and ridiclous book that I've read in a long time. I'm sorry that I bought it because it was a waste of money.
B000I5YCCO|4.0|when i first heard \\"Tim Mcgraw\\" i really liked the song but wasn't enough to buy her album and become her fan but after \\"Tearsdrops On My Guitar\\" she really got me! i really can relate with some of her songs and that's the reason why she's making so much sucess...people can relate with her songs and she's trying with sucess be a good role model to her young fans and that makes me adimire her a lot...i'm sure she will get better with time and will become one of the best country singers because she has the talent and the heart in the right place!  like i said you will fall in love with Taylor, she has a sweet voice and she's a beautiful girl too...what more you can ask for?    a little about each song in her own words    Tim McGraw (Taylor Swift & Liz Rose) - \\"This song means so much to me, that's why we wanted it to be the first track on the album. The idea for this song came to me in math class. I just started singing to myself `When you think Tim McGraw.' The concept for this song hit me, because I was dating a guy who moved away, and it was going to be over for us. So I started thinking of things that I knew would remind him of me. The first thing that came to mind was that my favorite song is by Tim McGraw. After school, I went downtown, sat down at the piano, and wrote this with Liz Rose in fifteen minutes. It may be the best fifteen minutes I've ever experienced.\\"    Picture To Burn (Taylor Swift & Liz Rose) - \\"Before I sing this song, I always try to tell the audience that I really do try to be a nice person... but if you break my heart, hurt my feelings, or are really mean to me, I'm going to write a song about you. Haha. This song is the perfect example.\\"    Teardrops On My Guitar (Taylor Swift & Liz Rose) - \\"I used to have a huge crush on this guy, who would sit there every day talking to me about...another girl: how beautiful she was, how nice and smart and perfect she was. And I sat there and listened, never meaning it any of the times I said `Oh, I'm sohappy for you.' I guess this is a good example of how I let my feelings out in songs, and sometimes no other way. And I've never been afraid of using names. I love this song because of its honesty and vulnerability. To this day, they are still together and he has no idea about this song.\\"    A Place In This World (Taylor Swift & Robert Orrall & Angelo) - \\"I wrote this song when I was thirteen and had just moved to Nashville. It was tough trying to find out how I was going to get where I wanted to go. I knew where I wanted to be, but I just didn't know how to get there. I'm really happy this is on the album, because I feel like I finally figured it out.\\"    Cold As You (Taylor Swift & Liz Rose) - \\"I wrote this song with Liz, and I think the lyrics to this song are some of the best we've ever written. It's about that moment where you realize someone isn't at all who you thought they were, and that you've been trying to make excuses for someone who doesn't deserve them. And that some people are just never going to love you. We were halfway through writing this when I started singing `And now that I'm sitting here thinking it through, I've never been anywhere cold as you'.\\"    The Outside (Taylor Swift) - \\"This is one of the first songs I ever wrote, and it talks about the very reason I ever started to write songs. It was when I was twelve years old, and a complete outcast at school. I was a lot different than all the other kids, and I never really knew why. I was taller, and sang country music at karaoke bars and festivals on weekends while other girls went to sleepovers. Some days I woke up not knowing if anyone was going to talk to me that day. I think every person comes to a point in their life when you have a long string of bad days. You can choose to let it drag you down, or you can find ways to rise above it. I came to the conclusion that even though people hadn't always been there for me, music had. It's strange to think how different my life would be right nowif I had been one of the cool kids.\\"    Tied Together With A Smile (Taylor Swift & Liz Rose) - \\"One of my best friends is absolutely beautiful. She goes to beauty pageants and wins everything. Girls want to be her and guys want to be with her. I wrote this song the day I found out about her eating disorder. It completely blew my mind, and this one was tough to write, because I wasn't just telling some sad story. This was real. This song is basically about the girls I know, and the difficult things I saw them go through. I've never seen this song as a lecture. It's really about how no matter what my friends go through, I'm always going to love them.\\"    Stay Beautiful (Taylor Swift & Liz Rose) - \\"After hearing my songs, a lot of people ask me, `How many boyfriends have you HAD?' And I always tell them that more of my songs come from observation than actual experience. In other words, you don't have to date someone to write a song about them. This is a song I wrote about a guy I never dated! Wow, right? Haha. This song is about a guy I thought was cute, and never really talked to him much. But something about him inspired this song, just watching him.\\"    Should've Said No (Taylor Swift) - \\"Just being a human being, I've realized that before every big problem you create for yourself, before every huge mess you have to clean up, there was a crucial moment where you could've just said no. This is a song I wrote about a guy who never should have cheated on me.\\"    Mary's Song (Oh My My My) (Taylor Swift & Liz Rose & Brian Maher) - \\"I wrote this song about a couple who lived next door to us. They'd been married forever and they came over one night for dinner, and were just so cute. They were talking about how they fell in love and got married, and how they met when they were just little kids. I thought it was so sweet, because you can go to the grocery store and read the tabloids, and see who's breaking up and cheating on each other (or just listen to some of my songs, haha). But it was really comforting to know that all I had to do was go home and look next door to see a perfect example of forever.\\"    Our Song (Taylor Swift) - I just sat down one day with my guitar and got in a groove, and went with it. I like to write about how music affects people, and this was fun to write because it's about a couple who DOESN'T have a song. I like the banjo and you really can't go wrong with banjo. I wanted it to be last on the album, because the last line of the chorus is `play it again'. Let's hope people take it as a hint to go ahead and play the album again. Haha!\\"
1594489505|4.0|This was a very touching story and unfortunately there are probably some true ones just like it, if not worse.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|i don't understand how can some people say that they are disappointed with this album... i love the fact that Kanye is trying new things and refuse to play safe like others artists, the sound the brought on this album is really unique and refreshing and i give props to him!  my favorite song is \\"Big Brother\\", he show to us why he is unique giving us an amazing tribute to his mentor Jay-Z, i don't see many artists doing what he did.  overall i'm really happy that i bought his album and it's my favorite album of the year so far.    top 3    1 - Big Brother  2 - I Wonder  3 - Stronger
1878424505|5.0|Good heavens, who does Miguel Ruiz think I am?  I would have to be enlightened to faithfully follow his four agreements.  On a good day, I might follow one with only two or three mishaps.  One a bad day, I could break all four at least once each.  But I do not keep score.  If I did, I would get depressed, which is possibly a violation of Agreement Two and maybe Agreement Four.<br /><br />Agreement One: I try to be impeccable with my word.  I really do.  But I find myself telling little white lies.  \\"No, I meant to be there on time, but I was just run over by a train.  It was going really, really slow too.\\"  I tell white lies all the time!  I have to lie; otherwise I would be the most hated man in my family.  How would I respond if my wife said, \\"Honey, am I getting fat?\\"  There is only one sane answer to that, and it's not, \\"Well, Dear, you are getting a little pudgy around the waist.  And I noticed your arms are a little flabby.  Turn around so I can see you from behind.\\"  I guess you could say I'm a failure when it comes to the First Agreement.  And my wife, by the way, is not pudgy.<br /><br />Agreement Two: I take everything personally.  How else am I supposed to take it?  If you call me handsome, I take that personally, although I will act bashful.  If you call me ugly, I will take that personally too, although I will act unconcerned.  I suppose I could take things as though I were one of my daughters, or my cat.  But that would require some sort of psychic ability, of which I have none.  I am a complete failure on the Second Agreement.  I am still mad, really mad at one of my grade school teachers.  She was so mean.  As a matter of fact, who does this Miguel Ruiz think he is?  We already have 10 commandments.  Do we really need four more agreements?<br /><br />Agreement Three: Don't make assumptions sounds like good advice.  But is it really?  It's very assumptive to assume we should not make assumptions.  I make assumptions all the time.  I have to make assumptions.  If I see an angry dog charging me from across the street, I assume the dog is going to bite me.  If I see a tree limb falling toward my head, I assume it's going to hit me.  When my kids get that certain tone of voice, I assume they're going to ask for money.  And they do.  I assume Miguel Ruiz hates me or he would not have assumed that I would respond positively to this agreement.  I am a failure at Agreement Three.<br /><br />Agreement Four: Always do your best?  What happened to \\"The perfect is the enemy of the good?\\"  In any case, I actually do try to do my best almost always, and it's a curse.  I try to do my best at being impeccable with my words, and I fail.  I try my best not to take anything personally, and I fail.  I try my best not to make assumptions, and I fail.  And I try my best to try my best, and I usually, God help me, succeed.  Why do I say God help me?  My best often falls short of the mark.<br /><br />So, if I were Miguel, I would add a fifth agreement.  And it would be, \\"Treat yourself with compassion when you fail the other four agreements because you will fail.\\"  I like that.  Then, even if I fail the fifth agreement, I will treat myself with compassion sooner or later.  And if I treat myself with compassion, I will keep plugging away at those other four agreements; which by the way are really quite wonderful, especially when I can fail.<br /><br />I think I failed Agreement Three again.  I bet if I look a little closer look at \\"The Four Agreements\\" I would find that Miguel Ruiz has sprinkled compassion throughout its pages.  Perhaps that is why I like it so much.<br /><br />Thank you, John C. Conley, Author of \\"Letters to My Friends: A No Guarantees Guide to Awakening.\\"gry dog charging me from across the street, I assume the dog is going to bite me.  If I see a tree limb falling toward my head, I assume it's going to hit me.  When my kids get that certain tone of voice, I assume they're going to ask for money.  And they do.  I assume Miguel Ruiz hates me or he would not have assumed that I would respond positively to this agreement.  I am a failure at Agreement Three.    Agreement Four: Always do your best?  What happened to \\"The perfect is the enemy of the good?\\"  In any case, I actually do try to do my best almost always, and it's a curse.  I try to do my best at being impeccable with my words, and I fail.  I try my best not to take anything personally, and I fail.  I try my best not to make assumptions, and I fail.  And I try my best to try my best, and I usually, God help me, succeed.  Why do I say God help me?  My best often falls short of the mark.    So, if I were Miguel, I would add a fifth agreement.  And it would be, \\"Treat yourself with compassion when you fail the other four agreements because you will fail.\\"  I like that.  Then, even if I fail the fifth agreement, I will treat myself with compassion sooner or later.  And if I treat myself with compassion, I will keep plugging away at those other four agreements; which by the way are really quite wonderful, especially when I can fail.    I think I failed Agreement Three again.  I bet if I look a little closer look at \\"The Four Agreements\\" I would find that Miguel Ruiz has sprinkled compassion throughout its pages.  Perhaps that is why I like it so much.    Thank you, John C. Conley, Author of \\"Letters to My Friends: A No Guarantees Guide to Awakening.\\"
B000002NAK|5.0|THE SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT== THE BOOK WAS MY OPINION BUT DO NOT TAKE IT OUT ON THE SERVICER..
B000002UC5|5.0|I heard Paul McCartney wrote, recorded, produced and played each instrument on this CD.  I owned it when it first came out on a 33 rpm album.  I couldn't believe it when I found this copy after all these years.
B00009V7P8|5.0|Damien Rice is an absolutely brilliant song writer, and everything on O is excellent.  His voice is raw and beautiful and the emotion he feels whilst singing shines through in all of his songs.  I highly recommend this CD to everyone.  Damien also puts on a breathtaking live show and is a really nice down to earth guy.  He is just all around awesome.
B000000YWO|2.0|I bought this on the recommendation of the two other reviews here, and I've got to say it's by far the weakest and most boring Bill Evans album I own, of about forty. Buy it at your own risk; almost any other official Evans recording is more exciting and interesting than Quintessence.<br /><br />The line-up is great, but it sounds like everyone phoned their performances in. I never thought Evans could make an elevator-jazz record, but here it is. It's smooth jazz, Evans-style, which is still decent, but hardly real Bill Evans jazz (which is some of the sweetest music ever made, to my ears). The sound is good, but the soul is weak.<br /><br />For anyone else, this might have been a decent if uneventful outing; for Evans, it's a nadir. By his standards, this is a true stinker. Little emotion or fire from anyone, muted interplay, and the overall feeling that they were all up the whole night partying, then remembered at dawn they had a session at noon.<br /><br />Bass Face has some good moments, but compared to Evans' other work, this would be the worst track on most of his albums.<br /><br />At first I thought it was that I wasn't listening properly; it happens to us all, great music can sometimes not hit you immediately. But, after repeated tries in various settings and states of mind, I can affirm my initial impression: boring. Even his normally fiery interplay with Jones is missing. This was a weak period for Evans, just before his renaissance for the last few years before his death, and his lack of commitment and inspiration is obvious if you know his other eras well.<br /><br />Save your money. Quintessence is for Evans completists only. Even then, you're better off chasing bootlegs than getting this.<br /><br />Two stars is by comparison to normal Evans quality. For any other group, it's a 3-star album, if a lackluster one.<br /><br />No offense to those who love this record; I'm just trying to save folks some money so they can buy one of at least a couple dozen superior Evans recordings.<br /><br />PS This was NOT one of Bill's favorites; where exactly has anyone read that it was? His son stated that it most certainly was NOT. He might know.superior Evans recordings.<br /><br />PS This was NOT one of Bill's favorites; where exactly has anyone read that it was? His son stated that it most certainly was NOT. He might know.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|your delivery was quick and prices are great  I knew what I was puchasing it was something i always wanted to own on DVD
0684833395|5.0|A very, very funny book. Damn sad too, when you see that nothing's changed in 50 or 2,000 years. We're still killing strangers in the name of our flag while the men who send us to be killed make vast fortunes from the deaths of endless innnocents.<br /><br />I'm guessing they don't make recruits read this during base camp.<br />It would empty out rather quickly...
B000R7HY0K|1.0|Where is the theatrical release????????    Theatrical release = 5 stars    These separate DVDs = 0 stars    thumbs down on this decision
B000SM7QUC|5.0|I didn't even know this CD came out until I heard it in my friends car, upon which I instantly got it.<br /><br />This CD is about Sixx's experience on heroin. The music is very dark and very powerful. It seems to be a hybrid of glam and metal, very unique. I'm not quite sure who to recommend this CD to... the emotion and pain of the lyrics sends chills down my spine. And yet in the same way its inpiring, that one can overcome an impossible obstacle. When listening to this CD everything else seems unrealistic, even the worst problems in my life are a shadow under Sixx's addiction.<br /><br />Hands down 5 stars, if you don't think it sounds interesting at least listen to what you can on amazon, its worth hearing.
B00000IQW5|5.0|Great performances by Dreyfus and Hunter. This movie has real depth and is very touching.
0060578793|5.0|This book is full of useful and practical survival tips. Full color illustrations helps outline edible and poisonus plants. From setting up camp to tracking and killing animals this book has it all. I recommend it to anyone interested in camping and wilderness survival.
0345409671|2.0|I loved the first three books, particularly The Vampire Lestat and Queen of the Damned.  This book was extremely boring and I am a person very interested in religion.  I think that Rice has an original and interesting perspective on hell and the devil which she divulges in this book but it is so drawn out and rediculously boring.  I have almost never found myself skipping pages in a book (last time may have been Grapes of Wrath in 10th grade) but I did that here.  Also Lestat turns in to some kind of emotional superpansy in this book and can not make any decisions on his own.
B000MZHW40|5.0|This movie was on my watch list for quite a while.  Just think of the cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Djimon Hounsou and beautiful Jennifer Connelly.  It is a story about diamonds collected in Sierra Leone - scenery of Africa we have not seen since \\"Out of Africa movie\\" with all the cruelty it comes with: children oldiers, killings, white mercenaries from Rhodesia, South Afrika and other former colonies.  It is a story of greed, fatherly love and love in all the wrong places.  It is political satire (one minor character says at one moment  \\"We are lucky they did not find oil here - imagine what mess we would be in?\\") and also morality tale to about conflict that comes with beauty of the diamonds.  This is multi-dimensional movie and it does deserve the praise that it got at the Academy awards.  It is also fantasic to see two characters played by Leonardo and Djimon bond althought they could not be more different from any point of view.  Although difficult to watch at some moments, it is definitely a gem of a movie I have seen lately.
B000RJO57I|4.0|Where Shaun of the Dead spoofed the zombie movie genre, this movie spoofs the buddy action flick.  I thought this movie was hillarious but not quite as innovative as Shaun of the Dead was.
B000957O7S|4.0|My wife picked this movie and I reluctantly watched it.  I couldn't decide whether or not to write a review for this DVD.  I was on the fence, but in the end I decided that it did merit a couple of comments.  I wouldn't consider myself a Will Smith fan by any means, so truth be told my expectations were pretty low to begin with.  Will Smith won me over.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Set in New York, I would discribe the movie as fun, sweet, cute and innocent. - polished but not glossy.  Although the movie is very \\"safe\\" and doesn't tackle any hard truths, it will remind you of how awkward dating was or is for everyone.  The movie floats along and contains nothing heavy, nothing to learn, and no special message - it's pure fluff and yes - with a very predictable conclusion.  Watch it with someone you love for the feelings it will invoke in you.  The movie will leave you with a smile on your face and joy in your heart.  I can't quiet put my finger on exactly why I liked it - but I liked it enough to buy it and didn't feel like I wasted my time or money after it was over.
B000F48CD8|4.0|I never thought much of Jack White and was prepared to write this off as hipster hype, but you just can't deny the pure unadulterated Zeppelinesque rock on this disc. Maybe it helps having a drummer who knows that there's more on the kit than a kick drum? Anyways, I stand corrected. Icky Thump isn't that bad either, now that I think about it.
B000MRAAJW|3.0|Enjoy the footage, but purchased the regular (not HD) for step-father at Father's Day, and the HD is missing some of the footage available, especially the extras.  Also, some of the episodes are different ~ the snow leapord scene is missing bits . . . still a great experience in HD!
B0002IQAN6|4.0|Great music, and a great transfer to SACD multichannel.  It seems to be much easier to allow your ear to focus on the various instruments as the band plays.  You get much more effect of being in a small concert hall with this mix.  Even though it's the original mix, anyone with the right equipment (SACD Player and a decent 5.1 surround system) shouldn't be dissapointed in getting this SACD.
B000IZJZLM|1.0|Here they are, ladies and gentlemen, the Limp Bizkit, no!- the INSANE CLOWN POSSE of the classical world!  Assembled by Simon Cowell - that perpetually irritated Brit with hair designed by Frank Lloyd Wright (is he sure AI stands for American Idol and not Artificial Intelligence?) - these four plastic-faced young lads can make you weep like a baby, though not from the soaring emotion in their voices (there is none), but merely from the immense pain they will inflict upon your eardrums.  You see, Simon Cowell is an expert at crushing the dreams of youngsters hopeful of a career in music, and with Il Divo, he's successfully crushed my dream, as well - the one where I envisioned a world where music like this doesn't exist.    I can't quite decide which is the worst aspect of this music: the unsubtle, glossed-over arrangements; its shameless marketing angle which tries to pass it off as classical music when it is actually mainstream pop sung with operatic vocals, or Il Divo themselves, who, with each successive album, sound more and more enthusiastic about the fact that they are howling together like a quartet of banshees.  Honestly, do they have to use a wind-tunnel's worth of vibrato with every single note they sing????  No, they don't - because when they do, and harmonize together with it, the composite timbre they produce wavers so much that they may as well be singing in different keys.  Really folks, these guys are incisive as a Jimmy Buffett lyric - as soulful as a Heart guitar solo.  Wait, did I call this \\"music,\\" earlier?  Note that I'm using that term loosely.    Also note that since Il Divo have rehashed the same basic album's worth of material three times now and simply slapped a new cover picture and title on it each time - failing at every turn to muster up any inkling of progress or creativity - that I myself shall replicate their incomparable lack of effort and repost this same review on all of their material!  What's the difference anyway, ay boys??!!And so now we must ask ourselves, where will Rocketship Il Divo finally land?  What fate beholds this blindingly chiseled foursome who dare to call themselves \\"singers.\\"  Well, hopefully a few years from now, after the last scratched-up Il Divo CD lands in your local used record store's 99 cent bin, and after the last half-deaf grandma empties her change purse to buy it, maybe one or two of these guys will succeed in a semi-respectable opera career, still blasting a melody from their vocal cords, composed by someone else, still (for ever and always) a dangling puppet of the mainstream music machine.    One of the worst groups ever recorded.  Period.
B000JJS8TM|5.0|You must get this to really show off your surround sound system.  My wife and I also saw the LOVE show in Vegas a few months ago, and I would highly recommend going to the show, as well.    I would just LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it, if the producers would put the Beatles catalog in multichannel sound.  I would be the very first in line.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|Very good quality Blue-Ray, the spirit of the movie is the same as in the cinema version, beautiful images. Great movie!
B000MGVCFO|5.0|I think a lot has been written about the compressed sound of these SACD Surround Mixes, and for the most part, they are correct.  But... I'm one person that is glad that I own this SACD.  Even with the flaws mentioned from above, I'm glad that at least someone took the time to release these fine gems to the public.  Could they have done a better job on the remastering?  You bet.  But it could've been worse.      If you enjoyed EGBDF when it was originally released, and you have the SACD equipment to enjoy the surround sound version of this fine album, by all means go out and get it.  I would recommend any and all of these Moody Blues SACD releases.  Ah, the memories come flooding back.  And this time in wonderous surround sound.
B00062ZE58|5.0|I absolutely love this album. Its music is rich with inspiration and beauty. It's funny because I actually stumbled on this group. The first song I heard from them is Memories in a Champions League special highlights program. And then I was just taken away by this album. It really puts you at ease, and its metallic but yet peaceful rythm can really calm you down. Definitely recommend this.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Got a new hdtv and a blu-ray (or hd dvd) player? Then this MUST be your first purchase. Just bought a Sony Bravia KDL-40W3000 40\\" 1080p LCD HDTV<br />from Amazon and I love it. You really get what you pay for. I found myself trying hard to concentrate on the commentator but I was so amazed by the picture.... Stop reading reviews and buy the thing already.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|Anyone who hasn't seen Serenity and Firefly, the TV show that preceeded it, doesn't know what they are missing.  Really well developed characters, great dialogue, great story, great acting.  Joss Whedon writes some of the best female characters around.  No idiodic portrayals of a woman dying of a broken heart and leaving her twin babies motherless like someone in a more famous sci-fi movie.  These people could be real and they are all characters that are flawed, but have a lot to be admired for too.
0743496728|5.0|The relevance of Nineteen Minutes is breathtaking, especially considering its March 2007 publication, pre-dating so eerily and similarly the shootings at Virginia Tech one month later in April, 2007.  I can't begin to imagine what must have been in Jodi Picoult's head as she watched television reports and the unraveling of that bloody April morning on a traumatized university campus, comparing them to the events and people that she had invented in her novel.  Clearly, I am not suggesting a connection between the two events, but rather indicating Picoult's prescience and insights and her understanding of the way Columbine-like tragedies foment, take shape, and then, in some rare instances, blow a community right out of the water.<br /><br />The setting of this novel is a New Hampshire community and its high school where a murderous nineteen-minute rampage occurs, resulting, naturally, in tragedy for an entire community.  Its plot rests on some  disturbing interactions of characters that include young children,  adolescents, their families, and eventually members of the law-enforcement and judicial systems.  The reality of the pecking order of high-school society comes into sharp focus along with the age-old and too often brutal and brittle rules of memberbership.  Just as relevant, the path by which one arrives at his or her position in that society is examined, BUT not judged.  The author's insight into the human condition is remarkable, and it becomes very hard to maintain a judgmental attitude while in her purview.  She makes the reader sympathetic even with the character(s) least likely, seemingly, to deserve that emotion.  Measured understandings somehow creep into the emotional mix and neutralize the negatives.  There's hardly a character--good or bad--in this novel whom the reader will not recognize.  We've met them all somewhere along the way--and maybe sometimes even in the mirror.  As in earlier novels, the author again deals with a truly troubling social issue: this time,  campus shootings.  Or was it bully-ing?  Either one or either way, Picoult finds a connection and engages her readers, providing ample food for thought.<br /><br />If you are a Jody Picoult reader and fan, you know that if you are not drawn into the plot by the end of the first page, you most surely will be by the middle of the second.  Nothwithstanding probable parent uproar, this would be a good book for high school students to read.  Teachers, too.  There is little doubt that it would cause spirited discussion and maybe some serious and valuable introspection.
1416523359|5.0|Lisey, a woman who was married to a best-selling author, finds she is widowed. Two years after her husband's death, she still needs to figure out how to deal with her loneliness and with the reality of the nightmarish aspects of her life with Scott. As she goes through her husband's belongings to discover the truths of their married life, a deranged stalker complicates the situation. The plot entwines around the story of her discoveries, her mentally ill sister, and a magical place to where she discovers that her husband often escaped.<br /><br />Although there are many scenes of violence and of abuse, the book is filled with comprehensively developed characters and vivid setting descriptions, both of which make this a remarkably memorable and fascinating book, one that will stay with the reader for many, many haunting months.
1594489505|5.0|If you're not a real historian and you love historical fiction like I do, this book may help you, like it did me, to get and understanding of Afghanistan and what the people have gone through for the past 30 years.  It also opened my eyes as to what selfish horrible leaders, with the backing of their extremist religions, can do to people.  The two heroines in the book are loving, hard working women who deserve  good lives and yet both are kicked back and suffer immensely.  One of the two ends up sacrificing her life to make the lives of others better.<br /><br />The book is well written and compelling.  We get to know our heroines well and through the excellent characterizations and through their relationships with the men in their lives, the leaders of the era and especially through their devotion to the kids involved in the story, we grow to love and admire them and we gain sympathy for the plight of Afghanistan and, as Americans, only hope that all of the work, money and sacrifice of our military and country, we have actually helped to stabilize the area and bring peace and freedom to a country that has so suffered so long.<br /><br />I loved the story and the book and will automatically read the author's next book.  I hope your eyes will be opened by this book and that you'll feel the love that I felt in reading it.
B00005JKJA|5.0|The first time I saw Mullholland Drive, I was impressed by it, but also more than a little confused, like many viewers, specially in the second part of the movie. After watching it two more times, I believe it is a true masterpiece, with a wonderful clockwork screenplay: many things that look arbitrary in a first viewing, came neatly into place after repeated sightings. The movie is structured in two parts (SPOILERS INCLUDED, don't read if you haven't yet seen it): a real part and a dream part. While the real part comes first chronologically, Lynch shows the dream first. In the \\"real\\" part, Diane (Naomi Watts) is one of those many girls that arrived in Hollywood from small towns throughout North America dreaming of getting a big break in the silver screen. Unfortunately for her, she is a mediocre actress. In a casting, she meets another actress called Camila (Laura Harring), who gets the main role. They become friends, get to live together, and eventually fall in love. Camila becomes successful in town, and she helps Diane in getting small roles in the movies she stars in. But Camila falls in love with one of her directors, Adam, so she and Diane splits bitterly. Some time later, Camila invites Diane to a party, where she is humiliated by the guests, and becomes silently enraged when Camila and Adam become engaged. In that party, she mets a few individuals (a man with a cowboy hat, Adam's mother) that would later appear in her dreams, in another roles. (Here Lynch deftly understands the logic of dreams, where people one knows usually appear under different names or roles). After the party, Diane hires a hit-man to kill Camila. He tells her that when the job is done, he will drop a blue key under her door. When Diane later finds the key and becomes aware than Camila is dead, she becomes remorseful, and shots herself. As she agonizes between life and death, Diane has a last dream, which is the first part of the movie. In the dream, Diane is the great actress she wishes she has been. As in the real part, she arrives in Hollywood for a movie career, but unlike reality, in the dream she is talented and successful. In her apartment, she founds an amnesic woman (who has the face of Camila). As for Adam, since she hates him for being engaged with Camila, she imagines him in horrible situations, cheated by his wife, being forced by mobsters in making his movies in a way he doesn't like. The cowboy Diane met at the party appears here as scaring Adam into picking another actress for the main role in the movie. The hit-man she hired is presented as impossibly clumsy, perhaps in her secret desire that he didn't do his job well. There are many things more, but I hope you get the idea of the structure present in the movie, and why it is not arbitrary but has its own impeccable logic. This is Lynch's best film, with a superb screenplay, and a nifty understanding of dream logic.
1892005034|5.0|Life and self matter. This book is similar to Dr. Phil McGraw, however it's easier to read and quicker to understand
B000C20VPA|5.0|I probably haven't seen this movie for about, oh, five years.  Now after watching it again, I remember why it was so unforgettable.  From the actual Casino, to the acting on all parts... this movie is complete.  Success(Taxi Driver) after success(Raging Bull) after success(Goodfellas).  In my opinion Scorsese is one of the top three movie directors of all time at showing us, what it's like to be a gangster.  Just over this last year, I've watched all of Scorsese's movies more than twelve times each(next on the list, Casino).  Robert De Niro in the late 80's and early 90's for me, was a gangster.  I was twelve years old when I first watched this and trust me that's what he was in my eyes.  Now I just see him as one of the best actors of his generation.  From award wins to being flat out hilarious, I envy the talent he has.  Joe Pesci(My Cousin Vinny) and Sharon Stone(Basic Instinct) melted on and off screen during their careers.  I like them both as actors and individuals.  Resembling a sorta couple of two-faced/thieves such as  Bonnie and Clyde.  Contributing everything to the supporting cast.  Although, one thing I do think of whenever I do watch this movie; is how that I think this was the last great film in both of their careers.  It's a movie to watch for that reason alone.  Imagine watching the Scorsese film \\"Goodfellas\\", excluding and including a couple of faces, with new characters and new settings.  And that's what you get, better badder gangsters.  It's pretty much of what would've happened if \\"Goodfellas\\" had a happy ending.  De Niro, Pesci, Stone, Scorsese, Gangsters, and Gambling.  If one of these names or words triggers a part of your brain when reading, watch \\"Casino\\".  It's a classic for all of these reasons.  I don't know if this review will be that helpful, or new in anyway.  But it's nice to encourage to have fun.  \\"And that's that\\"  [[ASIN:0790729725 GoodFellas]] [[ASIN:B000M5AJQS The Departed (Two-Disc Special Edition)]] My other two most favorite Scorsese films today.
1899618740|5.0|A fascinating concept.  The illusion is very real and deceptively simple. This book does a good job of presenting a very clever idea. Everybody who sees it is flabbergasted.
0634029355|5.0|Unless you are someone who dosen't have a clue and you mistake this DVD of Guitar Instruction for live Clapton Concert Footage: You will thoroughly enjoy this item.  This DVD is very well done: I would rate it excellent in the line of \\"Signiture Licks\\" instructional video. I would rate it up there with the Hendrix \\"Learn to Play Songs from Are You Experienced\\" video/DVD by Hal Leonard. This Clapton stroll down nostalgic lane is not as comprehensive as that but it is of the same superior quality.  I could have wished for more songs to be included but the ones that are included are must know songs for any Clapton student.  If you want live concert try the most recent \\"Live at Albert Hall Reunion Concert\\" : Even though the band seems uninspired and tired and the audiance seems way too subdued for a Cream concert, the music is still vibrant. I've been playing for almost 30 years and Clapton is one of my favorite teachers.  I still found the DVD very helpfull.  Beginner or seasoned vet will find much practical information and tips herein.  The instruction is clear and conscise. The Songs are Great! The tips and tricks are informative.  I couldn't let one misguided simpleton ruin this treasure for the rest of us. I highly recommend this DVD.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|My girlfriend made me see this movie and she basically dragged me kicking and screaming.  Especially after she mentioned \\"romantic musical.\\" After nearly gagging myself into a coma, I had no choise but to succumb.  And I will say as a person that DEFINITELY dispises love movies and CANNOT stomach musicals, this movie was shockingly great. The music is good, and as a real musicians, I'd expect each main character to have the acting abilities of Dennis Rodman and Sophia Coppola, but infact the were both extremely talented.    I HIGHLY recommend this movie and soundtrack. And this will be the first (and VERY likely the last) musical that I will add to my DVD collection, but it is well worth it.
0618680004|2.0|I've read the \\"God Delusion\\" by Richard Dawkins. No, I am not giving it 2 stars because I'm a Theist. The reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because it is one of the most poorly reasoned works by an Atheist to date. Basically put, if you've at least taken 2-3 Philosophy courses you should understand this book to be full of logical fallacies and ridiculous claims to rationality. The book could have been dubbed down to a little over 200 pages had Dawkins not frequented the Ad hominem attacks and mass poisoning of wells. His actual argument doesn't come till chapter 4 (after 3 chapters of sensationalism and his attempt to explain all Theology through critisizing thousand year old arguments that have recently been redefined unbeknowngst to him it appears) and it's weak at best, invoking the paradoxial claim of complexity in the Creator that must therefore cancel such an idea out by necessity. Of course, good philosophers (or should I say, philosophers in general since that would be giving Dawkins too much credit), note the simplicity of this claim and it's utter disregard for things we call 'categories'. It's basically a category error, as complexity is only measurable within the material realm and not outside of it. Alvin Plantinga catches Dawkins on this in one of his recent articles. Basically put, read the book, enjoy it for a few laughs, and then marvel at how someone so intelligent within the realm of science can be so ignorant and anti-intellectual.    If you really must know about the New Atheism, just read \\"Animal Farm\\" by Orwell.
B00008PX8P|1.0|No fancy words to impress you with,  the video was simpley and poorly done. Thank You
B00006I53S|5.0|This is a very surprising lens.  It does it all.  I did not realize I could use the manual setting on the lens and take pictures as close as 9 inches. I have several garden spider pictures that are truly sharp and scary. As for the automatic setting at normal distances, all pictures have been clear and in focus. Love the lens.
1400097029|1.0|I found this book sadly lacking in everything. I love good prose but that's just not enough for me. Even Banville's prose in The Sea didn't seem that good but perhaps that's because I wanted so much more than this from a Booker Prize winner. The characters all seemed unlikeable and the story, if it could be called that, was very simple. It concerns and aging man of perhaps fifties or even sixties, grieving (a little) over a dead wife and returning to a place on a seafront where he spent a childhood holiday. Something bad happens at the end of this childhood holiday that you'll discover at the end of the book. But the 'bad thing' is in itself anti-climactical. It's a slow inevitable journey towards it during which time we are shown some byplay between the characters of today and yesterday. We never get to know the characters well and the story never seems to take off or go anywhere. It's almost like writing a slow plodding book about anything and have a murder/accident/crime at the end of it as if to make the reader/art-critic nod his head wisely at the end of it, thinking of what has gone before. What a waste of a booker prize!
B00078XGRO|3.0|...but I must say...<br /><br />There's nothing like a good running commentary, and Jonathan Frakes' is nothing like a good running commentary...
B0000844M8|4.0|I had not seen this movie for many years, so watching it now it seemed a little bit dated. It still holds your attention and carries a timeless message. A great family movie with nice wildlife footage. I thought the DVD transfer was very good, but no extras was a let down.
B00001SIES|5.0|This CD is amazing. It is very different from their other albums, but it is still great! Best songs: Sunburn, Muscle Museum, Fillip, Cave, Showbiz, and Uno.
B0007Y08QA|5.0|Usually young director Brad Anderson writes the scripts for all his films--but after reading Scott Kosar's script in 2001, he made an exception. He could see a stunning and frightening film in his mind's eye, something unique and completely off-center; perhaps too much so. They had to shop around for two years before finally finding a quadrate of producers -but they were Spanish. The solution, of course, was to shoot the film in Spain, using mostly a Spanish crew. Anderson was careful with the settings, casting, and art design, creating a world of the story to reside in \\"Anywhere, U.S.A.\\"; pushing a little to resemble the seedier sides of Los Angeles -which was indeed tricky considering he filmed mostly in Barcelona.<br /><br />Brad Anderson has directed 12 films since 1995, one of the most notable being NEXT STOP WONDERLAND (1998). He has taught film classes in Boston, and directed a lot of episodes for various television series. He shot THE MACHINIST (2004) from the main character's POV, and he kept teasing us with set ups, camera angles, lighting, and intentional echoes from Hitchcock and David Lynch. To deepen the comparisons, he had composer Roque Barios emulate strains of Bernard Herrmann; punctuated with electronic music that sounded like pieces of the theme from THE OUTER LIMITS.<br /><br />This film has already achieved cult status. Most viewers are taken aback by the raw intensity of the action, the macabre point of view, and the deep emotions -unstable, angry, and explosive, along with the rampant paranoia. Actually Anderson does build this film to a point where we are offered complete closure for all the plot conflicts and mysteries -but even so a lot of audience members are left in a dark theater feeling still perplexed and confused. Roger Ebert wrote, \\"We see Trevor's world so clearly from his eyes that only gradually does it occur to us that every life is seen through a filter.\\" I would add to that that every viewer watching every film is filtering that experience through their perceptions, experiences, random prejudices and predispositions. That is the primary thing that makes film discussion and criticism so visceral and engaging.<br /><br />Christian Bale was brilliant as Trevor Reznik, reducing his beautiful body to an almost unrecognizable state, a rib-bulging cadaver, one of the walking dead, an Ausweis victim. It was fascinating to watch Bale twist and turn, bob and weave, posing for several skeletal tableaus -knowing just how to present those jutting bones for maximum effect. John Sharian played co-worker Ivan, reminiscent of Brando in APOCALYPSE NOW (1979) -a lethal smile with horsy teeth and deadly eyes; mysterious, flashy, and dangerous, but possessed with a wicked sense of humor; a twinkle in one eye and a drop of blood in the other, often hidden behind black sunglasses. Jennifer Jason-Leigh added another hooker with a heart of gold to her role charm bracelet, doing a bang up grand job as Trevor's call girl/girlfriend, Stevie.  Leigh is so comfortable in the nude we forget she is acting, bringing both sensuality and matronly affection to the table. She dared to like, maybe even almost love that oddball; that starved bird with the broken wing -and dared to hope he could build a life with her beyond prostitution. During their final scene together when Trevor goes over the emotional edge -the sadness and pain turning to anger on her face was hard to forget; with marked simplicity, just Leigh living in that terrible moment with us watching.<br /><br />THE MACHINIST transcended genres. It transcended time and space, and even place; filmed in Andalusian limbo to thrust us into a nightmare world that bends and twists like a dragon's tail -spiked and murderous -peopled with dark characters and darker deeds, suggesting demons lurking unseen in the shadows; permeated with that deep feeling of despair, or anger toward the unknown and the unknowable. It requires multiple viewings to fully appreciate the acting,the art design, the psychology, and the writing. An audience member must be at the top of their cognitive game to successfully negotiate the twisted journey within the mind of a tortured soul.y, and the writing. An audience member must be at the top of their cognitive game to successfully negotiate the twisted journey within the mind of a tortured soul.
0060853964|5.0|One of my favorite books. I had to get a new copy because my original copy succumbed to the \\"I lent it to a friend and that's the last I saw of it\\" syndrome.     Don't let ILITAFATTLISOI happen to you - Steadfastly refuse to lend this book to anyone.     The premise is great, it's a hilarious read cover to cover, and I loved how they included the story of how Gaiman and Pratchett wrote the story, and Gaiman's and Pratchett's thoughts on each other.    The biggest downside is that I got the black-covered book, and now I find myself wanting to buy the white-covered book as well, so I have the set and so \\"the nice and accurate proph\\" isn't missing from my cover.    All in all, I highly recommend this book.
1582701709|1.0|I can't believe there are enough people out there giving this book positive reviews that the overall rating is 3.5 stars.    That truly scares me about the state of affairs in this world.  I have to admit, I only read 20 pages of this book. People I knew were reading it, so I picked it up and was shocked at how embarassingly  insulting it was to my intelligence.    I'm no Einstein, but this is targeted at people way down the intellectual  food chain. It only took a few lines before I felt like I was being targeted by a used car salesman or Carlton Sheets.    People, please, save your money, or if you don't, and you read this book and find it enlightening, do yourself a favor and enroll at the nearest college you can find, and avail yourself of the real secret - Education.  Find yourself a course in Critical Thinking.    Good luck.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|The only film that was better for families this year was Stardust.  Ratatouille is your worse nightmare - rats in the kitchen, made hysterically funny by Pixar.  It is the story of being who you are, no matter what your circumstances; so a rat becomes a top chef. I do agree, the scenes are definitely geared for older kids and some of the humor was clearly meant to keep adults engaged, not unlike the Shrek films.
B0000E6I1J|5.0|I bought this as a gift but wish I had kept it for myself.  One of the best tribute albums to come along.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|Whether you have seen Firefly or not, I think there is something anyone can enjoy about Serenity.  I actually saw this movie before watching the Firefly series.  I was so intrigued by the story I wanted to see more and believe me, I was not disappointed.  Firefly is now one of my favorite TV shows of all time with Serenity being on of my favorite movies.    If you have seen Firefly, there probably won't be any need to tell you how good this movie is.  I'm sure you will buy it anyway.  But if you are a hardcore fan, there are more extras in this collector's edition that I'm sure you won't want to miss.    For those of you who are just looking for a decent science-fiction film, look no further.  This movie has great action, humor, and special affects and it truly cares about its characters.  Please please please see this movie!!!
B00005UKE0|5.0|Probably George's best.  I can't believe that I waited so long to get it.  Missed out on many years of great pleasure. Let this be the only George album you buy, but get it ASAP!
0316067598|5.0|If there is one book to read this year, this is it!   I highly recommend it.
B0006JGFNQ|5.0|After years of the knock-off Furby finally we get a Gremlins toy. It doesn't have all the features of Furby but it looks just like the original Gizmo and he reacts to sound and touch which is all you really need to go along with a good imagination!
B00005JKG9|1.0|When I  heard about this film in \\"Boiler Room\\" I thought \\"I need to see that movie!!\\". The cool references and the buzz it created was enough for me to go out and get the movie. Eventhough I tried REAL hard to like the movie I just didn't get it, I'm sorry! Sure the cast is great, which is something that worries me since part of being a great actor is knowing when to pass on a script. I don't know what was on these actors' minds when they gave it a try but it beats me!    I can't really say anything bad about the acting: I thought Harris, Pacino and Baldwin were pretty good, the latter being the one I liked best. But to me there simply was no substance to the film, nothing really 'happens'. I don't know why some people here say \\"oh, the dialogue was great!\\"... the dialogue sucks, people! It sounds like Abbott and Costello wrote the thing. It reminded me of the \\"Who's on first\\" routine they did.    It sounded like this:   \\"So, are you in?\\"  \\"In on what?\\"  \\"The leads\\"  \\"I don't know, what about you!\\"  \\"Me? What about me?\\"  \\"You know... in on it!\\"  \\"In on what?\\"  \\"The leads!\\"  \\"Oh yeah, the leads!\\"  \\"So... you in?\\"  \\"On what?\\"  \\"The leads!\\"  \\"Oh yeah, the leads!\\"  ad nausea...    I swear to god I just couldn't bear it any longer! It's like when you say a word over and over again until it loses its meaning! Leads, leads, leads, the leads!! And we never get to know anything about them! The plot (if any) is nowhere to we found and when the movie is over you get a feeling of being cheated of a good hour and a half. Avoid this movie at all costs unless you are a snobby movie connoisseur!
014027409X|5.0|Great book written all in the gang-slang of the futuristic day.  This book is a classic and a must-read for those who liked the (also excellent) movie.  But the book has a lot of neat things missing from the movie and one is able to enjoy more detail of the language Burgess created out of a hodge-podge of   disjointed Russian (for the most part.)  Like in the movie, you will soon be rooting for young Alex no matter that he is a rapist and murderer. This is part of the genius of the work.
B00000255F|5.0|This is the starting point for listening to Bruce Springsteen.  If you don't get it listening to this album, you won't ever get it.  Born to Run is also an essential part of any music listener's collection, and may be the best rock album ever.  It is certainly Springsteen's best.<br /><br />This is a special album, the one you remember vividly where you were and what you were doing the first time you heard it.  The journey starts with Thunder Road -- a simple harmonica underscoring a humble offer to leave the past behind -- and rises to the thundering epic finale of Jungleland.  More than 30 years after its recording, Born to Run continues to evoke new imagery and emotion.
B000067FP7|5.0|This movie lures you in with cuteness, which just makes the later scenes even more scary and menacing...not TOO scary of course, but enough to make the movie fun.  I love this movie almost as much as my \\"Bathroom Buddy.\\"
0743486285|5.0|I confess that I knew of Motley Crue, but didn't know who Nikki Sixx was, before last week. I was lucky enough to receive his book and CD at a function where he was talking about his recovery from addiction.  The book is great, and it is 10 times better when you also listen to the soundtrack. Amazing lyrics and music.    If you've ever wanted to undersand someone who's been depressed or addicted to anything, this book unflinchingly expresses what some of those thoughts and feelings are like. And, if you have ever been depressed or addicted yourself, you will be reminded that you are not alone. Ultimately, this is a hopeful story of survival and healing.     For those who wonder how an adult can still be dealing with childhood pain, all I can say is that unresolved stuff can stay with you for a lifetime, whether you're conscious of it or not. Hats off to anyone who has the courage to face their hurts and anxieties, and who helps others do the same.      The soundtrack is absolutely cathartic. The more you listen to the words and music, the more you feel for what Nikki and others have gone through. If you are taken aback by casual sex and profanity, this book is not for you. But if you want to glimpse the human feelings underneath, I recommend the book and especially the soundtrack.
B00005JPRD|5.0|If it were possible to go into the mind and film the imagination, if one could actually get a glimpse of a creative spark and present it as a movie, the end result would look something like \\"Across the Universe.\\" Here is a film so vibrant, colorful, and imaginative that it practically flies off the screen. It's not something you simply watch; this richly detailed musical fantasy is something you fully experience, from the stunning visuals to the brilliant soundtrack. Few films have successfully incorporated previously written song material into an original story; one notable exception is Baz Luhrmann's \\"Moulin Rouge,\\" in which songs by Elton John, David Bowie, Madonna, The Police, and many others were interwoven. \\"Across the Universe\\" gets its inspiration from the music of The Beatles--every song fit the story so naturally, it's almost as if they were specially written for the film.    But as much as I enjoyed it, I can't help but feel that I'm the wrong person to review it; not only have I never listened to the music of The Beatles, I also never lived through the 1960s. \\"Across the Universe\\" explores the dynamic atmosphere of that era, from the artistic movements to the social unrest to the turbulent political climate. I can't pretend that I know what the filmmakers were saying or why they were saying it, and I certainly don't know what point The Beatles were trying to make. But I can still appreciate this movie. And I do; \\"Across the Universe\\" thrives on energy and ingenuity, and it isn't afraid to tell a simple yet effective love story through music.    The plot focuses on Jude (Jim Sturgess), a young dockworker and artist from Liverpool. He travels to America in search of his father, who was stationed in England during the Second World War. Jude is led to Princeton University, and it's there that he meets Max (Joe Anderson), a freewheeling college student with no apparent goals and no apparent desire to reach any goals. The two instantly click, and for a while,they have a lot of fun. So does Max's sister, Lucy (Evan Rachel Wood), a college freshman whose clean-cut appearance masks a progressive mind. As soon as life in New Jersey gets boring, Max and Jude decide to leave for New York, where the Bohemian life can be lived to the fullest. They take residence in a small apartment, already inhabited by Sadie (Dana Fuchs) and her band.    After a while, Lucy joins the group, much to the dismay of her conservative parents. She and Jude quickly fall in love. But as the social climate gets more intense, their relationship gets more complex. The Civil Rights Movement is in full swing, as is the Vietnam War; such unrest cannot be ignored. Ever since losing her high school sweetheart to the War, Lucy's political views have taken a sharp turn to the left--she's now a militant activist, dedicated to bringing about social reform and an end to war and violence. Her feelings only grow stronger when Max is drafted and shipped off to Vietnam. All this puts a strain on Jude and Lucy's relationship, and it only gets worse when Lucy begins collaborating with a radical organization. Can their love survive this turmoil?    Woven all throughout is a myriad of songs, all of which perfectly capture the emotional impact of a given scene. When Max and Jude first meet, \\"With a Little Help from My Friends\\" accentuates their high-spiritedness. The drama of \\"Let It Be\\" overflows during a race riot, in which a young boy is killed. Confusion and frustration overwhelm as Jude and Max sing \\"Strawberry Fields,\\" and images of dripping strawberries make an especially strong impact. A love-struck cheerleader named Prudence (T.V. Carpio) sings \\"I Wanna Hold Your Hand\\" with regret, knowing that the girl she's dreaming of will never feel the same way. The power of \\"I Want You\\" is felt as Max is dragged through an army recruitment center; dancing, squared-jawed soldiers are prominently featured, as are half naked draftees. At one point, they forcefully carry a miniature Statue of Liberty into the jungles of Vietnam.    The four most creative song-numbers feature cameo appearances. Joe Cocker sings \\"Come Together\\" just as a guitarist named JoJo (Martin Luther McCoy) enters the city. It's a highly choreographed sequence, featuring a chorus line of prostitutes and office workers. \\"I Am the Walrus\\" is a psychedelic trip featuring Bono as the leader of a busload of hippies. Eddie Izzard plays a showman named Mr. Kite, whose circus--\\"The Benefit of Mr. Kite\\"--is a bizarre mixture of the fantastic and the frightening, featuring a cast of blue-skinned performers that are anything but human. Salma Hayek appears as a nurse during Max's rendition of \\"Happiness is a Warm Gun.\\" As he lies on a hospital bed, he tries to get a handle on the fear, anger, and physical pain that have been holding him back.    By the time we hear \\"Hey Jude\\" and \\"All You Need Is Love,\\" the sentimental side of the story hits us like a ton of bricks. And that's exactly what we want. One of the simplest pleasures imaginable is to be young, in love, and free; this movie does a masterful job of giving the audience that same feeling, if only for a little while. \\"Across the Universe\\" is one of the most delightful, inventive, and refreshing films of the year, a perfect blend of music, story, and character. To see it is to be emotionally rejuvenated.
0345404475|4.0|In this second piece found in the omnibus \\"[[ASIN:0739426141 Counterfeit Unrealities (contains Ubik, A Scanner Darkly, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep [aka Blade Runner], The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch)]],\\" we find ourselves working between two intertwining plot lines.  One is based around Rick Deckard, a bounty hunter who \\"retires\\" escaped androids - who have killed their owners off-world in the colonies and then come to Earth to live and try to blend in.  The latest model - the Nexus-6 - can only be told from humans through use of a sophisticated psychological testing mechanism that measures empathy levels; empathy being the one thing that androids quite simply lack.  The other plot line revolves around J. R. Isadore, a \\"chickenhead\\" (that is to say, a man who has mutated enough that he is starting to lose his cognitive abilities, but not so much that he cannot still manage to take care of himself and serve the public in some small way).  He works for the Van Ness Pet Hospital, which serves people who own electric animals.  However, his day gets off to an uneven start when first he discovers another tenant in his previously empty building, and then he is given a real cat - which subsequently dies on the way in to the hospital before he even realizes it is actually alive.<br /><br />Similar in theme to the previous Philip Dick novel I reviewed, this book explores the differences between reality and fantasy by probing the differences between man and machine, as shown by the differences between human and android (sometimes that line is very blurred), electric animal and real animal, and so forth.  Always in the background is the constant back and forth of Mercerism vs. Buster Friendly, who always gently (and sometimes not so gently) accuses Mercer as a fraud and fake.<br /><br />Please note, those who have seen \\"Blade Runner\\"; it has been years since I have seen the movie, but from what I recall - the movie is only VERY LOOSELY based upon this novel.<br /><br />Nonetheless, I did find the story enjoyable; dense and difficult at times, but the interchange and interplays are always deft and intriguing.  This classic bit of surreal sci-fi is not to be missed.find the story enjoyable; dense and difficult at times, but the interchange and interplays are always deft and intriguing.  This classic bit of surreal sci-fi is not to be missed.
B00000ING2|2.0|The Cohens are clever guys, and this is a clever movie. It is snappy, shot in a great almost magical realist style that captures the tremendous vibe, snap and power structures of great Wall Street companies of the 1950s, and offers a great spoof of the American Dream, manifested in the form of mailroom boy getting to the boardroom on the top floor.<br /><br />The plot, however, is fairly weak. The Cohens try to slather over the predictably of their story - which is basically no hoper flukes his way to the top of a corrupt organization, falls victim to the trappings of power himself then learns his lesson and rules with virtue (how mawkish) with an elaborate set up of symbols - circles, hula hoops, bendy straws, wheels of fortune etc. and neat conflict between the straight lines of the buildings, the windows, and the circle motifs of the movie - circularity of fate, of circumstance, even in a bizzare metaphysical twist, of time.<br /><br />Clever, yes, but heartfelt, no. The movie is zany, but never takes off like some of their more successful screwball efforts. The Cohens seem to write their movies on a kind of vibe - they have a sense of an idea, develop it, and sometimes it looks as if it will be a total failure but turns out genius (i.e The Man Who Wasn't There, Lebowski) and sometimes, as with the likes of Barton Fink and this movie, they have an idea that they clearly think will be a sublime incarnation of American original moviemaking, but doesn't quite come off.
B00008G9JM|5.0|I'd like to say that this is the best of all Tull albums, but, due to my short-term-attention-span upbringing here in America, I gotta say that the traditional albums with the 3-5 minute (5-8 minute, Tull-time) tunes has always appealed to me more, making \\"Warchild\\" the best, IMHO.  \\"Passion Play\\", however, is my favorite one-album-length-song, \\"concept\\" album, and my second favorite overall.   How can this be? From its start, it sounds like a mash of sounds and unstructured singing with movements that don't seem to flow too well! I couldn't get through the whole first listening!  Well, I hate to admit it, but I got a little help through an accompanying annotation at a Tull website, \\"Cup Of Golden Wonder\\", and this page in particular,   [...]  Written by a \\"Michel Vale Ferreira\\" (who I *highly* suspect, because of his assured detail, *could* be Ian Anderson in disguise!), it details line-by-line, the story that the album tells. For *me*, anyway, this is stuff I thoroughly enjoy alongside the aural pleasures provided by the album, making sense of what initially sounds like miscues or confusion.  Give the CD and the website's annotations a chance, and I can't imagine it not being one of your favorites as well!
B000O57S3I|5.0|I've always been a fan of Adam Sandler if only because I'm a fan of \\"silly\\". \\"Happy Gilmore\\" is still the best, but I enjoyed \\"Click\\" a lot. Sandler has matured quite a bit since his precocious beginning, and this role fits him well. Special effects are used to good advantage, and the Oscar nominated make-up of Rick Baker took this trip to the future with verve and imagination. I can think of many films that have had a similar theme (how would my life be if...), and \\"Click\\" has it's own personality. The acting is fine, with, I thought, Kate Beckinsale's finest performance, rife with wit and development. Henry Winkler and Julie Kavner are great together, and David Hasselhoff plays a parody of himself as if nothing else could be more fun. Christopher Walken, too, is fine as Morty, the catalyst of all the craziness. I thought the film was insightful, instructive and quite sweet-natured. I enjoyed it more than I thought I would.
1576754227|5.0|I learned of this book from a friend who has the older version of it.  I glanced through her copy and noticed her notes.  She said you have got to get this, it will organize your life.  I purchased the 2nd edition version, read the book through, then reread it marking the tasks that I feel will help me find the missing hours in a day, so things get accomplished, instead of brushed under the rug.  Sometimes it just seems to be amazing that it is end of the day, the week or even the month and it seems that nothing or not a whole lot seemed to be accomplished.  I work in Direct Sales so it helps there also.  It help me find the time to take care of the household, spend time with each family member and take care of their needs, and still be able to spend time with clients to be able to service them better allowing them to pass recommendations of me around.  I also picked up his book Goals!, keeping them both close at hand so I can glance through and get that boost of energy again, with the \\"Yes I Can\\" attitude.  \\"Eat That Frog\\", will get you out of procrastinating and working with goals, while \\"Goals!\\", will get you into setting goals, keeping them and accomplishing them, it is such a win-win!
1582432678|5.0|A Novel, a story - that's what I had to keep telling myself.  One that stays with you.  The Negative to  \\"My Sister's Keeper\\" - just as haunting.
032147404X|5.0|C'mon folks, have some fun! Sure, Scott's humor is incessant and sometimes over the top, but his advice and writing is, as he would say, \\"tack sharp.\\" I have several of his books and find them all terrific, allowing for the fact that they would be much shorter without all the humor.<br /><br />For the Digital Photography Book, about half the ideas are things that I have already thought about or are parts of my routine, so the validation value is good. Most of the rest of the ideas and pieces of advice are really valuable to me. He says that the premise of this book is that he and the reader are on a photo shoot together, and he is providing advice on-the-spot. I found this a very useful approach. He acknowledges that with this book, he is not providing theory, just practice. It works for me.<br /><br />There were a few things that I probably will not follow, but I found it worthwhile to think things through to figure out why something won't work for me, so additional value added.<br /><br />If you read the reviews of his books on the Amazon site, you will find a lot of discussion going back and forth about his humor, and, somehow, I suspect that he enjoys this controversy. One of the great reviewers of Adobe Photoshop, Lightroom, etc., Conrad Obregon, has some great reviews focusing on the content.<br /><br />If you are not adverse to being entertained in an albeit flaky manner while you learn, I think you'll find this a valuable and fun read. Good luck and keep shooting!
160024131X|5.0|This was a very intense read that I couldn't put down. I enjoyed it so much I have recommended it to all my friends. I am grateful our nation has brave combat warriors like these four Navy Seals who gave everything fighting evil in another part of the world that we might enjoy the freedoms we have here at home. God bless them.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|It is great to see Blade Runner finally being the deluxe treatment.  With so many options, it is hard to choose, but this 5-disc Blu-ray edition seems like the most value for your money, but then I guess some will pay twice the price and go for the fancy box that comes with the ultimate colector's edition.<br /><br />Blade Runner has long deserved better treatment than it has been given over the years.  This is one of the quintessential science fiction movies, based on Philip K. Dick's Do Androids Dream of Electric Sleep.  Of course, Blade Runner is a more catchy title and Ridley Scott took a lot of liberties with the story, but he created a masterwork in the process.<br /><br />Blade Runner paints a distopic vision of the future set in a murky Los Angeles, where Deckard (Harrison Ford) tracks down androids that have escaped from their work colonies.  He meets his match in Roy Batty (Rutger Hauer), an android who has taken on many human features and seeks out his maker.  While the movie has many shades of Metropolis and other great science fiction films of the past, it is very much a unique work and has garnered much critical attention over the years.  If one can, one should experience the movie in 70 mm, as it will simply blow you away with its visual effects.<br /><br />It is hard to believe it has been 25 years since it was first released.  The collection offers numerous versions of the movie, including the all important workprint version.
B000P2A24W|5.0|Love most of Bon Jovi's music from way back.  I really do like the music on this CD, only a couple of songs I could skip. I can pick up on some of the \\"country\\" influence, but it still rocks. Love the title song, actually better than the \\"Make a Memory\\".  Overall-awesome.
0385720920|5.0|This novel was nothing short of amazing. For serious, it was a delicious and witty meal that satisfies your intellectual appetite and makes you want to gag at the same time. Loved every bite of it.<br />See also: Fight Club<br />See also: Survivor
B000VAPZM2|4.0|This is a Disney movie made for TV, for the youngsters!  This is not Emmy material, its for fun, so you who are complaining aobut it need to remember who it was made for in the first place.  My daughter and her friends loved it.  I did enjoy many of the musical numbers, especially the baseball field dance number.  Down side, Vanessa's laughter and giggles just seemed too forced for the movie, but  I think the supporting cast did a fine job.  It will be a gift for my daughter at Christmas as I'm sure it will be at the top of her wish list.
B000AARKOO|3.0|Ridley Scott is a talented filmmaker but, as any historian knows, this movie is a work of fiction based very loosely on some historical events.<br /><br />And when's the prequel coming out??  When will Mr. Scott favor us with a rousing rendition of the real first \\"crusade\\" when invading Muslims conquered Jerusalem from the Byzantines in 638AD under Caliph Umar ibn al-Khattâb?  Jerusalem fell only after Umar had taken Mesopotamia and parts of Persia from the Sassanids and taken Egypt, Palestine, Syria, North Africa and Armenia from the Byzantines.<br /><br />Surely Mr. Scott knows, as does any high-schooler who can read history, that the Christian \\"crusades\\" were in response to growing mistreatment of Christians in Jerusalem and pilgrims on the road to Jerusalem, perceived or real.<br /><br />So, Mr. Scott: please favor us with your enormous talents in making the prequel!
B000MCIBAW|5.0|In late 1967, as Summer's light faded, The Doors released \\"Strange Days\\", one of my 2 favorite Doors albums.  Good title, because the Eden of that Summer was mutating into something quite different.  Liberation had taken a dark, even morbid, turn.  To show us the way, The Doors gave us this sophisticated strobe light of dimmed hues.  You could see, but not too clearly, and the truth is that you probably wouldn't want to...<br /><br />The nightmare starts from the word \\"GO\\".  At the end of the title song, Jim warns \\"...we run from the day to a strange night of stone.\\"  Then we meet a \\"little girl\\" who is lost, even though the singer tries to reassure her, \\"I think that you know what to do.\\"  Another \\"Unhappy Girl\\" is so caught up in her web that she might miss her \\"chance to swim in mystery.\\"  \\"Horse Latitudes\\", a shouted poem with very weird background effects, is violently intense in its description of a tragedy, and it melts right into \\"Moonlight Drive\\", which sounds appealing until at the end we find that we are going to \\"...drown tonight/Goin' down, down, down.\\"  In \\"People Are Strange\\" we hear that \\"...faces look ugly when you're alone.\\"  The singer eyes a tantalizing woman in \\"My Eyes Have Seen You\\", or does he really?  The vision presented by the lyrics is rather nebulous.  The title of \\"I Can't See Your Face In My Mind\\" sums up the confused sadness in the song.  Finally, we discover that all of this may be transitory in \\"When The Music's Over\\", a brilliant song-poem of several sections that as a whole is devastating.  The lyric \\"WE WANT THE WORLD AND WE WANT IT NOW\\" is a call to revolutionary action and points the way to The Doors' next masterpiece, \\"Waiting For The Sun\\".<br /><br />(I didn't discuss \\"Love Me Two Times\\" above, because it is the only unadulterated \\"fun\\" song on the album.  But, now that you mention it, who wouldn't be up for that?)<br /><br />The dark lyrics are supported by some of the best music The Doors ever made, though certainly not the hardest rock, for the most part.  I imagine that some will say that the album is too polished, too produced, but those are not bad words in my book.  (And my verdict on the remixed sound is the same as in my review of \\"Waiting For The Sun\\" - excellent.)  The song \\"Strange Days\\" is simultaneously eerie and rocking, as \\"People Are Strange\\" is eerie and hypnotic.  \\"Love Me Two Times\\" rocks like Hell.  \\"You're Lost Little Girl\\", \\"Unhappy Girl\\", \\"My Eyes Have Seen You\\" and \\"I Can't See Your Face\\" are somewhat quieter, with good understated keyboards and guitar.  Robby's background guitar alternates from jangly folk-rock to bluesy to more traditional rock.  Ray's keyboards continue the carnival sound that is the trademark of the early Doors.  \\"Moonlight Drive\\" has delicious sliding guitar licks, appropriately seductive; and \\"When The Music's Over\\" is just, well, dramatic and apocalyptic, with killer feedback.  With this album and \\"Waiting For The Sun\\", you can expand your mind to whatever degree you desire.<br /><br />The bonus tracks:  I like to hear studio chatter, so the first one is interesting to me.  The other bonus, another take of \\"Love Me Two Times\\", is not significantly different from the finished track - maybe a little bouncier, a little less hard rock.ost part.  I imagine that some will say that the album is too polished, too produced, but those are not bad words in my book.  (And my verdict on the remixed sound is the same as in my review of \\"Waiting For The Sun\\" - excellent.)  The song \\"Strange Days\\" is simultaneously eerie and rocking, as \\"People Are Strange\\" is eerie and hypnotic.  \\"Love Me Two Times\\" rocks like Hell.  \\"You're Lost Little Girl\\", \\"Unhappy Girl\\", \\"My Eyes Have Seen You\\" and \\"I Can't See Your Face\\" are somewhat quieter, with good understated keyboards and guitar.  Robby's background guitar alternates from jangly folk-rock to bluesy to more traditional rock.  Ray's keyboards continue the carnival sound that is the trademark of the early Doors.  \\"Moonlight Drive\\" has delicious sliding guitar licks, appropriately seductive; and \\"When The Music's Over\\" is just, well, dramatic and apocalyptic, with killer feedback.  With this album and \\"Waiting For The Sun\\", you can expand your mind to whatever degree you desire.    The bonus tracks:  I like to hear studio chatter, so the first one is interesting to me.  The other bonus, another take of \\"Love Me Two Times\\", is not significantly different from the finished track - maybe a little bouncier, a little less hard rock.
B00005JPAO|2.0|Couldn't help but notice how the movie kept flashing back to Diana who is DEAD, but that's to  keep the audience from fully falling asleep.    British Royalty, being the parasites that they are, are completely boring! If no one would pay to come to England to see them, they'd have been phased out last century as the deadwood that they are. They are to be pitied. No jobs, nothing to do all day but go to openings of this or that. Poor Charles even got kicked off his polo ponies because Mumsy thought it was too dangerous.    I haven't watched this movie in one sitting. Too boring. This is one where you watch it in shifts, if I finish it at all. Helen Mirren did an OK job, but frankly, Elizabeth is very easy to impersonate and many others have done this before Helen. Think of the stupid Naked Gun movies.
B00004WG2F|5.0|When this movie first came out the trailer was full of the characters talking about overseas politics and looking so stuffy I thought this was another ponderously BORING Merchant Ivory movie and you know those NEVER move along.Being that Anthony Hopkins has been in so many M/Ivory movies, I thought this was another knock-off and I stayed out of the theatre. I didn't see Legends until it came onto Cable.If it had been marketed correctly I would have PAID to see it 10 times!    Wow! Just about my favorite all-time movie! It starts a little slow, but builds such an emotional momentum that you're left drained at the end!  Brad Pitt did an excellent job of acting. Cutting out your brother's heart so his spirit can get to heaven and feeling eternally guilt-ridden and self-destructive because he couldn't save the brother is a tough acting role. The photography is postcard beautiful all the way through and the music score has popped up everywhere because of its incredible beauty. The plot of this movie you can't guess; it goes places you never would expect, places that make you gasp with surprise.    This is the way movies should be made, but alas, I think those days are  gone to be replaced by the immature comic book culture we have now.    I bought the book hoping to read more about these fascinating character, but the book was a short story which was only basically an outline. What an incredible job the screenwriters did in fleshing out very psychologically intricate and complicated characters. Much better than the book could every aspire to! All of the actors were perfectly cast. Aidan Quinn as the control freak Alfred; I could see why Susanna blew her brains out after she came back from being finally spurned by Tristan only to get the 3rd degree by Alfred when she got home. Quinn did a great job depicting a man eaten by jealousy of his brother and suspicion of his wife.      This is not a chick flick. It's for all thinking people who love an extremely well-crafted movie and a fantastic emotional roller coaster ride. Having not attended ONE movie this year because of sequels, remakes and just plain drek, I wish, wish,wish we could get another movie this great!
B000NA1OXY|1.0|All of her songs sound the same.lyrically They all seem to be either about other chics(if she wasn't married i'd swear she was a lesbian),or about herself.She is so damn full of herself it's pathetc! She thinks she's the best damn thing!
B000RG1FMO|3.0|First of all, I want to clear up that this is not a bias review.  I bought 50 Cent's album too.  They are two entirely different albums and two different artists.  Anyway, Kanye West's \\"Graduation\\" is a solid album.  It is made up of 13 good songs that do not need to be skipped through.  Every song should hold the interest of the listener.  He pushed his creativity on his third album.  The beats are not as polished as his recent efforts, however they still are very intertesting.  I would rank this album his second best after his debut album, \\"Late Registeration.\\"<br /><br />I think Kanye, just like many other artists, bank on their star status too often.  Like I said, his beats are very well produced on this album, but his lyrics are sub-par.  Beats can only take you so far, just ask Pharrell.  I could name many albums that have been released this year that are overall a better product than \\"Graduation.\\"  Kanye has transistioned from the backpack rapper (much like Talib Kweli, Mos Def) from his first album to the celebrity he is on this thir album.  It is hip-hop, yet not considered rap in my opinion.  Clipse's \\"Hell Hath No Fury\\", Talib Kweli's \\"Ear Drum\\" or Common's new one.  Kanye is not as great as an MC as he thinks he his.  He even solidifies himself as being in the top 5 MCs alive.  Yes, he is a beatsmith master, but he is not a legend just yet.  I do enjoy listening to his new album, but it is not the best of the year by any means.  It is worth picking up, but don't expect a masterpiece.<br /><br />Stand out tracks:<br /><br />Stronger<br />I Wonder<br />Drunk and Hot Girls<br />Everything I Am
B000H5U65C|5.0|This is Mastodon`s third album (fourth if you count Lifesblood or the Call Of The Mastodon) and it`s a great one.. Take one part trash, one part hardcore, one part King Crimson and one part old school metal and what do you get? Yeah, that`s right.. One tripped out metal album.. The guitars, bass, drums and vocal are all great, Matt Bayles did a great job producing this monumental album..    The extra dvd is great, it feature all the podcasters from the making of the album ++ alot of extra material.. it also feature some great photos and a music video.. buy it... you`ll be sorry if you don`t...
B0000024JA|5.0|As Wu-Tang Clan members venture off with solo carreers / attempts, Method Man branches out with debut Tical.  Well defined in the album cover as dark and gloomy, the entirely produced album by the Rza, added a touch of Method's smoke induced thoughts for a complete project as defined in the album opener and title track.  With a deep bass and keys to offset the darkness, \\"Biscuits\\" is an enlightning alternative for this genre.  \\"Bring The Pain\\" is the highlight of the LP, with its uptempo drive and lyrical performance such as \\"...I'm sick, insane, crazy / Driving Ms. Daisy / out her f****n' mind / now I got mine / I'm swayz...\\"  Displaying sincere feelings on \\"All I Need\\" adds a personal touch and more depth.  The one verse \\"What The Blood Clot\\" and \\"Sub Crazy\\" continues the concept of the project with dark keys over a slow tempo track.  Symbolizing a boxing bout, \\"Meth Vs. Chef\\" featuring Raekwon is a friendly competition between Method Man and Raekwon with each throwing multiple punchlines in their verse.  The shot in the dark \\"Release Yo' Delf\\" featuring Blue Raspberry picks  up the pace with a charging horn section for a heroic fulfilled event as \\"P.L.O. Style\\" featuring Carlton Fisk includes a horn section but with dark tones defines his signature flow.  \\"I Get My Thang In Action\\" is a perfect addition to the selection as being taken into another Wu-Tang chamber as does \\"Mr. Sandman\\" featuring Rza, Inspector Deck, Street Thug & Carlton Fisk.  Concluding this LP with the remix to fan's introduction to Method on \\"Method Man (Remix)\\" isn't as upbeat as its original but is perfect for this album.
B000028U0Y|5.0|Johnny Cash's music has experienced a resurgence of sorts since the success of the biopic about his early music career. This is the album that made that film possible. Johnny Cash emerged from the mishmash of rockabilly acts---with its upright bass and rhythm guitar plinking out various 4/4 measures---to something real. The only reason this album isn't marked among the classic rock of the 60s has more to do with elitism and snobbery than music. Cash's soul here is reminiscent of his contemporary Ray Charles (ironically also benefiting from a resurgence via Hollywood). Neither figure fit neatly within the studio-produced need for compartmentalization; therefore, becoming marginalized not by a lack of talent but rather by a surplus of it.    This album is a must for any serious student of the musical legacy of the 60s.
B00004S3AN|5.0|I remember liking this Dave Brubeck Quartet album when I was 7 years old back in 1959 when my father bought it (on vinyl).  But it wasn't so much for the music as it was for the album cover art which I thought was great (and still do).  Several years later, I purchased a poster of the Time Out album cover and put it up on a wall in my room until mom made me take it down.  I guess it might have ruined the wallpaper.  As time went on, this musical masterpiece began to grow on me despite my non-stop playing of Beatle records and Rock 'N' Roll records in general.<br /><br />Anyway, almost 50 years later, I rediscovered Time Out again on Amazon.com and bought it, but on SACD. When I loaded the CD into the player, I could not believe my ears.  The music was better than ever.  Time Out is one of those albums that will never grow old.  It's as alive and fresh today as it was in 1959. It continues to stand the test of time and will forever remain an American classic.  If you're looking to expand your musical palate, look no further than to Time Out.  It is a brillant piece of music.
0385522401|1.0|This is an absurd and pretentious little book and tedious beyond bearing. I find it hard to believe that any person not suffering from confused sexual orientation or some sort of previous trauma could possibly be as repulsed by sex as is the woman in this book. It's certainly not because it was 1962, which was as lusty--possibly lustier--than after the explosion of the  \\"sexual revolution,\\" which really only happened because women finally had control of avoiding conception, syphillus could be cured with anti-biotics, and sexually transmitted diseases weren't publicized. And, honestly, no woman would ever have written this self-important, desperately literary little novel!
B00005JPLW|5.0|This is one of my favorite war movies ever created. This movie is a must see for all! It is very original and has great dialouge. I bought this with being very happy with what I purchased.
0446698326|4.0|I title this \\"more the same\\", that's exactly what it is. If you've read Nicholas Spark's other novels chances are you found this one as predictable as I. don't get me wrong Sparks is my favorite author. I look forward to each new book he has out. He has a talent for really making charaters come alive. However, unfortunaely for those of uswho do read all his books his writing style is becoming a lttle too transparent. I knew Svannah would end up with Tim from chaper one when they intorduced his character. Still worth reading, especially if you haven't read many of his books yet!
B000SNUMC0|5.0|Alright, first let me say I am a gigantic fan of Matt Barlow. I was sad when I heard he left the band and I wondered what Jon Schaffer could possibly do to replace him. He brought in Tim Owens and The Glorious Burden was finished. I like The Glorious Burden and all, but it is probably my least favorite Iced Earth album other than the debut (the vocals killed that one for me, loved the updated Barlow vocals on Days of Purgatory). I don't think the entire problem with that album was Owens. I think part of the problem was Schaffer. I don't know, but something about the songs and his guitar tone didn't seem that heavy to me. Oh well, that's in the past and Iced Earth have released Framing Armageddon, Part 1 of the Something Wicked storyline, and I must say I think it is the best the band has done in the last 10 years.    It's got it all. Great story, great heavy sound, great songwriting, great flow, and great artwork that helps the listener picture Schaffer's magnum opus. This was one of the only albums I have listened to where I loved every song on the first listen. Some parts simply gave me chills (the female vocals at the beginning of Invasion). This is also Tim Owens' best vocal performance of his career.    Every song is a highlight, especially \\"Something Wicked Part 1\\", \\"Setian Massacre\\", \\"Ten Thousand Strong\\", \\"Order of the Rose\\", \\"The Clouding\\", \\"Framing Armageddon\\", and \\"When Stars Collide (Born Is He)\\" just simply make me smile. The flow of the album is excellent, and the story just shines through it. This is one of the best concept albums I have ever heard, and it's only part 1. There is only one thing that bothers me, and that is the sound of the guitars. They just sound too thin, but I can overlook that.    It should be interesting to hear part 2 with the returned Matt Barlow. Im looking forward to it.
0790731940|4.0|I love this movie-probably because it's a film that showcase such major league talent but never takes itself seriously.  Gibson and Foster have so much chemistry that I'm surprised that they haven't worked together again.  Anyway, Maverick is about a gambler trying to collect money from friends so he can get into a big poker tournament and along the way he crosses paths with the overly flirtatious/ con-artist Annabelle Bransford.  Each one tries to out manuever the another in efforts to get in the big game.  There's quite a lot of twist and turns that keep you laughing along the way.  Highly recommended.
B0002YCVXI|5.0|This is unquestionably some of the most beautiful music I've ever heard.  This CD is among my favorites; I've played it endless times and I never tire of it.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|This not what you'd expect from Nikki..it's BETTER!!! I can't get enough of it. I am going to buy a second copy because I think I wil wear my first one out!!
B000002A3T|5.0|This is to me one of the best Pink Floyd albums of all time. The  guitar work is very classic Dave Gilmour but really takes you out there as always. I'm 59 and have been into Pink Floyd from the beginning and been to many of their concerts years ago. This album reaches down inside me and brings out something very big and deep that is a part of the whole of mankind and the universe. Yes it's about separation but also in seeing that it leads back to unity. the is not something for background but is real headphone stuff. I've have been a pretty good guitar player for 35 years and I can tell you.....this IS inspired....If you're young and just getting into Pink Floyd this is an absolute....but give it time ...it takes awhile to fully take it in.....Riverzen
B000PAU032|5.0|By 2003, Hans Zimmer was working on his 100th--yes, one hundredth--feature film score. This is a rich two-disc collection that will remind you of some well loved movies: Driving Miss Daisy, Rainman and Da Vinci Code. The high point is the three tracks from Gladiator (one of those times when \\"music better than movie\\") and a rollicking couple of tracks from \\"Pirates of the Caribbean\\" (in the words of John Lennon: \\"Play loud\\").    If you try to analyze Zimmer's melodies, they are simple, often four of five notes on a simple descending scale. But just when you think he's giving you soft rock pop, along comes a heartbreaking melody that you'll sing all day. The arrangements here are interesting, and never an endless verse-chorus-verse repeat.     The album has a variety of fully orchestral tracks and some where the sythesizer is prominent. Its a great program and with two discs an excellent value.
B000ASDFJU|5.0|This review is for all you Sex and the City fans who are thinking about buying this but are affraid to because of reviews about troublsome disks...      I my self am a huge fan and love the idea of a complete collectors set but I was afraid to purchase this because of all the negative reviews about the sets DVDs that would skip or just not play at all.  There's nothing like spending $200.00+ on something that doesn't work.      Well finally my need for hanging with \\"the girls\\" won out and I purchased the set just in time for the long Labor Day weekend.  I settled in for a \\"Sex and the City\\" marathon and watched all six seasons.  I am happy to say, there were NO problems what so ever!!!  Even with season 3, which had gotten a lot of complaints in other reviews.  Everything was crystal clear and the bonus disks are even great too!!!    The only thing that's a little dissapointing is that there are no episodes with a comentary option until season 3.  I thought for sure they would offer commentations on the first episode at least...    Other than that it's a beautiful set and now I can meet \\"the girls\\" in the coffee shop for fun and laughs anytime!
6305754969|3.0|Well.. I can't say I am a HUGE Western fan.. I'm not really.. I don't get them.. and I can't say I am a HUGE John Wayne film.. BUT having said that, I have always enjoyed his later films..     This is said to be a remake of Rio Bravo..which, I actually do hold in higher regard.. The whole tension of the film is just not quite as severe here. There's an almost palpable sense of paranoid in Bravo, that El Dorado misses. Granted alor of the characters are cliehed and practicalyl interchangeable between the two. I am neck and neck with Mitchum vs. Martin on this one.. although, I do give a slight edge to Mitchum.. but the irrascible Walter Brennan in Bravo wins out for me over this one.    Still though I do not see it as a remake.. a sequel.. or anything really.. its more just a loose collection that bears some similarity.. but it is its own animal. Granted Caan was great in a very early role as \\"Mississippi\\" which you can't really comapre to the Ricky Nelson role in Bravo (he has what 6 lines in the entire film?). But I still find the third film, Rio Lobo unjustly maligned.. its not a BAD film.. granted not a great one but all three are still very watchable.. and its almost like watching very SIMILAR movies through a different lens which makes them interesting to watch.    BUT.. am I a John Wayne fan? I'd say.. no.. I enjoy quite a few of his movies though.. True Grit, Liberty Valence, Sons of Katie Elder, The Cowboys, the three I previously mentioned and The Shootist... and I'll even toss in Big Jake.. he played it with a bit more swagger.. but he played a bit of a nastier version of himself.. and a great supporting cast too.    Still though..back to this film. I really did enjoy the film. and the final shoot out was great, but I still give the edge to Bravo.. MAYBE its just because it was the first (although tht really didn't matter to me since I saw most of them early on and never thought of which came first). BUT.. the influence of Bravo can be SERIOUSLY felt in Carpenter's Assault on Preceint 13 (he offers a commentary on the new dvd), the recent remake even has a similar vibe... and oddly, to me.. but James Manigold'a Copland always SCREAMED Rio Bravo to me.    Being a sequel.. remake or reimaging of that is no shame.. and this one is its own world filled with its own unique and fun characters.. I actually will say that may be why people enjoy this one more.. as the humor is a bit more.. evident here. Everyone has a good easy time, more so than Rio Bravo which at times is.. I won't say humorless but not quite as much on the fun side while still remaining an excellent film. From the \\"cure\\" to Missippi pulling on a shaw and a wet flower pot as a \\"disguise\\" there is much more a sense of fun in this film that I think propels it ahead..    But.. no matter which you pick, El Dorado (with its great opening) or Rio Bravo.. you still can't lose. Both are great Westerns that will have you wanting to come back to the Old West again.
B0007Y08QA|5.0|I can only support what all other great reviews have said.  Great story, great direction, great acting.  This is very much in the spirit of Memento only I think the story was actually better for The Machinist.  I was hooked in the first minute, no foolin'. Bale is as crazy as the person he was portraying!  During the film I was just sure that they had somehow digitally altered Christian Bale's appearance to look like a starving man.  He weighed only 120 lbs at one point.  Then, I watched the featurette on making The Machinist and discovered, oh my God!  He really did starve himself down to that weight.  That's insane!  Awesome performances all the way 'round.  How did Bale not win awards for this performance?  It was an amazing film.
1878424505|5.0|I am a Flight Attendant and I NEVER leave home without this book in my bag. Whenever things go pear shaped I just take out my book and reread my handbook. That's what I like to call it. The book is an easy read. The agreements are not going to be as easy to follow. Some days are going to better than others. But, this book is a great how to get there. Great gift for anyone.
B00005JPLW|3.0|Long before this film came out, there was Frank Miller's superb graphic novel (still in print, by the way, and well worth the read), and I was a great fan of it. Thus, when I caught wind that a motion picture version was coming out, I was quite excited. Naturally, I expected the film to deviate (as so many comic book films do) from the original source material. While 300 keeps the tone (and the look, by golly!) of the graphic novel, it takes too many liberties with the source material to make it a reverent adaptation.    Taking place in 480 B.C., 300 tells the tale (as retold by Frank Miller) of the battle of Thermopylae, in which a small confederation of Greeks (including 300 Spartans) held off the army of the Persian emperor Xerxes for three days - the largest army of its time. In the end, the Spartans stayed behind at the site and were all slain. Miller's graphic adaptation was an artistic and narrative triumph, creating a great deal of care for the characters and setting the work in a golden, rocky version of the Greek countryside. Much of Miller's artistry is reproduced here - costumes, colors, even individual panel illustrations are featured with loving care and dazzle the eye. Additionally, the fight scenes are brilliant and rival any previously filmed. 300 seems to have been filmed in a manner similar to Sin City, and thus digital wizardry abounds, to good effect.    However, the film delights too much in violence and we find that we have no care whatsoever for the characters. Gerard Butler, who is the spitting image of Miller's rendition of the Spartan king Leonidas, while he cuts an impressive figure, cannot make the dialogue (much of it taken from the graphic novel) poignant and simply spits the lines out through bared teeth. Additionally, a tacked-on and pointless sub-plot with Leonidas' queen, Gorgo, goes nowhere and seems to have been added simply to pad out the time. Overall, a fine action film, but it falls far short of the grandeur of the graphic novel.
1582701709|3.0|The concept of the book is great and true. Positive attracts positive, mind over matter kind of thing. For me it was hard to read. For some of my friends they read the book in a matter of hours. So it's just a matter of personality. Good thing there's a video that is sold also. The one thing I can tell you is that strangers have come up to me to me tell me how the book has changed their lives. And this is just by them seeing me read the book. So take what you want from that. Cheers!
0451526295|4.0|I love Jane Austen and would actually give this book 4 1/2 stars.  It's a little slow in parts but like all of her characters, I loved getting to know Fanny Price.  Fannie is a quiet girl who is sent to live with her wealthy uncle.  She has a very kind heart and is very patient with her Aunt Norris who loves to \\"put her in her place\\".  She is often reminding her that she is in a different class than her cousins that she is so fortunate to live with.  It is wonderful to watch as Fannie grows into a young woman, how she learns to speak her mind and not allow others to manipulate her as they once did.  It is definitely one of my very favorite books.
B000HEWEE4|4.0|After reading some not so good reviews I wasn't sure if I wanted to watch this movie even though I really like Sandra Bullock.  Then a friend of mine suggested that I watch it because she wanted to discuss it and know what I thought about it.  While watching the movie, I simply took it as it was presented and not ask \\"how come\\", \\"how did\\" like I do in a lot of movies.  I enjoyed it so much that I'm buying it!
0689835604|3.0|I bought this book based on rave reviews and recommendation for my daughter. While it's a great concept and the colors are eye catching, the book was a real flop for my daughter and I because the flaps were so hard to open. My daughter would lose interest between \\"Where is Baby's mouth?\\" and the time it would take for me to reveal the body part. When she was older, she also had trouble opening them, and we had to bend a few flaps to make it easier. I really try to avoid this book during story time.
B000002GC2|5.0|I'd almost forgot how good this album was.  Lost in my album boxes for years.  A great dance-funk sound.  Louis Johnson (Brothers Johnson fame) and Steve Lukather (Toto) really jam and just add to the all-star cast Quincy Jones gathered.  You really need to add this CD to your collection.
0060872675|5.0|I have to disagree with those who said this is not a good children's book.  We were given this book as a gift by my aunt who loves cows and has no idea who Terry Pratchett is.  She was rather surprised by the book but sent it anyway.  I have read some of Pratchett's other books so I knew more of what I was in for when I read it to my daughter, who now insists on hearing it several times a day.  She loves the pictures, they are detailed and cartoony at the same time.  And she loves all the different animal noises and voices as long as they are read with enthusiasm. I think children love being read to by the adults that love them regardless of the story, and wouldn't you rather read your kids a book you enjoy too?  One of my favorite things is hearing how different people read the story, like my mother-in-law.  I wish I could find more books like it.
0345455681|4.0|Another good historical novel.  A little long at times, but certainly worth the read....Can get confusing with all the family lines and characters, but the family tree does help.....
B000RG1FMO|5.0|This CD is crazy. The product is great and it keeps me pumped. I believe that Kanye West is the most creative hip hop artist on the market. I can play this hold cd without skipping a track. I don't have to say anything long and drawn out.<br /><br />Top Songs:<br /><br />1. Flashing Lights<br />2. Big Brother<br />3. Champion<br />4. Good Life<br />5. Can't Tell Me Nothing<br />6. I Wonder
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|I love every song on this CD.  I don't understand why this CD has not been more popular.  Kelly continues to be my favorite of all American Idol contestants and winners.
B000VZUWZW|1.0|This was almost painful to watch.  I kept thinking \\"This has to get better. It can't get any worse.\\"  I was wrong.  The acting was horrible.  The plot was ridiculous.  The characters completely predictable.    It may be free but it still wasted 22 minutes of my life that I'll never get back.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|One of the best movies of the year, both graphics and over-the-top acting.  You gotta give Snyder and the whole crew credit for the effort put into this.  Plus the transfer onto Blu-ray is amazing.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I cant remember having so much fun! I cant imagin why a series like this only going one season.Its fun,sexy,silly and serious all in one.I havent loved a cast as much as this one.
B000RJO578|5.0|This movie is terrific! seriuosly. you want a good laugh, a good mystery and a bit of gore, then this one is for you. I loved \\"Shauna of the Dead\\" so I was hoping for a good movie... but it is way better then that. FUNNY!
B000SNUMC0|5.0|I've been listening to Framing Armageddon all day. I have two words for it:    HOLY CRAP!!!!!    This isn't the Iced Earth of even just a few years ago. This is a new IE, with more melody, more depth, and more variety in their songs -- and vocals from Tim Owens that perfectly match the music.    Whereas in the past I thought Tim's vocals seemed tacked on, almost like they were purposely cast to replace (former vocalist) Matt Barlow's vocals, on Armageddon Tim's voice fits the music to a T. It's obvious Armageddon was a collaboration, with Jon writing for Tim's killer vocal style rather than for Matt's.    I know I'll take heat for typing this, but I think Armageddon is IE's best work to date. I love Something Wicked and Horror Show. I think Alive in Athens is a landmark in live metal recordings. But Framing Armageddon is in a different league entirely.    The recording is crisp and multi-layered. There's just the right amount of everything. Track 12, \\"The Clouding,\\" is a phenomenal song. But so are many of the other tracks -- especially \\"The Domino Decree,\\" a song that skirts the edges of classic prog rock by using keyboards that remind me of Kansas. \\"Domino\\" is a stirring, bold, transcendent song on an album brimming over with masterful songs.    Tim shines. No doubt about it. His soaring voice has finally found a home that showcases it. But I think it's Jon Schaffer who deserves high marks for crafting music that lives and breathes, that stands alone as truly great music, rather than music that's clearly created by Jon Schaffer. Jon has a trademark style of riffing and songwriting. Even his guitar tone is classic. But I'm not hearing Jon Schaffer on Framing Armageddon. Even his guitar tone sounds different. No, I'm hearing a mature songwriter who has just created an album that spotlights the talents of everyone involved, not just himself. This is Jon Schaffer's masterpiece. He is clearly at the top of his game.    Framing Armageddon grabbed me from the first listen and has continued to hold my attention virtually all day long.    Remarkable. Absolutely remarkable.    THIS is an Iced Earth that I'd love to see tour.    Bring it to the U.S., Jon!
B000RG1FMO|2.0|I was never a big Kanye West fan, but once I heard his hit song \\"STRONGER\\", I thought it that the album would be awesome. The music all sounded the same. I don't know how his album is beating out 50 Cents' album. People gave this him to much hype. I strongly encourage you to not buy this album. Go out there and purchase 50 Cents' album.
B0000TB01Y|4.0|Wonderful soundrtrack.  The two women's voices blend very well together, and are beautiful to listen to.
B00005JPKE|5.0|Clint Eastwood deserves huge kudos for tackling the 'other side' of a big war movie, and so close to 'Flags of Our Fathers', which I also enjoyed immensely.  The Japanese actors are excellent and the dialogue was snappy and original, though I had to re-wind a couple times because my eyes couldn't keep up with the subtitles.  I tend to go 'cross-eyed' if it's fast.  I especially love the baker character who didn't really want to be there and left a young, pregnant wife at home.  The movie was excellent in showing how many get caught up in a war they don't necessarily believe in.<br /><br />Chrissy K. McVay - Author
B000RG1FMO|4.0|I feel like this album is one of today's better releases, it's my most recent purchase after Talib kweli, Common & Pharoahe Monch (I picked up Curtis also ...).     My favorite tracks are:     Drunk & Hot Girls (featuring Mos Def)  Can't Tell Me Nothing  Flashing Lights (featuring Dwele)  Homecoming    I enjoy almost the entire CD, some of the samples are a little annoying at this point, but I'm sure I'll end up loving them as I continue to listen.    As far as all of Kanye's CDs, I rank this third out of three, but I don't consider that a bad thing. His other CDs were classic - and featured more guest appearances (something I normally don't endorse, but Kanye pulls it off very well), which I was looking for more of on this album. Common is   absent, no Talib, No Jay - well, no Jay verse ... (Spoiler!) and Jeezy makes an appearance in the first single that is classic, without spitting a verse also.    The CD is filled with some classic lines, and is a pleasure to listen to.
B000OCXFCO|5.0|If you like real metal at all this is a must buy no question about it do it do it now! This is Dave crowning master piece of everything he has been working for since leaving Metallica.. Dave you have finally done it this lp smokes anything Metallica ever did. From lightning riffs to razor vocal and political thinking mans lyrics this disc has it all. I can't get it out of my player. This is run through a brick wall muscel music of the best kind. Don't think about it click buy and shut up you won't be sorry!!!!!
B000RG1FMO|4.0|After listening to \\"The College Dropout\\" and \\"Late Registration\\" before taking the plastic off \\"Graduation\\", I can honestly say, this is my least favorite effort from Kanye, but it's a good album. Some songs should have missed the album (Barry Bonds w/Lil' Wayne). The song titled \\"Champion\\" has an introspective look at how he values alot of things he took for granted. So to say for \\"Everything I Am\\", he talks about what these other \\"rappers\\" are rapping about and getting praised for, Kanye is still himself. \\"Good Life\\" is by far my favorite track. \\"I Wonder\\" is a guilt trip track that some of us can use as motivation. And who cant love \\"Big Brother\\". Deep down inside I am a heavy Kanye West fan (Jay-Z being #1). West still keeps the origins of hip-hop alive, and right now, thats what the \\"industry\\" need. Real Emcees, Real Hip-Hop with Real Lyrics with a Real Meaning.
B000NA2776|4.0|Like the Scissor Sisters but with a bit more cheek.  Interesting mix of sounds.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|Director Kazuhisa Takenochi and Daft Punk have created a must-see video that combines the disctictive style of Daft Punk with eye pleasing Japanese animation. By themselves, each would hold their own in entertainment value. Together, it's a wonderful mixture of sci-fi and techno-pop.  Must see (and hear).
B000001EC1|5.0|This CD is worth every penny.  Most of Bon Jovi's classics are on this track and they sound great!!
0618680004|5.0|Anything written on this subject which is written by someone other than Dawkins, pales in comparison. He is the class. I have read all of his books and they are all excellent. Other books written by authors on atheism  are books better suited for children than intelligent adults.  Dawkins is unsurpassed.....he still holds the title of the man at the top of his game. A brilliant work as are the rest of his books.
B000R8YC3G|5.0|I loved Shaun of the Dead when I saw it on DVD. When I got a HD-DVD player, I found out this movie was on HD-DVD and I had to have it! It was better watching it this time around than when I first remember. If you don't own the movie already, you need to get it, if you do own it, watch it again or buy the HD-DVD version if you want to support the format and/or Simon, Nick, and Bill.
1563523302|5.0|This book is a goldmine. Get it, read it, apply it. It's not the only ethical way to wealth, but it's the most reliable. The Millionaire Next Door has had over ten years for it's thesis to be validated in the marketplace, and it's never been proven wrong. It's the boring and slow way to get rich. Many are called, but few are chosen.    Take action!
1594489505|4.0|I have enjoyed this book much more than Hosseini's The Kite Flyer.  It is about women, and I believe that that's  the reason for this.  This writer has the amazing ability to create characters and places that are so believable.  It was indeed a book that I didn't want to end.  The hardest part for me, was to know that these things occured  while I was living my safe, protected life as an American.  It is so difficult to realize that people are still living in these primitive circumstances, and suffering so many indignities. It's a thought provoking book.  I highly recommend it.
B000PFU7OO|4.0|This was a terrific movie, and the soundtrack brings it all back.  It is a bit of a sad, moaning soundtrack, so best not to listen to when you're in a blue funk.
B000MCIBAW|4.0|Being cognizant of his on-stage antics, when I used to listen to Jim Morrison singing \\"People are Strange\\" on the radio, back in the 1970s, I couldn't help but think of an old put-down from my childhood: \\"Takes one to know one!\\"<br /><br />But strange people can still make great music.<br /><br />Unlike most other reviewers here at Amazon, I do not consider \\"Strange Days\\" to be one of The Doors' best albums; however, it's still pretty good. Even when The Doors were at their worst, they were still near the top of the Rock music heap.<br /><br />The songs from this album that got the most airplay were \\"Love Me Two Times\\" and \\"People are Strange.\\" But, while \\"Love Me Two Times\\" is certainly one of The Doors' best, \\"People are Strange\\" is a rather odd tune and, in the opinion of this reviewer, one of the weaker tracks on this CD.<br /><br />In addition to \\"Love Me Two Times,\\" \\"You're Lost Little Girl\\" and \\"When the Music's Over\\" are the most outstanding compositions on \\"Strange Days.\\"<br /><br />Some of the music on this CD is pure psychedelic. If you didn't know it was The Doors, you might think it was Iron Butterfly or the Electric Prunes.<br /><br />Getting back to the strangeness issue, in conclusion I would add that Mr. Morrison was certainly on the beam compared to those of his fans who think that he is still alive and living on an Island off the coast of Africa somewhere. Yeah...Maybe he's there with Elvis and JFK....
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This is by far the best planet earth mini series i have ever seen.  Great shows and stunning camera footage.
B00005JSGK|5.0|My only problem was that my original order was lost in the mail, and Amazon sent me a replacement as soon as I let them know - other than that, everything went smoothly.
073933705X|5.0|A great book. We listened to it as a family. It is very poignant and it gives alot of things to discuss. I have to disagree with a few reviewers and say that it isn't that violent and the ending isn't in bad taste. I was very pleased that this book doesn't use bad language or bring vivid pictures that would be too tough for younger readers. To be honest, there are worse books about the holocaust that I had to edit for the purpose of my children. This wasn't one of them. Give it a chance. The author discusses all of the reviews he has gotten and plainly says that it isn't a historical fiction but just a novel bringing a different perspective. An excellent book for family reading and discussing.
B000QUCNP4|4.0|David Fincher invites his viewers on a nearly three hour journey into obsession in Zodiac. Two obsessions ,really, one the story of a person with a obsession for killing and the second of the police and journalists on an obsessive quest for the truth.    Zodiac is a departure from normal Fincher fare. The film is more a tight police procedural than a gory serial killer film. The story is the stuff of urban legend and needs no real explanation. The three principal leads in the film Jake Gyllenhaal as cartoonist Robert Graysmith,  Mark Rufallo as Inspector David Toschi and Robert Downey, Jr. as reporter Paul Avery are excellent. The film offers insights into all of its characters great and small that are not usually found in films of this type. We go on an emotional ride with these people and begin to care about what the strain of the case is doing to them both professionally and personally.    Fincher has always been a director for creating atmosphere ans Zodiac is no different.  Using cinematographer Harris Savides and production designer Donald Graham Burt he effectively recreates late 1960's/ early 1970's San Francisco without ever going over the top. Writer James Vanderbilt provides a complex screenplay that keeps you guessing throughout. There are more false leads and red herrings here for a film twice its length.    If there is a problem with this film it's that Paramount has decided to release a bare bones edition of the film but promises a new bonus filled Director's Edition early in 2008. Having this trailer on the film feels like a slap in the face to those of us who bought the early edition.    This is one of the better and more intelligent films of the year thus far and deserves a look. You may want to rent it now and wait for the special edition before purchasing it though.
0060531053|5.0|I bought this book as a stepping stone into the world of creating beer.  Not only does this humorous and insightful tome offer advice on the essential equipment needed to brew beer, but does so in a way that is wonderfully organized and succinct.  Mr. Papazian's book covers every aspect of beginning homebrewing and better homebrewing, as well as offering a glimpse of the more advanced world of creating your own wort from grain.  The three main sections of this book are divided into skill and experience level, are very well organized and leave you with the feeling that anyone can make good beer.  If you want to start brewing your own beer at home, buy this book and \\"How to Brew: Everything You Need To Know To Brew Beer Right The First Time\\" by John Palmer.  You won't be sorry you purchased these books.
0440418569|5.0|I read His Dark Materials because the movie Golden Compass is coming out in December 2007.  I am so glad I did!  It is a beautifully written series.  Amber Spyglass was my favorite of the 3 books.      I would recommend this title for ages 12 and up.
0937381888|5.0|I bought this book along with Charlie Papazian's third edition of \\"Complete Joy of Homebrewing.\\"  These two books have taught me everything I needed to know to make outstanding beer the first time.  My experience was with a standard Pale Ale recipe.  With the instruction and advice in this book,  the beer was outstanding.  The book covers all aspects of beginning homebrewing, including equipment needed, the essential science behind homebrewing, ingredients and a no-nonsense approach to brewing your first batch.  I especially appreciated that Chapter 1 was dedicated to the person that wanted to brew his/her own beer immediately.  It takes you through the process and then expounds on the process in the following chapters.  If you just wanted to brew a batch of beer, Chapter 1 will get you there.  If you want to understand the brewing process and why things are done the way they are, read the rest of the book.  I feel as I've gained years of homebrewing knowledge by purchasing this book and assimilating the wisdom and experience contained within.
B000068IEU|2.0|This movie has HORRIBLE acts in it, but it does not belong in the horror genre.  It's more of a Drama  I give it 3 stars for drama.  You know what it is about already based on the hundreds of other reviews.  I'm just going to say that it wasn't scary it was kind of just a thriller/drama.  Sad kinda really.  The music was odd to say the least.  I think the movie had a lot of hidden meanings in it, poetic kind of.  Don't buy this if you're looking for horror, it's just not in this movie.  Yeah there are killings but...that doesn't make it a horror movie by default.  This is a dramatic piece of...work.
B000VDDDY6|5.0|This is a set I've wanted ever since the first remastered episode aired last year.  Having just invested in Toshiba's HD-A20 player, I've been looking for a good start to an HD DVD library (aside from the five free videos).     So many people are focusing on the price, which is actually less than I was expecting (the Star Trek site lists it for $217, so $139's not bad).  These people seem to forget the remastering of these episodes cost money, especially the new effects.  These aren't just fans doing it for free.  Yes, it'll probably be reduced at some point (as were the dvd sets for the Classic, NG, and DS9 series), but I, for one, can't wait to get a set.      It all comes down to how much you want it.  If you don't want to spend the money, just don't buy it.
B00005JLCI|5.0|I have taught Hamlet in an inner city high school at least 15-20 times. This film does for Shakespeare what no other film has ever done: it deeply engages your emotions. You care about Hamlet. For all his faults, the kids ended up loving him and missing him when it was over. That is the only way to get people to engage intellectually with the play. The play and film, when studied together, are the equivalent of the Krell Brain-Booster if you know Forbidden Planet. I've seen all the other available Hamlet films from Olivier to Burton to Gibson to Kline to Jacoby. With the exception of Jacoby, whose interpretation is at least interesting, don't bother with the others. Is Branaugh's Hamlet perfect? No, but that is like asking Creation to be perfect. Imperfection is, paradoxically, what makes the play so great. One 's view of it changes every time it is read or viewed in this film. One can never pluck out the heart of its mystery. If there is only one Shakespeare film you ever watch, make it this one. (For high school students who resist the original text, it is perfectly fine to use a modern version as a way in. I recommend the Baron's Shakespeare Made Easy version as it has both the original and a modern text that preserves a great deal of the original.)
0767817710|2.0|This could be one of the worst directed movies I've ever seen by an accomplished director.  You like super fast cuts and close ups for no reason, yes Sam, I get it!  Tilt the camera and zoom in on someone's face twenty times in one minute and see how quickly you can piss off the viewer.  This film at times is totally unwatchable because the lack of motivation to direct a simplistic western instead of an over stylized piece of garbage. I will give the director a nod, he does a wonderful job of distracting me from the equally dreadful script.  Sam most have read the script and knew he needed something to jazz it up.  Come on man, you were handed about the best cast you could ever get.  Leo, Sharon Stone, Gene Hackmen, Russle Crow, Gary Senies...what else do you want.  Wow, this movie is awful in so many ways and I love westerns.  The plot is so stupid and the drama is so over the top.  the gun fights made me think I was suffering from vertigo.  Oh, did I mention how awful the directing is.  Yes, it's another stupid remake that makes you wonder what this director was thinking when he said, yes i have a vision for this film.  it's no surprise to me when i scrolled down to see what people also bought when they bought this film, Young guns 1 and 2, need I say more. This movie got four to five stars from most every reviewer on amazon, this is also a statement on the sensualities and utter ignorance of how a motion picture should be made by the average reviewer on this site.  There is nothing original here, Stones character is a Hack impersonation of an old western archetype that has been played a hundred times better than see ever could.  Every other character is cliche and even the towns name, \\"Redemption\\" is awful.  I love Sam Raimi's directing style in the Evil Dead movies, sorry Sam it doesn't work here.  Later when he makes the film \\"the Gift\\" he has learned the subtitles of film making and when to hold back the style and give in to substance.  Maybe this film was a learning experience for him.  You got your chops down in time for Spider-man but you really S#!T the bed on this one.  I gave this review an extra star because i love the emotion Crowe puts into his expressions when he looks up at the clock. Magnifico!<br /><br />If your a recent recipient of a lobotomy go ahead and buy this movie, I'm sure you'll find it compelling in every way.earning experience for him.  You got your chops down in time for Spider-man but you really S#!T the bed on this one.  I gave this review an extra star because i love the emotion Crowe puts into his expressions when he looks up at the clock. Magnifico!    If your a recent recipient of a lobotomy go ahead and buy this movie, I'm sure you'll find it compelling in every way.
0439813786|5.0|My daughter loved this book as much as I did.  It was easy to read because it has lots of interesting pictures.  A book that you can enjoy over and over for years to come.
B00005JPLW|5.0|The movie is incredible, one of the most remarkable epic movies of all times. It is Frank Miller's book in motion. Do not expect it to be a documentary about Thermopylae, remember it's Frank Miller we're talking about! The facts are twisted in order to bring the most spectacular story possible. If you like action and epic movies you will not be dissapointed!<br />Special features include: Additional Scenes, Frank Miller's vision realized on Film, 300 Spartans - Fact or Fiction?, Who were the Spartans (how the actors built their characters based on spartan customs), Webisodes (go on set with the cast and crew) and Commentary by Director Zack Snyder.
6304711905|5.0|This is definitly one of the best westerns made.  Kurt Russell and company proves they can go back into time and become their characters.  Val Kilmer should have received an Oscar for Supporting Actor that year.  I watch this movie over and over.  Yes, it is violent.  But those were   violent times.  Not much different from today!    It's a great movie, all in all.
B00005ATQF|5.0|It was the Hague Convention of 1899 that banned bullets that flatten or easily expand in the body...so now militaries around the world use \\"Full Metal Jacket (FMJ)\\" rounds, which is why the movie isn't called something like \\"Jacketed-Hollow-Point (JHP).\\" Now while a JHP round has a lead core with a hollow tip, it also has a copper (generally) jacket of metal around the bottom 2/3rds or so of the body. Then when it hits target the speed of the bullet caused the tissue filling up the hole of the bullet to push the bullet walls out and make if larger in diameter causing more damage as it passes through the body. A full metal jacket bullet instead is a lead bullet completely surrounded by a copper jacket so it barely deforms at all when it hits almost anything except heavy bone, rock, metal, etc... The bullets are cheaper to make, less likely to jam and more likely to injure rather than kill.
B0000046ZJ|5.0|Stan Getz in person was quite unpleasant apparently. Quite in contrast to his wonderful Tenor Sax playing. Here he supported by the Oscar Peterson Trio in a session recorded in October 1957.<br /><br />The most noticeable thing about this session is that there is no drummer, although sometimes you'd swear there was as it swings hard! The trio is Ray Brown - Bass, Herb Ellis - Guitar, and Oscar Peterson - Piano. The first track \\"I want to be happy\\" absolutely motors along with Getz playing a typically lyrical inventive solo followed by a blistering reply from Peterson.<br /><br />The other oddity is the last track \\"Blues for herky\\", a straight blues started by Peterson with a downhome Jimmy Yancy boogie-woogie left-hand. A boogie-woogie feel is maintained throughout the whole track and finishes the album off perfectly leaving you wanting more.<br /><br />If the rest of the album isn't quite as interesting as those two tracks theres plenty of other classy tracks that you may well prefer. Well worth getting.
B000RIWAYY|5.0|Even if you already own \\"Surfing with the Alien\\", the new remastered CD is worth getting... the sound is louder and clearer, and the booklet with notes and stories on the making of the album make it a \\"must-have\\" for the Satch fan... the bonus DVD is also a blast, if you want to reminisce about back when Satch had hair, hehe... the show's great tho!
B000R7HY0K|2.0|To buy this dvd is to miss what made this such a fun film in the theater.  I hope that Planet Terror has better extras when it is released. The Machete and Thanksgiving trailers were highlights of the film and I thought part of it. Also, the film itself.  Okay, but not nearly as good as Planet Terror.  The final half of the film drones on and on with its chase scene.  Also, the dialogue between the girls was not up to the par of some of Tarantino's former films (Jackie Brown, Pulp Fiction, or Kill Bill).  So, save your money and hope that Grindhouse is released like it should be on one disc (and it would fit on one disc by the way).  If you must buy one of these films, try Planet Terror.
B00001PE4D|5.0|Cruel Intentions is a movie you have to see to believe. Sarah Michelle Gellar has never been more bitchy and Reese Witherspoon has never been more pure. Both of these beauties bring strength and humor to their roles and Ryan Philippe became a heartthrob after this movie was released, although he doesn't quite have much range as an actor then. This film is all about playing wicked games on the innocent which is Witherspoon's character, secrets come out and vengence is seeked. This film is sorta campy but very enjoyable. Can you say guilty pleasure? This is a must-see. Enjoy!
B00000JGHM|5.0|I cannot praise this film enough; Heat is an absolute GRAND SLAM by brilliant director Michael Mann.  Even though there may be a few spots in which the movie drags on a little, you just have to get past that.  Heat was filmed ENTIRELY on location, and every single frame in this film is magnificent, a testament to Mann's sheer genius.  It has the greatest bank heist and subsequent shootout scenes in cinematic history, and the ending is phenomenal and heartwrenching enough to practically leave you in tears.  Do not hestitate to buy this true masterpiece of American cinema.
B0007KTBIU|5.0|I was very happy to find Pocahontas (10th Anniversary edition) and at such a good price.  My Grandaughter was so upset when our VCR \\"ate\\" our previous tape that I had found at a garage sale.  I had been looking all over for a replacement and was happy to find it in the CD format.
B000654YRY|5.0|This is a great show by an ultra talented band.  The only drawback is that it's in 2 channel however if you have an above average digital receiver and good speakers (i.e. not little plastic ones) you can put it in Pro Logic II and get great surround sound.    I would have loved to have been at this show.    Buy it if you're a DS fan, you won't be sorry.
0471267554|3.0|It is a good review of what has been written before.  I learned something from it, which was helpful.
B000UD08HW|5.0|***Slight Spoiler***** Read ahead if you don't want to be shocked.<br /><br />I was lucky enough to not only get this several days ago (It is not in stores till the 18th) but I also watched it at home and then had the chance to see it in the movie theater today along with the broadcast questions and answers session with David. It is just amazing and the IMAX theater version was cut by about an hours worth of songs that are on the DVD of course. The strobe lights in a couple areas of this dvd were messing with the theater's screen capabilities but otherwise it was cool. Echoes is a standout on the first dvd. The bonus DVD has the real gems here though. How about Roger Waters and David Gilmour having a friendly chat and actually hugging. You heard it here folks. By-gons being by-gons?. Well I have to say things have been much better between these two in the last 2-3 years. Folks this is a great 2 DVD package with everything the Gilmour enthusiast would want. He is by far my favorite musician of all time. I also spotted many other people on the bonus DVD. How about Paul Simon, Mike Rutherford getting into a Limo with David, A couple of guys from Gilmour's past touring solo bands in 84 and 89. Look closely and you will see even more people you know but are not announced. Enjoy!
B000BCKFWK|5.0|The item I purchased was in perfect condition upon arrival.  It was everything the description said it would be.  Shipment of the item was very fast.  I think I got it three days sooner than I was expecting it.  Amazon always offer such a variety of products with really good deals.  I'm very happy with the site and I shop here often.
B000VZUWZW|2.0|From the trailers I thought the concept for this show would be good, but even if you have a science/engineering/math background and get the jokes, they still are not very funny.  I watched this show for 22 minutes and that was about as much as I could take.  I can't see how this show will last past a few episodes.  About the only laughs you will get from this show are the ones you hear coming from the awful laugh track.      I hope this is not indicative of the new shows being released this fall... if it is were all doomed.
630463949X|5.0|This has to be one of the best live performances captured in video. The entire cast is in fine form. If you love music, this is a must in your collection.
B000OZ2CZW|5.0|This album is much better than her previous ones, a must listen are, of course Umbrella, Shut Up & Drive, Sell me candy, breakin' dishes and Lemme get that! Rihanna's gone a whole LOT better!!!
0757302661|2.0|I listened to the CD as soon as I received this book in the mail and I was disapointed to find that it assumes a male partner.  I found it very distracting during the meditation and haven't listened since.  I would not recommend this book to single women or lesbian couples.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|[[ASIN:B000Q6GUW0 Dexter - The First Season]] I<br />Thought this was a very edgy series and it had me on the edge of my seat I'm glad I saw the ad and chose this dvd
B000PKG6TE|2.0|It's so rare to find in hard rock a sense of life and excitement by much of what you hear these days, but it was hard to miss in Songs For The Deaf and at least half of Lullabies to Paralyze, the previous two Queens of the Stone Age albums.  It's a sense that QOTSA used to excel at - hearing a song like \\"God Is In The Radio\\" or \\"Someone's In The Wolf\\" or (to go back a ways) \\"Better Living Through Chemistry\\" was to experience the real release of the volume, drive, and sensuality located inside hard rock.  To say Era Vulgaris has none of this would be both an understatement and an overstatement.  It does, after all, have \\"Misfit Love,\\" which is at least pissy enough to be a good time, and its opener, \\"Turning on the Screw,\\" though it thuds, seems to have at least a trace of the Queens of old.  But take a song like \\"Battery Acid\\" - the guitar clatters and thuds like a Ratt reunion concert, and the band yells seemingly 'raawk' lyrics like \\"Battery acid in my veins!\\" and you're left with the certainty that you'd hate the song if there was any chance you'd remember it.  That sums up the album - obnoxious when it's not completely forgettable, and, at worst, sounding like an Eagles Of Death Metal album played straight.  \\"Sick, Sick, Sick\\" attempts the slash and burn rock of \\"Medication\\" or \\"Song For The Dead\\" but sounds dull - much screaming about nothing.  \\"Suture Up Your Future\\" is either attempting atmosphere or a slow-burn rocker, but bores you to death in the process.  It's telling that even \\"Make It Witchu,\\" a popular, winning song from Josh Homme's \\"Desert Sessions\\", here sounds half hearted and inconsequential, much like the album that surrounds it.
0316067598|3.0|I have the greatest respect for this young fellow and all SEALs, and this story moved me greatly. I agree with every word about the liberal media and the guys in suits running the war, just like in Viet Nam. And as a Texan, I'm glad to see us represented so brilliantly in this book and in the White House. But the depth of ignorance shown by the co-author and the editors is abysmal. Writing about \\".556mm\\" and \\".762mm\\" rifle calibers, the C-130 taking off from \\"North Air Station, Coronado\\" (do you mean NAS North Island?? why not call it that?), and the constant use of \\"Navy SEALs\\" (are there any other forces that have SEALs? I don't THINK so!) just irked me no end. Another case of a ghost writer who knows zip about the modern military (even though he's written a bunch of novels about just that subject). Marcus, you should have written this book all by yourself; it would have been a LOT more readable.
B000PTYP5C|3.0|The album still compares well to the most metal albums out there. Problem is, most of the metal albums out there aren't all that great.<br /><br />Musically, it's not great, but isn't bad either. While songs like Prophets of War are not really metal and far as it gets from progressive, the music is still enjoyable, and technically proficient. The soul just isn't there, and many songs are mixed just like too many other RR bands (I've heard a glimpse of Porcupine Tree style in Repentance, and a bit of Opeth on Dark Eternal Night).<br /><br />The lyrics, however, are quite embarrassing. I'm not sure what happened, maybe the band got some kind of a cheese flu, but it is NOT Dream Theater. Imagine worst of Iron Maiden lyrics, take it a step down, and you'll understand what I'm talking about.<br /><br />All in all, it seems as if the band was obligated to crank a new album in limited amount of time, due to the contract, and they did the best they could. Just by the standards they themself set, it isn't much. Hopefully, the following albums will not follow the trait.
B000PY52EU|3.0|and that is an acronym for dumb @ZZ movie. Jackson and Ricci's performances were on point. Timberlake's was only so-so but at least he was believable. Actually, the only problem that I had with this movie was the writing and the jumbled plot. The cast was there but the writers and the directors must have been on vacation. So much more could have been done with this film. I was just not impressed. I give it 2.5 stars for the cast.
0060254920|5.0|This is a great children's book and is on many top lists, won numerous awards, etc.  It is a wonderful, typical Sendak-style story where something scary is not so scary after all.  Great for girls and boys!
0156027321|5.0|A great book- a story within a story, a story about stories, the stories we tell others and the stories we tell ourselves. The story of Pi's journey through the Pacific is told twice and the reader is left to wonder which is more accurate- but as with many \\"unreliable narrator\\" stories emotional truth trumps literal truth and the tiger may just be a metaphor for something else. Pi's final words about Richard Parker are haunting and the whole book is a fascinating meditation on the ever-stretching limits of human endurance.
B0009X7664|4.0|It says a lot that \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" was made in 1962, at a time when Hollywood was finally able to address the civil rights issue and congratulate itself on its courage for doing so, while not actually presenting material that would be truly challenging to American audiences.  If a film like this had been made even ten years earlier, it would have constituted an act of true artistic courage.  Made in 1962, \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" is a work of great artistry, but there is nothing overwhelmingly courageous about it.    Critical response to the film version of \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" seems to fall into two categories.  The majority of reviewers have praised the film's beauty and simplicity, its wonderfully natural and understated performances, and its loving evocation of a long-gone place and time.  A minority of commentators, including Roger Ebert, have criticized the film's lapses of believability and its use of African-American characters as symbols rather than individuals.    I think that both views are clearly correct.  The performances of the entire cast -- in particular, Gregory Peck, Mary Badham and Brock Peters -- bring the story to life so naturally that the viewer seems to be watching the lives of real people rather than a movie.  As Mulligan and Pakula point out on their DVD commentary, the entire film is handled with a dignity and restraint that would be unthinkable in later eras of the history of motion pictures.    On the other hand, the film features less meaningful interaction between the black and white characters than one might have hoped -- less, indeed, than takes place in Harper Lee's novel.  Tom Robinson, the African-American character most central to the plot, never comes into direct contact with Scout, the viewpoint character.  She witnesses his tragedy like a spectator at a play, never seeming to grapple with it personally.  When the repercussions of Tom Robinson's story finally threaten Scout and Jem in the film's third act, it is a white character who endangers them and another white character who saves them.    The only African-American character who walks through the movie as a regular person rather than a tragic symbol is Calpurnia, Atticus' household employee, excellently played by Estelle Evans.  In earlier Hollywood eras, few black characters could have interacted with whites so naturally and straightforwardly, or been presented as strong and intelligent individuals in their own right without any trace of comedy.  But even Calpurnia seems to fade out of the story as it proceeds, and we never see her reaction to the fate of Tom Robinson.    \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" is a treasurable movie, in particular for its depiction of the unusual relationship of mutual respect between Atticus and his children and for Elmer Bernstein's score, featuring one of the loveliest main themes ever to come out of Hollywood.  But it probably does not deserve to be regarded as one of America's greatest films.  Most mockingbirds are gray, but there are two mockingbirds in this movie:  one white and one black.  Only the white mockingbird perches on the heroine's shoulder to sing his song, and that's a bit disappointing.
B00005JPRV|5.0|I am the primary programmer for the Savannah Film Society and my job often involves finding great titles and not being able to book them.  Luckily, I was able to secure a 35mm print from Sony and we screened the movie tonight.<br />It is fantastic - in both senses of the word.  Luc Besson, who helmed such flicks as \\"The Transporter\\", \\"District-b13\\" and \\"The Fifth Element\\", also wrote the heartfelt and funny film.  Gorgeously photographed (in a multilayered B/W with plenty of greys) in Paris, starring Rie Rasmussen (Victoria's Secret model) and Jamal Debbouze (Amalie), it deals with a low life getting his life together with a leggy, blond, chain-smoking angel.<br />This film is funny, sincere, and imaginative.  It is highly enjoyable and I am glad I was able to bring it to my patrons.
B000LC55F2|4.0|I just saw \\"The Illusionist\\" a couple of weeks ago and was afraid that this movie would be too similar, as they came out around the same time and are both about magicians. I could NOT have been more wrong. Two completely different films.<br /><br />Anyway, this movie was amazing. It took me a while to get excited about it, but then I couldn't look away. The ending especially - wow.
B000SNUMC0|2.0|I will start by saying I have loved all Iced Earth cd's up until this point . I also have no problem with Owens as a singer. After listening to this album a few times, I have to say that I don't think it's very good. For me, the first five or six songs are okay. My favorite song is the single, Ten Thousand Strong. As someone else said there are too many slow songs. I don't mind slow songs as long as they are good. I didn't find the vocal melodies in the verses or choruses to be very catchy or the music to be very memorable.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|i adore this film, and the BBC miniseries as well.  This film is set when the book was written (Georgian England) not published (Victorian England), unlike the BBC version.  The difference is seen not just in the costumes, but in the manner of communicating.  In Georgian England, people were much more expressive.  Hence, the film is less subtle (also neccessary for a 2-hour version!) than the miniseries.  Give Macfayden a chance, he's no Colin Firth, but I think he communicates the \\"he's not a snob, he's just shy\\" aspect much better than Firth, who comes accross as simply arrogant for most of the BBC version.
B000N6TX1I|4.0|This is one of those movies that presents a possible future of what the human race might look like after some catastrophe occurs.<br /><br />What that catastrophe was I don't know but somehow women cannot become pregnant.<br /><br />Why the world (or at least England) has descended into chaos and despair I also don't know.  Perhaps as nobody was born and the work force retired there was nobody left to take their place.  There were no kids left to work at McDonalds, etc.. so anarchy eventually broke out perhaps.<br /><br />This is an interesting concept as far as what sorts of things could really destroy the human race or at least put the world into a similar state.  Pathogens were created in the former Soviet Union during the cold war that could do something like this.  Hopefully these will never fall into the wrong hands.<br /><br />Mainly I picked up this movie to see the sniper from 'The Bourne Identity' in another role.  He's more of a good guy in this movie although he's back in the cross hairs again.<br /><br />To me Clive is a great actor.<br /><br />Clive is the main character so I wonder why he's not listed in the description on amazon.com:<br /><br />Starring: Juan Gabriel Yacuzzi, Michelle Hussain<br /><br />  Jeff Marzano<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00023B1LM The Bourne Identity (Full Screen Extended Edition)]]
B00005JPFC|5.0|Delectably fantastic is the way I would describe Pixar's RATATOUILLE;just the perfect blend of ingredients to make an informative film on the art of cooking that is both savoury and sweet for adults and enough action and cuteness for the kids (kids that do not get bored easily and have a bit of \\"je ne sais quoi\\" that is either inborn or taught by some diligent and progressive parents!).Having run a dining facility for nine years now, I found that RATATOUILLE served up a deliciously adult entree of informative cooking tips and cooking terms that we teach at our restaurant.The information about how a kitchen is run and the personel hierarchy is spot-on.We try to always create \\"the new\\" knowing that the patrons and the critics are always \\"on the prowl\\" to catch us on an off day! So,I had NO problems at all with the total enjoyability of this very clever film.I found it far more illuminating than EMERIL and JULIA CHILDS! The fact that a rat named Remy (named after Remy Martin I presume) is the chief-artiste made this rollicking good film all the more delightful.The French accents, the cooking terms, the problem with patrons and critics are all very adult themes, and I saw children around me squirming and laughing occasionally.The adults,though, roared and had a good time and I wondered,\\" Did Pixar just trick we adults into seeing a film aimed primarily at us?\\" Well, if they did then it worked for me.I loved every last bite,every last morsel and I belched with approval after the dessert!
B000OYC7A8|5.0|I saw the DVD release premier in Arlington, VA. WOW!!! David is as great as ever!! It was wonderful watching it on the theater screen. The whole showing was about two and a half hours long, but somehow the concert portion seemed kind of short. Or, maybe it was my perception - time flies when you are having a good time.     In the beginning, the band plays several songs from David's solo works with Crosby and Nash (I am not a big fan of david's solo music, so I don't know the titles... but they sounded great!). Then comes \\"Arnold Lane\\" featuring David Bowie, \\"High Hopes\\", \\"Shine On....\\", \\"Wish You Were Here\\", \\"Time\\", \\"Breath (reprise)\\", and then, the band ends the concert with amazing rendition of the masterpiece \\"Echoes\\". I got emotional from the beginning, but \\"Echoes\\" really did it - Wow! I don't know how to describe it... it is amazing! Richard Wright seems to have great fun with this piece incorporating more interesting variations on his keyboard. The pyrotechnique on stage is at it's peak during this piece, too.     Those of you who missed the concert like myself, get this DVD - it's a 'must' for any Pink Floyd/David Gilmour fan.
B000OYC7A8|5.0|Well I just returned home from seeing the Northern States DVD showing at the IMAX theater and what an experience. There was even live linked Q&A via satellite with Gilmore and that put the icing on the cake. They even showed us the extras of the band behind the scenes while touring. We are true fans of Gilmore and what a great time they were all having doing this tour. I just ordered my copy of the DVD and can't wait to get it. There was a song that took us by surprise and really stood out and that was Echoes! What a treat that was. Enjoy all of you who purchase it! You wont be disappointed!
0399226907|5.0|This is one of Carle's best books (along with Brown Bear, Brown Bear).  It teaches counting to 5, the days of the week, and how caterpillars become butterflies.  The illustrations are, of course, stunning.  My daughter has enjoyed this book since she was about 8 months old.
0887307280|4.0|I never knew that I wasn't alone in my frustration of the business world.  This book has truly been a godsend to help me revision and revitalize.
B000H5AQMU|5.0|This is an excellent book by Bruce Lee, he inspiration of the art form.  If you are interested in JKD or learning more about the subject or Bruce Lee and how ingenious he was then this is a must have!
1582701709|1.0|This book is a major major let down. It reads like a self help magazine, at best. The goals of getting bigger houses and bigger cars are a slight to the original eastern philosphy it tries to embody. Don't waste your time with this shallow and misguided book. Read something of value that will teach you how to truly put the law of attraction into your life. Unless of course, you'd rather sit on the couch and visualize your life away, lusting after things you don't really need. Ancient religious texts, philosophy and yogic texts use the same ideas but have a profound meaning. This book misses the mark entirely. Her interpretation of why bad things happen is a malformed definition of karma. And I can only say that how she addresses the treatment of overweight people and the pursuit of \\"things\\" will only result in more karma, more let down, more jealousy and more attachments to things that have no true value at all.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|I can't say there's a song I hate on this CD. It is quite possibly Kanye's best CD yet. Album of the year? Definitely. If I could give this CD fifteen stars, that would be my score.    BUT, the only complaint is that there are three bonus tracks missing from the main retail edition of this album, and if you want this album to be a 20-star instead of a 15-star, then you need to pick up limewire and download tracks 14, 15, and 16 to make this the best CD OF ALL TIME. These last three tracks are that great. They're enough to make this CD even more than legendary. Here they are...    14. Good Night (feat. Mos Def & Al Be)  15. Bitter Sweet Poetry (feat. John Mayer & Keisha Cole)  16. US Placers (CRS-- Lupe Fiasco, Kanye West, & Pharrell)    Buy the album, download these three songs, and then you'll have the perfect CD package possible. I'm kind of mad that they weren't already on the CD, but what's important is that I got em now, and now I am set for life.    If I was living on a desert island and had to choose from only 5 CDs to listen to for the rest of my life, I would take this CD, (with the bonus tracks), and then use the other four CDs for kindling. That's how good this album is. You can't be unhappy when listening to it.
B00005JPLW|5.0|One of the best movies ever made.  It's right up there with Gladiator and Braveheart.  A must have in your DVD collection.
B000QUCNOU|5.0|THIS FILM IS SO GOOD, I HAD TO GET THE BOOK BY ROBERT GRAYSMITH. THE BOOK IS A LITTLE DIFFERENT THAN THE FILM. NAME CHANGES, STUFF LIKE THAT. I FIRST HEARD ABOUT THE ZODIAC ON THE A&E CHANNELL. IT WAS AN INTERESTING YET FRIGHTFUL TRUE STORY THAT HAPPENED IN THE LATE 60'S AND 70'S. IT REMINDS ME OF THE SON OF SAM, WHICH I KNOW MORE ABOUT BECAUSE I AM FROM AND STILL LIVE IN NYC, THAT HIT CLOSER TO HOME, BUT THE ZODIAC IS A LITTLE BIT MORE SCARY TO HEAR AND READ ABOUT. STEVE MCQUEEN'S BULLET, WAS BASED ON THE LEAD INSPECTOR, DAVE TOSCHI. MARK RUFFALO WHO PLAYS THE POLICE DET. IS FANTASTIC. HE HAS THE ITALIAN LOOK, THE CURLY HAIR, YES HIS HAIR IS REALLY THAT CURLY. I HEARD ABOUT THE ACTOR, BUT I THINK IT'S THE FIRST TIME I SAW HIM ACT. HE IS SO BELIEVEABLE. I READ IN THE BOOK HE ACTUALLY MET WITH DAVE TOSCHI TO PICK UP THE MANNERISMS AND THE CLOTHES DET. TOSCHI WORE. JAKE G. IS ALSO BELIEVEABLE. THE ACTORS BRING HEART AND SOUL TO THE ROLES. ROBERT DOWNEY JR. BLEW ME AWAY. THE CLOTHES IN THE FILM BRING ME BACK TO THE ERA. ROBERT IS SUCH A GOOD ACTOR. I THINK THIS FILM WILL BE A CLASSIC, LIKE JFK WITH KEVIN COSTNER. I RENTED IT, AND I HAD TO BUY THE DVD, THEN I GOT THE BOOK. I BOUGHT THEM ALL ON AMAZON. I HOPE THE FILM GETS NOMINATED FOR OSCARS, IT'S THAT GOOD. THERE ARE A FEW SCENES THAT ARE HARD TO WATCH, WHEN THE ZODIAC ATTACKS HIS VICTIMS AND KILLS SOME OF THEM. THIS FILM IS WORTH RENTING AND BUYING IT. IT'S KINDA LONG, ALMOST 3 HRS, BUT IT NEVER GETS BORING. YOU FOLLOW THE STORY FROM ONE OF THE MURDERS, TO THE ENTRANCE OF THE MAIN CHARACTERS: JAKE G. RUFFALO, AND DOWNEY. ON THE DVD,COMING IN 2008, THERE WILL BE A EXTENDED VERSION OF THE FILM. DIRECTOR'S COMMENTARY, BEHIND THE SCENES. I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO THAT VERSION. I HOPE THIS REVIEW HELPS. THANK YOU
B000EULJLU|4.0|I appreciate that 10,000 days mixes straight ahead 4/4 timed songs with the usual challenging time changes that Tool has progressed to with Lateralus.I reserved my final judgement of this album until I finaly got to see them this year in Bologna Italy co-headlining with NIN, and I was blown away. I didn't fully appreciate the song Rosetta Stoned on the album but after experiencing it live from up close, it all came together for me. On the other hand I feel Jambi (which opened the show) comes off tighter on the album than live. All around, 10,000 days is a great listen with some of the most straight ahead messages such as Vicarious which I feel is one of the most exhilerating songs they ever wrote. The centerpiece of the record is Wings For Marie Pt.1 and 10,000 days (Wings, pt. 2), the title track, which is one of the best pieces of dynamic music I have heard in years. Hope to experience that number live in the future. I am extremely satisfied with this release, as it has stood up to many repeated listenings for me.
B000VZUWZW|3.0|Had some very funny parts, also had some slow parts.  Not sure if this will last, but is worth watching a couple of episodes if nothing esle is on.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|So many things good here:    One of the TRULY great films and hardly anyone even knows about it. My highest recommendation for this edition or the original. For this edition:    1) A package so much better than the original release.    2) Bonus material above and beyond the original release.    Still worth getting if you have the original release - I have MULTIPLE copies of BOTH.
B00005V9IL|5.0|My son in Iraq had been watching this movie with a few of his room mates when they had an attack and was unable to finish it.  So we bought this one so they could see the movie when ever they wanted to.  We have always enjoyed this movie and understand the folks in Iraq did also.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|...it was in the Grindhouse format.  Maybe Tarantino would not agree with that, I don't know.  But I had no interest in Planet Terror.  At least a lot less interest than in Death Proof, which had to be EDITED DOWN from Tarantino's story to make room as a double feature.        I'm looking forward to this release as possibly a better experience of seeing Death Proof.  I only wish there was a Tarantino commentary.        Planet Terror was no great shakes, in my opinion.  It was OK.  The idea of seeing a girl with a machine gun leg fly through the air killing soilders is kinda cool.  But then seeing her land in the \\"screw me\\" position with that look on her face without being hurt at all...it's like a blow up doll of a movie.  No weight to the action.  Ha, ha.        In short, I didn't really value my Grindhouse experience enough to feel violated by separating the films.  Hope it helps them each make more money.  Hope more people see them.  Death Proof at least deserves a chance at a wider audience.  We'll see.
B000R7HY0K|3.0|I'm having a hard time giving this movie the proper rating it deserves. I just watched an early DVD release of this film and I have to say I was far from impressed. In fact, I'd have to say this movie \\"sucked\\" big time! But, I can only say that if I judge Tarantino's flick as something other than your typical 70s grindhouse.<br /><br />===========================================================================<br /><br />However, I need to clear something up right now before I continue: All of you are under some kind of Tarantino mass hypnosis. Well . . . at least when you were at the theaters watching this film.<br /><br />You people praise this man as if he's done something original. If this homage to grindhouse is so great, why aren't you extolling the grindhouse films of the past? I'm sure you didn't go out of your way and purchase those films. And even if you did, they probably would've gotten some really bad reviews. Right?<br /><br />So let's be honest here, you like this boring, talk-for-45 minutes chick flick with a peppering of carnage because Tarantino's name is behind it. That's it. You're going to stand there and say this is the bomb and all that other crap. Give me a break. You got sucked into it from the hype machine like everyone else. You're convincing yourselves that this movie rocks!<br /><br />Okay, if that's the case, then Amazon is selling tons of grindhouse films on DVD. I'm sure you and your funds can part company while you go and buy all of those grindhouse DVDs. Right? Oh . . . what's the matter, Tarantino's name isn't on it. Hmmm . . . too bad I guess.<br /><br />===========================================================================<br /><br />Now, let's get started on the review: This is a movie which relies on excessive cursing to carry most of the dialog, and it got to a point that it was no longer cool but just annoying. That was not genius; That was plain dumb. C'mon, forty-something minutes of **** is too much for anybody except the low-attention span youth of today.<br /><br />So, in the end, view this movie in the context that it was meant to be presented in. That's my best advice. If it weren't for that, I'd give this a one star with no problems.nd, view this movie in the context that it was meant to be presented in. That's my best advice. If it weren't for that, I'd give this a one star with no problems.
B000KCHZK6|5.0|I've been listening to Norah Jones' \\"Not Too Late\\" in my car since it arrived in my mailbox. Her voice, her delivery, the blending of voices, the selections she wrote or co-wrote...well, they are beautiful. Thank you, Norah Jones.
B000002UAX|5.0|If you like rock music, get this album.  You should have had it already.  It's just that simple.      On a par with breathing in terms of necessity.  'Nuff said.
B0007LCNKM|5.0|I LOVE this CD. Buy it. Live it. Maybe it's me and my crazy life but I swear to God these guys are living proof beauty exists!
0061122416|5.0|This book was absolutely amazing.  The story takes you for a journey of the heart and spirit.  Its very introspective and really gets you to take a look at your own life and if you are on your path of the heart.  I loved this book and will be rereading it whenever I feel off path.  I recommend it as a gift to everyone and I personally will be buying it for everyone I know.
B000I5YCCO|5.0|Besides Taylor having a great voice and very attractive looks, her music and all are very real; natural and coming from the heart.  I love this CD of hers and if you're even here reading anything, I'm predicting that you will love this CD too.<br /><br />So, buy your copy today, swiftly!
B00005JLCI|5.0|Firstly thanks to Warner Home video for finally getting this onto DVD, only took 10 years.  Ken Branagh has outdone himself in this production. Simply an Excellent adaption of Hamlet. Probably THE BEST EVER. Superb cast, Great sets and the musical score just puts in all together.  If you liked Branagh's Henry V or Othello You have to see this
1594489505|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read and I have read many. I never thought I would enjoy a book about Afghanistan but the best part of the book is that you don't think of it as in another country, all you feel is the heartache and pain of these characters. It really makes you feel like no matter where we live in this world we are all human beings. I finished this book today and I cried at the end. I felt like I knew these woman. I never thought a book could break my heart but I felt like it did. I will think about these characters for days and I feel like it has given me more empathy for what the women in Middle East still go through today. PLEASE read this book!
B0000DJZA5|4.0|Yeah... well it's The Beatles but it's The Beatles disintegrating. I mean all the talent is still there but the camaraderie is gone. These guys have as much interest in playing music together as David Alan Coe and Snoop Dog would. I doubt that by this time in their musical/personal relationship there was anything they wanted to do together... other than leave. No matter how you mix the tunes they'll never sound like four people having fun together because they weren't.     The bad mindset comes through in the music because they aren't enjoying themselves. Probably the junk had something to do with it too. Heroin isn't known as something that makes you wanna get up and be creative and if it does you can't.    The music suits the grey dreary day of the rooftop concert. It was a bummer if put into 'BEATLES' context. I mean they didn't look happy, sound happy, come across as happy and so it shouldn't be a big surprise that the music is a little bummed. These are four guys who've been best friends their whole lives being forced to stay together because of contractual obligations.     Anyway, Glyn Johns production \\"Get Back\\" is probably the definitive version of these sessions if you can manage to lay your hands on it.
B000NVIXFK|5.0|This is easily the best Rush album since Counterparts, hands down. Within Snakes and Arrows there lies an array of quality songs, this is a very lush sounding album, Rush have been given their best production treatment since Power Windows. I would like to make it clear however that this is an album that needs multiple listens to really take root within the listeners imagination. I would even go as far as to say that this is has become one of my very favourite Rush albums. It is an absolute pleasure to hear acoustic guitars used to layer and add texture to this rich and colourful record. I do miss the synthesizers however and really wish that they would bring them back, (although there is some excellent use of the mellotron on several tracks) at least to a certain extent, as they can lend an extra level of excitement and power to the Rush sound. I have always felt that with Presto, Roll The Bones and Counterparts, the balance between band and keyboards was almost perfect; The Pass, Bravado and Animate are good examples of this 'blending' of electronic and acoustic instruments.<br /><br />The songs are all first rate. From the quiet, slow building power of The Larger Bowl, to the intricate musicianships of Armour and Sword, Rush demonstrate that they are still masters of progressive rock. The Main Monkey Business is one of the best pieces of music that Rush has ever produced, a beautiful, exciting and evocative instrumental that is on a new musical plateau, even for Rush. The Way The Wind Blows is another highlight and is, again, one of the finest pieces of music the band has ever created. The lyric, \\"Like a solitary pine, on a bare, wind blasted shore...\\" is pure poetry and is one of Neil Peart's very best. Also, from Armour and Sword, \\"No one gets to their heaven without a fight...\\" is another terrific lyric. Neil deals with the themes of religious indoctrination and adults pouring their beliefs and fears into a childs mind, in a subtle and quietly intelligent manner. How many rock bands today are brave enough or skilled enough to write about this kind of subject matter without sounding preachy or patronising? Indeed, the underlying shadows of religion and terrorism are a common theme on many of the albums tracks, all dealt with on several levels and I applaud Neil Peart for his quiet, rational and fundamentally sane views on the reality of the world after September the 11th.<br /><br />If you are a Rush fan you will already have bought this, for those of you still pondering, it really is a great album, with the best production the band have been given in years, powerful and muscular, mysterious and layered; the way Rush should sound. The songs are intricate and well woven with lyrics that are deeply relevant in these troubled times. Armour and Sword and The Larger Bowl are full of subtle complexities and are as good as anything on 'classic' Rush albums. I feel we should also be thankful that these guys are still playing, writing and recording quality music together, after all these years. Perhaps even more importantly, Rush are still creating something with substance, something worthwhile. This is Rush, unique, melodic and exciting.r. How many rock bands today are brave enough or skilled enough to write about this kind of subject matter without sounding preachy or patronising? Indeed, the underlying shadows of religion and terrorism are a common theme on many of the albums tracks, all dealt with on several levels and I applaud Neil Peart for his quiet, rational and fundamentally sane views on the reality of the world after September the 11th.<br /><br />If you are a Rush fan you will already have bought this, for those of you still pondering, it really is a great album, with the best production the band have been given in years, powerful and muscular, mysterious and layered; the way Rush should sound. The songs are intricate and well woven with lyrics that are deeply relevant in these troubled times. Armour and Sword and The Larger Bowl are full of subtle complexities and are as good as anything on 'classic' Rush albums. I feel we should also be thankful that these guys are still playing, writing and recording quality music together, after all these years. Perhaps even more importantly, Rush are still creating something with substance, something worthwhile. This is Rush, unique, melodic and exciting.
006056251X|5.0|I like the humor, the romance, and the way the female took control of her life in the beganing. I like how he protected her and took care of her.    I wish the there was more of a challege for him for her,with another man in the picture (good or bad person).
0316067598|5.0|Thank God for Marcus and the men like him who defend us without any hesitation whatsoever! This is the Real Deal!
B000U7169M|3.0|Considering the big critics' reviews of this film (which I almost let dissaude me from seeing it in the theatre), I thought it a very pleasant surprise.    Clearly hiring Swank blew the budget, but fortunately, she was fabulous as always (not just looking, but also acting) and carried the film through the drier parts (of which there were few).     On the other hand, the CGI left much to be desired and as to be expected, there's more than a heaping helpin' of it in this biblical plague flick. I guess it wouldn't be practical to dye an entire swamp red but the blatant phoniness of the water-into-blood scenes greatly diminished the awe effect. And the supernatural hellstorm at the end could've been footage ripped wholesale from My Science Project - cutting edge 20 years ago, but Flintstonic by today's standards. Yet, I didn't much care.     The screenplay was well-written and coherent (something that cannot be said of many recent entries in this genre) and even the now obligatory \\"twist\\" ending strengthened rather than detracted from the story.     As defined by my \\"time-check\\" count, this film pulled a strong zero. And whenever I can make it through 100 minutes of cinema without so much as glance at the watch, something's gotta be right. Not a fantastic film by most measures, the Reaping is nevertheless an entertaining way to spend a couple of hours.
0446677450|2.0|I bought this book after previewing it online and thought it would offer something useful to serve as financial wisdom. Sure, there are certain parts in the book where important information is discussed, but this is very rare. Kiyosaki keeps repeating the same lessons over and over again. He basically tells us only 3 things: 1) Open up your mind to opportunities (Let go of fear, take risks, think creatively, be willing to learn). 2) Acquire assets, not liabilities. 3) Increase your income while reducing your expenses.<br /><br />#1 and #3 are both derived from common sense. Who needs someone else to tell us these simple facts of living? The only useful advice I got from reading this book is #2, learning the difference between an asset and a liability. He also uses a lot of cliches, such as 'The rich do not work for money; the rich make money work for them.' Please.<br /><br />This book is more of a self-help nature than straightforward financial advice. Don't allow yourself to be fooled by the title of this book, like I did. I wasted $7!
1401207529|4.0|the only real problem i had with this book is that it didn't fully explain why bruce wayne became batman, but it rather showed how. i think the movie batman begins does a better job of showing the beginning of batman. it was till a very good book with great artwork.
B00005JNBQ|2.0|There was alot of hype surrounding this boring movie.  All it was were some dorky kids that got singled out in school.  It wasn't funny, and we took the movie out less than half way through.
0446677450|1.0|This may be the worst-written book I've ever read. It's truly terrible. The title and premise are good, but the book itself is very poorly organized, with very little useful information. The idea is: Be an entrepreneur, work for yourself, don't rely on the security of life as a cog in the corporate or government bureaucracy. Well, fine. Save yourself many hours of reading.
B000I0RNV6|5.0|An outstanding and creative movie. Production, acting, dialogue and music are all first rate. A marvelous creation and one that every movie and music lover should see more than once.
B000OLGCHA|5.0|This is a proper film soundtrack. And yes you do have to listen to it several times to appreciate it in its own right. But that is not the point. This soundtrack does the job it was commissioned to do and does it beautifully.    I get very fed-up with all the John Williams air-heads parroting on about his brilliance. John Williams often puts his ego and his bombastic themes ahead of the needs of the film (having said that a lot of his Azkaban score was great!).    Nicholas Hooper creates a wonderful soundscape that serves the FILM.    Thank goodness he is not just interested in creating yet another oscar winning theme so he can stick yet another award on his mantlepiece.
0743496728|4.0|\\"Whether or not you believe in fate comes down to one thing, who you blame when something goes wrong\\"(90). It Was fate that brought Peter and Josie together from the very beginning. Jodi Picoult ingeniously set set off a huge time bomb and made two life stories that intertwined in Nineteen Minutes. Picoult was focused on the fact that anyone can become a school shooter if they are pushed enough, bullied enough.  The next point, is that Picoult brilliantly saved a twist for the ending chapters, when I was least expecting a change in the books events. Not only did the twist keep me on my toes throughout the pages, but the romance that was forming with Alex and Patrick made me instantly alert (I'm a sucker for romance). On the other hand, I got lost reading about the trial because some of the terminology was over my head. In Picoult's other novel Plain Truth, she added some judicial terminology but it was mild compared to the banter she used to describe the courtroom in Nineteen Minutes.  In conclusion, Jodi Picoult created an amazing and entertaining book about a school shooting. She delivered the perfect novel for students, teachers, and parents. All my life I have been taught bullying is bad, but her perspective made me realize how truly serious the issue is. I'm not likely to forget this novel's content. She made me sympathize but only to an extent so that I could still feel that the lead character,Peter, deserved what he was sentenced to. In this novel, Picoult made her case against bullying uniquely for students, no matter whom they are or where they come from. This novel should be translated around the world.
160024131X|5.0|Suggested by a new team member on a conference call...  He was so pumped about it that we ordered the audio cd for our recent drving vacation...    EXCELLENT !!!!    Well paced, well written, well spoken !    Had us travelling through the emotions of anger, tears, admiration, and appreciation most of the way !  Didn't want to stop for lunch, fuel, potty breaks for fear of missing something :-}    Should be required \\"reading\\" for all....    After all, it IS a good ole' boy from East Texus :-}
B0009MAO46|3.0|My eight year old loves this movie.  My two, nearly three year old loves this movie up until the introduction of the bad child next doors house.  From then on this film is not suitable for smaller children as it becaomes dark and scary (to them its scary).  But the ending is great.  So don't watch the scary bits and this is fabulous.  But overall its a great movie for the family.
B00005KHEU|5.0|This would have to be my favorite ELO album. Every song is appealing and truly magical.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Well I guess its my turn to weigh in of the fiddy,Kanye West showdown. I say first practically what every one is saying Ye won. But, to me this album is not as good as Late Registration. He seemed more hell bent on making a great album. This one I'm not saying that he didn't try, but it just lacks something. Personally I don't think Kanye is a bad rapper his voice is just weak. So when he is trying to sound forcefull like in you can't tell me nothing. It just doesn't move you. What can he do about that. Not much. This album is 4 1/2 stars but I gave it 5 to boost the rating. I don't know why you can't give half stars. This is a good album but I could see people being let down by it.
B000P0J024|5.0|It's a great product.  The problem I had was in the packaging.  There were 2 CD's and a DVD.  They were so hard to get out of the case that one CD (Vol.2) broke when attempting to get out of the case.  This is the only problem I have ever had ordering from Amazon.  Sharilyn Carroll
B000RG1FMO|5.0|This is the first album I've bought of Kanye's.  I've been a fan for a while but on this one I decided to try his music out first hand.  I must say that it is simply the best.  Great beats and excellent rhyming skills.  His timing is definitely on point.  I can't say he has the best rap voice but he is a true talent.  His words are so relate-able as well.  I love this album.  My fav's are Stronger, Good Life, and Champion but the entire album is a keeper.  Go Kanye!!  Keep up the good work.
B000A7DVRC|5.0|Another great Coen Brothers movie. A real classic. The Dude will become a cult hero. Great lines i.e. \\"I don't bowl on shabboth\\" \\"Obviously your not a golfer\\"
1400063515|5.0|This book is a well-written work that logically supports my longest and most strongly held conviction:  that anything is possible.    \\"The Black Swan\\" is a book worth buying, reading, and recommending to others.
B000R7GKQE|4.0|Special Features: \\"The Devil's Roadmap\\", \\"Webisodes\\", three commentary tracks, gag reel, deleted/unaired scenes<br /><br /> There was no witchcraft involved in the success of \\"Supernatural\\". The show benefited from top notch writing, direction and performances with just the right dash of quirky humor to offset the horror elements of the show. The second season of the show picks up right where the first ended. Dean (Jensen Ackles) and Sam (Jared Padalecki) have located their dad  (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and have the fabled gun fashioned to kill demons in their possession. The trio confront the Demon that killed Dean and Sam's mom only to find it leaping from person to person finally possessing their father almost forcing the boys to kill him. Driving the Demon out of their father the trio escape with the gun believing that they can still track down the creature, find out why it has harvested children with special psychic abilities and how it plans on using them in its \\"war\\" against humanity. Then a truck hits Dean's 1967 Impala. Sam is injured but alive and Dean is on the cusp of death with internal injuries. John makes a deal with the Devil or, in this case, the Demon they were pursuing--take his life for Dean's. Before he dies John whispers something to Dean which will resonate throughout the rest of the second season.<br /><br /> We get three commentary tracks on \\"In My Time of Dying\\" (director Kim Manners and actors Ackles & Padalecki), \\"What Is And Should Never Be\\" (writer Eric Kripe) and the first part of the season two finale \\"All Hell Breaks Loose\\" (Kripke, Manners and writer Sera Gamble) along with deleted/unaired scenes on three episodes.<br /><br />\\"The Devil's Road Map\\" is exactly that; a map of the United States showing where each episode takes place in the country You can click on each spot and see material from John's book with writers like Whitley Striber discussing the various monsters. We also see behind-the-scenes footage of the writers/producers discussing the creation of various episodes such as \\"All Hell Breaks Loose\\". These are essentially featurettes on each episode and they are kind of cool.  We also get Jared Padalecki's original screen test on videotape. The quality of the screen test is typical for home video cameras as it was really never intended to be shown. It's kind of cool to be able to contrast his first take on the character vs. the final performance from the pilot episode and subsequent character development over the course of two seasons.<br /><br />We also get three \\"webisode\\" featurettes including \\"The Inside Scoop with Ivan Hayden/VFX Supervisor\\" discussing the visual effects of the show, the overall look of these effects and how he approaches integrating the visuals into the show. \\"Inside the Writer's Room\\" which also aired on the \\"Supernatural\\" website during season two features writer/creator/producer Kripke, writer/producer John Shiban and producer/writer/director Robert Singer where the trio point out that the show uses Urban folklore as the basis for most of their episodes. Sadly we can't see the board with story ideas behind them. We also get glimpses of some of the storyboards including plenty of clips from the second season. \\"The Inside Scoop with Chris Cooper\\" is the final webisode included and features the prop master for \\"Supernatural\\" who discusses \\"all the toys\\" that the cast use on the show. Cooper discusses some of the fun stuff he gets to create including the guns and devices that Dean & Sam use. The amusing gag reel rounds things out including a very funny scene where Padalecki has a practical joke played on him during shooting.<br /><br />\\"Supernatural\\" looks extremely good overall with nice color reproduction and detail. There are some digital artifacts and the images do blur a bit when there is rapid action on screen (which could be due to the fact that the show is shot and mastered in HD although it largely captures the \\"look\\" of film) but on the whole the show looksquite good.<br /><br /> An exceptional second season with only a few dud episodes, I'd highly recommend the \\"Supernatural\\". The show has hip humor that manages to capture much of the fun elements that made \\"The X-Files\\" so memorable (and hard to reproduce as the failed but interesting \\"Kolchak: The Night Stalker\\" from 2005 demonstrated). As with the previous the discs are housed in a fold out case with a brief synopsis and credits for each episode.econd season with only a few dud episodes, I'd highly recommend the \\"Supernatural\\". The show has hip humor that manages to capture much of the fun elements that made \\"The X-Files\\" so memorable (and hard to reproduce as the failed but interesting \\"Kolchak: The Night Stalker\\" from 2005 demonstrated). As with the previous the discs are housed in a fold out case with a brief synopsis and credits for each episode.
B000SNUMC0|5.0|This album is the new standard by which all Metal Albums must be judged.  Musically there are never before heard rhythms and the lyrics are among the best ever in any type of music.  The human race is every bit as petty and cruel as the Setians know it to be.  'at war with every breath' pretty much describes the history of the human race.    Jon Schaffer tells a story, but he also turns the mirror on us all.
0316010669|4.0|What is behind the split decisions that we make all the time? What mental processes go behind our first impressions and our snap judgments?<br />Malcolm Gladwell, the best selling author of The Tipping Point, explores these questions in his challenging book Blink. Gladwell draws from a fascinating array of stories of people who rely on their first impressions--art critics able to identify a supposedly ancient Greek statue as a fraud in mere seconds, a psychologist who is able to predict whether or not a married couple will stay married after a single session, and a tennis coach who developed the ability to predict when one of his players was about to double-fault.<br /><br />What do all of these people have in common? According to Gladwell, these people all have the ability to \\"thin-slice.\\" Thin-slicing is the ability to draw conclusions by looking at a small piece of data--the moment takes to form a first impression. Thin-slicing is a survival skill, our nervous system is constantly taking in overwhelming volumes of information and \\"thin-slicing\\" is how we quickly make sense of that data.<br />Gladwell respects the dangers of our ability to process information quickly. In Chapter Three: \\"The Warren Harding Error\\", we find that our thin-slicing has a dark side. Gladwell points out that inherit in thin-slicing is a susceptibility to fall victim to the power of stereotyping. We meet Warren Harding, who is widely recognized as one of the worst presidents in our history. Why did voters place him in office, in spite of his lack of qualifications? Thin-slicing. Harding was tall, handsome and looked the part of a leader. This chapter points out how thin-slicing is related to racial stereotyping.<br /><br />What are we to do with this new-found knowledge that we \\"thin-slice?\\" Gladwell suggest that while we can't stop thin-slicing, we can train ourselves to pay attention pertinent factors-- factors that will help us make accurate and valuable decisions in a blink.<br />Gladwell has given us a brilliant read that entertains and informs. Gladwell effortless delivered a lesson in neuroscience to his readers. However there's nothing \\"textbook\\" like about Blink. Blink is a compelling, fast-paced read that is sure to get you thinking about how you think.<br /><br />THINK:<br />* In Chapter Three, Gladwell writes about the Implicit Association Test developed at Harvard University. The test is designed to measure the connections that we immediately made between ideas. Visit [...] and take the Race IAT. How does thin-slicing influence your view of other races? How surprised were you by the results?<br /><br />* Read Hebrews 5:14. How can we use scripture to refine and inform our \\"thin-slicing\\" abilities?<br />* How comfortable are you in trusting your abilities to make an intuitive decision?<br />* How is thin-slicing different than the spiritual gift of discernment?<br />* Read 1 Samuel 16:1-13. How does this account differ from the Warren Harding mistake? What role do you think thin-slicing had on Samuel's choices for king? How can God's wisdom correct misguided thin-slicing?<br /><br />LIVE:<br />Read Philippians 4:8. How can focusing on things with these attributes influence how we thin-slice? This week, keep a log of what TV, movies, or books you take in. How do these media choices influence the criteria that you use to \\"thin-slice?\\"liant read that entertains and informs. Gladwell effortless delivered a lesson in neuroscience to his readers. However there's nothing \\"textbook\\" like about Blink. Blink is a compelling, fast-paced read that is sure to get you thinking about how you think.    THINK:  * In Chapter Three, Gladwell writes about the Implicit Association Test developed at Harvard University. The test is designed to measure the connections that we immediately made between ideas. Visit [...] and take the Race IAT. How does thin-slicing influence your view of other races? How surprised were you by the results?     * Read Hebrews 5:14. How can we use scripture to refine and inform our \\"thin-slicing\\" abilities?  * How comfortable are you in trusting your abilities to make an intuitive decision?   * How is thin-slicing different than the spiritual gift of discernment?  * Read 1 Samuel 16:1-13. How does this account differ from the Warren Harding mistake? What role do you think thin-slicing had on Samuel's choices for king? How can God's wisdom correct misguided thin-slicing?    LIVE:  Read Philippians 4:8. How can focusing on things with these attributes influence how we thin-slice? This week, keep a log of what TV, movies, or books you take in. How do these media choices influence the criteria that you use to \\"thin-slice?\\"
B000007WNN|5.0|I absolutely love this album by The Cult, Electric. The Cult is one of my favourite fands.
0786860707|5.0|For those people who wants to work with graphics, It's very important to have contact with newest technologies and media. But to have real growth, the basis is here. Beautiful book! Compared to price, is the best benefit in whole amazon site!
B000007VCM|5.0|I really enjoyed this music CD, Love by The Cult, one of my favourite bands.    Problem, this CD + another music CD, Electric by The Cult, were so poorly and tightly packed into a flimsy cardboard; that, the jewel case for Love by The Cult was smashed all beyond repair. I do not have a replacement jewel case and none are sold here in my neck of the woods.
B00005ASOI|5.0|If you are a fan of gothic horror movies,<br />then you must add Dario Argento's film \\"Suspiria\\"<br />to your collection or risk losing your credibility.<br /><br />Absolutely one of best horror movies ever made.<br /><br />If you do not know the work<br />of the master Italian film director,<br />imagine Alfred Hitchcock on steroids and,<br />in the case of this film, completely insane.<br /><br />The musical score alone will cause an anxiety attack<br />and freeze the blood in your veins.<br /><br />I had to pause the film and take a breather<br />after the first 10 min. (approx.) of the film<br />and that was just the introductory sequence<br />of events.<br /><br />Forget about the popcorn.<br /><br />There is no point writing about this film because<br />you will get it, you will watch it (many times)<br />and you will like it.<br /><br />nota bene: the sequel, \\"Inferno\\", is also excellent.
0142000655|5.0|I had read this book and thorougly enjoyed it so I sent it to my grandson who is 21 who basically is not really a \\"reader\\". His reaction to the story was worth everything to me. He now wants me to send him more classics which in itself is a miracle. So more Steinbeck and now Faulkner, Williams and whatever I can think of.
1596912375|4.0|Ruth is a single mother who teaches English as a second language in Oxford, England.  One day her mother hands her the first installment in her autobiography, and Ruth discovers that everything she thought she knew about her mother's background is a lie, and that her mother was actually a secret agent by the name of Eva, who worked for the British immediately prior to and during WW2.<br /><br />From here, the book alternates between Ruth's life in the present day and her mother's story during the war.  Like Ruth, I found myself caught up in the spy saga and hungry to see how it developed.  William Boyd has done a great job of creating a plausible and intriguing storyline for Eva - more John le Carre than James Bond.  While he captures the isolation of Eva's world and the mundane elements of her job, the story also builds with genuine tension and pace.  Ruth's life, on the other hand, is more prosaic, but as she gets caught up in her mother's story, she loses her jaded view of the world and starts to see potential intrigue in the people and events around her.<br /><br />This is an easy book to read and I enjoyed it very much.  The details about Eva's training and life as a spy felt real and fascinating to me.  The twists and turns in her story kept me hooked without feeling contrived or false.  As I read the book I could feel it building towards some kind of climax but I had absolutely no idea where it would go.  The mother's and daughter's stories eventually intersect in a way that I found very satisfying.  I thought it was a great read from start to finish.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Love that movies and never get tired of watching.  Grandkids love to wsit down and watch with me.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|I admire Kelly Clarkson for several reasons.  This disc is not a radio driven pop catlouge as her 2 previous discs.  My December is a highly personal, at times gut wrenching, journey for her and a true connection to Clarkson for her fans.      My December is by far her most personal and accomplished work to date.  I would reccomend this album highly.  The album showcases Clarkson acousticly, in a more raw rock edge and even in a modern rock nearly gothic showcasing.    \\"Sober\\" puts Clarkson at her very best, absolutely incredibly lyrics and performance.  \\"Can I have a Kiss\\" showcases her voice in a very edgy way, Clarkson producing a new sound of pure raw emotion.  \\"Hole\\" is reminiscent of Janis Joplin and \\"Haunted\\" explores darker territories of suicide with a modern rock sound.      This is truly an album that I found incredibly moving and a treat to music lovers.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|When I first started watching this show I didn't know what to expect and after fully watching it, it trully blow me away.  It's 40 minute show with 12 episodes (first season). The story is based on a novel Darkly Dreaming Dexter by Jeff Lindsay (which I found out later). The story revolves around character which name the show carries. On the surface, Dexter is normal guy working as a forensics analyst specialized in bloodstain pattern analysis for the Miami-Dade Police Department, but soon we find that this is his mask under witch is hidden something quite different. He is in fact a serial killer, but not just any kind. Since his childhood he has felt thirst for blood for, to him, unknown reasons. His father taught him how to use that lust for constructive way by killing only heinous criminals (such as child molesters, mob assassins, and serial killers of the innocent) who have slipped through the justice system. That would be a brief description of the show and I wouldn't go any further ( I don't want to spoil the story), but I can say this... Show has great cast, strong characters and amazing story loaded with great twists. If you are looking for a fresh show with that characteristics, look no further and do yourself a favour and pick up this show!  I'm looking forward to the second season and in the meanwhile I'm watching ths great DVD set!
B000FS9FCG|5.0|As I started to write this review, I saw that there are already over 400 reviews of this film on this site.  So why do I need to add mine?  Because, I love this movie that's why!!!  Great plot that is easy to follow.  Great photography.  This film looks great.  Great supporting cast from the lead detective, the news anchors, the chancelor and all the rest.  Wonderful.  Then there's Natalie Portman.  She could easily have become an over the top super heroine, but instead maintained her status as one of the common folk dealing with circumstances.  She was terrific. Finally, when it comes to acting, Hugo Weaving who wears a mask through the whole film delivers a complex character, making him human, caring and frightening at the same time.  He does it without the benefit of facial expressions, although through his body language you can imagine his expressions.  Now there is an excellent piece of work.  All of these fine performances are done in what is almost a comic book movie.  V is a hero for the masses, almost a Batman against the establishment.  I've seen this movie several times and have enjoyed it every time.  This one goes beyond the action film.  This one gives characters with depth.  It does have a lot of violence in it and some of the fight scenes are of the Aeon Flux or Ultraviolet or Matrix variety, but still above average.  This one is easy to recommend to others.
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya is one of my very favorite artists I love her vocal range and diversity of song and style.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Hail is definitely more energetic than Amnesiac, and has several great songs that you'll find on any Radiohead album.  However, the album has its ups and downs, and the shifts between the two are quick and a bit rough (as opposed to OK Computer and Kid A, which had a definitive, smooth flow at work throughout).<br /><br />Highlights for me are the beats and guitar focus of straight up alternative rock songs Go To Sleep, There There and Where I End and You Begin (all of which contain heavenly guitar riffs / solos).  A Punchup is a fantastic piano-driven jazzy sort of song that slides into guitar and spacey madness (in a good way).<br /><br />2 + 2, Sit Down and Stand Up, and We Suck Young Blood, contain sharp transitions, moving from sullen to over-caffeinated and back with a quickness... good not great songs but definitely a little different.  As usual, there are a couple melancholy, vocal-driven harmony songs, I Will and Sail to the Moon most notably; again, not bad songs but not ones I particularly favor.  A couple songs, Myaxomotosis in particular, I feel are subpar.<br /><br />If you like Radiohead, you will like this album.  And if you're a fan of the guitar-driven songs as I am, you'll get your money's worth.  And if you like an eclectic album that doesn't really flow... then there you go.
073933235X|4.0|Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly by Anthony Bourdain is funny, irreverent, acerbic & just mildly obscene. It's classic Bourdain. Tony's first non-fiction work, orignally published in 2000, explodes to life as read by the author himself. This really launched his media career, and is far more engrossing that the rather tame Fox TV series based on this memoir.    If you have a fascination with fine food, contemporary restaurants, smart-a** sarcasm, or really conscise descriptions of acid, heroin or cocaine abuse-- you really need to read or listen to this terrific book.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Who doesn't know about this album?  All the awards and notoriety are (for once) well-deserved.  OK Computer literally shifted music in a different direction; it truly change my perception of music.  This album is undoubtedly one of the greatest EVER in my opinion... that's right - EVER!<br /><br />The album has an epic feel to it and a flow to it that indicates its thoroughness, of which I can only relate to Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon and The Wall, and Lateralus from Tool. The subject matter has a depth of substance few others can claim.  This album to me was a short of change from early Radiohead that was more acoustic and folky into a bit more spacey, semi-electronic, sort of sound; the album actually balances the two well, with epic tunes like Paranoid Android, Karma Police, Climbing Up the Walls, and Lucky.<br /><br />Bottom line: everyone should own this album, especially musicians and any semi-serious music fan.
078617286X|5.0|This was right up there with A Child's History of the World by Hillyer, but better--which I never thought I'd say. The very author revised and translated his own 1930's text before his death in 2002. It is for children but any adult with enjoy it immensely. We listened to a great it during a summer trip, children from 6 to 20 were enthralled. We love the way the author dealt with the Reformation, and the fact that is a whole chapter on the Counter-Reformation, which is largely ignored by the American public when studying European history. Highly recommended. This is a great addition to our homeschool audio library.
B00005QXXO|4.0|In short, the recordings are excellent I think.  For the most part, songs don't vary TOO much from the album versions, but the avid Radiohead fan will notice, and appreciate, the differences.  The acoustic version of True Love Waits, which I don't believe I've seen on any other album, is another great Radiohead song and lyrically one of the most complex and interesting I've ever heard.<br /><br />Cheers to Radiohead, and boos to the haters who leave bad reviews for this album.
B000VPUIA6|3.0|\\"Several\\" other Beatle films? Since HELP is finally being released, there are two more films that need the treatment. Magical Mystery Tour and Let It Be. Review is temp since I dont own this yet. I'll most likely go with the normal priced set, unless I get the deluxe edition for Christmas.
B000002TQV|4.0|Wow at the major hits on this album:  High & Dry, Fake Plastic Tree, Bulletproof, Black Star, and Street Spirit... I mean, WOW.  This is like the album from which I learned to play guitar, and hopefully learned how to write intricate, meaningful lyrics.  There's not much rocking out, but the songs are extremely deep and well-crafted.<br /><br />Several songs are easy-flowing, classic BritPop, like Planet Telex, Nice Dream, and Sulk.  The Bends, Just and Iron Lung, are awesome alternative rock songs that indicate what was to come in future albums.<br /><br />All in all, an excellent combination of songs and styles and one of my favorite Radiohead albums.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Kanye really stepped his game up with this cd. The graduation cd is worth the money. When i bought this album i thought Kanye might have lost his magic touch but this cd is just as good as his first two if not better. Kanye has a bright future and proves it with this cd. It is deffinantly clear that Kanye will win the cd sales over 50 cents new cd. GOOD WORK KANYE!!!
B000002UR7|4.0|It shouldn't be a surprise that the first studio album is simpler, more acoustic-driven, and lyrically less abstract and more folky.<br /><br />This album has more mass appeal than most other Radiohead albums.<br /><br />Highlights for me are Stop Whispering, Thinking about You, Anyone Can Play Guitar, Creep, and Blow Out.
B00000K2W1|5.0|While reading a new book on Rolling Stones Brian Jones I started to play this CD again. I hadn't heard it for awhile. It really struck me that, even though I love Brian and all his music, the Stones just don't have the pure passion and soul that \\"the Pearl\\" does (or did).    She was definitely one of a kind and I miss her--raspy voice and all!
B00004XONN|5.0|I was skeptic about Kid A as initially it seemed very electronic and just different, but I came to truly appreciate it.  National Anthem is one of my favorite Radiohead songs ever (and I own every album), and Everything in its Right Place, How to Disappear Completely, Optimistic, and Idioteque are other highlights.<br /><br />This is really a unique Radiohead album in that it is more electronic sounding than others, especially earlier albums.  It's really what you expect if you followed prior albums, particularly after OK Computer (one of the best albums of all time).<br /><br />A lot of people I know hate on this album for the digital / electronic sounds, but I personally enjoy that aspect despite the fact I'm not big into electronic music.  Admittedly, I do enjoy the slightly strange, eclectic sounds like that of Queens of the Stone Age, The Mars Volta, Pink Floyd... etc.  DON'T be fooled though, hits like How To..., Optimistic, and Motion Picture Soundtrack aren't electronic really at all - much more akin to earlier Radiohead.
B000VZUWZW|5.0|I really enjoyed this show.  It gets 5 stars from me because I lost count of how many times I laughed out loud.  This show has definite potential!  I will definitely watch this one.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Amnesiac is an amazingly diverse mix of great songs.  Piano and horns fill the void of electronic sounds found in the two prior albums, from the ethereal piano epic Pyramid Song to the sullen guitar and harmonies in You and Whose Army to the guitar-driven rock hits Knives Out and I Might Be Wrong (a couple favorite Radiohead songs of mine) to the nearly acapella Spinning Plates to the piano and horns in Life in a Glass House.<br /><br />It doesn't quite have the flow of OK Computer or Kid A, but nonetheless another classic Radiohead album that should be in your collection. Again, lots of harmony, piano, and a couple big-hit guitar-driven rock songs... the formula works for me.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|I know there may be lots of interpretations about this film, but to me there is a huge depth hidden beneath the surface, like an iceberg, that finally strikes your mind. So don't make the mistake of trying to get a trivial meaning from a simple glance, neither a conventional meaning. This film can be called everything except conventional or trivial.  One has to watch the film to the very end to understand its sense, to face as well that the end is completely open to interpretation, which is a curious paradox. However, every moment, every fact, every character, turns out to have a purpose. You even understand why Grandma Death is always expecting the mail and why she whispers that awful truth to Donnie.  I agree with some people who said that the film gets too over-analysed. I don't think that a too rational comprehension is needed at all, but an intuitive comprehension. Otherwise, you can get lost in a labyrinth of interpretations.  The search for God, the meaning of life, the meaning of freedom as the ability to choose, the purpose of suffering, the difference between reality and fiction, the complexity and darkness of the mind, redemption by love (in the final act, when Donnie is about to complete the circle), the utter loneliness of human beings, the role of chance or fate in our lives and the inability to remove the veil of God's designs, which must ever remain mysterious and inscrutable, are some topics that I've extracted from the film.   Jake Gyllenhaal's performance as Donnie is superb, so are the rest of the casting, perfect in their roles. Plus the music is excellent.  In short, this is a true masterpiece that makes you think. It resists every attempt of labeling...and of banalization.
B000008JI1|1.0|You don't want this. Trust Me. Poison made a good party band. Their ability to headline tours nearly 20 years since their prime will attest to that. However, when they tried to take themselves too seriously, the party was over. With Native Tounge, CC Deville was gone, they brought in a guitar prodigy (Ritchie Kotzen) and they tried to get bluesy. No thanks. Unless you already have Poison's first two partied-up releases, their third so-so release, and you just have plain bad taste in music, leave this turkey in the cut-out bin.
B00005JPLW|5.0|The fight scenes are spectacular. BAR-NONE. Some of the rest was a little to drawn out for me. I know that was kind of the point, but it still was a little boring.
B000SNUMC0|5.0|To be honest, I love Iced Earth, I have not been a nay-sayer of Glorious Burden, i think Gettysburg is on par with the Something Wicked trilogy. I, like many others, miss Matt. He was a very singular singer, his voice was the voice of Iced Earth for a long time. Now that that is out of the way, this album absolutely rips. It's not like Iced Earth as we've known them, this a very very big musical step forward. This album is the best since Something Wicked. Not to say Horrorshow was bad, but this is a damn sight better. The songs here have a MASSIVE amount of depth. The lyrics here all fit the story, there is never a moment when I wonder what's going on. This is easily the best concept album since Operation Mindcrime by Queensryche nearly 20 years ago. The people that talk bad about Ripper in this band are lying to themselves. If you are an Iced Earth fan, you owe it to yourself to buy this. Even if you aren't, buy it. Every song is killer, the only complaint I have, literally the only complaint, is that the final track is more of an intro track for Something Wicked part 2. This one is one for the ages, best metal album of the year, BAR NONE.
B000RMQH30|5.0|Probablemente el mejor disco de Ben Harper. Sonido soulero y de raices. Grandes canciones, gran producción y sonido y un disco fabuloso que apetece escuchar una y otra vez.
0374105235|5.0|This book should be required reading for the human-race. Such an emotional book. I literally had to set it down at times and wait before I could pick it back up again. The author is 2 years younger than I am. I read his story, with his marvelous story-telling skills and I am in awe. All that he has accomplished to survive, all of the blood and horror that had incircled his life and he still comes out and goes on to write such a marvelous book. We have two ways to learn: experience or exposure. I am thankful that I got to learn about this one through exposure, but the Ishmael Beah's writing makes you experience it along w/ him.
B000J103X4|5.0|This is a classic album.  There were about 2 songs that I didn't like.  The rest are straight bangers.  I respect artists that care about making Quality Music.  The artists that respect the consumer are the best.  The Game is the underdog after Dr. Dre abandoned him for 50 cent.  I can't wait for his next opus.  This guy is growing with each mixtape and project.  Pure hip-Hop at it's best.  One of the top 5 artist out right now.
0143038419|4.0|I finnally broke down and bought this book after listening to 4 girls in the office went back and forth on where they were in the book and how much they adored it. There was a list to get this book as it was being passed arround and I didn't want to wait any longer. At the rate it was going I'd know the whole book before I read a single page!<br /><br />This book was a journey, it makes all yearn to get to complete for such a quest. I loved the honest, real person that Elizabeth Gilbert shared with us. She didn't hold back. I truly felt like I was one of her best friends, sitting at a coffee shop hearing about the entire year's trip, adventures, and self-discoveries.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|This is his best work!  Kanye is the best out right now!  I love this album.  Kanye puts his heart and soul into his stuff!  I love it.
B00008QSAA|5.0|Leslie West did it RAW, he did it HARD, but he did it with Les Paul Jr CLASS and TONE, and set a new standard in guitar tone that to this day I dont think has been met.  Leslie's sound JUST SOUNDED BETTER than ANYTHING Clapton and Hendrix were producing.  Today's guitarists dont have a CHANCE to sound this good, with all the synth effects clouding the real sound of the guitar.  This album showcases some amazing Les Paul Jr. authentic rock and blues tone, thanks to Mr. West. Tone is in the HANDS, and Leslie West had the very very best tone from any rock/blues guitarist that ever walked the earth. That's my 2 copper pieces.... come to thegreatfatsbies dot com (Mountain's fan club website) and watch and listen to Mountains early stuff and you will be won over.
B000QEIOTO|5.0|The Bourne Identity is one of the best spy characters ever.  Bourne isnt dramtic but silent and to the point. Like a professional assasin would be portrayed in the movies, and it works.  Haunted by the past with amnesia he struggles around the world fleeing an unknown and deadly enemy.  The action a la car chases, and well choreagraphed fight scenes supplement the plot about a monkey ranch in the well laid plans of an illegal cia dept. that employs death to protect national security, a dept. which Bourne was a part of, now a liability. Can stand alone without the sequels.
0345350499|3.0|This Mists of Avalon is a retelling of the Arthurian legend from a different point of view. First of all, it is told from the viewpoint of the women of the tale. Secondly, it places the legend into the context of the rise of Christianity in England. Because of this latter factor, there is a very different feeling to this book. The rise of Arthur is accomplished by the combined forces of Christianity and the Druid religious leaders. Once Arthur is on the throne, though he accomplishes having 25 years of peace, the seed of his fall are already sown.<br /><br />The story is primarily told by Morgan La Fay who in most versions is considered the evil doer who brings about the fall of Arthur. In this version - hers - she is portrayed much more sympathetically. We first meet her as a young girl whose mother (Igraine) is married to a Roman noble by the name of Gorlois. Her aunt is Viviane who is the Lady of Lake, the high priestess of the Druid female-based religion. Viviane and the Merlin have visions which show that Igraine must fall for Uther and bear him the son who will be the Once and Future King. Through some interesting twists, this happens and Igraine bears Arthur. Morgan is sent off to study to become a priestess on Avalon and Arthur is raised by some peasants.<br /><br />The ritual of kingmaking that the druids practiced included a mating of the King and the Priestess. Not surprisingly, Arthus is made King by following this ritual and his mate turns out to be his sister. While the druids see nothing wrong with this, the Christian religion calls it incest and it is one of the extreme taboos. Of course, this also happens to result in Morgan's getting pregnant with Mordred.<br /><br />One of the things that jumps out of the book repeatedly is how Christianity is portrayed in extremely negative terms. Unlike the druid religion which is tolerant of many gods and many practices, Christianity is portrayed as very narrow minded, not tolerant of anything else but its own beliefs, and most importantly, a religion that has been interpreted by its priests as one the completely degrades women. Many passages are spent in describing how women are the source of all evil under Christian beliefs and how women are supposed to be chaste until marriage and then content with the raising of the babies and the running of the household. This is contrasted strongly with how women rule and are involved in all the important decisions under the Druid religion.<br /><br />Another critical aspect is the role of Guinevere. In this telling, she is the evil one who makes Arthur's reign dissolve into ruin at the end. She is portrayed from the beginning as someone who has many mental problems. For one, she has a phobia about being outdoors. For another, she is the one who presses christianity in its most virulent and narrow-minded form on to Arthur. Yet, while she does all this, she is really in love with Lancelot and has the celebrated love affair with him. She is also portrayed as a vacuous air-head whose only interest is in having Arthur's baby and has frequent tantrums and false pregnancies which causes all kinds of grief at court.<br /><br />Eventually, Guinevere succeeds in controlling Arthur and turns him away from his oath to rule all the people of Britain, and towards Christianity. Excalibur, which was given to him by the Druids is even made to server as a symbol of the cross. This creates immense bitterness and anger amongst the Druids and the Old People and as Mordred arrives in court as a young man, results in the dissolution of Camelot.<br /><br />The ending of the book is tragic. We all know that, of course. But, in this telling, the tragedy is compounded as Morgan attempts to convince Arthur to follow his oath. When he does not, she works against him. The result is that she pays a heavy price. Her lover dies, her son dies, her brother dies, and she is left alone in the world. At the very tail end of the book, she realizes that Druidism has diedand been replaced by a faction within Christianity which worships Mary and then she returns to Avalon and has the island moves further into the mists so that it cannot be found.<br /><br />The writing of the book takes some getting used to. Not only does the author use a very heavy form of English, but she has changed the spelling of many of the names. Morgan is supposedly actually Morgain, Merlin is Taliesin, Arthur is Gwydion, and Guinever is Gwenhynfer, etc. This is also a long book of over 850 pages and many parts of it seem to go by very slowly. There are myriads of minor characters with bloodlines and roles that are somewhat difficuly to follow: Balan and Balin, for instance.<br /><br />Overall, it is a very interesting concept and one that makes the reading enjoyable, once you get through the funny spellings, the turgid dialog, and the displacement of viewpoint.ity which worships Mary and then she returns to Avalon and has the island moves further into the mists so that it cannot be found.    The writing of the book takes some getting used to. Not only does the author use a very heavy form of English, but she has changed the spelling of many of the names. Morgan is supposedly actually Morgain, Merlin is Taliesin, Arthur is Gwydion, and Guinever is Gwenhynfer, etc. This is also a long book of over 850 pages and many parts of it seem to go by very slowly. There are myriads of minor characters with bloodlines and roles that are somewhat difficuly to follow: Balan and Balin, for instance.    Overall, it is a very interesting concept and one that makes the reading enjoyable, once you get through the funny spellings, the turgid dialog, and the displacement of viewpoint.
B000RG1FMO|2.0|If you want an average CD, with minimal character in the lyrics, and some alright beats, you've found it. This album proves to me that it's time for Kanye to get back behind the tables and let the MCs do their thing and let him do his thing, which is produce. We will have to wait for Murs and Moka Only and Atmosphere to break onto radio before Hip-Pop can be a legitimate art form again and draw some market share back from country music.
1582701709|1.0|The book restates The Laws of Attraction.  The author seems to confuse a huckster New Age theme with the actual law of magnetism which states like poles repel and opposite poles attract.  This is the actual 'science' that justifies The Laws of Attraction?  The Laws of Attraction is obviously the opposite - positive manifests positive - good things happen to good people.<br /><br />Anyone starving in Africa, living in the terrible conditions of refugee camps, or living in the dangerous conditions of American public housing - are negative people that created their own condition.  Beautiful happy people are positive, good people, that deserve their beach house and adoring successful friends.  This is a book for easy marks: the vain and vapid.
0743289684|5.0|What an eye opener!  Not only should every American read this book to gain insights into the ideologies we are fighting against, but anyone in America frustrated at our government's flaws should read this book.      This reader also recommends this book to all females (even teens, based on their maturity level) so they may see the need to keep out the  ideologies that are the foundation of a host of crimes perpetrated against women in so many other countries (e.g. honor killings, stonings, female genital mutilation, etc.)    Ali certainly knows the price of freedom (even today, with the existence of death threats on her life) and makes this American awfully grateful for the freedoms we all seem to take for granted.
B000MNP2KI|5.0|the latest in the bond series.  this one is about the beginnings of 007.  i didn't think Craig would be a good bond, but i was totally wrong.  it's certainly the best bond since goldeneye.  the story was great, the action was great...i hope to see craig in more bond films!  the special features were nice too as they talk about the history of bond
B00012FXB8|4.0|The movie plot is acceptable - the action moving along - the language leaves a lot to be desired -   This time I watched the extended version.    With the oxen - quite enlightening - and Ripley finally shacked up with the doctor. Poor ole widow.    Hard to keep track of those crazy prisoners - Now who is the Company man?  The disbelief was very noticable until the prisoners were yanked up through the roof [or ceiling].    Just a bit of a let-down in Ripley's character almost taking a back seat yet in keeping with the plot.    The language was the most glareing fault I found with the whole thing - just increases the common use of the vulgarity [as in everyone uses it] Ha!    Aliens 3 was in the line of the first two - for mature audiences only.  Makes a good trilogy - a little less watched as the Predator trilogy but a nice build-up to PvA [sorry guys this one is a lot better than A-3].  Don't tell me movies can't be made without vulgarity.    No Recommendation - as this one has to be a matter of personal choice.
0061124265|3.0|It's a good book with a great message overall. I just wish that I were fluent in Spanish, because I think that it would read better in the original language. It seems that stories like this often lose something in the translation. I would recommend this book. It is a pretty good read, a little strange at times, but so are the lives that it is portraying.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|these movies were fun for the price of one but that's it. Death Proof is widely overrated. The car chases were nothing special and QT's flair for dialogue is dead. Rank profanity is not \\"clever\\" dialogue. Planet Terror was much better  and even then was only a grade C zombie flick. for twenty bucks apiece they ain't worth it. esp Death Proof which consists of a bunch of chicks cursing and swearing and some car chases. yawn.
B000VPUIA6|2.0|Why they would include the original mono soundtrack as an optional audio track doesn't make sense. Another wasted opportunity, and waste of money.
B0009MAO46|1.0|This movie is not as good as made to be. It is boring and overrated. I bought this dvd at a local Blockbuster Video without even renting it i can't get into it. The first time i watched it after I played it I was depressed!! Of course i didn't want to hate this movie so I gave it one more chance. Even after 2 times I still can't get into it. I have Toy Story 2 on dvd and I enjoy that one more. Toy Story 2 is funnier and much better as a matter of fact, I will stick with that one along with my favorite movie Monsters, Inc. Toy Story 1 was week compared to Toy Story 2. Do yourself a favor and if your considering purchasing a Toy Story dvd, get Toy Story 2, don't waste your hard earned money on Toy Story 1.
0743455967|5.0|Review of \\"On Writing\\"         Stephen King's book, \\"On Writing\\", is a fascinating and informative read.  The beginning of the book is a short memoir of his life and soon evolves into some helpful rules of advice for writers.            In the beginning of his book, he tells the brief story of his childhood leading up to his first novel. We are introduced to his mother, a single parent of two young sons and their life moving from one place to another. Then his wife Tabitha, who is truly the love of his life and best friend.  I found  parts of his memoirs to be  humorous, sad and full of determination.  One realizes that King's desire to write began at a young age and his determination to continue what he enjoys was never halted.  His creativity is fantastic and extremely  suspenseful. His passion for writing fiction is truly unmistakable.  The second part of the book, King shares techniques on how to become a good writer. This   interested me because I enjoy writing fictional stories. I was able to relate to a few of the techniques and welcomed every piece of information he had to offer. Although, some people may not look at him as a true writer, I am inspired by his works and amazed with his talent.        I would highly recommend this book. This is a great book for fiction writers just starting out. Stephen King's memoir's were inspiring, and his lessons on writing were vastly informative.
B000B8QG0O|5.0|Toy Story 2 is a great movie!! It would be my second favorite movie, only Monsters, Inc. being my all time favorite. By the way 2 is a lot better than 1. 1 was terrible. In this movie, Woody gets stolen by Al and what else is really exciting about this movie is that the characters go to a toy store, and a airport. Rex is my favorite character in this movie. 2 also makes me into laughter compared to 1 which was no<br />laughter. This movie kicks @$$!!! Get this DVD. But whatever you do, get Toy Story 2 along with Monsters, Inc. for a great movie collection. TS1 was awful!!
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Actually, really good. This album is a little bit different than Kanye's first 2 offerings. For one, there's only 13 tracks, and there are no skits. Also this album for the most part is more up-tempo than \\"Late Registration\\". It doesn't seem to have that same aura as Late Registration did when I first got it, but it is a lot more consistent. Of course the production is incredible on every track produced entirely by Kanye except for \\"Barry Bonds\\" which was done by Nottz. And Kanye has improved his mic skills. I don't understand the people who say Kanye can't rap, I think he gets better every year, and I even thought he was pretty good back on \\"The College Dropout\\". Even my friend who didn't like Kanye said he's gotten better, and he's been bangin' this CD for a couple of days now. Bottom line, this is the best album of 2007 so far, beating out his home boy Common.<br /><br />Favorite Tracks:<br />Good Morning<br />Stronger<br />Good Life<br />Can't Tell Me Nothing<br />Barry Bonds<br />Flashing Lights<br />Everything I Am<br />The Glory
B000R4SMCW|4.0|I enjoyed watching this movie a lot as it had some twists and turns in it that I haven't seen in other movies.... this way you won't have figured out the ending before it happens!!     In \\"Fracture\\", Anthony Hopkin's character attempts to kill his wife for having an affair with another man. It is no secret that he has attempted to kill his wife as he admits to shooting her to the police. He gets rid of nearly all the evidence, including the murder weapon.     So, now the movie in turn, focuses on how the police and district attorney's office go about making a case for attempted murder. The case seems to be straight forward ENOUGH and SHOULD PROVE TO BE AN EASY TO PROVE..... BUT PROVES TO BE OTHERWISE! Watch Anthony Hopkin's character play cat and mouse with a young, hot shot attorney from the district attorney's office!
0767812166|5.0|First of all, one of the wonderful things about this edition is that it is widescreen.  The widescreen is on the flip side of DVD, (atleast on the copy that I recieved).  Widescreen is a must for any film in my opinion.  I hadn't seen the film in several years; last time was on VHS.  I ran across it searching for different films to buy and got it right away.  I forgot how excellent this movie was.  Jeff Bridges did a great acting job,and Karren Allen was a great supporting role.  The musical score is incredible, listen to it carefully when watching the film.  This is a movie you need to have in your DVD library.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|I'm gonna have to wait. I'll pay for the full thing, but damn you Weinsteins, you've got your marketing all twisted up. You should've released an expensive all in one disc that way people could buy it for their relatives and people could get into it that way, the full Grindhouse experience on the big screen. But you made a full of everyone Harvey Weinstein, what have you done?
B000TGCR38|4.0|The Black Book\\" tells the story of a Dutch-Jewish girl, Rachel Stein, who works for the resistance in Nazi-occupied Holland during the final days of World War II.    The film starts and finishes on a Kibbutz in Israel in 1956. A tourist, Ronnie (Halina Reijn) wis visiting Israel with her Canadian husband who she met during the liberation of Holland, when she is delighted and surprised to recognise the heroine (Carice van Houten) who had been a friend during the war, teaching at the Kibbutz school.    After Ronnie and her husband have gone, van Houten's character begins to reminisce to the circumstances leading up to her first meeting with Ronnie, and the viewer follows her thoughts back to September 1944 when she was hiding from the Nazis under her real name of Rachel Stein.    Rachel was a former famous singer from a wealthy Jewish family, who went into hiding when the Germans over-ran Holland. A stray bomb wrecks Rachel's hiding place, but someone who claimss to be working for the Resistance gives her the opportunity to flee. However, the group Rachel is travelling with are betrayed. Surviving by chance, she meets up with a different group of the resistance and begins to work for them, dying her hair blonde and taking the false name Ellis de Vries. After several of her friends in the resistance are captured, Resistance cell leader Gerben Kuipers (Derek de Lint) asks Ellis what she would do to help them: he asks if she will seduce SS leader Ludwig Müntze (Sebastian Koch). At his HQ she meets Ronnie, who is working there as a genuine collaborator - or is she ?    From quite early in the film, the viewer begins to suspect that one or more characters who appears to be in the resistance or trying to help the Jews are actually traitors working for the Germans. You also begin to wonder if the people in the Nazi HQ include more Allied agents who Kuipers' resistance cell don't know about. However, the twists and turns in the complex plot of the film keep you constantly wondering who is betraying whom.     Some of the nastiest scenes in the film come after the liberation, because the final revenge of one of the Nazis is to trick the resistance into thinking that Rachel/Ellis has betrayed them. The \\"Black Book\\" of the title contains the evidence which eventually shows who the real traitors were.    Most of the spoken words in the film are in Dutch or German, with subtitles, except for a few lines towards the end of the film where the mostly Canadian liberation forces finally arrive. I hardly noticed that I was picking up the meaning from the subtitles, nor rapid fire switch of the dialogue between English and Dutch with subtitles towards the end (though I did notice that one or two people who were supposed to be Canadians had distinctly British accents.)    I can't make up my mind whether it was a good idea to bookend the film with the scenes on the Kibbutz in 1956. This tells you right at the beginning that Rachel/Ellis and Ronnie will survive and removes an element of suspense, though I was still wondering \\"How on earth does she get out of this one\\" for most of the film.     There is also a shock ending to the final 1956 segment. This does not relate well to the main story of the book, and appears to have been added to remind the viewer, regardless of your view of the Arab-Israel disputes, that for those who were born Jewish, facing prejudice and conflict did not end with the defeat of the nazis.     There is an enormous amount of nudity in the film: both Carice van Houten and Halina Reijn have magnificent bodies and both display them quite a lot. However, the nudity is always in context, and that context is usually painful or humiliating - e.g. when Rachel has to pretend to enjoy showing her breasts to a nazi pig who organised the murder of people she loved - so the nudity appears to be mainly intended to make a point rather than to titillate.    There is also some excellent music, including four contemporary songs sung by Carice van Houten, as she also performed them as Rachel Stein in the film. Three of them are in German, one in English    There is very little humour in the film: there are a couple of light-hearted exchanges at the beginning before tragedy strikes, and later there are two variants on the ancient \\"Is that a gun in your pocket or are you pleased to see me?\\" joke. Generally it's a very serious and rather sad film.    Compared with the low standard of plausibility of war thrillers in general much of this film scored quite highly for credibility and realism, though there were inevitably a few things I found it hard to believe could happen. Most of the time it is not difficult to suspend disbelief in the story.    Some excellent acting, especially from Carise va Houton as the central figure. De Lint as the resistance leader, Kock as a very complex Nazi figure, and Dolf de Vries as a notary who appears to be helping Jews escape give particularly powerful performances. Waldemar Kobus plays the horrible Günther Franken, a Nazi captain who clearly takes a delight in murdering Jews and robbing them, and Thom Hoffman plays Hans Akkermans, a doctor working for the resistance.    Director and screenplay author Paul Verhoeven has said that     \\"In this movie, everything has a shade of grey. There are no people who are completely good and no people who are completely bad. It's like life.\\"    I agree that this describes the vast majority of characters in the film, though there are one or two who do come over as pure evil, notably Gunther Franken, and SS general Käutner, played by Christian Berkel.    Unless you like watching very sad films, this is probably one to rent rather than buy: I cannot imagine that I will want to watch it all that often. Most of the apparently sympathetic characters get killed, some of the rest turn out to be traitors, and overall the story is quite depressing. However, it is powerful, sexy, sophisticated, well made, and memorable.
6304765231|5.0|Out of all the Brandon Lee movie's I feel that this was his best. This movie has all the elements of a good movie,comedy,romance,thrill and of course action. This would have been Brandon's big movie to make him a big star if he would have lived.      The most of the movie is very dark and quite entertaining. I really recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good movie
0140449337|5.0|THIS IS NOT SOME BOOK THAT YOU READ FROM FRONT TO BACK...NO, YOU TAKE YOUR TIME WITH A PASSAGE, ANY PASSAGE, AND YOU THINK ABOUT IT. IN OTHER WORDS YOU MEDITATE FOR AS LONG AS IT TAKES. WARNING: THIS IS NOT A GOOD ONE TO START YOUR STOIC STUDIES WITH, LEARN THE PRINCIPLES, THEN TEST IF YOU CAN PICK THEM OUT FROM THIS BOOK.
B000G759LW|3.0|I like both of Christina's previous released (especially Stripped) but this one is a little TOO different for my taste. I gave it 3 stars because i like probably about 8 songs off the entire album and most of them are from the first disc. In my opinion the 2nd disc is junk. The first one has some modern-ish songs on it but the second one is completely \\"1930\\"..except maybe \\"Still Dirrty\\" which i do like that song. I think she has a really good voice and I normally like her music but I can't handle all the cheesy lyrics, extreme jazz stuff. Her video for \\"Candyman\\" is ridiculous. She makes herself look like a complete idiot in that video and the song is equally lame. She tries making it sexual but it just makes her sound like a wh*re. Anyway, hope she takes it forward about 70 years on her next album and quits trying to act like she was alive then...
0316018953|3.0|Not one of Michael Connelly's better works. But still it was entertaining. And it will not discourage me to read his books.
1596680180|5.0|jacqui carey has produced another first-rate instruction manual. the selection of techniques brings together methods from weaving as well as braiding and knotting, so nearly every crafter will find something new to them. there are even instructions for using a lucet, not the most common textile tool. there is a very brief section on basic tassel making, enough to provide a finishing element for the braids.    the book is beautifully organized. the instructions are clear and thoroughly illustrated. as always, carey includes the construction details that make the process easier and that result in professional quality work.    the best part of the book is carey's incredible inventiveness. even with the simplest technique, her combinations of texture, weight, and color create lovely, striking and elegant results.    the braids could be used by anyone involved with textiles--embellish clothing, hats, purses, make belts; decorate pillows, upholstery and curtains. use them as jewelry. the quick ones could be used to tie presents for stylish presentation. endless possiblities.    carey is english, so many of the terms for yarn might not be familiar to american readers. but the photos are very clear, so finding equivalents would not be a problem.    a really useful, inspiring resource.
0152048049|5.0|I purchased this as a gift for my 7-year-old niece, who lives in a city distant from me.  I'm told by her, and her parents, that it is a beautiful edition.    I can add nothing to the comments about this wonderful story, which speaks to the hearts of both children and adults.      So far as I know, it was a hit with my niece and her parents.
B000NQR7NO|5.0|Overall liked the album. (Means there was couple songs in the album I really like!)    I recommend it.
006054094X|4.0|Absolutely fascinating read.  Winds, current, stars, latitude, longitude, ship design, historical maps all play a part in the supposition that the Chinese were the first to discover the western hemisphere and to have had the most efficient trading empire in their own hemisphere years before the Italian, Portuguese, Spaish and English captains made their historic voyages.  The author makes a believable statement that the Chinese got to the western hemisphere first.   His suppositions and conclusions come after careful and complicated studies which at times cause the reader to take a jump of faith.  Now looking at Latin American pottery, Inuit faces, etc., you see Chinese eyes, art designs and wonder.  And the crossing of fruits, vegetables, trees, flowers, horses, etc. between east and west is amazing and convincing.  The book highly recommended.
B000IJ79V6|2.0|I've just watch this Superman II with the Richard Donner cut and i have a new perspective on how this movie franchise would have been.    My childhood memories of this movie was two powerfull images of the confrontation between Superman and the three Super-villains (the bus being lifted by Non and Ursa sequence mostly!) and lately i was a little distrustfull of Warner Brothers to bring this 'other cut'. I thought this move was only to please an executive or a dispicable director or whatever. But when my curiosity was won to watch this new cut, i was dazzled by what could have been an epic movie.    With that in mind, and knowing the true story about the making of the first two Superman movies at the same time, that makes me wonder about the 'official' version that made to the big screen.    When i watched it again, it felt corny, kitch and a little out of sinc with the seriousness of the first Superman (witch was almost a 100% Donner movie). The music is too light and campy (that's for copying the John Williams themes with little reverence to the source materials, i almost felt i should march with drums in hand to the Superman theme and not listen to it!), i see the reshoots everywhere and the dramatic impact is of less value.    The big decision that Superman makes to become human is really not convincing because Jor-El's not in it! The relation between father and son (almost and analogy to that of God and Jesus) is broken in this movie with the mother who is too much withhold in expression, deliberation and in tone with the gravity of this moral dilemma. And we ultimately don't know how Superman was able to get his powers back and at what price!    Of cource, there's also the Clark Kent/Lois Lane relationship and it's evolution. With this version, the hole discovery of the Kent/Superman connection is accidental and is viewed as something that could be erased (the Lester magic kiss). The other version is more in tone with the notion of 'verysimilitude' employed byDonner and used lately By Brian Singer (X-Men and Superman Returns) and the Wachowsky brothers with The Matrix trilogy.    I strongly think that the Salkinds and their choice to direct this movie (Richard Lester) unintentionally, with only short term commercial intent in mind, brought down what could have been a great franshise of movies about the greatest adaptation of a superhero to the big screen. This movie's the living example. Even if it was a commercial success (lesser than the first one), the intent of the general public was they wanted a movie in tune with the first in quality, not a campy one. How many of us got to go seeing this movie twice or three times in cinema? I didn't! I'm keeping this one because of it's historic value in movie making bizareness, not for it's story value. The other two movies that followed were artistic and commercial disasters and the second is responsible for the failures to bring credibility for the other successive movies to bring up again.    It's like the Ford Motors Conpany lately dropped the Taurus nameplate for the sake of trying something campy and new (the 500 name) instead. Big mistake! This movie is of the same type of mistake and desparation on the part of those who were in charge.
B000HEWEE4|5.0|Some people expect a realistic story for a movie, but not me. I would like to be entertained and afterward would like to enjoy the happy ending since this world is such a chaotic place... So, I totally enjoyed this movie. If you like Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves and also like a happy ending, you ought to watch this movie!
B000RG1FMO|5.0|This CD is a \\"classic\\", whatever mood your in Kanye has a song for it. That's enought said \\"you should buy the CD yourself too see what the talk is about\\" GREAT JOB KANYE
B000EXZI0K|4.0|If one were to assess musical artists in the Pop music era, one may not be off-base by saying that the Bee Gees are one of the Top 10 acts of all time.   The Bee Gees established themselves as pop stars in the late 1960s; reinvented themselves in the 1970s as pioneers for the \\"Disco Era\\"; became acclaimed songwriters for some of pop's biggest acts in the 1980s; and then successfully made a comeback in the 1990s.    It was the 1975 album \\"Main Course\\" that would be the album where the Bee Gees would reinvent themselves.   \\"Main Course\\" would include a large use of synthesizers that would be key in spearheading the Bee Gees foray into the \\"Disco Era\\".  While \\"Main Course\\" might be criticized because of being Disco, one cannot deny that the Bee Gees were innovators back in 1975.    Following \\"Main Course\\", the Bee Gees would release their follow-up, \\"Children of the World\\".   With that album, the Bee Gees continue with the formula that worked on \\"Main Course\\" - further solidifying their journey into the world of Disco.      Looking at the Bee Gees, I look at the group has covering three phases.   \\"Early Bee Gees\\" covers the period from the inception of the group through 1973's \\"Life in a Tin Can\\" album.  This period would have the Bee Gees characterized as pop artists/pop balladeers.  In 1974, with the release of \\"Mr. Natural\\" would begin the \\"Disco Era\\" phase as the Bee Gees would introduce an R&B and Disco influence - as well as Barry Gibb's trademark falsetto.   The \\"Disco Era\\" phase would run from 1974's \\"Mr. Natural\\" album through 1981's \\"Living Eyes\\" album.   This would be the most commercially successful period for the band and would include their \\"Saturday Night Fever\\" material.    When Disco went into decline, the Bee Gees would go into commercial decline.  They would take some time off and focus on songwriting, and then in 1987 when they would launch their comeback.   Beginning with 1987's \\"E.S.P.\\" album, the Bee Gees would return to a more traditional soundbecoming adult-contemporary artists.   \\"Children of the World\\" would fall into the heart of the commercially successful \\"Disco Era\\" phase.    \\"Children of the World\\" would include all of the trademarks of the \\"Disco Era\\" phase.  The R&B sound - with some influence of funk.   To help construct this sound, the Bee Gees would defer to often orchestral-like sounds.  The use of horns also helps supplement this sound.    Here is a track by track review of this collection:    \\"You Should Be Dancing\\":  Many people consider this the signature song of during the entire Disco Era - and with good reason.  This song would also be selected to be John Travolta's \\"solo\\" during \\"Saturday Night Fever\\".  The song is completely electric.    What many people overlook is the infusion of the horns section and the fact that the song is supplemented by a calypso sound.   It are these items that really help put the song over the top.    \\"You Stepped into My Life\\":   Following the electricity of \\"You Should Be Dancing\\", this song is almost a let-down.  The song uses has a funk influence with lots of synthesizers.  To a lesser extent, you can also hear some orchestral sounds.  While it has a good beat, the vocals on this song (despite Barry Gibb's falsetto) did bore me.    \\"Love So Right\\":  While not a Disco or a Funk song, this song almost is the poster child for many of the ballads the Bee Gees did in the \\"Disco Era\\" phase.    This song is all about Barry's vocals - which are truly are in prime form on this song.    The chorus almost has a mantra-like effect.    \\"Lovers\\": At first this song annoyed me, but slowly it started to grow on me.  This song has a funk-influenced beat.   Barry and Robin trade vocals nicely (and I think it's Maurice going \\"got to make you understand\\").    \\"Can't Keep a Good Man Down\\":  This is perhaps one of the most underrated songs of the Bee Gees career.  Barry Gibb once again is in perfect form with his vocals and Robin's vocals fold in at the right time.  The useof horns in the chorus on spot on.  You could easily see this song fitting into the \\"Saturday Night Fever\\" soundtrack (too bad it wasn't a part of it).    \\"Boogie Child\\":  This song is pure Funk by the Bee Gees.  The Bee Gees pull this one off flawlessly.     \\"Love Me\\": This song gives us another ballad by the Bee Gees.  This ballad has a deep R&B feel to it with Robin taking the lead.   While not as strong as \\"Love So Right\\", this one is still very good.       \\"Subway\\": Another song that I could hear in the urban discotheques.   This song has a some great orchestral hooks in it as well as some terrific use of horns.  Barry's has his falsetto in high gear on this song.   I could have also seen this song in \\"Saturday Night Fever\\".    \\"The Way It Was\\":  This song takes a more traditional ballad - no R&B on this one.  This song has some nice keyboards in it.  Again, the solid vocals by Barry help     \\"Children of the World\\":  Another overlooked song in the Bee Gees portfolio.  The song starts out with a nice a cappella.  The song then progresses into some light synthesizers that eventually become some heavy synthesizers.  The intensity of the synthesizers really provide some nice contrast to the soft-styled vocals of this track.  The song eventually closes with the a cappella that started it.    This is the remastered album.  The liner notes did not include any lyrics, but they did include the musician credits.  Overall, this collection is at the heart of not only the Bee Gees \\"Disco Era\\" phase, but the overall Disco period.   It was a great precursor to what was to come with \\"Saturday Night Fever\\".   Highly recommended.
6305511055|5.0|In my humble opinion Sydney Pollack's brilliant 'cat & mouse' thriller, \\"Three Days of the Condor\\" surpasses many a modern effort in this genre without the aid of any CGI or sfx-jiggery pokery. The film delivers a superbly simple plot but with expertly orchestrated twists & turns. This is no 'film buff only' movie, there are great performances, action, tension, sexual & otherwise, enough to rivet any discerning viewer. Watch this and Alan J Pakula's 1974, 'Parallax View' for a rainy Sunday afternoon 'Conspiracy Fest'. What movie would you add to the list?<br />[[ASIN:B00000IRE9 The Parallax View]]
0736063684|5.0|The everything strength training and anatomy manual<br /><br />As a strength training enthusiast and a exercise book author, I constantly seek information to bolster my know-how when it comes to fitness. Many books rehash the same stuff time and time again, like a broken record. Some excel beyond the ooze and do what they are supposed to do--educate. Strength Training Anatomy does just that; it is no lightweight when it comes to strength training know-how.<br /><br />This book breaks every conceivable strength training exercise down into muscle groups. It teaches exactly how to perform multiple exercises for every body part. It also uses extensive illustrations to indicate exactly which prime and secondary muscles are called into play for each exercise. I believe to train most effectively you must have some understanding of the muscular system--how muscles work, their function during exercise. I have found no better book to teach this.<br /><br />My advice is buy it, keep it on your shelf, and reference it often. Congratulations, Frederic; there is a reason you have sold so many copies of this book.<br /><br />Hope this helps, Craig Nybo, [ ... ]
B0009A40ES|4.0|I've watched it a few times here and there on tv and finally decided to get the DVD.  Based on the book by the same name,....this is one of those tongue in cheek / dark comedy films that meets a Norman Bates from Psycho.  Well....Norman Bates as a well-to-do New York business exectutive with a high-income salary and a three-piece designer suit...but you get the idea.  Christian Bale is perfect in this film....taking the audience on a never-ending downward spiral into the darkest recesses of his soul only to murder those he envies and an occasional hooker or two only to realize that in the end where he questions himself if he actually committed these murders or not.      It's a great thril-ride.....filled with the typical 80's excesses and references, the overall dark fantasy that lurks in some of us to do away with those who just push our buttons, the comedic moments of his narrations and actions as he Bale's character plunges further into madness.
B000N6U0E2|4.0|The person the movie is about was talked about in the investment world long before the movie was released; however, I had no CLUE as to the depth of hardship he had to overcome to get where he is at today.  You definitely feel for the guy.  This movie will make you angry.  It will make you sad.  It will make you cheer.  You will wonder how you would have done given the same set of circumstances.  I only want to see it once because of the grief suffered, but I do want my kids to see it when they are old enough to understand to help motivate them.
B000I5YCCO|4.0|I saw Taylor in concert last month and just had to buy this CD.  I love all the songs, esp track 9.  Great buy!
B00081912E|4.0|This is the movie that put Jim Carrey on the map.  Excellent story of a whimpy guy, who takes on the dashing personality of mask each time he puts it on.  There is slapstick, contortions only Carrey can make, romance, and plenty of humor!
B00005JO9J|4.0|I have a question about the pilot; Does anybody know the name of the song/track that is being played during the last surgery in the pilot episode of Grey's Anatomy?
B0009UC7QQ|4.0|The Truman show is a 24/7 TV show, starring Truman.  Problem is he does not know it.  He was adopted by a TV producer from about 1 or 2 months of age, and from that time they created a town in a bubble and aired his \\"artificial\\" life as a TV show.  There are those on the outside who think it is unethical and attempt to get inside and warn Truman. Excellent concept.  Excellent story.  You develop a fondness for Truman, and want to see him come to reality.  This is the first performance by Jim Carey that was Oscar worthy.
B000002B7M|5.0|Blizzard of Ozz is a classic among the rock n' roll scene.  Every single track is good, with no execptions.         Rhandy Rhoads brought a spark that was well needed after Black Sabbath fired the lead singer and it is a shame that he would only play on two other albums(Diary of a Madman/Tribute) before his untimely death.           There isn't a misstep on this album and if you don't get into to it then you are not a fan of rock n' roll.
0780622650|2.0|It could have been better, just by using story lines that have been used and re-used.  That would have been more entertaining.  Its based on the 1960's TV show and copies the events of the first episode, so they could have made a sequal that could have been better. The Robinson family launches into outerspace on a pro-longed foyage, only their course is altered because of excessive weight from a stow-away, the infamous, selfish and trouble making Dr. Smith.  They wake early from stasis and know only that they don't know where they are.  Great concept, just very poor execution.
B000000YNZ|4.0|I own many Bill Evans CD's, including every one he did before this.  Bill set out to be lyrical on this all-ballad record.  The best way to understand the result to describe what it is not.  It is nothing like the rowdy cuts on New Jazz Conceptions and Everybody Digs Bill Evans - no up tempo numbers.  Paul Motian really eases up here.  No dancing on a tight rope like Portrait.  So then, how does it compare to the more subdued Village Vanguard recordings and Explorations?  Sadly, to me, it does not hold up there either, and it's not just the loss of Scott LaFaro (later recordings prove that).  Those CD's have a sophistication and subtle drama that draw the listener in; this recording seems ordinary by comparison.  Perhaps that was inevitable - Evans had already tamed the frontiers of innovative voicings, modal music, rhythmic displacement and three-way simultaneous improvisation and was said to hate recording because he did not have much new to say.  This was his first all-out attempt to pull the heartstrings.  It's still Bill Evans, and he's still great, but the gunslinger checked his best guns at the door here.  The result comes across as mainstream, with nothing daring or edgy going one.  Of course, mainstream pays the bills - this was one of his most popular CD's.  However, I reach for it to deal with road rage, not when I want to hear Bill Evans at his finest.
0385338600|4.0|I'm a John Grisham fan, and have read most of his novels.  I think A TIME TO KILL is one of his best books, and a great courtroom drama.<br /><br />The plot of A TIME TO KILL is straightforward.  Jake Brigance is a young Mississippi lawyer who has been handed a case of a lifetime: defending a black man who has murdered the two rapists of his young daughter.  Grisham covers the events leading up to the trial in depth, and provides an interesting look into the daily life of a small town in the deep South.<br /><br />I can't say this is a perfect book, since the plot is a bit too unrealistic and melodramatic in spots.  I also didn't find the main character entirely likable, since he seemed more interested in advancing his own career above everything else.  I further found the character of Ellen, who magically shows up in the second half of the book to assist Brigance, to be silly and completely unnecessary to the story.<br /><br />Still, the novel is highly entertaining and kept me on the edge of my seat.  I read A TIME TO KILL in a few sittings, and enjoyed the experience a great deal.  Along with THE FIRM, I would say this is the best book by Grisham.
B000PKG6TE|4.0|The first song \\"Turnin' on the screw\\" is a good mood song, an excellent beginning song for what I found to be a very good cd.  To me, at any rate, Queens of the Stone Age sound a lot like the Beattles when they were experimenting with different sounds and techniques.  This cd is no different than a lot of what was thrown out in the \\"Abbey Road\\" and \\"White Album\\" releases.  What are they trying to say?  I can't be one hundred percent certain, but I really believe they're railing against the British occupation in Iraq.  Not the entire cd is devoted to this premise, yet \\"Run Pig Run\\" has the same earmark and anti-war sentiment as Pink Floyds' \\"Dogs of War\\" and Black Sabbeth's \\"War Pigs.\\"  The song \\"I'm Designer\\" appears to focus it's angst towards materialism in general.  \\"Misfit Love\\" seems to show a world where what we think is a common concept of love is mostly misguided and seemingly immoral.  \\"Battery Acid\\" has a lot to do with love as kink; macho/sadism.  \\"Make it Wit Chu\\"  Has to do with relationships, that no matter how bizarre, is needed or wanted to some extent.  \\"Suture up your Future\\" Seem to be a dark melody on the need to set your priorities right.  \\"River on the Road\\" works in the same vein; finding your self and preparing for your future.  That's how I see this, in a nut shell.  It's unfortunate, but I dearly wish the cd had a couple more 5+ minute songs to make it a full hour long release.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Having watched the movie, read the book and watched the movie again all in the same week I am pleased to say that the movie did the book justice; which is not a compliment I often bestow on such movies.  Each actor was perfect in their representation and I will certainly enjoy watching this movie again and again.
B0000E6XH3|4.0|This dvd is an awesome buy. If you like Daft Punk and Anime, get it. If you like either one, get it. If you don't like either, this may change your mind.    When Daft Punk was morking on their album 'Discovery' the contacted one of their idols in animation, Leiji Mastumoto.  Matsumoto is famous manga like 'Galxay Express 999' or anime 'Space Battleship Yamamoto\\". They wanted an animated story told through thier music. There is no spoken dialog during the whole film, just Daft Punks unique style of elctronic music and their lyrics. This pairing seems to work exceedingly well.    I actualy make fan music videos for some of my favorite anime an must say that this is very brilliant seeing somthing similar so professionaly done.    I call this best of both worlds because not only does it pair good elctronic music and great classic anime. It also joins some culture across the globe, Paris and Tokyo and gaining ground in the USA    Check it out, its welll worth it.
0807126063|4.0|Many critics have considered \\"A Confederacy Of Dunces\\" as a masterpiece among post-modern literature and reading through the novel really is some kind of enjoyment. The life of Ignatius J. Reilly, a very well educated 30-year-old man who goes to any lengths or rather doesn't go in order to not integrate himself into the \\"system\\", the modern world (by modern he means the entire time since the medievals) which he totally dislikes in all concerns, is presented in an at some place hilarious and diverting way. It is, however, a little on the long side; there are, for example, several intermissions which do not belong to the actual story but are Ignatius' own-written material in which he tries to point out all the negative aspects of this modern world he is forced to live in, but these are quite dispensable and not very amusing at all, even though it is all part of the irony which encloses Ignatius.   Apart from that I can recommend the book, if you are looking for an entertaining novel, which is an extraordinary piece of literture, because it presents the live of an extraordinary man, and can connive some needless lengths. You will certainly laugh out loud at some points!
0689835604|5.0|I had never heard of Karen Katz until I came across this book last Christmas and decided to buy it as a gift for my then 9-month old son. One of the best decisions I've ever made. He loves it just as much now (almost a year later) as he did when I first got it for him. I have no idea why this book tickles him so much, but anything that keeps him happy an laughing is a permanent hit with me. We've since purchased more books by Karen Katz and he enjoys them all, but \\"Where Is Baby's Belly Button\\" is by far his all-time favorite!
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|All the reviews of 300 have elaborated on its extensive CGI, and I'm someone that thinks computers are used way too much in movies already. But this one is different. Rather than using CGI to make things hyper-real, the approach here was to achieve an artistic vision. The \\"look\\" of the film is difficult to describe, and previous attempts to do so fail to explain how it perfectly suits the historical setting. Unlike many recent films, the CGI in 300 doesn't give the impression that it was used as an \\"easy way out\\". Far from it, the fabulous environment couldn't have been done any other way. A beautifully crafted film that looks great on Blu-Ray!
B000RG1FMO|5.0|I think this is a great cd. I liked every song from the beginning to the end.
B00064WSN2|4.0|Many folks criticize this 1970 album, citing it as a weak effort that simply regurgitates material found on the highly influential debut album In the Court of the Crimson King (1969).  I suppose that admittedly, this album does mirror the debut at times although there are some subtle differences.  In spite of the criticisms that have been leveled at this album, I still enjoy In the Wake of Poseidon just as much as any of the other albums released by Mr. Fripp and company during the 1969-1974 timeframe.<br /><br />The lineup at this point represents a slightly modified version of the first lineup and includes Robert Fripp (electric and acoustic guitars, mellotron, VCS3); Greg Lake (vocals); Michael Giles (drums and percussion); Peter Giles (electric bass guitar); Keith Tippett (piano); Mel Collins (saxophones and flute); Gordon Haskell (vocal on Cadence and Cascade); and Peter Sinfield (lyrics).  I think it goes without saying that all of these musicians are absolutely top shelf, with Michael and Peter forming an incredible rhythm section.  For those of you that are curious, following the dissolution of this lineup, Michael and Peter would go on to record the excellent album McDonald and Giles (1970), with former King Crimson member Ian McDonald (he played on the debut).  Lastly, Gordon Haskell would contribute lead vocals and play bass on the excellent follow-up album Lizard (also 1970).<br /><br />I suppose that I need to get this out of the way so here I go - the track Pictures of a City sounds a great deal like 21st Century Schizoid Man; In the Wake of Poseidon sounds a lot like In the Court of the Crimson King; Cadence and Cascade somewhat resembles I Talk to the Wind; and the three part The Devil's Triangle suite superficially resembles Moonchild, yet without the structureless sound collage found on Moonchild.  There are however, some important differences.  The dark and sinister suite The Devil's Triangle is loosely based on Gustav Holst's composition Mars (from The Planets) and is played predominantly on the mellotron (there is a snippet of In the Court of the Crimson King buried in there somewhere).  Cat Food is an absolutely manic piece, with some dazzling, avant-garde piano playing from Keith Tippett.  Finally, there are the quiet and acoustic Peace themes (A Beginning; A Theme; and An End) that are placed at the beginning, middle, and end of the album.<br /><br />The sound quality of this remastered album is excellent and the bonus tracks constitute worthwhile additions.<br /><br />I think that on the whole, while this album does quote heavily from the debut, there is enough in the way of really interesting compositions and excellent playing that it all balances out in the end.  Besides, I absolutely love the debut and it is quite possibly the most influential prog album ever released.  So, as far as I see it, quoting from it is a good thing.  As such, this album is recommended along with In the Court of the Crimson King; Lizard; Islands (1971); Larks Tongues in Aspic (1973); Starless and Bible Black (1974); Red (1974); and the live album USA (1975).  The album McDonald and Giles is also highly recommended.and is played predominantly on the mellotron (there is a snippet of In the Court of the Crimson King buried in there somewhere).  Cat Food is an absolutely manic piece, with some dazzling, avant-garde piano playing from Keith Tippett.  Finally, there are the quiet and acoustic Peace themes (A Beginning; A Theme; and An End) that are placed at the beginning, middle, and end of the album.      The sound quality of this remastered album is excellent and the bonus tracks constitute worthwhile additions.    I think that on the whole, while this album does quote heavily from the debut, there is enough in the way of really interesting compositions and excellent playing that it all balances out in the end.  Besides, I absolutely love the debut and it is quite possibly the most influential prog album ever released.  So, as far as I see it, quoting from it is a good thing.  As such, this album is recommended along with In the Court of the Crimson King; Lizard; Islands (1971); Larks Tongues in Aspic (1973); Starless and Bible Black (1974); Red (1974); and the live album USA (1975).  The album McDonald and Giles is also highly recommended.
B000H7JD4A|4.0|I recommend this album.  Quite a few time, and tempo changes throughout.  4/4 with tempo change between chorus and pre-chorus, 6/8 middle part w/ solo, and 15/8! on the Longest day.   7/8 main riff on Brighter than One Thousand suns.   Lots of ideas input by the entire band makes this one shine.  This is an interesting, solid album!
B000NA2BEU|5.0|I discovered Kristen Bell at a convention before my wife and I ever saw the series Veronica Mars.  We bought the first two seasons and had to go through them non stop as they are fantastic.  One of the best TV shows we have seen and we are in our seventies.  The third season is on order and we will watch Heroes just because of Ms. Bell.  Her film \\"Gracie's Choice\\" is also tops.
B000R4SMCW|3.0|There's a familiar bag of tricks at work in this 2007 courtroom-driven suspense thriller, and it goes beyond Anthony Hopkins' deliberate echo of Hannibal Lecter in his malevolently amusing performance as Ted Crawford, a wealthy and cuckolded industrial engineer. It involves the intricately plotted, marginally credible screenplay by Daniel Pyne and Glenn Gers, which reminds me of an old episode of [[ASIN:B000ND5HCK Columbo]]. That's not necessarily a bad thing since those Sunday night shows could be entertaining whodunits, but the derivative veneer of this movie purposefully shortchanges logic for contrived twists. In fact, the central conceit of the film is that we know Crawford shot his beautiful, adulterous wife point blank. The story is really about how he plans to get away with it and how young Willie Beachum, an ambitious and unflagging assistant D.A. bucks the odds and seeks the truth in this case.<br /><br />Giving away any more is unnecessary, as director Gregory Hoblit is no stranger to the courtroom giving us the equally twist-infested [[ASIN:6305127697 Primal Fear]] eleven years ago. While the twists are not as pronounced here, they also don't feel as hard-earned primarily because Crawford and Beachum feel more like movie archetypes than flesh-and-blood characters. This is where casting helps considerably since Hopkins can easily evince menace with minimal effort - a blank stare, veiled smirk, the delusion of befuddlement in the courtroom - before you can say [[ASIN:B000LP6KNU The Silence of the Lambs]]. Impressive in last year's [[ASIN:B000KX0IOK Half Nelson]], Ryan Gosling plays Beachum in a likeably braggadocio manner with a heavy Southern accent and a variety of idiosyncratic tics. It is his character that goes through something of an arc from accepting a high-paying job at an exclusive private firm to a personal catharsis over his crusade for justice.<br /><br />The two principal actors are well matched in their scenes together, even though one is a virtual replay of the one between Hopkins and Jodie Foster in [[ASIN:B000LP6KNU Lambs]]. The rest of the actors aren't given much leeway to provide any meaningful depth to their characters - David Strathairn, in a complete role reversal from this year's [[ASIN:B000VWYJ8G Bourne Ultimatum]], as Beachum's moral conscience and current boss, D.A. Joe Labruto; Billy Burke particularly lackluster as the indiscreet detective caught in the middle; Embeth Davidtz making her precious few moments count as Crawford's dissatisfied wife Jennifer; and former Bond girl Rosamund Pike as Nikki Gardner, Beachum's boss at his new firm. Her romantic relationship with Beachum seems like a particularly absurd plot convenience given the impropriety of a senior partner bedding an associate.<br /><br />The twisty ending satisfies for the obvious reason but is tethered in legal precedents that seem strangely arbitrary (pardon the pun). As part of its set of extras, the 2007 DVD contains two alternatives to the final ending, both making the inevitable a more Baroque-level experience that borders on silly. The other deleted scenes are of marginal interest including two extended variations on the romantic coupling between Gardner and Beachum. While a trailer is included, there is surprisingly no commentary track from either the director or the two principals. For what it's worth, the film is a fun ride for the undemanding because a moment's thought afterward will inevitably spoil your memory of it.f the one between Hopkins and Jodie Foster in [[ASIN:B000LP6KNU Lambs]]. The rest of the actors aren't given much leeway to provide any meaningful depth to their characters - David Strathairn, in a complete role reversal from this year's [[ASIN:B000VWYJ8G Bourne Ultimatum]], as Beachum's moral conscience and current boss, D.A. Joe Labruto; Billy Burke particularly lackluster as the indiscreet detective caught in the middle; Embeth Davidtz making her precious few moments count as Crawford's dissatisfied wife Jennifer; and former Bond girl Rosamund Pike as Nikki Gardner, Beachum's boss at his new firm. Her romantic relationship with Beachum seems like a particularly absurd plot convenience given the impropriety of a senior partner bedding an associate.    The twisty ending satisfies for the obvious reason but is tethered in legal precedents that seem strangely arbitrary (pardon the pun). As part of its set of extras, the 2007 DVD contains two alternatives to the final ending, both making the inevitable a more Baroque-level experience that borders on silly. The other deleted scenes are of marginal interest including two extended variations on the romantic coupling between Gardner and Beachum. While a trailer is included, there is surprisingly no commentary track from either the director or the two principals. For what it's worth, the film is a fun ride for the undemanding because a moment's thought afterward will inevitably spoil your memory of it.
B000A59PMO|5.0|I won't repeat what I wrote about the second season. I reviewed that as the first seson by mistake.   I'll just say that Veronica Mars is a top show that should still be on TV.  There is a movement to bring it back or to have a Veronica Mars films.  My wife and I are 100% for that.
B000P0J024|5.0|The coming together of these very famous and talented musicians seems so implausible.  The very fact that they did it, means the music must be listened to.  These talented gentlemen did not disappointment.  The music is highly reminiscent of an earlier period in Rock 'n Roll when it was much more listenable and pleasant to the ear. Many of the songs are also tinged with a good dose of humor or sarcasism, which is exactly what'd you'd expect to happen by a group of such clever artists. They obviously had a great deal of fun making these, and that comes across in their performances. Both the CD's are an absolute joy to listen to, and the DVD informs, entertains and delights in ways that are very hard to find these days.
B000JJSRNY|5.0|I enjoy many kinds of music and operas are amongst my favorites.  Placido Domingo is, as always, magnificent.  Rolando Villazon and Anna Netrebko are outstanding. Each of their voices brings out their distinctly individual characteristics, yet lends pure dynamics to their blending. This trio has brought this music to new heights. Bravo! Bravo! Bravo!
0783229526|5.0|Nothing against Las Vegas.  I've never been their actually.  But, given the rampant and uncontrolled unreality of the place, does a drug-addled tour through the place make it any more \\"unreal\\" or is it perhaps an interesting view of the entire bizarre scene?    He could have made the story about a couple of martians who went there for their vacation, but it wouldn't have been nearly as funny.  Besides, the martians wouldn't have blended in nearly as well at the police convention and would not have been able to contribute their twisted view of the spectacle...
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|If you've never heard of avenged sevenfold before, then start here. If you want a new musical direction, and a cd that possibly has everything, then start here. If you want something to blow you away everytime you listen to it, whether its one song on the album or the entire thing, then start here. This album is immense. It changed my life and my view on music. period. :) x
B000GIXEIG|1.0|Even the eye candy of Gerard Butler cannot save this miserable mess of a movie.  The action scenes are ridiculous, the dialog silly, and the pace boringly slow.  I actually fell asleep during it, which is a first for me, being a HUGE Gerard Butler fan. Gerard himself even seems fed up with the movie in the interview included in the DVD. If you love Gerard, better to pick one of his other films rather than waste your time and money on this one. This gets one star, only because Gerard is in it.
B000SNUMC0|1.0|I really respect iced earth and much of their earlier work.  I think A Question of Heaven is one of the greatest metal tracks ever made.  Those days are long gone.  Ripper Owens wasn't good with Judas Priest and with Iced Earth he is only marginally better sounding at times, thanks to the excellent mixing and mastering of this CD.      News to Iced Earth. Manowar, Metallica, and Iron Maiden have already made this type of music before. Do metal audiences need to hear it redone all over again?  The songs on Framing Armageddon sound all too similar to each other and is a rather big disappointment.  I expected the clouding to be an all powerful massive epic song and it was a dull, slow, and boring disappointment.     News to Ripper Owens.  Rob Halford and Ronnie James Dio invented your style of singing.  I even hear a bit of Axle Rose in Ripper's voice, like that is a good thing?  Axle's voice is like nails on a chalk board.  As a metal fan I don't really care to hear any cheap impressions, no matter how good you mix in the voice and layer it with chorus, it is still a poor quality rip off of 70s and 80s style singing.      Find a new singer and find new inspiration.
037582913X|5.0|I was very pleased with my purchase. It was exactly what I wanted and in the condition I expected.
0321344758|5.0|This is a very well-written, easy-to-read, info-packed book. The information is logically presented; the layout and design make it easy to find what you want. Well worth the money
0375805621|3.0|This book was fine for the price; however, it didn't surprise me that the sequel was not as good as the original! Had I been able to read this book prior to purchasing it, I would not have purchased it.
0743496728|4.0|Nineteen Minutes was released seemingly prophetically just before the Virginia Tech shootings.  In both situations, a bullied shooter finally snaps and goes on a shooting rampage through his campus.  But where the media stopped its coverage of the VA shooter's background, Picoult begins hers.    In true Picoult style, Peter's life is revealed to the reader through a \\"fishbowl narrative,\\" in which the reader peers into the story from the outside, and by the end can see the entire scenario.  The scenes Peter has with Josie are masterfully composed, delicate and tender paragraphs that demonstrate Picoult's insightful character depictions.  These scenes, therefore, are all too short and too rare--my only problem with the book.  Although Picoult attempts to ask the \\"big questions\\" about parenting, hatred, and justice, she never concocts something concrete off which to base those questions.  She falls for the temptation of a twist ending (admittedly a brilliant one), which makes the story less realistic and more just a good read.  By focusing on the plot rather than the raw situation, Picoult has created a compelling tale, but she has lost the opportunity to ask the big questions.  Nineteen Minutes is a perfect space in which to probe these issues in depth and perhaps provide some answers, but Picoult wastes her own space lightheartedly and spends time detailing irrelevant things like the police officer's love affair with the judge.  By the final page, the reader is frustrated that the chance to ask and then answer these questions was not seized.
B000GPIPSS|5.0|Although I have not actually seen this latest version, I grew up in the 30's and 40's saving my allowance up to go to the Frankenstein, Wolf Man, Dracula and Mummy movies. As soon as they were available on tape, I added them all to my video library. When Dracula was re-issued with the Philip Glass soundtrack I had to have it. One viewing was all I could take of the intrusive, repetitative, distractive \\"sound\\"track noise I could take. I was disappointed that a true classic such as this was subjected to a remake with this as a background. It was promptly donated to the local library. Where this latest version is \\"Glass Optional\\" I may again restore The Count to my library. I noticed one reviewer claim that the Glass soundtrack was OK, but they preferred the movie without it. Me too!!!<br />Well, that's my say on this and the previous remake of a fine classic. Happy neck biting, all and enjoy that glass of wine.
B00000BKDV|5.0|This gets 5 stars, because if you can't give something this good 5 stars, then you will never give anything 5 stars. The track \\"Revelations\\" is worth buying the cd alone. Or \\"the Trooper\\". The production quality is excellent, great tones. That incredible Maiden harmonization is running ramped through this whole cd. This is what it's all about. No weak tracks. These songs are legends that will live on. I just can't believe i never heard the song \\"Revelations\\" until i bought this cd. It's my new favorite Iron Maiden track. The bassline in it bring tears to my eyes. Yes i said it. You heard me. Revelations just makes me think about my past and all the trials and tribulations i've been through. I hope it does the same for you, if not, then you must be tone def. Pop this cd in and i can guarantee there will be a huge smile on your face instantly.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Kanye West is one of the most resected individuals in Hip Hop, he is a great producer and good lyricist. He has 2 classic albums prior to this one already so there were sum high expectations for this album from the fans (including myself). Kanye West did somewhat dissapoint in a way, but he still managed to release a great album which sold almost 1 million copies in its first week, so even tho it didn't get as much critical acclaim as his previous 2 albums, it did surpass his other albums commercially so this is considered a \\"3-PEAT\\" for Mr. West. The album is great with outstanding tracks, sum great tracks, sum decent tracks and also sum tracks that you will skip. Kanyes lyricism is good and the production on this album is alot more different than the other 2 album, its more poppy and technologic filled wit synthesizers, but its more catchy. If you liked Kanyes previous albums, then ur gonna like this.<br /><br />1) Good Morning 5/5 good start to the album<br />2) Champion 5/5<br />3) Stronger 4.5/5<br />4) I Wonder 5/5 my personal favorite on the album<br />5) Good Life feat. T-Pain 5/5<br />6) Can't Tell Me Nothing 4/5<br />7) Barry Bonds feat. Lil Wayne 3/5<br />8) Drunk and Hot Girls feat. Mos Def 3/5<br />9) Flashing Lightts feat. Dwele most catchy song on the album 5/5<br />10) Everything I Am feat. DJ Premier 5/5 Best song on the album<br />11) The Glory 4/5<br />12) Homecoming 4.5/5<br />13) Big Brother 5/5
B000EGCITG|5.0|This a great cd that is filled with many high energy songs that are really a blast to listen to when you are on the road.  Everyone who comes into my car is happy when this cd comes on.  And, we all agree that this is by far Pink's best album to date; however, we don't really listen to her previous work.  Buy this album--you'll love it for sure!
B000SO7OM0|5.0|a very good live performance. just an added collection to her already superb set of cds.
630419949X|5.0|Eraser brings to the screen the story of a US Marshal involved in the Federal witness protection program who is charged with the safety of a woman whose testimony could put some high ranking officials behind bars.  Things get a bit complicated though, when the high-ups fight back...  Arnold Schwarzenegger, Vanessa Williams (who is simply GORGEOUS!!!), Robert Pastorelli (whose character comes close to stealing the show), James Caan, James Coburn, Joe Viterelli, and the rest of the cast, have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are outstanding to say the least!  All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)! Very well written and very well presented, the movie is without a doubt guaranteed to provide more than just a few thrills.    A bit more \\"exposure\\" from Vanessa Williams and the film would be a solid 5!  The setting, the plot, the dialogues, the ACTION (!) and the music are all wonderful.  In conclusion, Eraser is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection if you are a Schwarzenegger fan.  4.5 Stars
0385340559|3.0|My enjoyment of the Jack Reacher novels is such that I actually purchased this hardcover. Anyone familiar with this type of novel recognizes that plot details are secondary to what has been called, \\"solidification of sequence\\". This novel is a shade less enjoyable than the rest. Is Mr.Child losing interest? Am I losing interest? Hard to say but this one comes up short. Of course Jack is still there. And I would still like to have him as a friend, although I come probably never find him if I needed him. By the way, isn't only owning the \\"clothes on his back\\" gimmick wearing a little thin. Jack,buy yourself a knapsack, a duffel bag, at least a brief case, and carry a change of socks. To those of us accustomed to changing clothing at least every day the idea of wearing them until they reek is not only unappealing but unrealistic. And, I have wondered, what the hell does Jack do when he takes the next bus to anywhere and gets there. What does he do, walk the streets? With no real money and clothes that stink his choices are somewhat limited. Seedy hotel rooms lose their charm after a while and there are only so many undeserving victims of cruel, powerful people out there to assist. Sure, it's great to read of him breaking the neck of some ruffian but walking back into the great outback of novel land, chucking it all so he can return next year to crack some more skulls does require the willing suspension of disbelief. Life must be awful boring between bouts with bad men. Jack, settle down, get a job, star in a tv series, marry that beautiful babe, put some roots down before old age catches up with you....and Mr. Child runs out of marginably credible adventures for you to participate. And, for cryin' out loud, change your clothes.
0743496728|2.0|Nineteen Minutes    It seems as though there isn't a family without problems in the town of Sterling, New Hampshire.  Jodi Picoult is an amazing author who brilliantly portrays the school shootings in a very personal level in her book Nineteen Minutes.  The book shows the perspectives and feelings of every character associated with the shooting including the shooter, Peter Houghton.  It delves into their pasts and uncovers secrets and reasons as to why many events have happened.   In Nineteen Minutes everyone feels like they're the ones to blame.  When the jocks of Sterling High were making fun of Peter Houghton they did not expect that they would be shot because of it.  However, that is exactly what happened and if they had not done their \\"part\\" in the bullying he most likely would not have been shot.  Their bullying and cruelty is described as \\"...Always sort of fun until you realize that something's getting hurt...you're the slug and they're holding the salt.  And they haven't developed a conscience\\"  (391).  The \\"they\\" of this quote are the bullies and jocks of the school and their actions, as shown by the author, had tremendous consequences on them and their friends.   Peter's parents, who also feel like they could have stopped Peter from going through with it; could have spent more time with Peter and tried to stop the bullying and that could have prevented the shooting.  Even after Peter's brother died they had a hard time comforting him because \\"[she, the mother] wasn't in any shape to help Peter\\" (419).  This simply means that they didn't comfort Peter.   Despite the guilt everyone this book has a lot more to offer.  The different viewpoints, and time periods in which different events take place make for one very interesting plot twist at the end.  It is highly recommended to anyone who enjoys real life problems and likes to see things from many different perspectives.
0452287588|5.0|Excellent presentation. Powerful knowledge. Mental toolkit for living life grounded in the now, where it happens. It is good.
B000EK76K8|4.0|I need an adapter to connect my monitor to my mac. The adapter could be longer, especially after spending $30 on the adapter. If you can find another non-apple adapter I would purchase it. The adapter works great though.
0156029065|4.0|If you have at least some background in medieval history, you will be able to get through Baudolino without too much trouble. If not, you will no doubt find this book esoteric, dense and impenetrable.    In a beseiged Constantinople in 1453, a wealthy man takes a grizzled con artist named Baudolino, into his home - a con artist who may or may not have been an advisor of the great Frederick Barbarossa, witha grand tale of a manic quest for the mythical priest-king Prester John. One is never sure of whether Baudolino is telling the truth, but in the end, it doesn't matter, as truth and falsehood seem to collapse into reality and Baudolino's most fantastic yarns earn verisimilitude. Along the way, we meet and come to love Baudolino's rag-tag group of lifelong friends who travel with him to the ends of the earth. A complex read, but for fans of Eco or intellectual thrillers, one that will prove satisfying and enjoyable.
B000089CJI|5.0|The Postal Service is a great band and Give Up really proves it. The CD is full of great songs. I recommend Give Up and any other Postal Service music to anyone who loves electronic/indie music. I can't wait for their next CD!!!
B000EWBKKI|5.0|Tras 16 años, esta película es capáz de mantenerse a la par con los grandes filmes actuales. La remasterización y optimización THX le hacen gran justicia al filme y al formato.    Por menos de 20 dólares, puedes hacerte con este clásico en el formato blu ray. Te aseguro que no te arrepentirás.        16 years has passed and this film holds to the nowadays blockbusters. THX remasteriation and optimization is a must and fair choice for this great film and the blu ray format.    Less than 20 greens are nothing compared with what you get. You won't regret it.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|This was one of the best movies I have ever seen!  Everyone I know who has seen it agrees.
B000GCFO0S|5.0|Solo eso: una de las mejores adapataciones de un juego clásico trasladada correctamente a un filme. Ojalá y todas las películas de videojuegos se hicieran con esta calidad en la producción.    Esta vez, el formato ofrece mas terror y efectos especiales que realmente aterran. Hasta ahora, mi película basada en videojuegos favorita.      As simple as that: one of the finest videogame film adaptation. i'd like that all videogame movies were made with this kind of production level.    Blu ray is scariest, horrifyng, making this my favorite videogame movie 'till now.
B0006A9FKA|1.0|Wow! I was excited to see this movie based on the trailers I had seen, what an incredible let down.  Not so much a comedy, I kept waiting to laugh and never did. Live and learn. It's just a movie but I wouldn't waste my money on this stinker.
B000OONTFU|5.0|I always liked the matrix movies...now I LOVE them, this is the dvd that I use to show off my 52\\" samsung LCD
B00005R8FI|5.0|This is my favorite John Mayall album. In the 70s I listened to it constantly. Live recordings have always been a favorite of mine, but this has the added sparkle and mellow mood that comes from a band that decided to skip the drum set altogther and create the pulsing rythm with Mayall's inspired harmonica playing. The rest of the instruments amp up the rythym, as well. The result is soothing, inovative and lively, just what I need to calm my nerves on my way home from work. This is pure music, no gimicks, that sounds as fresh today as it did back when. I'm not crazy about the bonus tracks as the original collection is flawless, and the extra tracks seem a bit uneven in quality. This is still one of my all-time favorite albums and perfect for feeling cool and mellow. You are missing an important album for your collection if you don't have this in it, if you're a blues fan.
0735619670|4.0|If you're looking for a humorous, clever tome about coding, this is not your book. If, however, you are looking for thorough, well laid out, research-backed coding solutions and advice, then this book is an excellent addition to your library. The examples are based upon C, but suggestions are readily understandable by coders using any OOP compiler.
B000O75F7C|5.0|The song number three, \\"Anesthetize\\", is  a masterpiece, absolutely!  Listen it! For me, the song of the year, better than Dream Theater Chaos´songs.
B000000WHC|5.0|this is probably Gary's best blues CD and my favorite. He still had that unmistakable GM fire in his playing. I'm sure the blues purists think he's too loud and too fast on this disc to be considered a blues man, boo hoo!! Gary plays like this because he can and I for one love it! This CD is full of Gary's trademark fire and passion. And his solo on the track Still Got The Blues is simply superb, great tone, vibrato and feel. If I was going to get only one Gary Moore blues disc it would be this one followed closely by After Hours. There are some guest appearances by the great Albert Collins and Albert King. I will always prefer the Gary Moore that slashed and burned on the Victims Of The Future and Corridors of Power discs but his playing on this disc still packs a punch. Shame his success in the U.S. can't match what it is in the U.K.<br />[...]
1582701709|4.0|The Secret is a wonderful book for those who are new to the law of attraction. For the more advanced spiritual student it will be a good review of the process. A good tool to keep you focused on creating what you want. It has been a life changing book for many. I own a retreat center in Sedona, Arizona and have all of our retreat guests watch the movie and the book is available for reference. I do find it a good reference book for those who are beginning their spiritual awakening. Annie Lawrence author of Love's Secret Live Your Life In Love.
B000K7VHJQ|1.0|What can I say? As an unorthodox Christian myself, on the one hand, you could say this was a stark, innovative movie about the final hours of arguably the most important man in our history. On the other, you could say what on earth was Gibson thinking? I nearly came to blows with a born-again \\"Christian\\" colleague because I said this was exploitative garbage. Prior to this film, he and his chums had only Cliff Richard to fly the flag, so they were desperate for someone to notice them. Unless all the actors did it for free and every penny was donated to charity, this is blasphemous exploitation. After having been assaulted by the awful \\"Braveheart\\" and \\"The Patriot\\", the only thing that really surprised me was that Gibson didn't have the Jews and Romans speaking with perfect English accents, with  Jim Caveziel Riverdancing to the cross in an Irish brogue and half his face painted blue, whilst waving the Stars and Stripes. Perhaps that will come with the sequel, \\"the Passion of the Patriotheart\\". I could go on. Ho-hum.<br />Baby Cromwell, England<br /><br />Addition on the 8th Feb:<br /><br />Oh, for Heaven's sake! It was a perfectly honest and (I like to think) intelligent review. The only difference was I have enough respect for the subject matter not to applaud the \\"Gibson treatment\\" it was given. I stand by my review. Though not perfect, I found Zefferelli's \\"Jesus Of Nazareth\\" infinitely superior and moving.<br /><br />Kindly stop hitting the 'not helpful' buttons and running away like cowards. If anyone has a genuine and helpful comment, let me know. I might like to read it. If you actually have something to tell me, I might (you never know) revise my opinion. Otherwise, you are just turning it into a nasty little 'popularity' vote, aren't you?<br /><br />Let's just hope Gibson doesn't convert to 'another' religion, eh?<br /><br />Yours,<br /><br />Baby Cromwell
B000SW4DLM|3.0|This film has a vision of where we may be headed, pollution, crowding, melding of languages and cultures.  Still large corporations wield an enormous amount of power. The focus though is on the characters and what it means to have a shortened life and always live in fear of being hunted. Besides the characters the mood and bleak futuristic world are the stars.  As much as I like the film I was hoping for more extras, especially with several discs.  5 stars for the film, 2 stars for the dvd version.
0743496728|3.0|Nineteen Minutes was a selection for our book club.  It's very intense but like so many other books that are out there now, it seems easier to write about misery and sadness and disconnect more than ever before.  With that being said, I imagine its purpose was to remind us that things like this can and do happen and it was helpful to look at all sides of such a tragic situation. I would highly recommend that students and school faculty read this book.
B000PY52EU|4.0|The talented Samuel L. Jackson and Christina Ricci both shine brightly as the main characters in the unlikely union of two abandoned individuals in the Craig Brewer directed drama, \\"Black Snake Moan\\".<br /><br />Jackson stars as religious Southern farmer and erstwhile blues guitarist Lazarus who has been cuckolded by his wife for his brother.  Jackson finds the severely beaten, half naked Ricci lying unconscious beside the road near his house.  Ricci playing the lewd, lascivious town trollop Rae has been for years subjected to physical and sexual abuse.  She'd also been abandoned by ber boyfriend, the anxiety ridden Ronnie played nicely by Justin Timberlake.<br /><br />Jackson takes Ricci in determined to heal her and also exorcise the demons within her making her nymphomaniacal.  Chaining her to the radiator he along with lifelong friend and preacher Reverend R.L. played by John Cothran Jr. strive to use religion to cure Ricci.<br /><br />Ricci and Jackson provide each other with solace and rejuvenation as Jackson once again picks up his long forgotten guitar and Ricci is on her way towards normalcy in her life.<br /><br />The movie which ended in satisfying but incredulous fashion provided for closure in the revitalization of two potential wasted lives.
B000Q9IZ5C|4.0|A friend had given me the plain edition of Serenity knowing I loved all things Whedon, so I didn't mind paying for the souped up edition.  However, I shouldn't have bothered.  Not that the extras aren't fine, but they aren't worth a second purchase if you already have the original.  Nonetheless, it's still a remarkable pleasure to watch any version of this film.
006085880X|3.0|The Golds and Hartes are neighbors, good friends, and absolutely thrilled when their children Emily and Chris fall in love. The teens are inseparable, but when Emily is found dead of a gunshot wound to the head, Chris is charged with her murder. He says it was a suicide pact that he was unable to complete. His trial and the disintegration of the Golds and Hartes' friendship ensue.      The rest of this review deals with characters' actions, so it's a bit spoiler-ish and you may not want to read this review if you only know the basics of what this book is about. (I don't spoil the ending below, though).     This was my first Jodi Picoult book, and I got wrapped up in the story right away. When I finished it, though, there were many things about the main characters that bother me and kind of make it hard for me to give this book a 4 or 5-star rating.     It frankly is just very hard to swallow that Chris would not only fail to tell anyone about Emily's suicidal thoughts, but also that he would assist her and bring the gun to the carousel, all the time hoping that he would be able to \\"stop\\" her. That, even though he had been unable to convince her for the weeks or months to drop this plan, maybe in the last moment he might be able to say a magic word that would all of a sudden change her mind. Though I absolutely love her writing, the thing with some of Jodi Picoult's characters is that they have to do absolutely stupid things to get into the situations they get into, and it is hard to sympathize with the protagonist when they've just behaved with no wisdom or reason. It is hard to buy the story when the character's actions are plot-driven and not character-driven. As others have said, Chris seems to be reasonable and responsible in most other ways.     It is also hard to sympathize with Chris when he is pressuring a hesitant Emily to have sex with him. I am just not feeling the love of this \\"love story,\\" as the book is sub-titled, when the boy pressures the girl to sleep with him, the girl sees the boy as more of a brother or cousin than a lover, and the boy does nothing to help the girl when she's suicidal except eventually contribute to her actually succeeding in the suicide. I do not see that as romantic or something that involves actual love. Ultimately, maybe Emily felt she was better off dead, but the disaster she left behind showed that she selfishly had little care for what her suicide would do to anyone else, least of all Chris.    That being said, Picoult is such a good writer, and she definitely deserves kudos for the topics she tackles. I think she did a good job of showing different sides to teen suicide. Chris was just a protagonist I found hard to sympathize with.
1594200823|5.0|I am very pleased with the product.  It came on-time and was in perfect condition.
B000BNTM96|5.0|This is a great live dvd/cd. According to the sticker on the cover it is an exact recording of a 2005 show in london. No edits, overdubs, backtracking or any other studio magic has been applied to this raw recording. The dvd is quite long and the cd takes 14 highlights from the show and puts them to cd to listen to when you dont want to watch. One of the best live albums/dvds I've heard in a long time.
0393324818|5.0|Michael Lewis's \\"Moneyball\\" tells the incredible story of how rationality was brought to bear on the management of a Major League Baseball team, the Oakland A's. By rationality I mean that the A's made staffing decisions based not on the gut feelings of their scouts, but on objective evidence that allowed them to predict how much each potential player could be expected to contribute to a winning season. You'd think every team in MLB would be run that way, but there you'd be very wrong.    At it's heart, \\"Moneyball\\" is the story of the clash within MLB between the insiders (the coaches, scouts, and managers that use traditional \\"soft\\" measures to evaluate players) and the sabermetricians (those who base players' worth solely on hard statistics that correlate with their ability to win baseball games). The A's general manager, Billy Beane, and his assistant, Paul DePodesta, were the first MLB insiders to adopt sabermetrics, a scientific approach to baseball invented by Bill James in the late 1970's. What sets the A's front office apart is that they saw the value of sabermetrics, adopted it as their sole criterion for picking players, and somehow managed to force it on the rest of their organization. Lewis shows how this approach allowed the A's to sign players that all the other teams were uninterested in at incredibly low prices. Yet despite their low payroll, the A's achieved win/loss records comparable to teams spending three or more times as much.    Based on the book's afterward and some of the other reviews I've read here, I think a lot of people have missed the book's main point. It's not that Billy Beane and his assistants invented sabermetrics, that they have found a guaranteed way to win, or even that all the players they picked should be expected to become stars. Rather, \\"Moneyball\\" makes a compelling argument that their approach allows them to exploit the inefficiencies of the market to staff a team that has the highest likelihood of winning given the relatively limited dollars available for players' salaries. Baseball is a game of odds. Beane and company have simply found a way to maximize the expected wins-per-dollar ratio.    I'm no baseball fan, but I found \\"Moneyball\\" engrossing. I learned a lot from this book -- not only about baseball, but also about the often irrational ways people assign value to things. Perhaps due to his own Wall Street background (see [[ASIN:0140143459 Liar's Poker: Rising Through the Wreckage on Wall Street]]), Lewis draws illuminating analogies between financial markets and the market for baseball players.    This is the book that should have changed Major League Baseball, but instead the baseball establishment reacted with outrage and derision. How irrational.
B000B5OD4I|4.0|This watch is fantastic.  The only drawback is the weak band, it is too light and does not feel as substantial as the watch itself.  Other than that do not waste your money on a more expensive diver, the watch can easily be worn as a dress watch.  All around best buy.
B000OPOANE|5.0|The album itself is excellent.  Give it a few (10 or 20) listens before passing judgment.  There is a lot of 3/4 time on the album, so it takes a while to really *get* the melodies, and there is some fantastic musical work on this album.  For example, it took some concentrating to really get a feel for the melody in Armor and Sword, but now it's totally natural and one of my favorites.  Lots of excellent musical details.  As for the value-added packaging, the making-of video is worth the price of admission.  If I were forced to make a choice, I'd get the MVI, since it has everything the CD has, plus more, and it sounds excellent on a surround sound system.
0802136834|5.0|I haven't been a big history buff in the past (no pun intended) but after seeing a glimpse of a documentary on Henry VIII, I was curious.  This book was GREAT!  I simply couldn't put it down and lugged the big book with me on the bus, on planes, etc.  In fact, it inspired me to continue reading up on the Tudors.  Highly recommended!
B000024C7W|3.0|This is a Soundtrack CD very few people ever saw this movie; mostly instrumental, with few vocal tracks; Difficult to decide what to make of that album and how to rate it..<br />However, due to his previous releases, SW was very hot at the time and everyone bought this album back in 1979.<br />I just bought it again on CD; simply because it's a rare CD to find and also because I am a big fan of Stevie Wonder; If you are not a CD collector or a new fan of this great artist, try instead:<br />1. Talking Book<br />2. Innervisions<br />3. Songs in the Key of life.
0763619612|4.0|I'm a middle school art teacher.  I read the book to every class on the first day.  Then, I gave them a few different media to use, (watercolor, oil pastels, markers) and asked them to \\"make a dot and see where it takes you\\"  We made two rules, you had to know where your original dot was and you had to work for 15 minutes.  The results are great and we are off to a great start.  I also own ISH by the same author and use it a little later in the semester.
B000RJO578|5.0|When I lived in England in the late 70's a popular phrase for something that would work out just right was \\"Magic\\".<br />If you enjoy satire, and or British humor, and aren't offended by TERRIBLE language, then this is a fabulous send up of the \\"Action / Cop/ Buddy\\" genre of film.<br /><br />If you enjoyed what these blokes did to the \\"Zombie\\" genre in \\"Shaun of the Dead\\"  you should love this movie, which starts abit slower, but when it gets going... Magic!
B000R7HY0K|5.0|I saw the full Grindhouse Version in the movie theaters, and contrary to other people I've heard from, I loved \\"Death Proof\\" way more than \\"Planet Terror\\". Terror was no doubt packed full of the craziest action and hilarious scenes but feels long and gets overwhelming towards the end. At least that's how it felt to me personally. However, \\"Death Proof\\" has so much style and the pay off at the end is tremendous. It's the most fun I've had at the movies since Jackass 2. The opening sequence of \\"Death Proof\\" was filmed in such a cool yet simple way. I loved the way Tarantino used the music and the low shots of the woman character's legs walking. I'm not saying it was technically good or anything else some film boy will scold me for implying. I'm just saying I thought the whole style of the film was, not only of course very Tarantino, but also just had such a cool style and flair to it.<br /><br />I just purchased the DVD through Amazon and I'm looking forward to getting into the special features. It has over 5 Behind the Scene videos that I'm sure Tarantino packed with entertaining material. I do want the trailers and \\"Planet Terror\\" as one whole package just like other people on here complaining, but I'm cool with waiting to see those portions of Grindhouse once they are released together as a whole experience again in the future. Which I'm pretty sure they are going to do just wait. If you wanna see \\"Planet Terror\\" before then just rent it from Netflix. That's what I'm gonna do.
0743496728|1.0|Jodi Picoult, an author of teenage fiction, does not know what a teenager is. Her most recent book, Nineteen Minutes, is five hundred pages of stereotypes, sex, abuse, abortion, bullying, school shootings, single mothers, homosexuality, and suicide. How does she fit all of these issues into one book? The answer is, with unnecessary and dropped plots. It is the story of a girl, Josie, and of an ex-friend, Peter, and how he grows up to become the resentful killer he is. Jodi Picoult tries to give an insight into the mind of a murderer, how he was affected by those around him and how he influenced others. But she took on too great a task, carried too heavy a load, and her arms have fallen off leaving nothing but awkwardly scattered words bound together between two covers.   Jumping back and forth between past and present, Nineteen Minutes looks through several peoples lives who have connections to the school shooting. Every chapter opens with a small part of a cliche letter, assumed to be from Peter, the shooter. It goes slowly through Peter's life, Josie's life, and the lives of several other students affected. While surprising the reader at the end of the book, most of the book can be easily surmised before it happens.    Picoult wastes no time getting down to business with what she thinks every teenager is going through. By the tenth page she has already introduced the idea that Josie is going to commit suicide, but she drops this plot quickly. There are several subplots that are also quite irrelevant. The love interest between the detective of the school shooting, Patrick, and Josie's mother, Alex, does not affect the author's purpose or the main story. It doesn't add to the book in any way, except for adding to the amount of stories and people you need to follow and remember.   Nineteen Minutes tries to use the vernacular of teenagers in the present setting so they will relate to it, but no one honestly uses \\"Brangelina\\" or thinks that the most popular music is \\"Dashboard Confessional and Death Cab For Cutie\\". Picoult tries too hard to connect to those reading her book. What she doesn't realize is that it is overwhelming to read a book so packed full of difficult issues.   Nineteen Minutes is possibly a bad introduction to Jodi Picoult. Perhaps some of her other novels such as The Tenth Circle and Vanishing Acts don't include an overpowering amount of plots and ideas to deal with. But the first impression of Jodi Picoult is a woman in over her head with issues and feelings that she doesn't understand.
B000RJO578|4.0|Simon Pegg is a hoot as Sergeant Nicholas Angel, a Metropolitan copper so good at his job, he makes everyone else look bad. He's transferred to the supposedly quiet village of Sandford, Gloucestershire as punishment for his success -- where, of course, he stumbles onto a series of murders made to look like accidents and can't get the local constabulary to take him seriously. But everything changes when he puts on the dark glasses and puts the hammer down. From there, it's an unbelievable mix of shoot-outs, car chases, slo-mo action, and numerous similar homages to the films of John Woo and others. It's unusual for a film to be successful as both a high-octane action flick AND a dryly hilarious comedy, but this one manages it.
B000059XUO|5.0|This is the original based from the comic by James O'Barr.  This is the only one worth watching the following sequels are a joke. Brandon Lee is spectacular. A gothic love story, a beautiful, endearing character, and a love that stands up to death.
1556347308|5.0|GURPS is one of the most, truly, generic systems around... and that's no suprise since it's the first.  In this fourth edition, SJ games brings to bear their 20+ years of experience with this system and delivers an excellent addition to the GURPS line.  The system is fully able to be employed in any genre from fantasy, science-fiction or horror and it flexible enough for even the most creative of gamers.  If it has any weaknesses they would be:  1.  too many  options:  some gamers might be overwhelmed by the number of options available.  Keep in mind that the game can be as simple or as complex as you like.  2.  all of the \\"flavor\\" is on you:  GURPS (since it is generic...duh) is not set up to convey flavor through the design of its character sheets, the naming of abilities or the graphics in the books.  Flavor is ALL up to the game-mast    ... on the otherhand, perhaps those are strengths.
B00005ABIP|5.0|Cake is great, what can I say? And this cd has one of my favorites, \\"You Turn the Screws\\".
1404309721|5.0|The setting is the star of Arthur Conan Doyle's atmospheric \\"The Hound of the Baskervilles,\\" his most popular Sherlock Holmes story.  With its barren fog-shrouded wastes, Neolithic ruins, and the treacherous Grimpen Mire, the bleak moor Doyle describes in such delicious detail is the ideal background for a creepy Gothic mystery.  Does a cursed hellhound stalk the last heir to the Baskerville fortune?  Only Sherlock Holmes can answer that, but for a good portion of the novel Watson is left to investigate on his own.  The absence of the hyper-rational detective allows the supernatural mystique of this puzzle to develop without distraction before the master detective steps in to dispel the mystery.  This is an uncommonly fun read.
B000A2H812|5.0|After seeing GoGo Bordello on Conan O'Brian I immediately loved them. This cd is different and fun to listen to. I love the Russian language and mixing that accent with punk, blissful. Great lyrics too. I highly recommend it.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|Yes it sucks they are releasing Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez's films separately.  And yes it sucks most of us will more than likely end up shelling out more dough for either the theatrical version of \\"Grindhouse,\\" or some form of special edition package that, even if doesn't recombine the films the way they were in their glorious theatrical release, combines these two movies in some fashion - and gives us back the faux trailers, which were just as much a reason to see \\"Grindhouse\\" as either of the films themselves.      \\"Grindhouse\\" was an experience.  That was the whole point of the project.  Bigger than just seeing a double feature, the creators wanted their audience to experience the exploitation pictures of the 70s, many of which inspired them to become the directors they are today, in all their over-the-top glory.      Because the film was too long, too violent and released on Easter weekend, people just didn't get it, didn't want to see a couple of grainy, odd 70's exploitation style flicks (they weren't hits then either, and that's the whole point), it was rated `R' and largely off-limits to its target audience, or because the promos for the film so heavily focused on something as admittedly strange as a stripper with a machine gun leg - there are several theories - \\"Grindhouse\\" disappointed in theatres.      It is perhaps because of that we are now getting the films released separately and the experience has been, for the most part, broken up and abandoned.  Gone are those terrific trailers, though they admittedly would have seemed out of place as individual special features on just one the films; and gone is the thrill of what was a three-plus-hour, down and dirty, drive in spectacular.  Who knows if this decision was meant to recoup lost funds in order to release more versions down the road, or if the two films were always planned to live on their own after theaters, like any film that was part of a double feature during its theatrical release.As I said, this is not the way I would prefer to relive \\"Grindhouse,\\" and I sympathize with those who would bash these two DVDs because releasing them separately not only distorts and truncates the experience, but this decision feels like it will ultimately prove to be a cash-grab by the studio when, six months down the line, they decide to release another version.  But the fact is, the \\"Grindhouse\\" films are still great and work well on their own.  Just because they are no longer a double feature doesn't mean each doesn't accomplish what it sets out to do expertly well. And realistically, this type of separate release makes sense in that these really are two separate films, not one long one.  But I loved \\"Grindhouse\\" in its entirety so much that I was looking forward to reliving the experience over and over, and I envisioned it becoming one of those staple movies the next generation watches behind their parents backs during sleep-overs and such.    Well, shoulda, woulda, coulda.  That's not the way, at least for now, the films will be released.  And my own hopes for the film's legacy are not what I am supposed to be reviewing.    Nearly as much as debating this releasing format, people have been debating which half of \\"Grindhouse\\" is the best - Tarantino's or Rodriguez's.  I will admit right off that I found much more to savor, as I always do, in Tarantino's film, \\"Death Proof\\".  Some have dismissed it as too talky or too boring or not the \\"slasher\\" film it was presented to be (though I don't recall being promised anything specific from the movie before its release).  It is first and foremost a hot rod thriller ala \\"Vanishing Point\\".  Cars, stunts, menacing characters - both evil and anti-heroes - and thrilling chases are the point of this vehicle.  As usual Tarantino doesn't just mimic the films and filmmakers he idolizes, but he raises the bar and does all the old stuff in a new, interesting and many times in a shockingly audacious way.  And the stunts in this flick are not only spectacular, but they are real; and I'll take that over CGI and camera trickery any day.    Which brings us to \\"Planet Terror.\\"    Yes Robert Rodriguez's \\"Planet Terror\\" is the flashier, showier, more action-packed entry here, and just because I'm in the \\"Death Proof\\" camp doesn't mean I didn't love what Rodriguz did with this zombie throwback.  As both spectacle and parody, \\"Planet Terror\\" is big, loud and fun.  It has a great cast, some surprising cameos, and tons of great lines.  I think the problem I had with \\"Planet Terror\\" is that it was a zombie movie.  Not because it is a zombie movie (I love zombie movies), but because there have been so many lately and a lot of them have already been presented in a hip, self-winking manor as if they were already sending up old-school, schlocky 70's zombie movies.  Because of that, I always felt like I knew where \\"Planet Terror\\" was going and I was never that thrilled or gripped with suspense.  The movie managed to have some big surprises here and there and plenty of individual great scenes and moments.  I would never call it dull, or bad, uninteresting or anything other than expertly done - as I said, I liked this film too, it's just that by comparison, I think Tarantino offered up the more interesting film.     But, to each his own.  The criticisms for films like this - and with the goals these guys have in mind, which is really to deliver a piece of hopped-up nostalgia - are relative and negligible.  Too criticize \\"Planet Terror\\" for some of the things I did one could argue is missing the point.  The whole reason for these movies is to honor and revisit the over-the-top junk that these films were.  It that regard - and in terms pure entertainment and bang for the buck - these films both out do themselves.  But, as they say, I likes what I likes and \\"Death Proof\\" was more my style.  More ambitious and less obvious in its thrills, the movie builds a sense of dread and it gets that feeling of 70s cinemajust right, from the opening shot and title cards, to its gasp-educing, thrillingly abrupt conclusion.  Kurt Russel is flat-out fantastic and real-life Tarantino stunt-woman Zoe Bell is a discovery and revelation.  As always with QT, this movie is dialog-heavy.  I savor his stuff.  If you don't, I can see why the movie may play like less than the sum of its parts for you.  But I love juicy dialog as much as I love the blood and goo that spills and flies out of bodies in movies like \\"Planet Terror.\\"    And that is the genius here.      By giving us both sides of the coin - two major types and examples of 70s exploitation cinema - \\"Grindhouse\\" delivered on both a promise and a concept.  No two directors were more suited for the task, and it likely would have failed with any others at the helm.  Now that QT and RR have laid the blueprint, I look forward to seeing what other genre-dabbling directors could do with similar material (like all the guys who contributed those terrific afore-motioned fake trailers - I would definitely pay to see full-film versions of \\"Machete,\\" \\"Thanksgiving,\\" and \\"Nazi Werewolves of the S.S.\\").  Sadly, because the films are now split, some of you may not feel the same excitement (and if you didn't see it theatres, for now at least, you won't see any of these trailers).    But rest assured, even separated, if you pick up either \\"Death Proof\\" or \\"Planet Terror\\" - preferably both (and assuming you know what you are getting into and what these two visionary directors are trying to do) you are in for one hell of ride.  For true film fans or just those in search of something daring, original, and way too entertaining, to miss these two films, or in the case of the fans boycotting their separation:  to avoid buying these two films, is to miss out on a great film experience.  Sure the real experience was better, but buying these separate is hardly a rip-off.  First, both come in jam-packed, two-disc sets with all kinds of bells and whistles, including deleted scenes.  And speaking of deleted scenes, since about a half an hour of each film had to be cut for the theatrical release, had they just released \\"Grindhouse\\" as we knew it, we would not be seeing the films in their intended entirety.      I don't know if that makes up for separating the two, but it is reason enough for fans of these films to rejoice.  Face it.  Had they released \\"Grindhouse\\" as we knew and loved it, we would still want to see the individual movies in their entirety, so most likely we would have wound up buying two products somewhere along the line anyway. I'm actually hoping somewhere down the line I do indeed get that chance.  No I don't want to see three or four more DVD releases of the individual films, but I'll spend some money on these as they are, for what they are, and the entire \\"Grindhouse\\" someday.    Here's to hoping we get that chance.
B000067FP7|3.0|I remember seeing this movie when I was little, and Gizmo was all I really remembered of it, I'm glad. This movie is actually really poorly written, but the gremlins are just so cute you forget. Watch out though, I bought this for my daughter and there is a scene in it where the kids are talking about why they don't believe in Santa. My daughter is 4 she didn't really catch it, but any older and you could have a discussion you don't want to have on your hands.
B000R7HY0K|4.0|Loved it, loved it, loved it! People looking for a plot just didn't get it. Hello...missing second reel, get it?<br />That said let me state that I'll wait for the \\"complete\\" movie. What I saw in the moviehouse is what I want on dvd!
B000CNE092|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater and instantly loved it. Great songs, great story, great characters. And, of course John Cusack. But, above all Bartok the bat steals the show. I love bats and this one is albino and Russian. He is the slave pet of Rasputin, what couldn't you love about this movie?
0743496728|4.0|Traumatized Josie tries desperately to pull away from her overprotective mother while concealing her secrets and contemplating her sudden ascent to the top of the social totem pole.  She rotates between grieving girlfriend, guilty contributor to Peter's miserable life, and generally moody teen.  Her mother, Judge Alex Cormier, starts out as simultaneously a composed judge and a frantic mother, but becomes the caring, if awkward mom that Josie needs when she is forced off of the Sterling High school shooting case.  She struggles to connect to her daughter which is triply hard as Josie is not only a teenager, but an emotionally scarred teen with a seventeen year long history of a weak relationship with Alex.  At the same time, Lacy Houghton, Peter's mother and a dedicated midwife, tries to come to terms with her son's social misconduct.  From her first moment of horror when she realizes that her son is a predator, to her last gaping struggle to prove that he is also the biggest victim, she shows blanket emotions, not as dynamic as the other main characters.  Her confusion is pure, her sweetness intentional, and her tears constant and unrehearsed.  While not as well-rounded as the other characters, she plays an important role: that of the guilt-ridden mother.     The setting contributes to the book's purpose in a compelling way.  In this day and age where school shootings are common enough that violent children are watched carefully by those who know to pay attention, the small-town setting really gets to people.  Schools get shot up in many different places, but in a small town, it may be less publicized, but those in the vicinity lose many people close to them.  There is also the fact that everybody knew the shooter, any one could have contributed to the anger, or could have tried to stop it.  There is no person left out of the responsibility as everybody is close enough to make a difference.  This book digs into the hearts of those who reside in small towns, and those who know violent people.  Through setting and well-rounded characters, Jodi Picoult pulls off an adult-level teen drama which encapsulates the reader so completely that s/he is still raving about it days later.  It is a sophisticated, chilling, and eye-opening experience to read and brings a whole new sense of reality to mass violence in all situations.
B00070Q7VO|5.0|Okay, so I love crooners, jazz, blues, male or female. I have Diana Krall, Madeleine Peyroux, Harry Connick Jr. Jamie Cullum, etc. I thought \\"Can this Michael Buble guy be any different?\\" Yeah, he is. Don't compare him to Sinatra. That he is not, but he is something totally new. I think of him more of a lounge singer. Very velvety voice and great song choices on this cd. I especially love the first song \\"Feeling Good\\" it reels you in nicely.
0780020685|5.0|There are many accolades and volumes of in depth analysis for this film, so my review will be short.    The good: Strong, weak, sad, wise, frail, crazy, calm, etc; the full gamut of characters that really work together to twist complex situations. The story keeps you guessing first time. It is timeless and the subitles did not bother me...because the pace of the movie is easy enough to keep up with reading but also watching.     The bad: It can move too slow at times and I had to break up the film and view over two nights.    Conclusion: This is a movie I will watch again, probably a few times if lucky.
B000FVQYYK|5.0|Bought their first cd, loved it. I thought can they do it again? Yep! Very good cd, great lyrics, political, but great.
0553062182|5.0|As a healer (and being an HSP myself) this book has become an invaluable \\"tool\\" to \\"analyze\\" people \\"searching\\" for their true selves...    For a healer it is absolutely essential to have an understanding of HSP personalities - their \\"gifts\\" - the rewards and advantages they have in life (if they are aware of their personality trait..!) but also the problems that 15 % of the entire population on earth have/will encounter in their lives.    You cannot truly heal someone without the understanding of their subconscious mindset..!    This is one of the reasons why this book is completely invaluable for any healer, HSP's or family and friends to HSP personalities!              \\"I KNOW that THIS BOOK HAS and WILL SAVE MANY LIVES!!!\\"    (Unnecessary suicides, able to be medically treated/\\"healed\\" - in short it gives the person inner harmony, self insight and the ability to use this extraordinary \\"GIFT\\" to the benefit of themselves and people around them...)    If you have a family member, a friend or you yourself - that can be regarded as withdrawn & quiet, often is in need of being alone, has hard to deal with to many impressions at once (becomes \\"overwhelmed\\") - BUY THIS BOOK - see my honest quote above...     Mats Fondelius - CEO
B000007ODX|5.0|My favorite piano pieces, the Nocturnes. This cd has 2 whole discs of Chopin's greatest.
B00006879E|4.0|I have recently become a fan of Maroon 5.  I purchased \\"It won't be soon before long\\" and it is a great cd.    As a result of that purchase, I bought \\"songs about jane.\\"  I do like \\"songs about jane\\" but I prefer their second cd \\"It won't be soon before long.\\"     jimmy
B00005JOFQ|4.0|Too many people focused on the supposed homosexual content. To my dismay I could not figure out what all the big fuss was about. I emphasised with these characters as I or anyone who has ever been in a relationship could feel their pain. Jack (Jake Gyllenhaal) is the one who wants to throw it all out there and go for it, he's not afraid to say 'I Love You'. Ennis (Heath Ledger) is reserved and can't allow his head to follow his heart. That sounds awfully like traits that heterosexual people have too. Ang Lee does an absolutely fantastic job with his character's development and the astounding scenery in which this all happens. The bond that both of our lead characters have is truly beautiful and pure. 1963, mid America, work is scarce and two farmhands are hired to tend to sheep on a remote mountain. I believe everybody who hasn't seen the film know the rest. The character driven story is held by a tremendous young cast of actors. Gyllenhaal puts himself up there to become a great leading man in Hollywood, Anne Hathaway has become the new Reese Witherspoon and in time assuming she stays on track will become a leading force. Michelle Williams has left James Van Der Beek crying into his Pillow back in Dawson's Creek as she has now come into her own. Finally Heath Ledger, by far one of the most powerful performances he has ever produced. A complex, engrossing portrayal, Ennis presents himself as a more conventional male stereotype than Jack, so the tension between his masculinity and his sexuality is all the more demanding. A career best from nearly the whole cast.
B0007G89G4|2.0|Stand By Me is a great movie with solid performances all around including several future stars like Kiefer Sutherland and River Phoenix, in one of his final roles.  It is truly a excellent adaptation of Stephen King's \\"The Body\\".  However, I can't believe they even bother making DVDs (especially \\"Deluxe\\" editions) without including a 5.1 dolby digital audio track or even better, a DTS digital audio track.  This edition of the movie only qualifies as a 2 star because of the ridiculous mono soundtrack.  What were they thinking?  What a joke, the soundtrack CD has better quality sound!  A fun movie which would have been 4 stars with a decent audio transfer.
B0000041Q3|5.0|Joan Sutherland gives an intensely revealing and appealing interpretation, making the icy princess far more human and sympathetic than ever before, while Pavorotti gives a performance equally imaginative, beautiful in souund, strong on detail.  To set Caballe against Sutherland was a daring idea, and it works superby well; Pears as the Emperor is another imaginative choice.  Mehta directs a gloriously rich and dramatic performance, superlatively recorded, still the best sounding \\"Turandot\\" on CD, while the reading also remains supreme.
B000SO7OM0|5.0|This CD is one of her best.  She is one of the only artists I know that is better live than recorded.
B000K7VHQ4|4.0|Eisenheim(Norton),an illusionist of magic practices his own brand of supernatural sorcery,enthralling the people of Vienna,including Crown Prince Leopold,who is equally enthralled and abhored.He embarks upon denouncing the great Eisenheim publicly but falls foul of his own plan by offering his fiance Sophie (Biel) to the magician in a bid to sabotage his act before an audience. This,however proves to be his undoing as Sophie and Eisenheim are not strangers to each other and they begin to rekindle a long lost romance.Chief Inspector Ull,(Giamatti) is drawn into the plot when the Prince,on hearing of their deception,orders him to charge Eisenheim with fraud.What follows is a tale of love and intrigue,tightly bound by the power of illusion.The illusionist is a well told story with clever use of imagery which consumes the viewer.The acting is of high quality with particularly strong performances from Norton and Giammati.This movie captures the imagination.
B00005JN0T|4.0|Asimov has always given us tales that make us think.  Ok, they took a lot of creative license with his story but his basic idea remained the backbone of this saga.  Smith is a good fit for the hero (anti-hero).  He's rock solid in a goofy kind of way.  The effects are top notch, the supporting cast are up to the job and this movie is far better than the so-so reviews it got upon release.  Give it a chance, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.  bg
B000R7HY0K|1.0|Let me say one thing, where the hell is the plot, don't get me wrong there some parts of this that are entertaining but to sit through 1.5 hours of chit chat to get 30 mins of entertainment that is worth watching is just appropriable.
1594489505|5.0|If you enjoyed Kite Runner you will love Hosseini's new book A Thousand Splendid Suns.  His character development is amazing.  However fictional I felt like there could be those very people living in Afghanistan!   This book hits on current issues, but not in an American point of view.  It's a quick read because you don't want to put it down.
B000UJ48U4|3.0|I remembered seeing this film when it first came out and being disappointed.  When I thought back about why, I couldn't quite remember.  I decided to watch this movie again and give an honest chance at finding out why I didn't like it in the first place.  The first thing I noticed is this is very much a Stanley Kubrick film.  This is a good thing, being a fan of most of his films, slow paced with a methodical precision.  Slow steady cam shots and pans that add eeriness to the subject matter.  Lot's of dialog which makes it a real character study.  The story has tons of depth with lots of real human interaction.  So already I'm sucked into this film.  The acting is pretty good with Cruise and Kidman as well.  The first thing you noticed is the erotic uncomfortably of the subject matter from the first scene.  Kubrick sets a tone for that uneasy thoughts and feeling that are shared by many people in monogamous relationships, are they your ultimate fantasy?  If not, who and what is.  Of course when our significant other finds out it's almost never a good thing. Sexual cravings and fantasies have always been a taboo in our culture.<br /><br />Aside from the subject matter being not as interesting to me as other films he's done, Kubrick also falls into another problem, pacing.  This film was great...for a first act.  I mean, if this entire film was the first act, this would be great.  Kubrick made this film with so much depth that the story moves very slow.  There are lots of distractions and side characters that add to the over all story but never really pay off in the end.  It's almost like someone said, \\"Hey Stan, we got ten minutes to wrap this thing up.\\"  The ending was not the payoff needed for this film to justify all this character and emotional development.  This film really doesn't even have a climax.  It's a fine film on every level until you get to the end...it just fizzles out.  Too bad, this film really could have blew your mid if it was conceived in a bit more ambitious direction instead of being left as a thought provoking and some what abstract question about the psychology of human sexuality.itious direction instead of being left as a thought provoking and some what abstract question about the psychology of human sexuality.
038541627X|4.0|Forty-eight short stories and poems, all written by Asimov an average of 50 years ago.  There is some age to this collection of writings... the Multivac (\\"Multiple vacuum tubes\\") computer, the quaint use of the word \\"queer\\" to indicate \\"beyond or deviating from the usual or expected,\\" and fairly typical gender stereotypes.  What do you expect from 50 years ago!?<br /><br />There are some great stories here that have aged very well.  In particular, I enjoyed:<br /><br />- Profession (p. 162),<br /><br />- Spell My Name With An S (p. 277),<br /><br />- The Last Question (p. 290),<br /><br />- The Ugly Little Boy (p. 301),<br /><br />- Nightfall (p. 334), and<br /><br />- \\"Breeds There a man...?\\" (p. 408).<br /><br />These stories are in the middle part of the book, so there is a \\"warm-up\\" period prior to getting to these.  Nightfall was interesting to me, in that I had heard it had inspired the movie and book Pitch Black.  It is a good tale, but its similarity to Pitch Black was not very strong.<br /><br />I look forward to getting and reading volume 2.
B000OVLBEO|4.0|This movie did not live up to my expectations. I was expecting funny but what I got was completely different. Still a good movie but another one I am glad I did not go to the theaters and see.
B00026W82U|4.0|Riot on an Empty Street is just superb. The vocals are clear and harmonised, to the point of being delicate. The CD is very easy to listen to and most enjoyable.   Well worth purchasing.
0783231032|3.0|A great blast from the past - I was so glad to be able to find this on DVD through AMAZON
B000EHSVSC|5.0|I'm not a fan of war movies (actually, I hate them), but this is a really great movie! Show's what happened at Pearl Harbor from both sides. Very moving. I think everyone should see this movie!
B0002ZDVEU|3.0|Where last we left Jason Bourne (Matt Damon), he was living in a secluded location with his new girlfriend.  The Bourne Supremacy picks up where the Bourne Identity left off: Jason Bourne is a professional killer, a member of the Treadstone Group, who no longer remembers his identity. It turns out that Bourne is a perfect scapegoat for another murder, and it's not long before an assassination is pinned on him.<br /><br />And that's the awkward thing about this installment in the Bourne series.  Bourne's reason for involvement in the plot is basically summed up as \\"it seemed like a good idea at the time.\\"  Fortunately, Bourne slowly unearths information about his own past amidst the machinations of FBI, European assassins, and the Treadstone Group. Unfortunately, professional \\"bad guy\\" character actors play the bad guys.  I guessed the twist upon his appearance.  Hint: look for the slimy political type who has no reason to go along on the mission but gets told to do so anyway.<br /><br />There are other problems: one of my pet peeves, the blurry memory cam. Bourne's done some very bad things in his past missions, the missions he supposedly can't remember, and the director decided to tell us by having Bourne remember through echoing, blurry shots.  They get old, fast.<br /><br />The trademark gritty fighting scenes are all here, including insane car chases (more like a series of car crashes), the clever turnabouts that you never see in other spy movies, and plenty of fisticuffs.  Bourne Supremacy doesn't do everything right, but it has street-level action down perfectly.<br /><br />By the end of the film we learn Bourne's full name.  But that's a cop out: the Supremacy is more about Bourne proving that in the past he was never a very nice guy.  That's hardly news.<br /><br />Bourne Supremacy feels more like an episode in a series than a movie.  Bourne fans won't be disappointed, but the rest of us will have to wait until the third installment comes out on DVD to see Bourne develop beyond an amnesiac killing machine.g machine.
B000002IJO|5.0|\\"Dancing Undercover\\" is one of Ratts best albums. It's definitely worth the the money. Nearly every song is killer...
0385486804|4.0|Like all good travelogs, this one is romantic and personal. It is more than just the story, yet less than the biography, of Chris McCandless. Jon Krakauer establishes his credentials as a biographer of a misunderstood recluse, and passionately defends the confused genius of a youth obsessed with answering (or even knowing the answers to) the larger questions of life. The intensity and depth of the youngster who called himself Alexander Supertramp is special. He could well have and should have lived through the summer of 1992 in Alaska.<br /><br />The simplicity of the goal to \\"live off the land for a while\\" makes it easy to pass judgments on, for newbies, rookies, regulars, experts, or veterans alike. That's exactly what makes this story and this book an interesting read. It would be silly to typecast him into any one bucket, whether one might appreciate his unique ideologies or not. Although the book does a great job of hero-worship with substance, it sometimes misses coherence and dabbles more into the he-said-she-said than is required. It will be interesting to see how Jon Krakauer and Sean Penn handle it in the movie scheduled for release later this year.
B00005KAQP|5.0|\\"Sister Act,\\"(1992), a big hit in its time for Disney's Touchstone Studio, is now 25 years old, and surely worth a closer look.  Its plot -- script by Joseph Howard--is, of course, lighter than air, concerning one Deloris Van Cartier, second rate Reno lounge singer (Whoopi Goldberg), who is unlucky enough to catch her married, mobbed-up boyfriend Vince La Rocca (Harvey Keitel), committing an execution-style murder.  If she wishes to live to testify against him, she's got to go on the run, and she does -- to a failing, out-of-touch San Francisco convent run by Dame Maggie Smith as its Mother Superior.  The first thing to say is the script's not only funny, it's also witty -- particularly in the battles of wits between Goldberg's character, rechristened Sister Mary Clarence for convent purposes, and Maggie Smith's Mother Superior.  And the wit has held up.  The second thing to say is the movie's celebrated Motown musical interludes have held up even better, and that's no accident.<br /><br />To begin with, the movie was produced for Disney by New York-born Scott Rudin, who has a sure hand with a light film.  You could easily think the lead part was written for Goldberg, as it fits her like a glove, but in fact, it wasn't.  It was written for Bette Midler, then the studio's favorite musical/comedy star: the New York-born Goldberg just made it hers.  Furthermore, Keitel is frequently accused of a lazy performance in this movie: but when the Brooklyn-born actor gets a chance to sink his teeth into a line like \\"bupkis--\\" that's Brooklynite/Yiddish for \\"nothing\\" to you, he delivers it with gusto.  And the picture introduced the winning Kathy Najimi, as Sister Mary Patrick, to the audience.<br /><br />But Disney's greatest luck, in regard to this film, has to be the trio of talented men, all born in the greater New York area, who made the musical interludes as infectious as they are.  Its director, Emile Ardolino, born in 1943 in Maspeth, Queens, unfortunately passed from us, in 1993, in Bel Air, of AIDS.  But it was well-known that he could do magic with musicals.  He won an Oscar in 1984 for a documentary, \\"He Makes Me Feel Like Dancin'.\\"  And he's further credited with \\"Dirty Dancin',\\" and \\"Gypsy,\\" two multiple award-winning musicals that also haven't lost their appeal.  To arrange the music, the studio kept the musical director of Bette Midler's stage shows, the New Jersey-born Marc Shaiman.  We now know that he, too, is extraordinarily talented musically: he's recently written \\"Hairspray,\\" that's won Grammy, Tony, and Emmy Awards, and is also more than likely to pick up an Oscar or two this year.  Finally, the musical scenes were choreographed by Lester Wilson, an experienced man with a Motown connection: among his other triumphs,  he choreographed \\"Saturday Night Fever.\\"  You just gotta say that these guys couldn't put a foot wrong, musically-speaking, and it shows -- will continue to show-- on the screen.el Air, of AIDS.  But it was well-known that he could do magic with musicals.  He won an Oscar in 1984 for a documentary, \\"He Makes Me Feel Like Dancin'.\\"  And he's further credited with \\"Dirty Dancin',\\" and \\"Gypsy,\\" two multiple award-winning musicals that also haven't lost their appeal.  To arrange the music, the studio kept the musical director of Bette Midler's stage shows, the New Jersey-born Marc Shaiman.  We now know that he, too, is extraordinarily talented musically: he's recently written \\"Hairspray,\\" that's won Grammy, Tony, and Emmy Awards, and is also more than likely to pick up an Oscar or two this year.  Finally, the musical scenes were choreographed by Lester Wilson, an experienced man with a Motown connection: among his other triumphs,  he choreographed \\"Saturday Night Fever.\\"  You just gotta say that these guys couldn't put a foot wrong, musically-speaking, and it shows -- will continue to show-- on the screen.
1582701709|4.0|Delivers every promise it makes.  Life changing and inspiring Rhonda Byrne has brought the most important message to the masses.  Well worth the time.
1401307787|5.0|I have read several of Kabat-Zinn's works and find they are terrific self-helps! \\"Wherever You Go . . .\\" is a short, cogent helper to enable the reader to break out of the rut and look at life from a different position. The book is non-denominational and not dogmatic! Any person of any faith or atheist can find the text helpful and instructional. There are eastern philosophical references and some of the meditational technique is based on centuries old practices & techniques. This is one of the books that helped me change my life and resolve some old internal issues. It has also helped my play in Tai Chi Chuan.  I highly recommend it!
0316067598|5.0|Incredible story.  These soldiers are truly an honor to our country.  I marvel every day that America has men and women of this caliber that will put themselves on the line for our country's interests and security.  Also a great reminder that there are good people and bad people in every country.  In many cases our soldiers in the field must rapidly make critical judgements affecting many lives.  I pray that our Leaders don't attempt to second guess their actions from the comfort of an airconditioned office.
B00009ZYBY|4.0|2000's \\"Gladiator\\" is a visually stunning throw-back to an earlier era of epic movie-making. Director Ridley Scott recreates the Roman Empire in all its decadence, as an heroic Roman General is betrayed by the greedy and unscrupulous son of the Emperor, and forced to become a slave and a gladiator.<br /><br />Russell Crowe is outstanding as Maximus, the general who is favored by his Emperor (an excellent cameo by Richard Harris) to lead the Empire over his greedy and unstable son Commodus (played with over the top depravity by Joaquin Phoenix).  Commodus murders his father, takes the throne, slaughters the family of Maximus, and consigns him to slavery.  A wise slave trader (Oliver Reed in his last film role) sees Maximus' potential and turns him into a gladiator.  Maximus' military skills make him a formidable competitor who fights his way to fame with the Roman mob and draws the fateful envy of Commodus.  The stage is set for betrayal and violent confrontation.<br /><br />The set-piece gladiator combats are thrilling and worth the movie by themselves.  A superb supporting cast enhances the movie, notably Connie Nielson as the sister of Commodus and the object of his depraved desire.  The recreation of Rome is detailed and authentic.  The movie is highly recommended as good entertainment.
0765316889|4.0|I really enjoyed book one, which left me waiting for book 2.  I love Sanderson's writing style and truly enjoy the plot of his books.  This one is not left behind... although I am not much for politics and religion, I still enjoyed this book as it was a good long read. (one I didnt finish in 2 days :-) It's a bit slower than the 1st book, but once the war is on... I couldnt put it down!  I will agree with a previous review... I think the relationship between Vin and Eland lacked to say the least... especially in the epiloge... they seem like really good friends that got married as opposed to 2 people truly in love with each other... I hope that book 3 will fill in some of those charactor relationship gaps!
B0007TKNL0|5.0|Wow...the music, the sets, the acting...I loved this DVD! After hearing Brighton and Crawford on the original soundtrack my expectations were high, but they really pulled it off with this DVD. Rossum is no Brightman, but she does have a beautiful voice and Patrick Wilson, wow! What a beautiful tenor voice he has!     I liked the way the movie starts out when Raoul is old and remembering, and ends that way, too. Great touch. This retelling of the story is a little different, but again, they really pulled it off and did a great job. There has never been a more beautiful score than The Phantom of the Opera. Andrew Lloyd Weber is a genius.
B0007PAMBK|5.0|Legend Films presents \\"CARNIVAL OF SOULS\\" (Released: 2 November 1962) (78 mins) (Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered) --- now in COLOR and Glorious Black and White --- Carnival of Souls is a horror film released in 1962 --- Produced and directed by Herk Harvey for an estimated $33,000, the movie never gained widespread public attention when it was originally released as it was intended as a B film and today, remains obscure --- Set to an organ score by Gene Moore, Carnival of Souls relies more on atmosphere than on special effects to create its mood of horror --- The film has a cult following and occasionally has screenings at local film and Halloween festivals.<br /><br />Herk Harvey was a Lawrence, Kansas-based director and producer of industrial and educational films for the Centron Corporation --- While vacationing in Salt Lake City, he developed the idea for the movie after driving past the abandoned Saltair Pavilion --- John Clifford (Screenwriter), Maurice Prather (Cinematographer), Gene Moore (Composer (Music Score), Bill de Jarnette (Editor), Dan Palmquist (Editor) --- Hiring an unknown actress, Lee Strasberg-trained Candace Hilligoss, and otherwise employing mostly local talent, he shot Carnival of Souls in three weeks, on location in Lawrence and Salt Lake City. (From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia)<br /><br />The story line and plot, riding in a car with two friends Mary Henry (Candace Hilligoss) are forced off a bridge into a river --- Mary emerges from the river, as it appears to the audience that all have been drowned --- with a new job as the church organist Mary goes on with her life as she knows it --- a mysterious phantom figure that seems to reside in an old run-down pavilion keeps showing up and Mary must now confront her personal demons of her spiritual insouciance.--- just too much good to be said about this small masterpiece of independent film making --- once you experience the dreamlike qualities of this eerie masterpiece you'll never have another quiet nights sleep again.<br /><br />the cast includes:<br />Candace Hilligoss ...  Mary Henry<br /> Frances Feist ...  Mrs. Thomas, Landlady<br /> Sidney Berger ...  John Linden<br /> Art Ellison ...  Minister<br /> Stan Levitt ...  Dr. Samuels<br /> Tom McGinnis ...  Organ Factory Boss<br /> Forbes Caldwell ...  Organ Factory Worker<br /> Dan Palmquist ...  Gas Station Attendant<br /> Bill de Jarnette ...  Mechanic (as Bill De Jarnette)<br /> Steve Boozer ...  Chip, Man at Juke Box<br /> Pamela Ballard ...  Dress Sales Lady<br /> Larry Sneegas ...  Drag Racer<br /> Cari Conboy ...  Lake Zombie<br /> Karen Pyles ...  Dress Store Customer<br /> T.C. Adams ...  Dancing Zombie<br /> Sharon Scoville ...  Mary's Girlfriend<br /> Mary Ann Harris ...  Mary's Girlfriend<br /> Peter Schnitzler ...  A Walking Corpse<br /> Bill Sollner ...  Lake Zombie<br /> Reza Badiyi ...  Bus Ticket Customer<br /> Ed Down ...  Man At Bridge<br /> Herk Harvey ...  'The Man'<br /> Wayne Shmille ...  Sheriff At Bridge<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES -<br />1.  Includes All-New Color Version and Original Black and White Version<br />2.  Audio Commentary by Mike Nelson of TV?s ?Mystery Science Theater 3000?<br />3.  Digitally Restored and Remastered Video<br />4.  Digitally Remixed 5.1 Surround Sound<br />5.  Original Theatrical Trailer in COLOR<br />6.  Classic Horror Trailers<br /><br />Legend Films can restore, colorize and release many of the classic earliest black and white films --- a patented coloring and remastering process makes each film picture perfect plus more vivd than ever --- no one can resist collecting every title that Legend Films releases --- The Legend Films edition of the film contains both colorized and black and white versions of the aforementioned director's cut and a humorous audio commentary track by Michael J. Nelson, a former writer and host of Mystery Science Theater 3000 --- The comedian mocks the low budget film's flaws in the style of an episode of the series.<br /><br />Hats off and thanks to Barry B. Sandrew Ph.D. (Founder, COO & CTO) and his Legend Films Staff --- looking forward to more high quality releases from the vintage era of the '20s, '30s & '40s --- order your copy now from Amazon where there are plenty of copies available on DVD --- if you enjoyed this title, why not check out Legend Films where they are experts in releasing long forgotten films and treasures to the collector.<br /><br />Total Time: 78 mins on DVD ~ Legend Films. ~ (3/29/2005)s from the vintage era of the '20s, '30s & '40s --- order your copy now from Amazon where there are plenty of copies available on DVD --- if you enjoyed this title, why not check out Legend Films where they are experts in releasing long forgotten films and treasures to the collector.    Total Time: 78 mins on DVD ~ Legend Films. ~ (3/29/2005)
0743487486|4.0|Compared to other books on parenting this one is refreshing and original, I'm sure every parent would agree that the ultimate goal is understanding and love between child and them, not an authoritarian relationship
B000HCO8IQ|1.0|The first CD was inspired, but this CD is a complete failure. It seems like the band produced a CD just for the sake of producing a CD. All the songs sound similar. Please, save your money this CD is a waste of time.
0345363132|5.0|I'm not a fan of historical fiction.  I picked this up cheap somewhere and it sat around for a year or two before I dove in.  Hesitant to start, I couldn't put it down once I got going. It was one of those \\"you don't want it to end books\\".    I've read a fair amount about the Wars of Roses (time frame of this novel) and felt like I was getting a great story and a re-cap of good history to boot.  I'm not an authority but the history seems fairly spot-on.  The author has some notes regarding her few changes at the book's end.    One sided?  Yes.  She's a Richard fan, no doubt.  I lean toward the Richard camp anyway.  I don't agree 100% with a few things but that's ok.  The story works and maybe she is right about all of it.  You'll like the either way.  On more than one occasion I found myself wanting to jump in the story and lend a hand (as if I was could!).  It gets that exciting.  The main characters are well developed and to be fair, you heart will go out the Lancastrian as well as the Yorkist.    If your interested in the Wars of the Roses, medieval history, or good old family warfare (this beats Godfather stuff any day), go for it.
1400063515|5.0|The title of this book is bound to attract attention of even those who are not interested in ornithology. Well, the least expected event is what this book is about and the contents are much more interesting and exciting. Nassim Nicholas Taleb is at his best once again and this time one is not to be \\"fooled by randomness\\", but be prepared to be taken by total surprise by the extreme impact of the totally unexpected event.     Literature, business, history, statistics, anecdotes and lots of humor, are no longer the surprising polymath capabilities in Taleb's writing style. Intellectually stimulating and conceptually innovative, this book is bound to engage and challenge all the grey cells of an average reader, and I consider myself one amongst this crowd. But then most of us belong to \\"Mediocristan\\" where a single large deviation in the observation or measurements is not likely to impact the outcome of the whole population. This is perhaps why I used the term \\"average\\", meaning a \\"normal\\" distribution of readers. We always expect the \\"average\\" and deviations are considered errors from this expectation. Taleb describes our tendency to \\"Platonify\\" various observations, restricting the scope to see beyond limited space and hence to miss out the possibility of \\"Black Swans\\". We tend to \\"normalize\\", using a popular mathematical distribution that Taleb terms as a Great Intellectual Fraud (GIF). An exclusive chapter on this topic including the photograph of the German mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss on a Deutschmark bill, firmly \\"bells\\" the cat. (Statisticians beware; do not read this book unless you have lots of patience and tolerance.)    If this is \\"normally\\" the case, welcome to Taleb's \\"Extremistan\\" or the land of Black Swans. Three principal characteristics of Black Swan events are: \\"rarity, extreme impact and retrospective predictability\\". By this definition, 9/11 was a black swan and so was the collapse of the US Stock market in 1987. But the good news is that Black Swans are not necessarily negative in their impact and results. The Personal Computer and the Internet are clearly Black Swans of the last century, though their impact had been relatively gradual but certainly very high. The positive Black Swans tend to be of such nature compared to the sudden impact of the negative kind.    This book is about the great opportunity that lies in developing our ability to see the Black Swan phenomenon and gain from it rather that being caught in the trap of limited knowledge created by existing models.     I found the concept of \\"scalability\\" of professions another very good take away from this book. A good surgeon for example needs to perform a hundred surgeries if he has to earn a million assuming he makes ten thousand bucks per incision (and is fortunate in not being sued for doing it the wrong way). On the other hand a new product design or a book that becomes a craze can make its owner a millionaire overnight since the cost of reproduction and global distribution is miniscule (assuming that we are operating in markets that respect patent rights) and does not require any of his additional effort.     The glossary at the end of the book is very helpful to understand some key terms used effortlessly and appropriately by the author.
B000RZIGUY|5.0|Sound and Picture is better than the original 1 disk DVD.  Love the Movie, so much pointless action.
B000K7VHQE|5.0|Little Miss Sunshine sounds very much so like a childs movie that they might take interest in if they're about four or five.  However, it's certainly not for the kids (though I'll be honest, our seven and nine-year olds run around repeating grandpa's lines, and we don't care).    You shouldn't watch this if you like to sugar-coat your life.  That's to say, you like everything \\"perfect\\".  No drugs, sex-related talk, alcohol, cussing, or anything like that.  Well, Little Miss Sunshine deals with reality and how a family who accepts it (or is too tired to fight it) handles it.    The story's very simple, so simple it's such an achievement.  It shows the Hoover family of six.    Richard's the father who's trying to become a successful self-help instructor.  In the beginning, he's mostly annoying for the simple fact that he's increadibly judgemental, but he comes around and faces life not too long into the movie.    Sheryl's the wife and mother, who works a steady job and is probably the most normal-functioning member of the family besides Olive.  She's fairly depressed about the financial stituation they're in, and it plays out on the road.    Frank's the gay brother of Sheryl, who's just failed a scuicide attempt after a failed relationship.  Frank suffers a lot at the hands of Richard in the beginning, with Richard's attitude ranknig Frank as a \\"loser\\", but that changes after the death of grandpa.    Dwayne's a fifteen-year-old from a previous marriage of Sheryl's.  He's determined to become a test pilot, and has taken a vow of silence till he reaches that goal, though it hits a screeching halt.    Olive's seven, and is obsessed with competitions.  She's the only one who actually has any normality (though very little of it) when they get to the competition.    Grandpa dies not long into the movie, but he's also perhaps the funniest, so that's a real shame.  He got evicted from a rest home after he started snorting heroin.    That's basically it.  Combine those characters with a hilarious script, amazing music, and a fine dose of reality, and you've got Little Miss Sunshine.
0738702994|5.0|I love this deck. The images on the cards are very beautiful and portray the cards well. The Swords have lovely rich bluish-purple tones that are nice and colorful. The Pentacles(Coins and Discs in other decks) have mainly golden and red earthtones. The Wands have soft blue and golden tones. The Cups mainly have blue and lavendar colors with greens and earthtones. The Majors are very colorful with every color you can imagine. The only cards that have the names on them (Death, The Moon, etc.) are the Majors and the Minors only have the number and suit(9 of Swords, Ace of Cups, etc.). This is no problem though, because like I said, the images represent what the card is very well. There are two extra cards that have a spread on each of them..Llew's Spread and Red Dragon Spread.  The thickness of the cards is similar to regular playing cards, but not so thin that I would be afraid of ripping them easily. The cards are slippery, but I like this because it makes shuffling and spreading them easy. Be careful they don't slip away from you though until you get the feel of them. The book has shorter \\"to the point\\" descriptions with history as well and is a good companion book. The book and deck come in a good quality box that opens almost like a book and includes a lovely reddish golden bag with beads hanging from the bottom of it and golden tassles on the drawstrings.   I am very satisfied with my purchase of The Llewellyn Tarot and would recommend it for everyone.
0780626966|5.0|If you're a Freddy fan, you have no excuse NOT to own this DVD collection.  All seven original films are included (no \\"Freddy Vs. Jason\\") and benefit from an amazing new digital transfer, bringing the nightmares to life in vivid picture and sound clarity as never experienced before.  Additionally, a lot of care has been put into the extras, interviews, and packaging art.  When assembled together, the spines of the DVDs make an awesome Freddy graphic that looks great on the shelf, but each volume also boasts its original theatrical poster artwork on its corresponding front cover!  If you've only seen these films on VHS and you're lookin' for another foray into Elm Street, this collection is everything you've hoped for.<br /><br />Complaints:  Unlike the VHS releases of the same collection, the theatrical trailers are not included on their corresponding disc, but rather, all seven trailers are located on the bonus disc, \\"The Nightmare Series Encyclopedia.\\"  If you're like me and enjoy watching a film's trailer either right before or after viewing the film itself, this is a major disappointment because you have to eject the current DVD, insert the bonus disc, go through all the menu features until you get to the trailers section, etc.  Also poorly planned is the accompanying booklet, \\"The Nightmare is Alive.\\"  This DVD-sized booklet has some really cool behind-the-scenes photos that I've never seen before, but the text is mostly regurgitated press releases that originated from each film's theatrical run, making the corresponding information dated and much less than insightful, as much of the material simply hypes each movie up rather than giving a glimpse into production details (one of the pictures in the booklet is even incorrectly captioned, labeling \\"Dream Child\\" actress Erika Anderson as Kelly Jo Minter.)<br /><br />However, the pros definitely outweigh the cons for this amazing DVD collection.  Treat yourself to the best journey into Elm Street currently out there, especially if you can get it on sale at Amazon.com (I got mine from a third party Amazon vendor, at 31% off the retail price, including shipping!)if you can get it on sale at Amazon.com (I got mine from a third party Amazon vendor, at 31% off the retail price, including shipping!)
B0000AQS0F|3.0|After seeing the movie, I started watching the show. Everyone wonders why it got canceled, Ahhhh...maybe because the captain's girlfriend is a high class prostitute??? Oh yeah, and the mechanic girl is totally sex-starved. Plus the off handed comments that disrespect women through out the series?     Firefly is truly insulting to women and if I was on the Board I would of canceled the show also.    Makes me think about what kind of relationship Josh Whedon had with his Mother because it certainly wasn't a good one.     If you can over that it's a fun show!
B000UJ48O0|5.0|This is the show that has everything from struggling with who you really are, drug problems to being on probation. Everything is in this show. From the moment that it starts to the time that it ends the cast has you sucked in, and you will be screaming, \\"I want to be bold and beautiful too!\\" Ha ha ha. I am telling you to purchase this, because I remember when I was attending Dacula High School the day after it would come on t.v. this is what everyone would talk about...and now is your chance to see why.
0316067598|5.0|This book goes well beyond an unemotional description of a SEAL team and their missions in Afghanistan.  It lets the reader see that the Teams are far more than a very powerful military chess piece on the board of the war on terrorism.      While many readers will undoubetedly be put off by some of the strong opinions expressed by the author regarding his dedication to George Bush and Texas, and his strong distaste for the media and political leaders whom he blames for overly restrictive rules of engagement, this book effectively conveys the author's emotions of dedication, determination, desparation and physical and emotional pain.  Unexpectedly, the description of Seal BUDS training revealed more about the pshyche of a successful SEAL candidate than anything I have watched about the same training on cable TV. I also found the accounts of interactions with the Taliban and Pashtun villagers insightful, as was the description of unflagging and overwhelming support for the family of the author while awaiting word of fate.    The description of the battle during failed mission that resulted in the SEAL Team deaths would probably be dubbed \\"ridiculously unbelieveable\\" if offered as a fictional account, but it made for an exteremly fast read and I have no basis for judging the likelihood that it is either factual or \\"embellished\\".    Read it for a look into one SEAL's thoughts, not because it is necessarily representative of every Special Forces member or operation.
B000002UAU|5.0|This historic album (dead give-away for my age) is quite good.   It contains only the original songs from the original vinyl record, which is good.   Some of the Beatle CDs have extra songs on them that were not on the original album.   This album was unlike anything heard at the time it came out.  And it's still great today.
B000VZUWZW|4.0|The creators must think it's audience pretty dumb since they spent the whole show telling us when to laugh! The canned laughter drove me up the wall. Infact it detracted from the show quite a bit. The premise is actually not that bad. The characters were pretty funny and i did enjoy the humor alot. I may infact keep watching this show but one wonders how long the nerdy genius flatmates trying to impress the hottie next door concept will take to get old?!
B000E1JOSE|5.0|this album renewed my love for roy orbisons voice and creativity. also his backup instrumentilists and voices are 5 stars. makes me want more.
0743496728|4.0|The small town of Sterling, New Hampshire has more turmoil than it can handle in Jodi Picoult's new novel Nineteen Minutes. The story explores the life of Peter Houghton, the lives of his few friends, more bullies, and numerous onlookers, and what causes him to kill ten people and wound nineteen others in his school.  Nineteen Minutes follows a popular trend in most media today. It has a Lost-esque number of main characters and flashbacks that left me disoriented through the first couple of chapters. Once I got into it, though, I found the plot to be captivating and reflective of our own complex world.  Some of the characters were stereotypical. However, I do feel that there is a grain of truth to the stereotypes. I like how every character feels pushed around by society, from the victim who can't take it anymore, to the judge who is torn between living as a judge and living as a human being. Everyone understands at least some of the pressures felt by the characters, making this a worthwhile read.
B00009W0U4|5.0|I feel like there's a message in this movie somewhere.<br /><br />As the title implies it's about things that happened that cannot be reversed.  I suppose most people have things like this in their life.  I have far too many of these things.<br /><br />For me it was the tragic mistake of telling someone I had put a curse on them.  Those words found their way to the demonic gods in the universe.  At that point my life was effectively over as far as ever being happy.  Lives were destroyed and the world will be a different place as a result.<br /><br />A curse is in fact not reversible.  It will either harm the intended target or, if the sender changes their mind, the curse will return to them 100 times worse which is what happened to me.  In fact I had no idea what I was even saying nor did I understand the terrible dangers involved.<br /><br />In the movie Alex was on a path and was going to call a taxi cab but someone recommended she walk through the underpass and she took a major wrong turn.  That decision changed her life forever.<br /><br />The movie plays in reverse so at the end we see how everything was when things were normal with so many hopes and dreams for the future.<br /><br />That's where I am right now.  Thinking about what could have been, what should have been, but for a few reckless and stupid words spoken in anger.<br /><br />It's weird but sometimes I feel movies are made just to tell me something.  It's probably my imagination.<br /><br />  Jeff Marzano<br /><br />[[ASIN:6305839980 Possession]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00005RYKT The Beast (La bête)]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0007UVXCW Images in a Convent]]
B000SNUMC0|5.0|Iced Earth have put out another great album once again with great writing,musical quality and story. It's a long album that neither bores or dissapoints. Put it on and take it all in.
B000SNUMC0|5.0|I am a new Iced Earth fan, and it is this album that has ushered me into the fold.  Because I have no history listening to the band, I can't really comment on the previous vocalist and the ongoing debate about the \\"worthiness\\" of Owens as the new guy, but I will say this: I LOVE this guy's voice.  About four days ago, Iced Earth wasn't even on my radar, but now I'm thinking of this album as one of my favorites of the year so far (and I don't usually even listen to this style, as I'm mostly a death metal fan).  In fact, I haven't enjoyed a heavy metal album this much on first listen since Seventh Son of a Seventh Son, or Somewhere in Time.  Not that I'm comparing IE to Iron Maiden at this point, I just mean the overall impact of the album as a whole has that epic bang your head and play air guitar like a lunatic feel to it.  On track 2, \\"Something Wicked Part 1\\", right after the lyric \\"A power we must secure...\\", the singer gives this multi-layered shriek that made every hair on the top of my head stand straight up, and from that moment I was hooked.  I think I've listened to the album something like two dozen times in the past couple of days and it just keeps getting better.  I love to blare the chorus of \\"The Domino Decree\\" and throw my devil horns in the air.  In my mind's eye, I can see the live performance of \\"The Clouding\\", and the audience is a sea of waving lighters.  When the softer, pensive \\"Reflections\\" draws out to an end and then is pulverized by the freight train that is \\"Ten Thousand Strong\\", well, I can see an army of headbanging whiplash victims still playing air drums in the ER waiting room.  The variety from song to song, the richness of the production, the intriguing story, the huge range and passion of the vocalist, the memorable hooks and solos, the ambient segues that serve to flesh out particular moments of the sci-fi/fantasy plot... everything on this album raises it up into the realm of instant classic.      I must admit, I'm worried about whether or not part 2 will be able to sustain the quality and variety displayed here, but one thing is for certain, this brand new Iced Earth fan will be waiting with bated breath.
0765317389|5.0|Simply put, this is one of the very best fiction stories I have ever read.    This hardcover edition is nicely bound and the print is the best of all of the editions available.  It does cost more than the others, but is worth it if it will be read more than once - which is very likely.
B000EWBNMS|5.0|This is a very good show.  No other that is depicted in this way, but the best way possible.  This show has lead me to a higher fasication with mediums and their work.
B000B5XOSO|5.0|As far as I'm concerned, this is the best Batman film! It's incredibly dark but also darkly comical. I wish more superhero movies were made like this. I consider this to be a very ADULT superhero movie, which I LOVE. Superhero movies nowadays seem to be mostly aimed at the kiddies. The dark characters, sexual references, AMAZING acting, did I mention the amazing characters? This is an awesome classic...Although I'm sure some are put off by Burton's amazingly unique vision. Dark! Funny! Fabulous!
0743496728|4.0|\\"Salem Falls\\" was the first Jodi Picoult book I ever read, and I was an instant fan.  Through the years, her writing has only gotten stronger, and appealed to me more.  I enjoy the way that she dives straight into the heart of the tough topics.  The way that she presents them in a sort of \\"in your face\\" way.<br /><br />Though not my favorite of her books, \\"Nineteen Minutes\\" was no different in this way.  This story focuses around a high school shooting.  Picoult takes you into the lives and minds of the victims, their families and the shooter.  Tackling not only the idea of school shootings, but also the notions of popularity and bullying.<br /><br />In \\"Nineteen Minutes\\" Picoult has again taken a moral issues and plunged straight into the inner depths of it.  It's a page turner, and an eye opener, and if you're a fan of Picoult's work, you won't be disappointed.
B00003CWN3|4.0|Good story, good actors, I just don't like how the event went, it's a sad movie...
B00005JOFQ|5.0|This is a very awesome movie, I watched it six times in the first week of having it.
B00005Q4CS|1.0|This movie is completely hollow. It's about a group of drug addicts whose lives go down the drain - either ending in death, insanity, hospitalization, or hooking.    I guess the lesson or theme is that drugs are bad for you. Gee, how original.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|It is one of his greatest albums.  He keeps getting better with each album.  I am enjoying it a lot.  He is a terrific entertainer.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|I love this annimation! it is very funny and very creative. It's one of those story that is fresh and new, it's not quite your typical save the princess lines and it's certainly entertaining for the kids as well as adults. I highly recommend it!
1400063515|5.0|Learning how the mind filters input in order to accomodate the way the brain organizes information and derives meaning is essential to learning to transcend the belief in causality which is a big part of what keeps us slaves to fallacious belief systems.  This book is an entertaining approach to seeing how this works.  I will probably go for a third reading of this book.
B000002C1W|2.0|David Gilmour and Nick Mason are the only credited members of Pink Floyd that appear on this album while Rick Wright is listed as a session musician.  However, PF without Roger is the least of the problems with this.    Gilmour was a great frontman for the Floyd in the early 1970s who contributed great classics like Green is the Colour, The Nile Song, The Narrow Way, Fat Old Sun and Fearless.  But on this album, he completely caves in to the crappy musical style of the 80s -- heavy on synthesizers, female backup singers, etc.    In fairness, many great 1970s rock groups produced a lot of crap in the next decade as well  and it seems that even THE Pink Floyd weren't immune to this.    I give this CD 2 stars because I don't see it as a complete failure--the song \\"Sorrow\\" is kind of interesting and I could see it as a half-decent song if it was recorded with that 1970s classic Floyd sound.
B000000W94|5.0|After reading the other reviews - I don't know what more I could add - other than this is my favorite studio album of Moore's (through Old New Ballads Blues). This album - along with his \\"Best Of The Blues\\" 2 disc set - are MUST HAVES for any progressive blues fan.
B000FA57US|4.0|This review is a little long, so please bare with me. There are also Spoilers.<br /><br />Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers is a movie that has the fans split in the middle. A lot of people see this as the downfall of the series, while others praise it as the last great Halloween movie. I have to admit Halloween 5 is a movie I like a lot more than I should and I sometimes think I like the movie for more what it could have been instead of what it is. The one thing I will say is Halloween 5 is probably the most flawed of the series.<br /><br />The script written by Michael Jacobs, Dominique Othenin-Girard & Shem Bitterman was rather weak and filled with numerous clich&eacute;s; John Carpenter & Debra Hill they aren't. While not the worst script ever written, Halloween 5 has a lot of great ideas that never quite seem to work as well as they should. Bottom line is Halloween 5 feels more like a first draft rather than final shooting script.<br /><br />They had some excellent ideas that if just re-worked a bit would have made Halloween 5 a very strong and solid movie despite being yet another sequel to long running franchises that dominated the 80s. I love when Loomis says, \\"I prayed that he would burn in hell. But in my heart, I knew that hell would not have him.\\" That does show some decent writing right there, though it is very much Carpenter/Hill.<br /><br />The first half of the movie Jamie is a mute and she also has a psychic link with Michael Myers. While that may have turned off some fans I think it was actually a solid idea. Jamie is helpless and afraid, but the problem is when all is said and done the psychic link between the two never really seems to go anywhere. At the end of the day it didn't advance the plot. It seems the makers had some good ideas, but abandoned them along the way. Halloween 5 feels more like an early draft rather than final. Halloween 5 had some interesting ideas, but the execution wasn't really working well.<br /><br />Some problems with the movie are just simple little things. The opening scene was kind of idiotic, which apparently was re-shot with somebody else and not done by Dominique Othenin-Girard; why would the old hermit just keep Michael is his house for a whole year? It was obvious the guy was hurt and the way the scene plays out the hermit doesn't seem to know who Michael Myers is. Its things that like are what bring down Halloween 5.<br /><br />The hermit just lets Michael lay on the floor in a coma, logic would tell you to maybe go and get some help. The scene just really doesn't make any sense and bottom line is quite silly. The characters unlike the past Halloween movies are more of your standard slasher movie characters. One can argue so was the original, but that was the original the one that helped kick these movies into high gear.<br /><br />The characters lack the depth of some of the previous characters and seem to be there just to add to the body count. The one thing I did learn is the makers really must have liked Happy Days, since Mikey is obviously inspired by the Fonz. Tina is a character like the movie that fans love or hate; personally I liked Tina a lot. Ok, sure at times she was a bit annoying, but at the same time I found her quite likeable as well.<br /><br />The character of Sam had potential to be more than what she was, but she ends up being becoming the typical character in this type of movie, still she does the best she can and elevates the character just a bit. The one thing the makers did get right was the Loomis character; the guy is pretty much at a breaking point. We always knew he was obsessed with stopping Michael and here it shows even more. All the years and violence finally caught up to him and he's pretty much willing to do anything to stop Michael.<br /><br />Donald Pleasence is over the top at times, but that is exactly how the character is meant to be played. After the original Halloween, Loomis seemed to only be there since he was a fan favorite. Bottom line is he didn't really add much to the plot. But Halloween 5 actually does something with his character instead of standing around spitting out the same lines. Donald Pleasence is one of my very favorite actors. He can play a role straight, but also over the top when it's meant to be played that way.<br /><br />One of the biggest flaws is also the biggest asset for Halloween 5; The Myers house went from a normal sized house to a gothic like size mansion. Houses do not grow; I would have liked to have seen some kind of explanation on why the house is so big. Maybe someone was building there? May not be a great idea, but better than nothing.<br /><br />As a director Dominique Othenin-Girard fairs a bit better, while he isn't John Carpenter by any means he is able to put together some fairly decent scenes, but again the script really brings down the movie. While Dominique Othenin-Girard isn't a very good filmmaker he does show some signs of life. The pacing of Halloween 5 is very much mixed. There were too many scenes that take place is the daylight. While those scenes worked well in the original and were quite creepy they don't work quite as well here and some tension is lost due to that.<br /><br />As I said the pacing was very mixed; despite a running time of 95-minutes there were too many scenes that were a bit pointless and slow the pace down rather than moving it forward. The scene with Sammy and Tina, which seems to be outside the children's clinic where Jamie is, was just pointless. It didn't add anything to the movie and slowed down the pace. The introduction of Mikey could have been cut as well. In his next scene, which thankfully also happens to be his last would have served as a better intro and nothing plot wise would have been lost.<br /><br />Another debate with fans is the two cops who offer up the comedy relief. I actually did like the characters, but they did break up the tension. A lot of their scenes could have been edited out or edited down and even if only a few seconds here and there it would have greatly helped Halloween 5. That also brings me back to Tina, even though I did like her I will admit that at times she can be annoying in some spots. Editing would have helped there as well. Even if it was just one or two lines cut in some areas it would have taken away the more annoying scenes that Tina had.<br /><br />The prank Tina, Sam and Spitz play on the cops really could have been taken out as well. At this point in the movie the false scare really wasn't needed and plus it was fairly obvious it was a prank being pulled so due to that there was no suspense on the scene, which just makes it pointless. A lot of the scenes I brought up do greatly bring down the pacing; cutting those scenes wouldn't make Halloween 5 a classic of the genre, but I do think it would have made the movie a lot better.<br /><br />What so many people hate about Halloween 5 is what I love the most, and that's the death of Rachel. Now let me explain that. It's not that I didn't like the character, because I did. But killing off Rachel who was a major character in the previous so early on shows us anything is possible. Too many times the makers of these types of movies are afraid to take chances. They aren't willing to kill characters off because they are thinking about the next installment.<br /><br />Rachel was a great character, but her death also helped Halloween 5 in other ways as well. It made Jamie more vulnerable. I understand why so many fans were upset, but I felt it helped the movie in some ways. Of course the downside is we lost a great character, but like I said I liked her death early on because it showed nobody is safe.<br /><br />Director Dominique Othenin-Girard may not be a master of the horror genre, but he crafted several scenes that are the strongest of the series. The barn scene with Sam and Spitz was one of the more solid scenes in the movie. The barn scene does go on a bit too long and does drag in some spots, but it was also one of the more suspenseful moments of the movie. It had great tension and very creepy feel. It could have been trimmed down just a bit though.<br /><br />The car chase scene while a bit silly considering Michael really should have been able to run them down was a cool scene. It had some really great moments of suspense. Tina's death I thought was actually one of the finer moments in the sequels. She sacrifices herself for Jamie and Jamie watches as Michael stabs Tina. The way Michael holds Tina for a moment afterwards as she is dying and telling Jamie to run. Then Michael simply lays her down and turns his attention to Jamie. I think that scene was excellent and quite creepy.<br /><br />The final act to Halloween 5 was really strong as well. It was actually rather suspenseful and well-done. Again Dominique Othenin-Girard isn't what I would call a great director, but he does get some things right here and the chase scene in the final act he very much delivers. I still to this day feel the final act is a strong as any other final act in a horror movie. This is where the house being so big greatly adds to the movie; Having Michael chasing Jamie around was very creepy and very well done.<br /><br />Dominique Othenin-Girard and cinematographer Rob Draper do create a solid visual look. Halloween 5 isn't the most visually stunning movie I have ever seen, but it does look good. It has a European look much like the original Halloween did. Some people say Halloween 4 captured the style of the original. I have to disagree. Go back and watch Halloween 5. The look of the movie was very much crafted like the original Halloween.<br /><br />I think the mid-west look is captured but it's quite clear this movie was shot in the spring since the leaves are all green. But it's not a big deal since in the original we can see the fall look, but at times it's clear it's spring time. I do feel the night scenes had more of a fall look; spring nights can sometimes be cool out much like fall nights. So that wasn't so much the makers as it is mother nature.<br /><br />Another thing that has fans spilt is the man in black. Now you see this really was a double edged sword. Judging the man in black only in Halloween 5 and ignoring what he became it does add a great mystery to the movie. While, yes Halloween 5 is your typical stalk and slash movie the man in black gave it something a bit different. We have no idea who this guy is; he just appears out of nowhere. That added some mystery to the movie. But the problem was I really don't think there were many directions to take the character. I believe it was bound to be a letdown for fans.<br /><br />But judging it based only on Halloween 5 it was a solid mystery and the ending was a great cliffhanger and it was a shocking moment. The really funny thing though is how the man in black was able to take out the whole Haddonfield PD. Who was this guy really Jack Bauer?<br /><br />So that does show you the writers had some decent ideas, but again the script feels more like an early draft rather then a final draft. Halloween 5 clearly needed some more work done. Had the script been polished up in some areas I don't think it would be one of the all time greats, but the final product would have worked more. I'm not sure why there is so much hate for Halloween 5. In many ways it's your typical slasher movie that actually tries to be more than that. Halloween 5 has a solid plot, but gets lost due to the poor script. Halloween 5 has great music and a great villain and that helps elevate it over most slasher flicks released back in the 80s<br /><br />Despite all the flaws in Halloween 5 it also has some really strong points as well. It won't rate as one of my all time favorites, but I think it's a fun watch and a movie I like a lot more than I should.  Don't go in expecting anything like the original. Just watch it as a slasher movie and it works; not a perfect movie, but when all is said anddone it's a fun movie.n trimmed down just a bit though.    The car chase scene while a bit silly considering Michael really should have been able to run them down was a cool scene. It had some really great moments of suspense. Tina's death I thought was actually one of the finer moments in the sequels. She sacrifices herself for Jamie and Jamie watches as Michael stabs Tina. The way Michael holds Tina for a moment afterwards as she is dying and telling Jamie to run. Then Michael simply lays her down and turns his attention to Jamie. I think that scene was excellent and quite creepy.    The final act to Halloween 5 was really strong as well. It was actually rather suspenseful and well-done. Again Dominique Othenin-Girard isn't what I would call a great director, but he does get some things right here and the chase scene in the final act he very much delivers. I still to this day feel the final act is a strong as any other final act in a horror movie. This is where the house being so big greatly adds to the movie; Having Michael chasing Jamie around was very creepy and very well done.    Dominique Othenin-Girard and cinematographer Rob Draper do create a solid visual look. Halloween 5 isn't the most visually stunning movie I have ever seen, but it does look good. It has a European look much like the original Halloween did. Some people say Halloween 4 captured the style of the original. I have to disagree. Go back and watch Halloween 5. The look of the movie was very much crafted like the original Halloween.    I think the mid-west look is captured but it's quite clear this movie was shot in the spring since the leaves are all green. But it's not a big deal since in the original we can see the fall look, but at times it's clear it's spring time. I do feel the night scenes had more of a fall look; spring nights can sometimes be cool out much like fall nights. So that wasn't so much the makers as it is mother nature.    Another thing that has fans spilt is the man in black. Now you see this really was a double edged sword. Judging the man in black only in Halloween 5 and ignoring what he became it does add a great mystery to the movie. While, yes Halloween 5 is your typical stalk and slash movie the man in black gave it something a bit different. We have no idea who this guy is; he just appears out of nowhere. That added some mystery to the movie. But the problem was I really don't think there were many directions to take the character. I believe it was bound to be a letdown for fans.    But judging it based only on Halloween 5 it was a solid mystery and the ending was a great cliffhanger and it was a shocking moment. The really funny thing though is how the man in black was able to take out the whole Haddonfield PD. Who was this guy really Jack Bauer?    So that does show you the writers had some decent ideas, but again the script feels more like an early draft rather then a final draft. Halloween 5 clearly needed some more work done. Had the script been polished up in some areas I don't think it would be one of the all time greats, but the final product would have worked more. I'm not sure why there is so much hate for Halloween 5. In many ways it's your typical slasher movie that actually tries to be more than that. Halloween 5 has a solid plot, but gets lost due to the poor script. Halloween 5 has great music and a great villain and that helps elevate it over most slasher flicks released back in the 80s    Despite all the flaws in Halloween 5 it also has some really strong points as well. It won't rate as one of my all time favorites, but I think it's a fun watch and a movie I like a lot more than I should.  Don't go in expecting anything like the original. Just watch it as a slasher movie and it works; not a perfect movie, but when all is said and done it's a fun movie.
B000R7HY0K|4.0|I heard that the Grindhouse movies would be released separately on dvd when it was still playing in theaters , which is why I made sure I went to see it while it was still playing  . But I'm not surprised most people didn't know about the separate dvd releases since it was in and out of the theaters very quickly . I wasn't surprised that it didn't do very well either , since it was basically an exercise in nostalgia and most movie goers today are young people who never experienced B movie double features . In that respect it was a calculated gamble by Weinstein to ever give the go ahead for this movie to begin with .      Of the two I liked Deathproof much better , it had the feel and look of a 70s movie with Kurt Russell in a kind of psycho version of the Snake Pliskin character  . The only nudity though was in the Machete fake trailer which was disappointing since it was advertised as a movie that outdid any of the old B movies in every way and delivered on things that those old flicks never did  . Apparently that only applied to the gore in Planet Terror .        I don't like the way movie companies try to get fans to buy movies multiple times either -with packaged sets , special editions ,director's cuts ,later releases on HD/Blu Ray , and so on . But that's the nature of the business these days . Put in in your Netflix or Blockbuster queue , which is what I'm going to do . And if you must own it ,you can check the flyers in the Sunday paper to find it for less . Happy viewing !
B000063DFQ|4.0|Piece of Mind is hands down in my opinion the best Iron Maiden album.  All of their stuff is excellent yet this one has the hard edged hungry Iron Maiden that I love, this one put them in the main stream and Bruce Dickensons prescence was heavy and he was there to stay, Steve Harris plays a Bass guitar like no other and is also a heck of a song writer which he wrote the percentage of on this album, his Bass lines are heavy and untouchable.  These guys stand in the front of the line when it comes to the hard bangers of their time.  My hair might be graying and my gait is getting slower but I can still rock with the best of them when I put these guys on and turn it way up.  Awesome! The Pc interaction section of this CD has two great videos on it and there are a bunch of other things available as well, buy the CD and see how far it will take you!! You'll never be the same again.
B000QXDED6|1.0|First this movie is so long and boring, I almost turned it off twice! It focuses more on the slow motion kill scenes and the back drops than the acting or story line, which is weak anyway. This movie tries so hard to be another Gladiator! Even down to the wife and child in the wheat field at the end of the movie! Totally inaccurate historically and downright dumb. Only a few would enjoy this type of movie. Honestly this movie just sucked. Very disappointed in the acting and the story. Only one star.  Avoid! Don't even rent it!
B000FFJ85I|5.0|It is not often you find an album that you can pop in and leave playing all the way through. I never really heard of AFI before \\"miss murder\\". Infact I was not a fan of their genre in general. Though Miss Murder is what sparked my interest in the album, it is not my favorite by any means. I find myself more and more interested in the different styles showcased on this album. Kill Caustic is close to my favorite, but the Interview, 37mm, and Summer Shudder are all amazing tracks.    A highlight of the album is the closing track \\"On the Arrow\\" (only available on the i-tunes version of the album). A very folk-ish guitar progression and quite a beautiful song.    Easily one of my favorite albums I've heard in a long time.
B000P6XU56|5.0|Howard Hawks and John Wayne were both displeased by the underlying tone of \\"High Noon\\" and made \\"Rio Bravo\\" in response. While it was sort of dismissed by critics at the time of its release, it is now universally accepted as a true masterpiece and the quintissential Howard Hawks film. Even if you didn't see the credits roll, ten minutes into this one there's no doubt this is a film by Howard Hawks.<br /><br />The cast is absolutely flawless. Wayne is John T., the seasoned, bigger-than-life lawman trying to hold a killer in his jail while he gives old pal Dude (Dean Martin) time to recover from the shakes; a condition brought on, of course, by the wrong woman. This is a Howard Hawks film, after all. Hawks built the small western town of Texas in Tuson, and shaded it at 7/8 scale so that Wayne's massive presence would seem even larger than it did in real life.<br /><br />Martin gives a fabulous performance as a man trying to reach down deep and find his pride again. Once the best gun John T. ever saw, he slowly begins to show flashes of the cool customer he used to be before a woman forced him into the bottom of a whisky bottle. Baby-faced teen idol Rickey Nelson is great as the young gun, Colorado, smart enough to stay out of what's going on until his boss, an old friend of John's, takes a bullit in the back.<br /><br />Walter Brennan gives his usual old codger performance to perfection as Stumpy. He guards the prisoner and talks too much, and nearly shoots Dude by mistake he's so ready with the scatter gun. Everything is male about this film, including a young and leggy Angie Dickinson. The immediate mistrust of women, a theme running through many of Hawks' best films, is on glorious display here.<br /><br />Even after Dickinson proves she's on the up and up, John T. keeps trying to get her on the next stage before he ends up at the bottom of a bottle like Dude did; a thought much scarier than facing down the forty or so gunman just waiting for a chance to pick them off. She, of course, is in love with John so keeps finding ways to stay---ala Jean Arthur's character in \\"Only Angels Have Wings.\\" There is a ton of male humor and bonding over everything masculine in a film spectacularly Hawks in nature.<br /><br />Long and paced to allow his characters to develop, this is fabulously entertaining and one of the great films in the western genre. A fabulous ending every guy will enjoy and completely understand set the tone for all westerns that would come down the trail after \\"Rio Bravo.\\" Hawks' fans don't want to miss this one. A true film classic.ve with John so keeps finding ways to stay---ala Jean Arthur's character in \\"Only Angels Have Wings.\\" There is a ton of male humor and bonding over everything masculine in a film spectacularly Hawks in nature.     Long and paced to allow his characters to develop, this is fabulously entertaining and one of the great films in the western genre. A fabulous ending every guy will enjoy and completely understand set the tone for all westerns that would come down the trail after \\"Rio Bravo.\\" Hawks' fans don't want to miss this one. A true film classic.
1592402690|5.0|I couldn't put this book down....what a fascinating first hand account of one of the most infuential musical experiences in modern history. I think you will find it particularly interesting if you write and record music, as Geoff's recollections are incredibly detailed and specific. It's truly unbelievable that he could remember so much of what happened in such picture perfect detail, and it is a lasting testament to critical and often unsung heroics of the worlds best audio engineers. Howard Massey did an excellent job helping Geoff make this material completely accessible to the lay person and fan as well. When I proposed to my wife in 2002 I wrote a symphonic piece and surprised her at Capitol Records in Studio A, where we recorded it live (I proposed afterwards). While they were mixing the music we took a tour of Capitol Records, and when we returned there was a gentleman in the studio playing the most beautiful music on the grand piano. We listened for awhile, then entered to studio and spoke with him for almost half an hour. What a lovely man, and what great music. That was Geoff Emerick. Perhaps someday we will hear you on the other side of the glass young man:)  Thanks so much for sharing your amazing life with us Geoff. As I sit at my grand piano in Maui I can't thank you enough for the inspiration. Warmest aloha from Maui, Tim & Michele Heile
B000FA57US|4.0|This sequel really wasn't that bad...All the reviews that I have been reading here about \\"Halloween 5\\" claims that it is the worst sequel to the \\"Halloween\\" franchise.... NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!! The worst was \\"Halloween 3\\".  I am so sure that more people will agree...! The Rob Zombie remake of \\"Halloween\\" will someday be listed as one of the worst remakes in history!
1591841666|1.0|I only had small hopes for this book, but they were not met. The book didn't really live up to it's promise of teaching me to when to quit or stay. All it said to me is that if I'm in a dip with regard an activity and I can't be number one in the world at it, I should quit. it assumes I know whether I am likely to be #1.   Two bits I did like - the ice cream statistics and I get to decide how big my definition of \\"the world\\" is.
B000BHN7DE|4.0|OK, i got this CD by mistake, and when i started to play it i was like, is this sandra st. victor from the family stand!  I had to look at the CD cover again.  Her music is tight, and she can SANG!   Great CD, Blue eye soul from a new artist.  Pick up the CD, you will be surpised!
074356619X|5.0|I have the audio CD and listen to it while I drive.  It is read beautifully by the author with some of the contributors' own voices.  Human voice has a unique power to get the message across, and when well done like this, I almost prefer it to texts.<br /><br />The only thing I disagree is that the Secret has been kept secret by certain group of people.  On the contrary, I think there have been many people who attempted to teach this law to the public.  Jesus was one of them --- he repeatedly tells his disciples and followers that they can do the same kind of miracles, and some more.  Lao Tsu describes how the wish manifests effortlessly.  And there are more teachers in the recent and contemporary time, as you find in this book / CD.<br /><br />Nevertheless, the Secret stayed unknown to most of us.  I guess it is because the law is so different from what we are conditioned to believe - it is not difficult but it takes clear mind to get the message.<br /><br />The last part of the book, where the \\"Secret of You\\" is discussed, is especially note-worthy.  I strongly recommend reading the book again after you read this part - the whole message will be so much easier to understand.<br /><br />I also like the idea of referring it as the Secret rather than the Law of Attraction.  The word \\"attraction\\" can cause some misunderstanding.  It is about creating from within rather than attracting.  The things / people/ events of my desire may appear to be attracted to my life, but that is only the physical manifestation part of the process, and the most critical part is the invisible creation that cause the manifestation.<br /><br />BTW after two months of the Secret, I am now the author of Gratitude-magic.com.  My personal life is taking a big change, too.  Thank you for the Secret!
0316067598|4.0|Lone Survivor is an incredible true story about Navy SEALs, our elite warriors, in action against terrorists. The book also encapsulates the Spartan-like training program and severe process of elimination every SEAL must endure to earn his trident. This heart-wrenching story of a military operation gone terribly wrong despite the skills and intentions of our best soldiers re-enforced my own beliefs. Politicians don't win wars; soldiers do if they receive the necessary support. Rules of engagement are ludicrous for those who risk theirs lives everyday in a hostile, unpredictable environment. The book left me with more questions than answers about operation Redwing and the decisions that caused our best-trained soldiers to die.
0486237664|5.0|Used several of these drawings in projects. Books like this are great for those of us designers who aren't the best freehand drawers.
0141439610|4.0|I'll confess that I almost put The Woman in White down after the first fifty pages or so. It seemed obvious to me what would happen: a beautiful and delicate heiress falls in love with a poor drawing master, but is forced to renounce him for the evil nobleman who really only wants her money. Then, the intricate plotting (the story is related in the voices of different characters) drew me in and the plot turned out to be not quite so obvious, after all. Sure, you can read quickly past some of the verbose descriptions, Marion is too good to be true, and Collins does deal in stock figures when it comes to the \\"lower\\" classes. Despite these flaws, the mystery at the heart of the novel will keep you turning the pages. It's a wonderful diversion when you're too tired for more weighty reading matter and you'd like a detective story that's decidedly NOT contemporary. The portrait of the \\"invalid\\" uncle, Mr. Fairlie, is wickedly delicious, too. Have fun.
B000JSI7BM|4.0|The Devil Wears Prada has always been a guilty pleasure of mine.  I'm a guy who loves romance, comedies, and other chick flicks; however, my sense of fashion (or even interest in it, for that matter) is lacking, and I don't have a desire to jump into the fashion world.  I suppose Miranda Priestly would completely despise me, but that's not such a bad thing.    The Devil Wears Prada is about Andy Sachs--a recent graduate looking to make something happen for herself in the professional world.  She's interested mostly in journalism, but, unfortunately, she's run into little to no luck landing a job.  This supposed strike against her doesn't appear to be as bad as the one she experiences within the first 15 minutes of the film.  For some strange reason, she applies and interviews for an assistant-to-the-chief-editor position at Runway, the world's premiere magazine in fashion.  The reason this is so strange is that she literally has no sense of fashion whatsoever (an understatement!  Watch the first ten minutes and you'll know what I mean, and I don't even have a sense of fashion!).  Miranda (Chief Editor) takes one look at her and practically judges Andy's entire life based on the sweater and skirt she's wearing.  It's a subtle, tense, and completely hilarious scene all at once, and we see Andy leave in disgust as she's sure she's not gotten the job.    Well, as odd ironic movie fate would have it, Andy lands the job and works as Miranda's second assistant.  The film steadily shows Andy's strong dedication to her job and her ever-increasing fashionable side.  She grows into a character whom she loves and eventually dislikes, leading to more irony and self-realization.    Even though the film does not have incredible character arcs and overwhelming tension, it still remains clever and well-written.  The actors (especially Streep and Blunt) give outstanding performances, and it's through these listed elements that makes this film one to enjoy a few times over.    ***Blu-ray***  The Blu-ray disc for The Devil Wears Prada is single layer BD-25, and the picture comes across strong in most scenes.  The city takes are relatively short, so don't expect to be blown away by nighttime New York (there's just not much to oooh aaaww at here), and there's really no special effects because, honestly, this isn't an action film.  But the colors are all natural and breath-taking, keeping the film relateable instead of surreal.  What you see is a drama about fashion and self-realization delicately worked on by hi-def fashion artists.  The film works and so does its picture.  Take it for what it is, and you should be pleased.
1400079179|4.0|This is a unique book in the sense that the author uses a thrilling plot to put across his perspective on history. In the process you end up reading a lot of history that you would not otherwise care for. In a way this is similar to what Vishnu Sharma, the composer of Panchatantra did, though Panchatantra contains hundreds of interlocking tales, all designed to teach the readers a lesson.<br /><br />And that's what Dan Brown has done. He has used this book to tell people what many scholars have believed for a long time, that there are many things about the Catholic Church that we don't know. And some of these things are not so nice. That is perhaps the reason why the book irritates some readers.<br /><br />The plot is interesting, particularly if you haven't already read Angels and Demons, which is almost similar in structure and style. What is also interesting is the side-trips into art history and religious symbolism that the hero keeps making all the time. As I said, the plot is only the sugar-coating around the bitter pill, so expect a lot of these side trips.<br /><br />However, it must be remembered that interpretation of religious symbols is extremely controversial and is often affected by academic extermism. Therefore, such interpretation must not be treated as a valid comment on a faith, unless endorsed by the practitioners or scholars from within the faith itself. Some of the interpretations of religious sysmbols are downright idiotic and hilarious: for instance, he tells us that entrance to a church building actually symbolises entering a woman's genitals. Like many others, he also sees the sexual in the sacred almost everywhere - though he misses the obvious sexuality of his companion till the very end of the novel.<br /><br />Dan Brown's take on Church history has also spawned a bit of a storm and a backlash. Most people don't like their beliefs being questioned (though the Church often forgets this when it comes to dealing with other faiths). The book also contains many statements which are not really verifiable, and are probably an exercise in intellectual speculation. This has naturally led to a string of denials, and has spawned a series of books which tell you whether Dan Brown's da Vinci Code is based on facts or on fiction.<br /><br />Ultimately then you should buy this book for its tale, and for the lesson that there may be many truths.<br /><br />An illustrated edition of this book is available separately. This has pictures of most of the places that are mentioned in the plot.s which are not really verifiable, and are probably an exercise in intellectual speculation. This has naturally led to a string of denials, and has spawned a series of books which tell you whether Dan Brown's da Vinci Code is based on facts or on fiction.     Ultimately then you should buy this book for its tale, and for the lesson that there may be many truths.     An illustrated edition of this book is available separately. This has pictures of most of the places that are mentioned in the plot.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|Bought this movie for $5 and loved it! It's the best movie ever. Ewan McGregor is an awesome actor and loved his accent. I watched the movie over and over again. I just cant get enough. Great work by all the cast. Loved Beatrix mother she played her part well. Great for the whole family. Very pleased that it had no profanity. If you have not seen it you need to get it now!
B000002LK1|5.0|This is one of the cornerstone albums in the history of music. If you have a good surround system with a good amp. at your home, you'd better go for the special edition version, that's mixed in 5.1 SACD. Listening to that version, you can catch the details of the arrangements that you've never heard before. We all give 5 out of 5 for this album, but I think -if there was a chance - we'd all agree that it's more than that :)
0823003590|4.0|Its really a good book.  What i liked about it . is how its simple yet advanced.  Really diversed , which can serve well the beginners and the skilled artists.
0767827902|5.0|I love this DVD! Cybil Sheppard is my favorite actress and her performance here is awesome. She was very young but still excellent! You'll love the story line and your interest stays peaked all the way through!
0739341340|5.0|My 25-minute commute to and from work with a MP3 player is not at all stressful but sometimes monotonous. I plopped in the audio book CDs sequentially into my now-obsolete auto CD player, and voila!  Well spent time listening to a useful method, a small part of which I already knew but hadn't yet codified into a formulaic like \\"SUCCES\\" (you can read the reviews here for the meaning of that acronym).<br /><br />This audio book did it for me.  I deal with colleagues that don't know how to write proposals and with others trying to teach exclusively from text-only PowerPoint charts at 40-60 slides per hour (yuck!). I now come in with a new acronym (SUCCES) and wow them into thinking about what they're trying to do. Sometimes it's to get their audiences to remember what they want.  Whether or not our audience remembers who said something often times isn't as important as what they remember was said. If you adhere to the principles found in this book, later your audience may find that they can't seem get your key ideas out of their head.  For instance, the example of Steven Jobs on the spur of the moment tossing his appointment planner on the conference table as an example of the size/shape of a conceptual notepad computer when briefing a potential investment firm.  That simple idea echoed in the minds of his audience well after his presentation and got him his intended investment.<br /><br />Note that buyers of this work could have very different expectations. Avoid buyer's remorse by understanding what this book really is.  \\"How sticky ideas are created\\" is a reasonable subtitle. The framework used here is conceptual; an exhaustive list of detailed how-to examples or processes won't be found here.  I believe that reader's experience and imagination is needed to complete the lesson to obtain real value. Those looking for advanced material in this subject area will probably be disappointed.  But for those just learning this subject area, there is very good material here.<br /><br />Now a word on the subject matter delivery: it isn't very consistent in my opinion.  That's where the audio book comes in: the CD keeps playing and you get to listen with one ear for those known boring sections.  However I periodically found that my 25-minute commute wasn't long enough because I kept punching the rewind button on the CD player.  In particular, the last chapter is very meaty--in fact too meaty.  I would like more explanation and more examples in this chapter.  However, this may be asking a little too much from the authors.  Maybe the best examples are the ones that we have personally encountered but didn't know what to do.  Do people listen to your ideas and simply walk away? Others argue, but don't agree to carry the ball forward? Still others just don't listen at all?  These examples need to be reflectively thought through and new example approaches imagined before you encounter these situations again.  This is where the rubber meets the road.  Don't trash the book if it doesn't give you the exact answer.  Trash your knee jerk reactions instead and think about new tricks using the approach in this book.on the subject matter delivery: it isn't very consistent in my opinion.  That's where the audio book comes in: the CD keeps playing and you get to listen with one ear for those known boring sections.  However I periodically found that my 25-minute commute wasn't long enough because I kept punching the rewind button on the CD player.  In particular, the last chapter is very meaty--in fact too meaty.  I would like more explanation and more examples in this chapter.  However, this may be asking a little too much from the authors.  Maybe the best examples are the ones that we have personally encountered but didn't know what to do.  Do people listen to your ideas and simply walk away? Others argue, but don't agree to carry the ball forward? Still others just don't listen at all?  These examples need to be reflectively thought through and new example approaches imagined before you encounter these situations again.  This is where the rubber meets the road.  Don't trash the book if it doesn't give you the exact answer.  Trash your knee jerk reactions instead and think about new tricks using the approach in this book.
B00006LLLN|5.0|Allison has a superb voice and singing style and it seems like the words just flow from her! If you like Country or if you like Bluegrass or a blend of the two then you'll want this CD. The quality of the CD is excellent and you won't be disappointed! Fast Delivery too!
B00003CXA6|4.0|Gettysburg is a really good film if you're a civil war fan, or even if you're not willing to go that far and are only slightly interested you'll still probably get something out of it.  The acting is alright (if you can get past martin sheen as robert e. lee...that ain't quite right) the score is fantastic and the battle scenes are powerful and memorable.<br /><br />But this is a long movie.  A really really long one.  At 4 hours and 15 minutes it's one of the longest feature films ever released.  And even though I can sit through three hours of just about anything if it's interesting and fun, there's something about that fourth hour that gets to you.  So excessive length is the only real demerit here.<br /><br />But if the civil war interests you and you haven't checked this flick out yet, give it a go.  Wait for some rainy sunday afternoon and pop it in.  You won't be disappointed.
B000HC2PCM|5.0|What can anyone say about Merle Haggard that has not already been said? He has an awesome voice that brings for delightful country songs almost effortlessly. Years and years of quality songs and song writing that cannot be beat! High quality CD and a fair price. The delivery is super fast too!
B000UX6TRK|1.0|I have exchanged 3 different copies on the latest Lionel Richie - Live in Paris CD/DVD. All 3 copies DVD on the 5.1 Surround Sound doesn't have any sound coming out on left channel on the 5.1 Surround Sound. I have contact his record labels and they have e-mail me or contact me back at all. That's how they treat their fans.
B0000A7W14|5.0|Boyz N the Hood is a nitty gritty look at South LA (formerly known as South Central LA) and is one of John Singleton's best pictures. Because it is so gripping and real. Cuba Gooding Jr. gives a stand-alone performance playing Tré Styles; a young man that is on the brink of self discovery. Most of Tré's childhood friends got locked up but Tré led a pretty square life. Thanks to the support of his father, Jason 'Furious' Styles (Laurence Fishburne.) Boyz N the Hood will keep you glued to your seats. It will make you think and it will make you laugh. But, most of all it will make you sad; because this is not just a movie. This is a true story.
B0000A98ZP|5.0|Ally Sheedy! Molly Ringwald! Emilio Estevez! Judd Nelson! Does it get more 80's than that? I don't think so. One of the best teen movies of the 80's; if not the very best! Pure 80's Excitement!
B0000AK7AB|3.0|Journey with a pig's life on a farm, as it talks. Still not as annoying as \\"Look Who's Talking (1989)\\", but, not as good as Koneko monogatari (1986) [aka The Adventures of Milo and Otis (1989)].    This movie is a bit boring, as talking animals who don't talk in real life, talk with sarcastic quips. Will the pig go on to another movie? Will the farmer win a prize for the pig? Should they have cut the dull parts out? I don't know, but, as a movie to watch mabye once every five years, this would be the movie for you.
B000M4RG42|4.0|I am a big fan of Clint Eastwood as a director.  In my opinion, he is second only to Woody Allen as the best active American director.  I had planned on viewing \\"Flags of Our Fathers\\" at the movie theater but it was only there one week.  I started reading some rather negative reviews and wondered if the problem was with the reviewers.  I finally rented the video last night and I must admit that my first impressions were mixed.     The main problem that I had with \\"Flags of Our Fathers\\" was the frequent time shifts both forward and backward.  This is becoming a more common techique, I'm finding.  Usually it works (otherwise, why would a director utilize if if he didn't have a purpose in mind?).  However, sometimes it doesn't and the audience is left unintentionally confused or out of the loop.  I was not confused by this technique in FOOF but I did feel out of the loop.    This is a story that works along the lines of the classic Western \\"The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance\\".  We look at reality through the eyes of how it occurred and how it was perceived.  In TMWSLV we have the great line, \\"When the legend becomes fact, print the legend\\".  That was essentially what the protagonists were suggesting in FOOF and, although the reasons varied, the characters were still pawns in something bigger that they were.  In \\"Flags of Our Fathers\\" the message was essentially spelled out in the closing monologue and the gist of it was there were no heros; just common men placed in uncommon situations who, through luck and pluck, realized different outcomes.    The famous flag waving on top of Mt Suribachi is something we're all familiar with.  The movie asks us to examine the picture and its' patriotic meaning in our common heritage and to review reality and perception.  We are led to focus on the reality (although there are several times when the charlatans in the movie make their case for \\"perception\\" with eloquence).  The three surviving soldiers from the event are wisked back stateside to boost war bond sales to jump-start the failing war economy.  Their intro-spective perception was that they were no heros; just three people in the right place at the right time.  Their main focus were their comrades who died leaving their names meaningless in comparison.  That's where I realize the time shifts failed; the lack of character development up to that point in the movie left me knowing way more about the three main characters and wondering just who the other three were.  This may have been intentional but it wasn't helpful.  Eventually we are reunited back in time and follow what happened to the other three; soldiers we realize we'd met earlier but to whom we weren't properly introduced.    The movie closes strong and that altered my impression initially but the misunderstanding along the way I blame more on the director than myself.  I was also bothered by my perception that the writer and director gave us just the information we needed to come to the same conclusion that they did which, to me, was the same method and purpose of the big shot publicity people in the movie.  In the end, it is the individual soldier who has had to make it through all of this and make his own peace with the past; that was the aspect of \\"Flag of Our Fathers\\" that I liked the best.
B000HKYI4M|5.0|\\"Fallen Hero\\" very good (excellent for 1st season of ST:E)! However, the Amazon summary \\"stars\\" *** is based on reviews of which only TWO out of TEN (currently) discuss \\"Fallen Hero.\\" I'm giving it ***** rather than the **** which it deserves to compensate a little.  The preview, albeit the lead-in to the episode, is followed immediately by orders from Star Fleet Command directing Enterprise to retrieve a Vulcan ambassador being recalled in disgrace. I suppose Amazon is bound by contract only to show the lead-in, but this one gives absolutely NO feeling for the actual content. I suspect the downloads on this one would increase greatly if Amazon were able to show, for example, what follows immediately after the 1st commercial would have been.
B00005JKJA|5.0|I like this film very much, I'm not sure if it really makes sense but I don't think it is necessarily supposed to - its making appears to have been an organic process that is more or less open to cohesive interpretation.    I don't think clarity or coherence is necessarily a weakness however, adult viewers, generally, don't want to be spoon-fed the plot details - it is much more satisfying to work out what is going on and be able to offer various different assessments of what that is. Ultimately such a film is liable to tell us something of our own fears and stage of development in life as we attempt to apprehend a thread.    The central themes revolve around identity, self-delusion, lack of control. We aspire to become something better and beyond what we are and often delude ourselves into thinking that we can become more than we in reality can be. The character(s) of Betty/Diane is in an amalgam of a dream, hallucination or delusional state but it might also be seen that all the characters are figments of a dream/illusion that is not being dreamt by anyone in particular - in this film the unreality particularly pertains to the Hollywood dream factory, but it could equally apply, albeit in generally less strong measure, to all walks of life.  People change and exchange roles all the time, we move to different places, different work environments, different situations and we attempt to fit in or to impose ourselves on our new situations. A measure of how successful we are in fitting in relates to the extent to which we identify to a bigger perspective at the expense of individuality. Constraints on such success are often beyond our control, we rationalize our existence and lie a little to ourselves in order to fit in to the new 'objectified' world that we perceive that is ultimately illusory...the 'wahn' - an emergent higher order perception that exists only within the confounds of the particular environment.  Sometimes things happen that break us out of this 'wahn',this illusion, and we become self-aware - that is we perceive how different we are and in what ways we do not fit in... our perception of the illusory world becomes internalized and we thus have, and simultaneously question, our individual identity.  The characters in Mulholland Drive, at different stages in the film, exhibit loss of such individual identity. 'Rita' does not know who she is but aptly labels herself with the first name of a famous actress, her confident character Camilla Rhodes in the latter third of the film is really just a product manufactured by Hollywood, she has found her place at the expense of her sense of self. Betty is a confident and independent character aspiring to be a part of the Hollywood dream. When, in the latter third, she becomes Diane, it is not clear if her life as Betty was a dream or perhaps a somewhat glossed sense of herself as confident newby apt to fit into Hollywood but whose ultimate frustration at not being accepted by Hollywood led to pained internalized perception of the world - Diane possibly being a new name that she chooses in order to fit in but without success. Adam Kescher fits in by accepting his lack of identity in the film project over which he thought he originally had some control - he becomes another product of Hollywood who loses interest in artistic integrity as an expression of individual identity. His sense of self becomes occluded in the 'wahn', individual reality drowned by an externalized bigger re-presentation of the world imposed by the Hollywood dream factory and commercial interests.  Essentially we see dreams and aspirations of fitting into some bigger picture soaking up individual identity and control.    This is how I identify with the film. I think it is one thread but I don't pretend to offer a definitive interpretation of a film which probably does not yield this. The use of music and cinematography speaks to us at the level of the subconscious: the strangely spooky black monster, the clairvoyant woman, the club silencio - all evocative and seemingly demonstrative of our fears relating to lack of both self-knowledge and 'external reality'.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|I saw this film before I bought the soundtrack. I enjoyed the music during the film, particularly Glen's amazing vocals(lead actor and focus of the film).
0321344758|5.0|Steve walks the talk with this beautifully laid out and wonderfully structured book about usability. This book is perfect for anyone who wants to understand how real people use the internet, indeed, how real people read  just about anything. Steve provides lots of great examples you can use with clients who want a beautiful website design but have no idea that some of their choices will turn their customers off. This book is amusing and very easy to read - it's the best book on web usability I've found.
B0000027RL|5.0|It's been years since I first bought this nostalgic CD so I got this one because the price was so cheap.  The seller sent it within 3 days of the original purchase and I appreciated that.  I look forward to buying from them in the future.
B0007M22TI|5.0|This production of \\"Celtic Woman\\" is easily the better of the two Celtic Woman concert DVDs. It is elegantly performed and produced, with no pretentions. Such a nice thing to play, even if one is just listening to the music.
B0002TX4QQ|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read in a while and I read everything! It is riveting, creepy, intelligent, and profound.  I just devoured it.  It's one of those stories that stays with you long after you finish the last page. This was my first book of Lionel Shriver's and I can't wait to read more of her stuff.  Great book!
B0000AM6IY|5.0|Inarguably \\"West Side Story\\" is the greatest American musical film ever, hands down.  \\"Singing in the Rain\\" is the greatest musical without stage origins but \\"West Side Story\\" transcends it's stage roots to far surpass any other musical.  The stars alligned for this film and it works on all cylinders.  Where to begin.  Robert Wise's direction is fluid.  Jerome Robbins' choreography is vibrant and life affirming.  The music score by Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim is transcendent without a bum note in the bunch.  Boris Leven's spare but evocative art direction is a marvel to behold.  The performances here are a marvel to behold.  Russ Tamblyn, Richard Beymer, Rita Moreno and George Chakiris are simply brilliant.  The film took some flack for casting a non-Latina, Natalie Wood(a non-singer as well), as Maria but I think that's overstated.  Wood's casting may smack of commercial considerations but she was one of the finest actresses of her generation and is more than adequate here. Viewing \\"West Side Story\\" is mandatory for any serious student of American film, musical or otherwise.
B000KRNCYY|5.0|I ordered this CD with the intent of listening to it as I drifted off to sleep in the evening.  It worked, but the first thing I noticed, the CD will never match seeing these singers on tv and wow! if you could see them in person.  For me, I have yet to hear the end of the CD as I drift off to sleep before it reaches that point.  It was for me a good buy.  I like these ladies singing and their visual appearance.
B000I5Y8ZU|5.0|I LOVE this CD. Quite possibly the most amazing CD I own. After a week of owning it, I decided to go to a My Chemical Romance concert. I knew they were good, but I didn't know they were this good!!! I listen to every single song on this CD and know every single word to every single song. I LOVE THISSS!!!
B00003CXA6|2.0|The movie seemed historically accurate as told from the Union side. Unfortunately, the movie leaves out many important battlefield events--events like the \\"battle of the wheatfield,\\" or the fighting in the orchard. Much is left out. My main complaint was a lack of passion in this movie--a lack of emotion. The characters walk into the battle like toy soldiers, albeit colorful ones. They seem to take pride in a lack of emotion. On every level, this movie fails to show the stress of battle, the fear, the hatred, the horror or emotion of human beings shooting each other down by the hundreds like cattle on a smoky, choking, dusty, noisy, confused battlefield. Maybe I am missing the point, but I just could not feel this movie--it lacked emotion, and I probably would not watch it again.
B000069HJM|1.0|I actually liked Brother Where You Bound better than Famous Last Words because Brother Where You Bound sounded like a great politically charged album with a lot of sentiment and a jazzy feel with some great musical compliments between the vocals.  Famous Last Words was so pop oriented, except the final two lavish songs which I liked.  Then came Free As A Bird and it became apparant that Davies had lost all song writing inspiration.  The album falls flat in every catagory, not only the songs are poorly written but the arrangements and the music affects are terrible.  This is one of the worst albums I have ever bought by one of my favorite groups.  Davies would not improve with subsequent releases and after Brother Where You Bound, he should have never made more albums with the name Supertramp.  As Roger Hodgson proved on albums like \\"The Open Door\\", he still had the ability to write some great songs and carry them out on a fine CD.  Had Supertramp carried on with both Davies and Hodgson, the result of their material would have been FAR better than this.  Too bad it has never happened!
B00000I26R|4.0|The Crimson Idol is a great concept album from the great songwriter Blackie Lawless. From what I understand, this album was written by and performed (mostly) by Blackie. If that's true it shows just how great a musician he is. Concept albums are not always consistent in story or form but the great ones like Tommy or Operation Mindcrime have a cohesiveness that ties it all together. I would put the Crimson Idol right up there with those albums. I for one have always loved the marriage of Blackie's sometimes tender and sometimes forceful singing. He is a showman as well as a musician. This is rock and roll after all.  He knows when a simple acoustic guitar and gently sung lyrics are all that's necessary for a song and at the same time he knows when it's time to turn up the distortion and the tempo and let it rock. On this album, as Jonathan, (the main character), goes through his story, you will hear plenty of both. I have always loved the quality of Blackies voice and the harmonies that he weaves into his songs and you get plenty of that here. While he is no Mozart, he is all metal. Some of the best songs ever made are very simple songs, hence the success of AC/DC. If you are looking for more of what W.A.S.P. has always been about-simple, straightforward songs sung with passion and determiniation, you will find all of that here. I believe Blackie has brought his experience and insight of years in the music business into a very well crafted album. I'm sure that this is not auto-biographical, but at the same time it probably has elements all through it that he has either experienced first hand or seen up close from band members and others in the business. I think that it adds an element of realism that some of his other work is missing. Of course like I said, this is metal, let's not think about it too much. Put it in and turn it up. The Crimson Idol is a solid, catchy, and at times, full-blast rock album. I have and do recommend it to anyone who ever loved any W.A.S.P. song. A solid 4.5 star effort. Congrats Blackie!
B0002VKZL6|5.0|I love Dire Straits and Mark Knopfler. I think he is right up there with Springsteen, McCartney, Bob Dylan, Paul Simon, Willie Nelson and Elton John as one of the premier singer-songwriters of the last 40 years. I have all his albums.    I think this is his best album. Like Dylan's most recent album, \\"Modern Times\\", it the music of a mature and consummate artist, in many ways the distillation of years and years of writing and performing great music. Also like that album it is one that I come back to again and again. For a solid month and a half after I got it I listened to virtually no other CD in my car stereo. It is loaded with great songs, including the title track. I liked it so much I searched out and bought the LP version. (I am an audiophile with expensive analog and vacuum tube equipment and about 5K LPs.) It sounds even better on the LP version!    Highly recommended.
B00005G8NH|5.0|If I could give this album 10 stars I would.  I wore this thing out when I first got it and still listen to it quite often.  There isn't one song that I ever skip or don't like.    The thing that makes this album stand out for me is the writing.  Her lyrics are so intelligent, but not so much that they take away from the likeability of the songs.  It is refreshing that an artist takes the time to phrase things in a unique way instead of settling for the first thing that comes to them.  Just a couple examples \\"My pretty mouth will frame the phrases that will disprove your faith in man\\", and \\"It's true, I do imbue my blue unto myself, I make it bitter\\" Nobody that I know of writes the way Fiona does.  There may be others, but I haven't heard them.    While it is frustrating that there is so much time between her releases, I can live with it because she doesn't write for others, for fame, or even for her way of life.  When she writes, it's because she has stuff to say.  I, for one, am always ready to hear what that is.
B000AP04NI|5.0|The 50th anniversary DVD of Rogers & Hammerstein's \\"Oklahoma\\" is a gem. The colors and sounds are clean and clear and rich. Gordon MacRae's voice and Shirley Jones' voice are both nuanced and lovely.    Maybe it takes one years to truly appreciate the depth and power of this piece and what it might have meant to America in 1943 when it first appeared on Broadway.    This version restores all that original magic.
0895260131|1.0|You're vfar better advised to buy Spencer's \\"Truth about Mohammad\\", in which case don't bother buying this too.  Quite a lot of the material overlaps, and \\"Truth about Mohammad\\" is a much more serious, thorough and substantial analysis.  This book is a bit superficial and trashy in comparison.
B0002ZDVEU|2.0|Except for the terrible shaking camera, this was a good movie with lots of action and a good story line. I had to look away on some scenes to keep from getting sick due to all the camera motion.
0812974611|4.0|The author knows how to build excitement and develop interesting characters.  This is difficult to do in a short, action book.<br /><br />Those who enjoy novels by Stephen Saylor will like this book too.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Browncoat is the name of a fan of the series Firefly. Believe me when I say that if you watch this you will love of every second of it. I have bought a lot of stuff from amazon and this is the only product I loved so much that I had to give it a review.  A week ago I had no idea what Firefly was truly about and now I know! I never gave it a chance because the only thing I knew about it was that it was a show that replaced my favorite show \\"Dark Angel\\". And now it is my favorite show, thats pretty cool for a show to replace your favorite show and then I ends up being your new favorite show. Take my advice buy Firefly the series and the movie Serenity, but watch the series first and then the movie.  If you watch the movie first and then the series it will be too late.  I never got a chance to watch the movie this summer when it came on tv and I have to say I was glad I missed it because I would have never looked into Firefly. Believe me if you never saw Firefly or Serenity I was just like you. I was sitting there just like you looking into this and bought the series box set and the movie, and it was one of the best decisions I ever made. Buy this trust me, I was a skeptic just like you and now I am a obsessed fan... a \\"Browncoat\\".
B00078XKDE|2.0|Good album title.  I picked this up because of a buzz in the music press, and thought it was pretty monotonous.  A good example of guitar rock caught in a creative rut. (Axton)
B000002BBY|5.0|oasis are in my opinion are one of the elite bands of the 90's.  This album is so great it is easy to see why critics all around were raving about it.  When you hit the play button, you are engulfed into a guilty pleasure of amazing song writing, catchy tunes, layers of string arrangments, thunder like rockers, swaying yet powerful ballads, the bravado of the gallagher brothers is swiftly heard just in the music.     Starting off with what sounds like a intro to the song that made oasis world-wide known  as if oasis knew that it was going to be an amazing hit then changing into the heavy High-tempo rocker we are introduced to the rocking \\"Hello\\", kicking the album into high gear and staying at that speed, the cocky, catchy, feel good \\"roll with it\\" comes into play, and what an amazing song this is.. Liam gallagher's voice is quite angelic (not in recent times, but in the hay day it was superb).  Now the amazing beatlesque ballad wonderwall, which is such an amazing song, you wonder if they stole it...that somehow a song this astonishing can exhist..one of the problems with the record however is that the production seems to be lacking, such as with wonderwall, where the intro is so quiet you have to turn it up, then the vocals come blistering, and you need to turn it down.    Now Noel gallagher get's to sing a song of his finally, and you can tell the Chief has a bigger connection with the song, as in the amazing Don't look back in anger, which is a rest from the repetition that oasis sometimes get into.  Rolling along with the 60's like \\"hey now\\", to the powerful \\"Some might say\\", which has an amazing guitar intro and melody, we are brought to the incredible \\"cast no shadow\\" which is, my personal favorite.. an incredible ballad wrote for the verves (great band as well) frontman richard ashcroft..the string arrangment is beautiful, the verse, chorus and everything about this song is incredible, written on the same day as wonderwall, you can tell Noel had a epiphany of some sort.      Now at the stretch of the album, we hear the pubby, fun sing along \\"Shes electric\\" to the Rocking over produced (in a good way) Morning glory.. which is a excellent song that pumps the heart up, with thunderous guitar and drug related lyrics.  This all leads to the epic, transcendent \\"Champagne supernova\\"  With Liams Improved singing over the last album, being more textured and skillful just takes over the middle section of this song, then with the help of paul weller, we hear guitar solos everywhere, It takes a very harsh, ignorant person to not like this album, but this is music to my ears, most def. candy music, self indulgent, Oasis truly are an oasis in Modern music, and as the great bands of the 90's dissapear, oasis  will have an ever-lasting affect on the indie, and rock and roll scene.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Yup, worth every buck I spent on this documentary. Besides the awesome visuals and sights you get to enjoy, its pretty great to show to friend too. Slip it into your player and watch their eyes pop out... finally you are able to justify shelling out more than $3000 on your HD set up!
0767817710|3.0|An entertaining movie with plenty of star power but no subtlety or depth. Good guys and bad guys and of course one really bad guy. But gene hackman in this film is like a caricature of his little bill character from unforgiven.     Look at the guy(ace) who walks into the bar right after sharon stone early on. It's comedic, the guy isn't scary or intimidating just stupid looking. Later we see a guy with a babe on each arm proclaiming his desire to be in the tournament for the state of texas. Right away instead of gun fights and life and death it is more like real life cartoons.     The story is decent, the acting is decent and i think dicaprio outshines them all including hackman! Sharon stone looks hotter in this film than ever if that means anything.      It's not that this is a bad film just that there are 100 westerns that are better you can own and this film has been all over television for free. Charles bronson alone made 7-8 better westerns.
B000VNMMRA|2.0|Maybe Iam too picky, but should not a movie contain a resonable piece of pluasablity. Well Die Hard 4 contains none. It could be more believable if John McClane was depicted as a super hero from another planet,With indistructable super powers.It could be movies like this that encourage young people to fight each thinking no one will get seriously hurt, when in reality one punch could cause the death of another person as has happened many times here in Australia as iam sure it has in other parts of the world
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|Kellys' voice on this cd reminds me of the raw edge associated with Alanis in her Jagged Little Pill release. This cd is much different than her first. It sounds like it comes from a womans heart instead of a teen pop singer. I just love the emotionally charged tunes. Her voice is so expressive and true. My favorite song is the little bonus at the end of the cd with just her voice and a guitar.
1400044162|5.0|Africa is undeniably hip right now. Just ask Oprah, Bono, Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt, among other luminaries, make their annual pilgrimages between the \\"third\\" world and the \\"first\\" world to remind us of our moral obligation to our long-suffering brothers and sisters in Africa. From the continent has come one of the finest writers I have read in a long time. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is the author of Purple Hibiscus, and her latest masterpiece, Half of a Yellow Sun. In this novel, which won the prestigious Orange prize for literature in the UK, Adichie brings Nigeria in the early '60s to life.<br /><br />Through the lives of her central characters, we see the political and cultural tensions that were brewing in the years leading up to the Biafran war, a brutal conflict initially started by tribal differences. Thirteen-year old Ugwu is employed as a house boy to a radical University professor, Olanna is the professor's beautiful and privileged girlfriend who has eschewed her bourgeois life for the brilliant professor. Richard is a shy, insecure Englishman who seeks to rediscover himself in his relationship with Olanna's sister, Kainene, a fierce, mysterious woman who is beholden to no one. Adichie wasn't even born when these events were unfolding, but she heard stories about the war and its aftermath from her parents and other relatives who were swept up in these apocalyptic events that ultimately led to much suffering for Nigeria's people.<br /><br />Why read this book? Aside from the political and moral questions it raises, it's a compelling read with complex characters who will leave you reflecting on their stories long after you have finished the novel.
B000BO0LKY|3.0|I'm a pretty big Mariah Carey fan. Always have been and her voice is beyond amazing. I love Daydream, Butterfly, Rainbow, Charmbracelet etc. I do like a few songs from this album, but to be honest..I was kinda disappointed. I love \\"We Belong Together\\" and i like \\"It's Like That\\" but other than that, there aren't many songs I like a whole lot. I've liked several songs that were hip-hop influenced from previous albums but it just seems like she is missing left and right on this one. None of the songs really GRAB you except the 2 I mentioned. She's trying a little too hard to fit in I think and it's making her look kinda bad. Anyway, some people like it, some hate it...so if you're thinking about buying a Mariah cd, I wouldn't really recommend this one first..I would recommend Butterfly, Charmbracelet or Rainbow. :) Still looking forward to her next album though, not everyone can be perfect ALL the time!
B000VZUWZW|1.0|The comedy was ruined by the laugh track. Several times a minute, absurdly fake laughter and applause would be clumsily mixed in, then abrubtly faded out. The comedy might have had some interesting scenes without it; with it, the show is just annoying.    Does anyone know what would possess a producer or director intentionally to ruin his own work like this? Even if they did like laugh tracks (does anyone?) this was one was incompetent to the point of parody.
B0002X314C|5.0|CD lives up to his name - It is a Legend. Perfect soulful and sweet.
0439813786|5.0|Many of my students would look at this book, and rush to choose it for a book report. The large majority of the text is drawings. What makes this book different is that it actually has cinemographic feel to it, complete with special effects such as groups of pictures that create the impression of a movie fading in or out.<br /><br />The story centers around a young orphan who, after his uncle failed to return home one day, continues his uncle's job of winding the clocks in a busy Parisian train station. His father was a great inventor, and the child's entire life's ambition is focused upon restoring his father's mechanical man. Hugo's adventures lead him to many interesting revelations and discoveries.<br /><br />The drawings in this book are wonderful and the movie-like quality is unique. I thought that the plot was lacking, but I am sure that the nine to twelve year olds will fall in love with the vivid characters, the novel format, and the tweak of the imagination that this book offers.
B000002UB3|4.0|Abbey Road lends truth to the equation that the whole can be greater than the sum of its parts.  Separated for analysis, the \\"songs\\" on this LP are among the least in the Beatles' repertoire.  Apart from Lennon's contribution of Come Together, a re-invented Chuck Berry tune, only Harrison contributed songs worthy of the Beatles in their prime.  Something and Here Comes the Sun are classics that overshadow everything else here.  Side one is full of remakes, not counting the Berry tune.  McCartney rewrites Helter Skelter as Oh! Darling; Starr recreates Yellow Submarine as Octopus's Garden; and Lennon reworks Don't Let Me Down as I Want You (She's So Heavy).  Actually the latter has an great bluesy feel, unusual in Beatles' tracks, but is only half completed as it has no lyrics other than the title and is weighted down by yet another example of Lennon's recording excesses, already evidenced on the \\"white album\\", as he tacks on several minutes of white noise to the end.  Side two is nothing other than an amalgam of unfinished ideas and half-written tracks skillfully blended together by McCartney into a \\"huge medley\\".  Some of these tracks date back to before the \\"white album\\" yet are no further along in completion.  This is primarily where the \\"sum of the parts\\" comes into play.  It all sounds rather Pink Floyd-ish until you pull it apart and realize there's nothing substantial there.  Again, credit Harrison with the creative idea of bringing the Moog synthesizer to the party; it definitely helps keep the tracks sounding as if they belonged together.  Otherwise we would be in for another Let It Be hodge-podge.  Sports one of the best album covers of all time.
0780622553|3.0|I recently watched this again to see if it might warrant being on my listmania list for my favorite SF movies.  Since the plot has been rehashed through many other reviews, I probably do not need to recap the story.<br /><br />This is a hugely stylish film with a definite sense of what it wants to look like.  The film noir setting, dark and elaboate sets - makes Batman movies seem bright and cheerful in comparison.  The visuals are detailed, coherent and rank with Blade Runner in complexity.<br /><br />The plot is dense and the action hurtles along with brakes off. Unfortunately, the headlong action leaves not nearly enough time for one to begin to build any insight into the characters. Things are moving so fast, that while one might sympathize with them, we are never given any time to know them.  It is like watching people being swept away in a river on TV, you might worry about them, but who are they?  As close as we get to peering into any character's inner life is that we do realize that the main character John Murdoch loves his wife.<br /><br />The other major problem for me was the rapid editing that rarely has any shot last longer than 5 seconds.  At one point, I had the feeling that I was watching the world's longest movie trailer. All hook and punch in order to get you to go see the movie - except you ARE watching the movie already. An hour into it, one yearned for just one long establishing shot, or a bit of dialogue where the camera puts the actors in the same frame for 15 seconds or more.<br /><br />There is a great deal to like about this movie, which is a near masterpiece visually.  It is a shame that character development was not of the same order as the sets and graphics.
B000002UB6|3.0|Let It Be is certainly the most disjointed Beatles LP from the original catalog.  It was to be McCartney's last great songwriting effort as a Beatle for an album that never had a concept.  By now everyone knows that the LP was cobbled together from 30 days' worth of rehearsals initially intended to precede a live concert for TV.  It was decided that some new songs would be performed at that concert and Let It Be captures some of the new material they worked on.  It is clear from the quality of the songs that only McCartney was fully invested in this effort, writing some of his best material as a Beatle including Get Back, Let It Be, The Long And Winding Road and the folk ballad Two Of Us.  Other than Lennon's Don't Let Me Down, which failed to make the LP but was released separately as a single, the other songs didn't even come close.  Unfortunately for Harrison, his best work during the sessions was left on the cutting room floor, so to speak, only to be revived again for his first solo LP All Things Must Pass. (He would make up for this on Abbey Road, however.)  It will be forever debated as to whether Phil Spector's treatment of the multitrack tapes was an improvement or not.  Don't render an opinion, however, until you've heard the first and third acetates of the Get Back album as conceived by Glyn Johns and George Martin.  Though much rougher in execution, it preserves the spontaneity and freshness of a live rehearsal better than Spector's effort.
B000P2A256|2.0|Driving around in my car and scanning the radio stations, I came across a very familiar sounding riff and funky musical backing track from the past. It was too obvious - almost a carbon copy rip off. Assuming that a 'remake' was hitting the airwaves, I called the station and asked what/who the song playing was...and surprised me to discover \\"Makes Me Wonder\\" by Maroon 5. This song is lifted directly from the MARY JANE GIRLS \\"IN MY HOUSE\\" from back in the 80's - yup, that Rick James produced girl group that enjoyed a brief run of success. Turns out that Maroon 5 isn't very original on this track, but, since the public's memory of past musical styles fades fast into obscurity, and a new generation of music fans is buying this stuff, they'll get away with rehashing what's already been a hit, taking credit for it, and getting away with it. Go 'sample' the track here at amazon.com and see for yourselves.
B000IMSPE8|3.0|This book, Sarum, by Edward Rutherford, is an excellent book, both entertaining and  historically informative.    This book purchased in \\"used\\" condition, was obviously just that, and not too kindly.  The cover, as anticipated was a bit tattered, but the exposed ends of the leaves were pretty soiled. I would have purchased a new one for the price differential.
B000VNMMRA|4.0|At first glance, the pieces don't look like much. We've see John McClane (Willis) before, so we know we can count on him for a testosterone-fueled rampage against the master terrorist. Then there's the master terrorist, with the requisite delusions of grandeur, threating all of Americas and John's personal life, as usual. There's a daughter to save, a nerd to protect, and - well, nothing really new here.<br /><br />So let's just get to the good stuff. The chases are great, which helps because most of the movie seems to be chases. Lots of stuff blows up and burns. Lots of cars go flying through the air, landing in ways sure to void the warrantee. There are lots of great fights, and some pretty spectacular set-pieces - that car in the elevator shaft comes to mind. And, when you want a really manly way to shoot the bad guy, wait for the end and see how McClane does it.<br /><br />It's a guy flick, with all the macho, witty quips, and damage to persons and property you could hope for. No grand themes or sensitive moments, but why would a real man want that kind of stuff anyway?<br /><br />-- wiredweird, reviewing the theatrical release
B000E1ZBGS|4.0|When I first saw this movie, I had no expectations. I had never seen any other version of Pride and Prejudice, nor had I read the book. The visuals were stunning, the story was good, and although the acting was not perfect, it was good enough. I was impressed enough to look it up later and not only purchase this version, but also got the older, BBC version with Colin Firth.    Although I have since watched the BBC version multiple times and fallen in love with the story and the actors in that version...I can still look kindly upon this version. Although parts were missing and this story is nowhere near as in-depth as the BBC version or the book, and although I feel that Kiera Knightley is too charged (her emotions are all very extreme. She comes off as rude, angry, and overemotional to me.) and too self-conscious (again, with her overdone reactions to things...it makes her seem self-conscious and nervous.), I think this version is much more accessible to the public. People are more willing to sit down to a short movie filled with beautiful people than they are to begin the 5 hour of the BBC version or read \\"stuffy old novels\\". As well, despite the historical inaccuracies, the filming was well-done and I believe the story is as good as it could have been after being condensed into such a small package. While many would be angry that this movie isn't \\"as good\\" as the BBC version, I still think this movie is better than many others in the last few years.    However, I would highly recommend that anyone who watched and was impressed with this movie go out and rent the BBC version. You will not be disappointed.
B00005JPVL|4.0|Add this movie to your list of guilty pleasures. On the \\"pleasures\\" side, I laughed my way through just about all of this movie. A few moments had me cheering, like the obnoxious driver in an over-priced car getting run off the road. Lots of scenes, too many to remember, had me laughing, at least at a dark kind of humor. And, in the end, daddy (sort of), mommy (sort of), and baby (real) settle down to some family values, or try to.<br /><br />On the \\"guilty\\" side of the equation, we have the man-a-minute body count, violence of graphic sorts, expendable women enslaved to baby making, and the yuk-factor around a prostitute (with required heart of gold) whose clientele pay extra for genuine mommy-milk in the original container. If you want your dignity or sensitivity to be respected, you'll never admit you saw it.<br /><br />The title sets your expectations: it tongue-in-cheekily names itself for the whole genre of movies that revel in gunplay, and it delivers. If you can take the gore level, it's a fair comedy. It really isn't for everyone, though.<br /><br />-- wiredweird
B000MRAAJW|5.0|In short it is very rewatchable and I would buy it again at more than double it's price.
0143038419|3.0|The best part of this book was the humor.  Liz is able to capture the voice of my girlfriends and I (Hello-she quoted R.E.M!).  There was, however, a whiff of conceit at times that was hard to stomach.  As I got further into the story, it became more captivating. Ultimately, she did win me over and her story and the message was inspiring.
B000OYC7A8|5.0|How so very sad that David Gilmour's ex-Pink Floyd bandmate Richard Wright is such a bright star on this wonderful DVD, and now we have lost Richard to a premature death on September 15th, two days ago. Richard and David were the musical creators in Pink Floyd ( Roger was the lyrical/artisical creator ), and together here on one last tour they recreate some great old Pink Floyd music. As others have said here already, their rendition of Echoes is worth the price of the whole dvd. Richard Wright plays his Hammond like he did back in the seventies. He is featured a lot more than he was on PULSE. David Gilmour is a class act as well as a brilliant guitarist. I'm so glad he asked Richard along on this tour. They always played well together; this great dvd recording is how I'll always remember David Gilmour and Richard Wright together. Rest in peace, Richard...
0061122416|3.0|The story was interesting, a real adventure.  The author did a good job of demonstrating biblical principles.  The book really makes one think about the adventure of one's own life and how the final outcome will play out.
B0000035E7|4.0|An icon of a generation. This album make history in a band like was Nirvana.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|Every decade or so, a motion picture comes along that captures its subject's heroic essence so perfectly that the film becomes its subject. Such is the case with British director Michael Apted's superb biopic on abolitionist William Wilberforce, passionately portrayed by Welsh actor Ioan Gruffudd.     Though Wilberforce is largely unknown to Americans today, this movie is an excellent introduction to the great English parliamentarian who devoted twenty years of his life to eradicating the slave trade throughout the British Empire. (All slavery had been abolished in Great Britain itself by a judicial decision in 1772.) A devoutly religious though thoroughly skeptical man, Wilberforce figured prominently during both the Enlightenment and Britain's Evangelical Revival.     The movie opens as the eighteenth century draws to a close, with Wilberforce not at the beginning of his crusade to end the barbaric practice of slavery, but at what seems to be its most hopeless point. Once one of the youngest members of the House of Commons and a powerful orator, he's now gaunt and dejected, having nearly exhausted his fortune and health in service of his fight.     Riding in a carriage along the muddy road in the rain, he happens upon a driver whipping his fallen horse. Moved to the animal's defense (he was a founding member of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals), Wilberforce uses simple logic to persuade the driver to cease his brutal flogging, explaining that the horse would more likely regain its strength if left to recover for an hour. This simple exchange, in which he achieves his ideals through practical persuasion, reveals his forceful personality and unyielding integrity, traits that would serve him so well throughout his career as a legislator.     Wilberforce is on his way to the resort town of Bath, There, he hopes, the famous mineral springs will heal his body from the ravages of colitis and addiction to laudanum, an opiate prescribed by his doctors.When he arrives, however, his friends, economist Henry Thornton (Nicholas Farrell) and his wife Marianne (Sylvestra Le Touzel), have a different sort of tonic in mind to cure what ails him. They slyly maneuver their friend into a \\"chance\\" meeting with a ravishingly beautiful young abolitionist and social reformer, Barbara Spooner (Romola Garai). Resenting his friends' manipulations, he at first rebuffs her. But the Thorntons are relentless and soon set him up again, bringing Barbara to dinner at Wilberforce's house.     This time their chemistry is too powerful to deny. Barbara and William launch a long conversation that extends into the wee hours. The subject turns to his tireless but fruitless efforts to stop the slave trade, a story told in flashbacks that constitute the bulk of the film.     Elected to Parliament at twenty-one in 1780, Wilberforce barrels into the House of Commons full of piss and vinegar, taking on all comers with his confrontational debating style and razor-sharp wit. One dewy morning, as he lolls about his lawn, transfixed at the intricacy of God's handiwork in a spider web, he experiences a spiritual epiphany.     After his conversion, Wilberforce's interest in the affairs of state evaporates and he ponders a life of religious contemplation. But to those around him--especially William Pitt the Younger (Benedict Cumberbatch), a friend in Parliament who's angling to become Britain's youngest Prime Minister--Wilberforce's divine spark would be better put to practical use. Pitt asks him, \\"Do you intend to use your beautiful voice to praise the Lord, or to change the world?\\"     Wilberforce isn't convinced until a group of Quaker abolitionists visit one evening. They bring along a liberated slave from the New World, Olaudah Equiano (Youssou N'Dour), whose memoirs about his horrific passage from Africa would soon spark public outrage against the peculiar institution. He is shocked by the brand on Equiano's chest (\\"to let you know you no longer belong to God, but to a man,\\" the former slave explains) and by his iron shackles.     \\"We understand you're having problems choosing whether to do the work of God, or the work of a political activist,\\" says radical abolitionist Thomas Clarkson (Rufus Sewell). Another guest (Georgie Glen) finishes the thought: \\"We humbly suggest that you can do both.\\"     Taking up the battle, Wilberforce introduces a bill every year to abolish the slave trade--and every year the bill is defeated. Yet he perseveres. In a nation where slavery is largely out of sight and mind, he constantly contrives ways to force it into the faces of polite society. He launches petition drives and sponsors meetings where Equiano lectures and sells copies of his book. At a gathering of MPs and their wives aboard a tour boat, the captain weighs anchor alongside a slave ship just returned from a run between Africa and Jamaica. Wilberforce notes that only a third of the original six hundred passengers survived the journey, and exclaims, \\"That smell is the smell of death. Slow, painful death. . . .Breathe it deeply. Take those handkerchiefs away from your noses! There now, remember that smell.\\"     Wilberforce ends his painful reminiscing, too taxed to go on. Barbara is clearly moved, finding inspiration in his struggle. The two passionately talk of their ideals, while the sexual tension silently builds between them. If Barbara's fiery red tresses, flawless peaches-and-cream complexion, and corseted, heaving cleavage weren't sufficient to bag the man, nothing would have stirred him. Without a word spoken of love (not to mention sex), romance blossoms instantly and inevitably.     As morning breaks, the two announce their engagement to their friends.     I like this little touch, coming as it did from out of left field. This is old-fashioned moviemaking at its best, with courtship scenes far more erotically charged than the crassly explicit sex in most movies nowadays.     Their marriage and Barbara's pregnancy become a beautifully simple metaphor for Wilberforce's own regeneration of health and will. He heads back to Parliament to fight the good fight once more. Political intrigue moves front and center as Tories Wilberforce and Pitt, along with the abolitionist Clarkson and Whig MP Charles Fox (Michael Gambon, best known as the Headmaster in the Harry Potter series), put their heads together to plot the end of the slave trade. What follows is the best depiction of political machinations that I've seen since Otto Preminger's political thriller Advise & Consent, based on Allen Drury's novel. Witnessing Wilberforce's ultimate triumph left me nearly breathless.     Costume dramas usually leave me yawning, but not this time. Production designer Charles Wood's painstakingly researched and designed sets lends the movie period authenticity, while Remi Adefarasin's factual cinematography downplays idiosyncratic camera angles and lets the actors and the settings predominate. Writer Steven Knight and director Apted's deft balance of gravitas and levity give the whole business a timeless feel befitting its hero's stature, but without clumsy signposting.     The only drawback, I felt, was that Albert Finney, in an otherwise bravura performance, seemed underused--especially considering his pivotal role as John Newton, the former slave-ship captain who later repented and penned the moving hymn for which the film is named. While the scenes depicting his influence on Wilberforce were succinct and heartrending, they also felt somewhat truncated.     Amazing Grace, whose release was timed to coincide with the 200th anniversary of Wilberforce's legislative victory, February 23, 1807, has been well received by faithful and secular, conservative and liberal. Still, it generated some criticism on the pages of the Wall Street Journal, where guest columnist Charlotte Allen found a \\"cover-up\\" of Wilberforce's evangelical Christianity. But the film was not about his religious motives per se; itwas about his campaign to end slavery. I think she missed the forest for the trees: The slave-trade abolition was Wilberforce's apotheosis, and that is exactly what Apted put up on the screen.     In a recent interview, producer Patricia Heaton (herself an outspoken, religiously motivated opponent of abortion) described Amazing Grace as an inspiring biography of \\"the Abraham Lincoln of England\\" and as an antidote to our \\"age of such cynicism and despair, particularly about politics and religion.\\"     I agree. William Wilberforce is historically significant for his courageous actions in stopping an inhuman evil. While religion played no small part in motivating those actions, I really doubt that so many talented people would have assembled such an unabashed labor of love as this movie had Wilberforce decided to spend his days contemplating God's grandeur, while ignoring his own potential for personal greatness.
B000002MUW|4.0|This is the transition of Madonna, from the 80's pop to the experimental music in the middle of the 90's. A Really agresive and deep sound, with colaborations with Nelle Hooper and Bjork. U definitly have to hear this before u die. I rated this item 4, because of the high level of \\"Ray of Light\\" by Madonna
B000SNUMC0|4.0|My first introduction to Iced Earth was nearly 7 years ago when Something Wicked Comes This Way.  Since then I have bought every album and sit on the edge of my seat until new ones come out.  Framing Armageddon is in of itself a pretty good album.  My favorite songs are The Clouding, Ten Thousand Strong, Something Wicked, Pt2, Framing Armageddon and When Stars Collide.  Though, I enjoy Framing Armageddon, it is different from past, more classic Iced Earth Albums.  For one, I am not yet sold on Tim \\"Ripper\\" Owens.  Yes, he has a decent voice, but Matt Barlow was really the \\"voice\\" behind Iced Earth.  Barlow was able to hit the high notes on songs such as Travel In Stygian, but was able to provide a forboding tone on classics such as Dante's Inferno and A Question of Heaven.  Framing Armageddon also has a more  operatic sound to it, the some of the repeative mind bending beats seen on past albums.  Like all bands, they grew and when they are dominated and carried on by one vision, change is inevatible.  Framing Armageddon is a good album and I love the story line.  Its not one of my favorites, but now I can't wait for Something Wicked Pt. 2, due out sometime in the spring.
B000OYC3J8|5.0|Jack White seems destined to push the limits of rock over the edge.  Consider the guitar work on this release....truly innovative stuff on par with Jeff Beck's mastery of coaxing every nuance of sound out of the electric guitar...meg adds just the right rhythm
B000Q76K24|4.0|I saw this movie in the theaters when it was out and really enjoyed it. I always like Matt Damon in this type of role and all though Angelina Jolie's was a small role she did it beautifully. Matt Damon always seems to get himself stuck in some kind of conspiracy and has to fight his way out. It is the type of role besides Ocean's Eleven Comedies that he has been born for. I would recommend renting this flick.
B00005JPRT|5.0|Films like this are far and few between. Everything in it is real. No trick photography or technological effects -- what you see is what you get. The movie explores the relationship between its two main characters, and does so in such a believable way, you will think you know both characters intimately. Along the way, a whole variety of \\"everyday topics\\" surface, ranging from love to money to relationships between parents and kids to business relationships. Think of this as a very personal glimpse into the life of two very good, special people over a short period of time. And all this is against the backdrop of some very original and special music, portrayed by two extraordinarily gifted actors/singers. In a word, just a beautiful film!
B000OVLBGC|5.0|This movie is a must-see for anyone who is concerned about the erosion of our civil liberties today.  In the final analysis it is human beings that can and must make the difference.
B00004UFTU|5.0|I still remember it like it was yesterday.  I was reading a review of a Todd Rungren show in our local newspaper.   The show had taken place in the small town of Lowell, just east of the mid sized Midwestern city of Grand Rapids Michigan about 45 minutes from where I lived.  I did not attend the show, but had a mild interest in Rungren so I was scoping out the review.  What caught my eye was not the description of Rungren's performance rather the brief, but descriptive appraisal of the opening act, a little known band from England called Marillion.  They sounded like something I might like.  About a week later I was in a local record store and there on the shelf was this album with a cover that immediately drew my attention.  I picked up the album sleeve and low and behold the band was the same one I had read the review about the week prior.  I purchased the album on the spot which became the beginning of my obsession with a band that remains one of my all time favorites to this day.  The material on \\"Script\\" was based in 70's style progressive rock, but there was something different about these guys that brought a fresh vitality to the material.  The music was incredible and the lyrics were some of the best I had ever heard.  The album was pure progressive rock, but possessed an almost punk like ethos that also combined elements of heavy metal (although this is not at all a metal album), to give the band a more powerful punch than many of their 70's influences.  Every song on this album is a classic.  The only one that I don't care for that much is \\"The Web\\", but the rest of it is all top notch.  The title track is one of those songs that came along at just the right time in my life.  An ex-girlfriend of mine was getting married and the line \\"So I'll hold my peace forever when you wear your bridal gown\\" and subject matter of the rest of the song fit my life perfectly at the time.  \\"He Knows You Know\\" was the single from the album about the perils of drugs.  \\"GardenParty\\" would be the band's concert closer for years.  \\"Chelsea Monday\\" was a slow brooding piece with a perfect Fish vocal.  \\"Forgotten Sons\\" about the woes of war remains one of my all time Marillion compositions.  \\"Script\\" is not the best album from the Fish era of the band, but it was one hell of a debut and a must own for any progressive rock fan.
006441034X|3.0|I watched the movie first and was later prompted to read the novel since the movie had unanswered questions here and there. To my surprise, there are a lot of parts in the book that were not in the movie. The book did not mention a war and Sophie was more bitter. However, it did clear up any misunderstandinds from the movie which is why I bought the book in the first place.
B00021HBGS|4.0|This is a great set of tub toys for kids. Lots of pieces to collect after bath time, but I've finally found something that makes my VERY stubborn three year old VOLUNTEER to take a bath! I'll be looking for different sets to swap out and keep the novelty fresh, but my son and I are very happy with this one!
B000E5N62U|2.0|I own nearly every Steely Dan album and, of course, own Fagen's two other disks.  I find Morph nearly unlistenable: too much dull, boring, droning one and on (esp the first title cut).  I hear a touch of that old magic sparkle here and there.  If you somehow own Morph but don't own The Nightfly, then please get that album and hear what I mean in comparison.
B000EHRVP6|5.0|IF YOU LIKE THE GENRE OF GORE THIS WILL BE THE KING UNTIL HOSTEL II AND III COME ALONG.  FOR THE USED PRICE YOU CANT BEAT GETTING THIS FOR GROSS OUT COLLEGE FRAT PARTIES?
B000063V8R|5.0|In my opinion, Season 3 is when the Next Generation came into it's own and established it's own identity apart from the original series. Most of the characters have fully developed and come into their own. As enjoyable as her character could be, Dr. Pulaski has been thankfully replaced by Dr. Crusher's return. Pulaski provides memorable moments but she was clearly a \\"Bones\\" pastiche. As another reviewer has noted, the Second Season ended abruptly and on an uninspiring note. Season 3 hits the ground runnning and doesn't stop. This season contains several of my favorite episodes and establishes several story arcs that will span the next several seasons, such as the Klingon/Worf saga. Standouts: The Defector, The Hunted, The Enemy, Sins of the Father. Seasons 3-5 represent the \\"peak\\" of the Next Gen in my opinion and you cannot go wrong with any of them.
B00003CXTG|4.0|I think the negative reviews of this movie are a little harsh. This movie deserves 3 1/4 stars, but because of all the negative reviews I gave it a 4 star rating as the DVD release is quite nice. I do not think this is a great movie, but it is not all that bad either. It depends on how you look at it. The story starts out like a cheap five & dime romance novel, but this is done to give us some characters to care about. Well.....we end up caring, but not about the character's as much as what those sneaky M.F.er's did to us! These kind of movies really make Americans mad!! By the time the attack on Pearl Harbor was over I was ready to go bomb those M.F.er's myself! :-D! I assume that is why the film shows the American's first strike back at the Japanese? To give the audience some sort of redemption in this picture. It wasn't enough for me and I would have liked to have seen them dropping the big ones on those sneaky S O B's!<br /><br />It's no masterpiece, but it is a pretty good popcorn flick movie once it gets going. Excellent special effects propel this love story in wartime. After watching the movie I watched a documentary on the attack(included on the DVD) and I was impressed how accurate the war scenes in the movie were done. The 2 disc 60th ann. set is very good with an excellent transfer and many extras. Try to keep and open mind and remember, it's not a documentary, it's a movie!
B000FVQM2Y|4.0|I had seen a preview or two of this movie and was interested immediately, but it was only when I saw this movie listed somewhere as one of the top 20 high school movies of all time, in the same category as such classic as Heathers and Ferris Beuller, that I was now fully intrigued.  What makes a film about high school a classic for me is when it studies the absurdity of high school, the social circles that are designed more to torture individuals than promote them.  And this is someone who was not just ostracized in high school, but has also come back to teach in it.<br /><br />And to boot, this film also has the edge of making the world of this high school the setting of film noir.<br /><br />The main story has to do with Brendan, an outsider who eats lunch behind the school building nowadays, who gets a note of desperation from her old flame, Emily.  Emily is in trouble, but she can't say exactly what trouble she is in, which leads Brendan on a search through the culture of his school.  With an informant named Brain, a classic geek who even works on a Rubrics Cube, Brendan delves into the world of the jocks, the beautiful people, and the burn-outs to work a plan that will have all involved exposing themselves to his limelights.  There is, of course, a beautiful but possibly treacherous femme fatale, a Tolkein-reading drug dealer along with his fists-for-brains muscle, and a vice principal who sounds more like a police seargant in a crooked town than a suit with a degree.<br /><br />But this film doesn't just work on the level of film noir appreciation.  The social hell that is high school seems a fitting setting for this homage, so the technique seems quite fitting.  The dialogue is wonderful to listen to, though it gets a little troublesome when it is being used to advance the plot, for the delivery is quick (as it is supposed to be, but still sometimes hard to follow) and the names almost too numerous to keep an even handle on.  A bit of a score card is needed to keep track of some things, but a lot of this works out in fascinating ways, the plots within plots within plots led on by this tough plain-T-shirt wearing smart mouth who can throw a punch when he has to but also gets beat up about as much as Gabriel Byrne's character in Miller's Crossing.<br /><br />Not the top 5 in the realm of high school film, but definitely within the top 20.  Well worth a watch.ngs, but a lot of this works out in fascinating ways, the plots within plots within plots led on by this tough plain-T-shirt wearing smart mouth who can throw a punch when he has to but also gets beat up about as much as Gabriel Byrne's character in Miller's Crossing.    Not the top 5 in the realm of high school film, but definitely within the top 20.  Well worth a watch.
1594481938|4.0|It has been about three years since I read a piece of fiction, excepting Michael Chabon's controversiarly titled [[ASIN:0060777109 The Final Solution: A Story of Detection (P.S.)]] which my friend Holly thrust upon me late last year. Maybe I burnt out from reading [[ASIN:0316066524 Infinite Jest]] or maybe because I just didn't think I had time to read things that would not \\"teach me anything.\\" I'm not sure. Anyway, I vowed that after I finished Michael Stelzner's [[ASIN:0977716937 Writing White Papers: How to Capture Readers and Keep Them Engaged]] that I would read some piece of fiction on our shelf. There is plenty since the wife goes through about a book a week.     Anyway, having loved [[ASIN:1594481784 High Fidelity: A Novel]] (doesn't every ex-dj/record junkie) and [[ASIN:1573226882 Fever Pitch]] (doesn't every Arsenal fan) I thought [[ASIN:1594481938 A Long Way Down]] might be the perfect read. I could not have been more right.    JJ, a failed musician Jess, a failed human, Martin, a philandering ex-TV host, and Maureen, a tortured mother, could not be more different, yet very much the same. Each has their own reason for wanting to end their life. None is trivial yet none is, ultimately, worth making the ultimate sacrifice for.     Through the course of the book we get to learn all of the ins and outs of each character, what brought them to the brink and what, if anything, can keep them from going over it.     Although I will tell that, ultimately, this is an uplifting story that anyone who is thinking of suicide should read, it is hard to talk about the plot without giving much away so, instead, let me tell what else makes this book special:     Nick Hornby's writing style is warm and conversational. Since many of his books have been made into movies, you can almost see how this would work on the big screen (and other than length, I don't think it would need to be changed much). His postmodern style can not help but make you laugh (or, in the case of him mentioning one of my favorite books, Richard Ford's [[ASIN:0394743253 The Sportswriter]], proud) and connect you to the real world. His ability to set you down in London, and make you believe these characters are real people, is almost journalistic in nature.     I have too many great feelings and thoughts about the book to do a review justice. Having just finished the last page, coming in off the balcony - during a beautiful football Sunday - and straight to the computer probably was not the smartest idea I have had but that is how much I liked this book. Highly recommended and made me feel good and, to quote from the book, \\"I wanted to hang on to that for as long as possible.\\"     If you are a non-fiction reader like me and are worried that you'll be carrying this around for months, fret not. It is the type of book you will happily tear through in a few days. Great stuff. Enjoy.
078322947X|5.0|Laurent Bouzerou has put together a SE of Sorcerer for Universal, including a Friedkin commentary, which will be released in the near future, hopefully before the year's end. It will feature an anamorphic widescreen transfer, but I'm not sure if it will have a 5.1 mix. Keep your eyes peeled for an official announcement.
B000000OUJ|5.0|5/5  Each of the classic Wu-Tang solo albums of the mid-90's has its own style and flavor; the distinct tone of Liquid Swords is dark and foreboding.  In fact, GZA often comes across as a cold-hearted killer on a mission to ruthlessly wipe out all competition in the rap game with his uncanny rhymes, pristine flow, and highly efficient writing style.  He lyrically murders his competition on tracks such as \\"Liquid Swords,\\" \\"Duel Of The Iron Mic,\\" \\"Living In The World Today,\\" \\"4th Chamber,\\" and particularly \\"Labels.\\"  \\"Gold,\\" \\"Cold World,\\" \\"Killah Hills 10304,\\" \\"Investigative Reports,\\" \\"Swordsmen,\\" and \\"I Gotcha Back\\" are all masterfully told narratives that illustrate the brutal violence and trifeness of the streets he knows.  Just as other Wu-Tang members have done in their solo albums, the GZA does not go about this project without some guest appearances from his fellow Clan members.  Inspectah Deck, Masta Killa, Ghostface Killah, and Raekwon all contribute sick verses to various songs, but the best appearance award has to go to Method Man on \\"Shadowboxin.\\"  GZA and Meth just rip the track to shreds on what has to be the best single on the album, especially the MZA who \\"keeps it moving\\" with his two verses.  Killah Priest's \\"B.I.B.L.E.\\" finishes off the album nicely with some different subject matter (religion and spirituality) that is far different from the rest of the album. The RZA's production is so unbelievable on this album that even if you don't understand GZA's words through the first one or two listens, the beats alone will make the album worth hearing.  This album is a masterpiece, and a must-have for any Wu-Tang fans.
B000A7Q2DM|3.0|Don't expect any gems other than those that receive radio play.  The record is solid and an easy listen from start to finish or random play.  Only about two songs worth skipping when they try to go mellow.  Stick to the harder melodic songs.  If you like emo, you'll like this.
B000UX6TRK|3.0|Unfortunately, there seems to be a DVD defect with the DD 5.1 audio. I'm only getting sound from the front right channel and surrounds(When crowd applauds). I checked my system w/ another dvd and it was fine. I purchased the DVD Only version of this concert. There is a DVD&CD version also so I don't know if there is a prob w/ that. If anyone else is having the same prob please post. I'm wondering if there might eventually have to be a recall of this disc....Other than this audio prob it looks to be a fine concert...
0618680004|5.0|A very comprehensive book covering much more than all the funny old - and new - \\"proofs\\" I have ever read or heard of, gives facts, explains and deepens the reader's understanding of the subject from various angles - and a very great thanks to the writer for reviving my closed-down Darwin.<br /><br />This book should be on every student's reading list.
B00004XPPE|5.0|This film is full of surprises, from the opening inside a dream to its unforgettable conclusion.  The solemn twin to the brilliant parody, Dr. Strangelove, it has been overlooked and undervalued.
B000KGGB2A|5.0|Take That had been of on the best UK acts of the last ten years and broke millions of hearts when they split up, so everyone was surprised when they said that they were re forming and bringing out another cd after 10 years, it was definitly worth the wait.  Every track is well written and the first single that was released (Patience) was true Take That at their best.  Shine is another stand out track.  This album will appeal to all of the legions of fans that they already have and will gain then millions more.  Buy this cd ASAP if you do not already own it.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|I sure hope this unrated cut has 45 more minutes of chicks sitting around talking because that would be awesome.
B000EGCITG|5.0|When Pinks first single off this album was released (Stupid Girls), i was very dissapointed and was put iff buying this album, that was until follow up single \\"Who Knew\\" was released and then i raced to the shop and bought my copy.  The album is fantastic and my personal fav track is Leave Me Alone.  Pinks best album to date and her most sucessful to.  If you do not already own this album make sure that you put it on your christmas list.
B00005JPVL|4.0|as far fetched as it was i like dit alot i wish it would be a tad bit longer though, part of this to me was som what better than sin citya nd som part not as good a sin city,,, lto of it for some oddreason reminded me of a action movie a few years ago called balastic, how thing left an righ were blowing up, guns going off, and both were a short 88 min movie . ifyou like far fetched action you should like this one
B000RG1FMO|4.0|Not much promotion or hype for this album, but with top selling single \\"Stronger\\" you couldnt get any better advertisment.  Stromger is by far the best track on this album, but saying that any track has single release potential.  It will appeal to all of his fan base, and maybe even attract a few more.  Well worth investing in.
B000VPUIA6|3.0|I wrote that if one can deal with PAL versions of this set , one can seek it at Amazon UK for about $20.00 cheaper. Sorry if that upset the USA Amazon  but its true. But don't worry I'm buying the stripped down version as even about $80.00 still seems a slap in the fans face to me and I'm buying it in the good old USA :)
B000VDDDY6|2.0|Anybody know? The last box sets were the 1970's syndicated versions. The 1960's versions had more material to watch. Anyone remember when SciFi did a special run of the truly uncut 1960's versions? I'm hoping this release has that runtime...    The price is pretty step regardless considering I just bought the complete standard def box set for that price about a year ago. I don't own a hi-def player so HD-DVD doesn't really appeal to me right now (I think Blue Ray will become the standard anyway so it will be re-released again in that format).    I'll wait until it comes down to around $70. Still step but less of a gouge.
1416523359|1.0|After reading the first 100 pages of this novel, I first tore my larynx from the throat-rattling scream I let loose in my house, then I proceeded to tear out each page and eat them one by one.  A few days later I flushed them down the toilet in a cloudy whirlpool of relief.  This book was an over-winded, boring toture session that I somehow, inadvertenly, volunteered for.  Thankfully this read was of my own accord, and not a signed contract.  I am overjoyed I put it where it rightfully belongs.
0143038419|5.0|Without question, this book was a gift in my life.  By the time I'd read the final page, Elizabeth Gilbert seemed like an old friend.  I had so many \\"aha!\\" moments while reading and related to so much of what she felt during her journey.  I highly recommend this one, particularly for those who are actively seeking and living a spiritual life.
B000VZUWZW|5.0|I loved this show. It does remind me of Three's Company with the humor, girl and guys, in fact, I think they borrowed the studio audience from that show!   The laughter does sound a little canned, but hey, the content made me smile. Great to see the guy that played boyfriend David on the Roseanne show. Very expressive and believable actor. I don't know his name, and the show didn't include actor/actress names. I wonder why there were NO credits played at the beginning or end, to give credit to the actors and actresses. Witty writing. I will watch every episode.
B00003CXDD|5.0|I love the movie Willow. I have watched it approximately 30 times and it never gets old.   Classic story of good over evil.
B000VZUWZW|1.0|this is the exact type of garbage which sends tv viewers like me away from the networks in general and nbc in particular away in DROVES.    the creators of this show dont seem to know the difference between nerdy and prissy-effeminate. one character looks like a guy in a clown suit and the other is a recycled version of niles crane from frasier.    the characers are retarded and this sitcom belongs in 1982 right between hello larry and the facts of life.    the most offensive thing is the laughtrack which screams at you from almost the first moment.     this show is an absolute insult to the viewer will be taught as an example of what not to do with a sitcom. the idea might have been a cool one if it wasnt written in giant crayons.     if they are going for the youth demo with this one, people need to be fired.
B000R7HY0K|3.0|Well, it looks like I will be waiting again for the ACTUAL realease of this \\"double-feature\\". The alleged reason these two films were released were to bring back the \\"grindhouse\\" feel and that includes not only a second feature, but the hilarious trailers. Release like this it's just another movie (and this one is not as good imho).     It took a year, but I waited for the box set of Masters of Horror and wound up paying much less that those who had to have it right away. While I would wholeheartedly recommend this with its other feature I cannot say I would buy it on its own.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|My new favorite show! Fox, I can't believe you canceled this show. This has the most clever writing, great character interaction and just an over all fun feel to it. I highly recommend it to anyone.
0140449337|5.0|There are 4 books to the New Testament.I would never even wish to add on to this but a person would have to be equally as greatful to those\\"Dark Age\\" monks who translated and preserved alot of the classical works,in this case the Meditations.The Roman spirit of renunciation is well preserved in this translation.Although some of the passages don't seem to make sense(probably because of translation from the original tongue).Too much stress is placed on the Roman military achievement,in fact they conquered more with their philosophy of life.When the mind is persuaded the next step in conquest is more easily achieved.This Roman emperor seems like a guy you could talk sense with over a cup of a good red wine.Matter of fact I think I'll go talk to him now!!and.........one swig i'll dedicate to the Christian monks who preserved his meditations.(maybe two)
B00025ETIW|5.0|Call them a scream band.  An emo band.  Call them anything you'd like. Just don't call them late for the party.  MCR is truly a cut above all the other emo-yeller bands such as Taking Back Sundays and Hot Hot Heat.  The Three Cheers and Black Parade (except for the droning title track) CDs make for a combination that will stoke any party or yeast&hops function.<br /><br />MCR may be maligned as one-offs with Tiger Beat posters lining the walls of Lizzie McGuire tweens across the Heartland, but based on pure guitar rock with emotive excellence, MCR rule the roost.  It's no wonder Rolling Stone magazine voted The Black Parade as #20 album of 2006.  And the major label debut here, TYhree Cheers for Sweet Revenge, is the foundation that gets the party started.  Lethal, Helena.  A must.
B000I2J6K0|5.0|This is my 6th pregnancy and I'm 36 yrs old.  I about 5 months pregnant and I've been doing the treadmill but it has really been hard with my growing belly.  This video is terrific!  I feel stronger! It raises your heartrate and gives you a complete workout challenging your legs and arms but completely doable!  I just wish Mrs. O'Brian had a website and more videos after postnatal!
B00003CXCW|5.0|This is truly a classic. William Holden was one of the         great actors of Hollywood. He played each roll he had with         what appeared to be little effort.             I highly recommend this movie!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000B5XOY8|5.0|I won't claim this movie is better than Batman Begins, but in my opinion it is definitely just as good. Both movies have pros and cons. One thing I liked better about Tim Burton's film is the Bruce Wayne character. Chritian Bale's version, in public at least, is rather snobby and pretentious, whereas Michael Keaton depicts a likable man. On the other hand, Batman Begins tells the story of the Dark Knight himself whereas in Tim Burton's version the Joker rather than our hero is the focus of attention. Both movies though are very dark and heavily influenced by Frank Miller's comics Batman Year 1 and the Dark Knight Returns and are nothing like the monstrosities Batman Forever and Batman and Robin in which Joel Schumacher tried his very best to completely destroy everything that is Batman and that was brought to life so well in the 1989 and 1992 movies. If only Tim Burton would ever be given a chance to go ahead with his original plan to make a film out of the Dark Knight Returns starring Mel Gibson or, why not, a return of Michael Keaton.
6304936362|2.0|This movie is not great. If you have nothing else to do, watch           it. The cast is good.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|Death Proof is Quentin Tarantino's homage to the B movie genre form the late 60s, 70s and early 80s. Keep this in mind when you watch this film. Like the original low budget flicks, this film has very bad picture quality and sound, terrible editing, silly dialogue, revealing mistakes and bad acting. Of course, these characteristics were all accidental or due to a lack of talent in the original movies, whereas Tarantino has deliberately added these \\"mistakes\\" in order to recreate the feel of the old films. This might be a bit confusing or even annoying during the first half hour or so, because, unlike 30 years ago, this movie is not shown in a Grindhouse but a modern theater and you can't help but notice that the bad editing is deliberate and therefor misses the charm of the old B movies. Also, the fact that the film is set in 2007 but shot in a way that would be below standard even 30 years ago, slightly removes the charm it would have had, had it been set in the 70s. However, this changes about 30 min into the movie when cell phones, MP3 players and Japanese automobiles are replaced by muscle cars, references to cult classics and John Hughes movies, old school car chases, stunts and your typical Quentin Tarantino dialogues and soundtrack. The uncut European version could have done without some of the more boring conversations at the beginning of the film, though, but Kurt Russell more than makes up for this when he uses his old charm to talk Vanessa Ferlito into a lap dance and by the end of the film real life stunt woman Zoe Bell and Tracie Thoms will have you roaring with laughter as they seek to get even with Stuntman Mike. Although Death proof might not be quite as impressive as House of 1000 Corpses or The Devil's Rejects, it definitely is just as much fun.
0887308589|5.0|subject says it all- just get it and you will laugh your hiney off.  Plently of Dilbert cartoon panels disbursed throughout.  Published in 1996 but absolutely timeless and just as applicable today as ever; probably always will be.
B000IMV4IW|5.0|Simply stated, Oasis best music cannot be summed up in only two discs. So much great music is missing. A third disc is absolutely neccessary to tell the complete Oasis story in music. But what is on these two discs is absolutely amazing essential music. Nobody can deny this. Say what you want about Oasis \\"arrogance\\" which is why most people criticise Oasis and hate Oasis in the first place. How ignorant! If they acted like pop darlings Coldplay or even The Beatles for that matter, Oasis story would be completely different. But in the end, it is the music that matters. And in 50 yrs that is all that people will remember. And Oasis music will shine through loud and bright.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|This is one of the best shows I've watched in quite a long time. While the show does use a bit more voice-over than I'd normally like, it totally fits the character and the feel of the show. The entire thing is just golden and i can't wait for the second season. Run, don't walk, to buy this DVD set!
038533348X|4.0|This was my first Vonnegut book, and I had really high expectations for this book. I was not disappointed, not in the least. The irony, the strangeness (especially in the dialogue), the characters, the suspense, the ending, and most importantly, the humor, were superb. I found myself laughing out loud on several occasions. Vonnegut's irreverent take on religion, government, sex, war, and every other topic he takes on in the novel is refreshing, and the history and principles of Bokonon (the fictitious religion featured in the book) he derives through the course of the story added a lot of comic relief as well as interesting perspective on common religious thinking. Tis a shame I never enjoyed the man's work while he was still with us. I certainly intend to read more of his work in the future.
0345479092|3.0|I'm sure this book has some great advice/insight based on other reviews, but I can't get past the first chapter with this author's informal way of speaking. I have limited free time (as I'm sure all of you new mothers do) and don't want to waste any of it reading complete British slang like \\"mum\\" for \\"mother\\", \\"mitts\\" for hands, instead of \\"eating\\" she says \\"munching\\" and calling babies \\"kippers\\".  Worse than that, she calls the reader \\"luv\\" every other sentence.  I am not Tracy Hogg's \\"luv\\" and don't luv her at all for not writing a regular BOOK without slang that I paid $7.99 for.  As a disclaimer: I have nothing against British People and in fact LOVE the British accent. In addition, I love this slang when I'm watching SuperNanny - since that's entertainment for me. But, when I pay money for a Book so I can learn something, I don't want to be annoyed every sentence.  Just my 2 cents.....  (or \\"pounds\\", however you look at it)
0671799320|2.0|Yergen gets kudos for being the first to cover this topic, but his account (perhaps because it's now outdated) is facile and pro-oil company. Every time the oil companies are thwarted he seems to blame straw men for it: tree huggers, the people that hounded poor misunderstood Tricky Dick Nixon, the Saudi sheiks (best friends of Bush, Cheney, et al). He never turns his gaze on the corruption of the oil companies themselves. We hit peak oil in the U.S. in the 1960s. The oil companies suppressed any attempts since then to find alternative fuels. Now we are up the creek, so to speak, with the Oil Men running the Show. Some \\"Prize\\". I'd say it's the booby prize. The best overview of our current fix is Lawrence Wright's The Looming Tower.
B00007AJF9|5.0|Not mentioning the awesome movie Elizabeth, the service provided by Amazon is great. Even though I live in Mexico, the delivery was faster than I thought.
0743201140|5.0|This is a great book. The code to the strengths finder is worth the price of the book alone. Buckingham hits a home run!!!
B00004S35Z|5.0|Even a not so great Stevie Wonder album in comparison to other artist is a masterpiece.  This isn't my favorite Stevie album maybe because of the last half of the album.  \\"Too Shy to Say\\" and \\"Boogie on Reggae Woman\\" are great songs, as are others on here.  But they all come during the first half.  Again though, even a not so great Stevie album is a great album compared to other artists.  So even the second half of the album isn't bad.  I just tend to skip more of the last few songs than listen to them.  I still say \\"Talking Book\\" is his best album or \\"Songs in the Key of Life\\"  A lot of people love this one as much as the others, just not me though.  It's just missing something.  I still consider this in his top 4 best albums.  With \\"Music of My Mind\\" fifth.
B000P0J02E|1.0|As designers of theme park rides and attractions, our company pays close attention to anything that Disney comes up with. Although we were VERY impressed with the first POC soundtrack and then the follow-up (2nd) soundtrack... this third CD fell short of the goal.  The liner notes seem to tout the effort that went into the creation of this particular soundtrack, attempting to lure the reader into some sense that \\"real magic\\" was at work as this CD came together... but after listening to it... That seems like a lot of Hollywood Hype. The fact is, that although the basic music structure was once again carried forward (and we certainly understand the process) there really seems to be very little that builds upon the prior releases.  \\"To plus it\\"... Mostly we hear a regurgitation of tracks with very little effort to come up with any substantial and dynamic changes. It seems \\"hurried\\" and strikes us as something the producers did to fulfill their contractual duty to deliver soundtrack number three. We suggest that fans of POC savor the first two CDs and pass on this third installment.<br /><br />Denny Magic Studios
B00000G3AZ|5.0|An excellent version of Jane Austen's Emma. It's not just the main actors who are good but the smaller acting parts are good too.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|How do I love \\"Dexter\\"?  Let me count the ways...  Michael C. Hall's indelible performance anchors the entire show, as he breathes likable and surprisingly sexy life into his unconventional protagonist.  The writers use Jeff Lindsay's brilliant novel as a framework for a compelling ensemble drama, inventing new subplots and backstories for all of the characters while stretching out the central mystery-- who is \\"the Ice Truck killer,\\" and what is his true connection to Dexter?-- over the entire season.  There's nary a weak link on this show, from the cast-- Jennifer Carpenter and Julie Benz are just two of the other standouts-- to the production design to the cinematography and score.  As for the extras, I didn't bother with them, especially since Hall declined to participate.  But this is definitely a show worth owning.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|I've been a Beatles fan for 40 years, and have loved all the original versions of their songs.  I generally don't care to hear live versions of their songs, outtakes or even hear other artists perform their songs.  So I was very skeptical that Love would be a good listen.  As I listened and got over the initial anxiety of the materpieces not sounding exactly as I remembered them, I found myself engrossed in the CD.  I enjoyed it so much that I went out and bought a copy for my niece, who is just discovering the Beatles.  If I scratch or lose the CD, I'll buy it again in a heartbeat.  In summary, I can't wait for Love Volume 2 (assuming that such a CD will someday exist).
B000VZUWZW|2.0|I can't remember the last show I watched with a laugh track - they're intrusive, annoying, and detract from the show.  I made it about 15 minutes into the show before I had to turn it off.    The show itself has some potential.  The casting, acting, and set are all good.  The writing leaves something to be desired, but there were some good moments.  As another reviewer pointed out, it seems like some hack writer took random \\"geek\\" words and used them slightly wrong - instead of being written by a true geek, it comes across written by someone who is trying to imagine him/herself as a geek.     Overall, I think it'd grow on me if they took out the laugh track.  Here's hoping the network reads these reviews before broadcasting the pilot.
0743289684|5.0|This is a true story about a very courageous woman who stood up to the tiranny of Islam, risking her own life.   Her description of her life in The Netherlands to me was like holding a mirror, since I was born and raised in Holland. People in Holland refused to believe her until confronted with factual information on 'honor' killings and the brutal murder of movie maker Van Gogh, who made a movie with her critical of Islam. Anybody interested in the true nature of Islam should read this book.
0440238609|5.0|A brilliant mix between Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings.  Great imagination and thoroughly engaging.
B000002KXV|5.0|This is a fabulous album if you are a Steely Dan Fan, or a jazz fan.  I've seen them twice on recent tours, and, unfortunately, Fagan doesn't do any of his solo work.  He is truly the soul of the band.  Trust me, you will love this album.
B00003CXTG|4.0|Yes we all know about Pearl Harbor, however, this movie adds so many dimensions to the story.  The primary plot focuses on two friends as close as brothers (Josh and Ben) as they enter the war as aviators only to fall in love with the same woman.  The subplots which are very well portrayed also follow the lives of about 20 other characters.<br />The cinematography is breath taking.  The performances excellent.  Characters galore. You will thoroughly enjoy this movie!
0143038419|1.0|Elizabeth Gilbert turns 35 during her year of self absorbed indulgence.  Her time in Italy read more like that of a run away teenager eating, drinking and lusting for Italian men while missing the great opportunity to study the ancient civilization, art, religion and culture that exists in Rome.  In India she talks obsessively about \\"her guru\\" (who we never meet) and the difficulty to unselfishly be introspective.  Bali shows Elizabeth having so much sex she must reach for her collection of antibiotics.  Her behavoir is immature and reckless.  And, of course, she did all this on the publisher's dime - imagine had she genuinely taken this journey, kept diaries and THEN pitched it to her publisher.
078322611X|4.0|\\"If you build it, they will come\\"  I dunno, but if I heard some voice telling me that in my corn field I'd be selling the property.  Not Kevin Costner.  He built it and they came!  Wonderful story about a man making a connection (at heavy risk to him and his family) to his dream and the past.  And its not just one risk he takes and not just one leap of faith he makes.  The story is heartwarming.  It is also riveting, unique enough that you do not know what will happen next.  THere are some very funny scenes.
B000Q6GUTI|3.0|I saw this movie about 9 years ago (1998), back when it was called MOST WANTED, and starred Keenan Ivory Wayans instead.      Just in case you are not familiar with the plot of either SHOOTER or MOST WANTED, their story centers around a Marine Corps sniper who is considered among the finest tactical combat marksman, though something goes awry on a crucial mission and he has since been taken him out of the game for one reason or another.  He is later contacted by shady government types who enlist him to prevent an assassination, but instead plan to frame him in a sinister plot.  The bulk of the story is his efforts to preserve his freedom and life while trying to put the kibosh on those who manipulated and betrayed him.    There is a chance that the \\"creators\\" and producers of SHOOTER tried to use this recycled premise with the assumption or hope that so few people remembered MOST WANTED and enough time had passed that it might draw some audiences to the box office, without also prompting accusations of cinematic plagiarism or awkward comparisons between the two films.  Or maybe they themselves were just not aware of this previous movie (rather unlikely).    In spite of their similar elements, there are a number of differences between the two films where an advantage lies in the aspects of their respective casts, script, style and direction.      As for the films' casts, the advantage goes mostly to SHOOTER - except for the main villain.  Keenan Ivory Wayans is a talented comic and writer.  He also has a look that would be good for an action role - he is fit and tall and has an athletic appearance.  Where he is not as strong is in dramatic roles, which MOST WANTED required.  Mark Wahlberg might not be considered the greatest actor ever born, but he is believable and effective in the right roles.  SHOOTER allowed him a character he was a good fit for - a brooding, laconic, verbally reserved man of action rather than a loquacious and sentimental protagonist.  In otherwords, the anti-Zack Braff.  Mark Wahlberg is also physically a good pick for action roles, since he is also fit and athletic - though not quite as tall as K.I. Wayans.  Advantage: SHOOTER.  In terms of supporting cast & characters, SHOOTER again has the advantage.  Although Jill Hennessey is attractive and can be a capable (if not dynamic) actress, her role in MOST WANTED seems marginally plausible.  Whereas the female lead in SHOOTER (Kate Mara) is a bit more engaging and is cast in a role which seems a little more congruous and requires slightly less suspension of disbelief.  She is also more attractive, for whatever that is worth.  Plus, SHOOTER also has the scrumptious Rhona Mitra (hubba hubba) who is pretty much always irresistible and can also occasionally act.  SHOOTER also has better supporting henchmen/villains in terms of both actors cast and characters as written.  The one area where MOST WANTED has the advantage is in terms of Main Villain.  Whereas SHOOTER has the remarkably over-rated, undertalented, and inveterately subpar Danny Glover trying to mumble his way through the film in a role that should have gone to a better actor (who could have been just about anyone else), MOST WANTED had the competent and dependable Jon Voight, whose character may not have been superbly written, but who has the acting chops to pull off a role more convincingly than the talent-challenged Danny Glover (who also happens to be a sack of crap).    As for the respective scripts, both have relative weaknesses.  The main weakness for MOST WANTED is in its lack of depth, nuance and supporting details; it is essentially a TV episode stretched out for feature length release and is a little bit shallow in places.  Otherwise, it is a simple and straight-forward script which although not quite as thoroughly developed, does not bog down often with unnecessary irrelevancies and needless subplots.   While SHOOTER has a decently-developed plot, its biggest area of weakness is that at some point the script (dialogue) devolves into a teeth-gnashing, bug-eyed, capriciously expositive, imbalanced paranoid rant about the diabolic nature of political power - as if that portion of the script were written by a drunken, embittered, slightly unhinged conspiracy kook who is rancorously bellowing his farfetched whacko theories about feverishly imagined conspiratorial plots and cabals around every corner, through his rambling stream of conscious to anyone within hearing range.*   The script for SHOOTER could have achieved the same sense of dark cynicism and treacherous mood without indulging the undisciplined exposition and far-fetched fringe manifesto.  It is at the other end of the emotional psyche spectrum from another of Antoine Fuqua's military-related films (TEARS OF THE SUN), where the main protagonist was a Navy SEAL (played by Bruce Willis) who unrealistically wrestled his conscience with sentimental ruminations about the nature of his mission and career.  Both films would do better to forego the ineffectual, inappropriate, unrealistic, and counter-productive grandiloquence.  The only words of credit that one can impute to the otherwise needless and irrational diatribe is that it did not explicitly endorse or condemn any one political party over the other.  In spite of this, SHOOTER had slightly better dialogue, even if much of it was wasted on the performance-handicapped reprobate Danny Glover.        As for the style and direction of the two films, MOST WANTED feels more like a souped-up television action show, whereas SHOOTER is more capably filmed and has much better action scenes that are more skillfully developed.  In particular, comparing the flashback scenes of the war/combat sequences is no contest.  The very brief scene (supposedly set in the Iraqi desert) in MOST WANTED has so few supporting details or so little contributory atmosphere in its scene that it could have been staged at the beach or by a community theater troupe with access tosand trucks.  By contrast, SHOOTER has a very skillfully filmed war flashback scene which was engaging as well as deftly executed.  In all fairness, maybe limited budget was a factor for MOST WANTED in this respect, although limited imagination and limited vision were clearly apparent.  Kudos to Fuqua and his team.  Clear and Decisive Advantage: SHOOTER.        As for the endings, MOST WANTED had a (relatively) more clever twist, whereas SHOOTER had basically either run out of imagination or creative energy or interest in writing any more into the script, and instead decided on a gratuitously nihilistic and farfetched conclusion.  Slight advantage: MOST WANTED.     All in all, SHOOTER isn't a bad film, and in fact has some really good action sequences, plus a moderately engaging story.  I can't say if this movie will appeal to you or not, but if your remote has a working fast forward button, and your brain has a working B.S. filter/chip which can adequately discern reality from improvident creative license and properly regulate suspension of disbelief, then you might like this film.    *  (I think this might be the longest sentence I have ever written)
B00005JO20|2.0|THe most exciting part of this movie is the middle when they are looking for Kong.  The cinematography and the \\"new\\" creatures were interesting.  OTher than that they blew it.  The beginning was slow and few new things were added to the story to make it interesting.  The ending was bad, all I remember is a whole bunch of people running in the steets in broad daylight.  There was so much more they could have done to make the story more interesting, this was a half-hearted effort.
B0007OCG4W|4.0|I wanted to title my review, \\"The most depressing movie I've ever seen--and one of the best.\\" Strange as it sounds, it's not far off. The dialogue is brilliant, the acting is superb, the characters' lives are riveting, but it's depressing to watch these four smart, beautiful people abuse each other in almost every conceivable way--opening themselves up to each other only to be clawed apart from the inside and then doing exactly the same thing to the one they supposedly love.<br /><br />It reminds me of a the advice given by a psychiatrist in the book Too Soon Old, Too Late Smart, who says that part of any young person's education should include learning to recognize people who will make them utterly miserable if they get too close to them. He also avers that in any relationship what counts is what people DO and not what they say. People say all kinds of crazy things, but it often bears very little relation to their actions. These four characters talk about love all the time but they ACT like they hate each other. They certainly understand passion and sex, but it's clear from their actions they know absolutely nothing about love.<br /><br />I suppose a person should see this movie in the spirit of watching documentaries about AIDS or movies about the Holocaust--they give you a tour through the darkest regions of the human soul without having to make the journey yourself--so you can take away the lessons without the emotional scars. Beyond that, it's hard to find a reason to view Closer, which is essentially unratable. Approach it with care; like any relationship, it's wise to know what you're getting into beforehand.<br /><br />Charles Whittlesey<br />[...]
1892005034|5.0|This is one of those books that's potentially life-changing.  Its conclusions, exercises, and recommendations are delightfully simple, and in some ways even obvious - except - the obvious isn't always so obvious, is it?<br /><br />One example that really struck home for me was the concept of positive feedback.  Instead of just giving someone a compliment - \\"Wow, great work!\\" or \\"I really appreciate your help\\" - say specifically what was great about it or what you appreciated.  \\"Without your help in the yard last weekend, I wouldn't have been able to get the fruit trees pruned in time to get all the branches out for curbside pickup.  I really want to thank you for helping me meet that deadline.\\"<br /><br />This is only one of the truly meaningful ways that Nonviolent Communication can help you make a difference in your relationships with others and can help you really get your requests and needs *heard,* *understood,* and *acted on* by others. Highly recommended!
B000T05R8Q|5.0|This record sounds almost totally different in mono . Being too young to have heard the mono LP , I grew up listening to the stereo version . Is it me or does Lucifer Sam sound faster in mono ? It sounds better that way . Listening to the stereo version now sounds a bit muddier than the mono . The whole packaging is superb and getting the singles as a bonus is nice although I already had most of them through the Shine On box set . Piper is still one of the best albums of it's era and it was long overdue for it's highly polished re-release ! a great addition to my floyd library .
B000FFJYCU|5.0|I caught this one evening on TCM and was so impressed I bought the DVD. I know some of the reviewers were down on the whole \\"dramatic\\" part of this film - but I couldn't disagree more. Like everyone else, I watched it for the spectacular cinema scope and race footage - which are simply beautiful whether you're a race fan or not - but I enjoyed the stories they weaved around the races. Very well written dialog and insightful. Just because a movie dramatizes human relationships and their complexities doesn't therefore mean it's a \\"soap opera.\\" In fact, the writers were amazingly deft to keep the stories moving, intriguing and honest. It took me a spell to get used to seeing James Garner on the big screen as I'm a big Rockford fan - and maybe Steve McQueen would have been better. But didn't find this to be an issue during the second viewing and actually was glad it was Garner.
0743454537|4.0|Picoult tackles the touchy subjects of medical and parental ethics in this refreshingly original book about a family dealing with the disease of one of its own. Using multiple characters' thoughts and viewpoints, Picoult portrays the struggles of Kate, a teenager with leukemia, who must rely on her genetically altered younger sister, Anna, to keep her alive through regular blood transfusions and transplants.  After years of invasive surgeries, Anna hires a lawyer to gain medical emancipation from her parents so she can stop being the guinea pig for her older sister and finally gain control of her own life.  What follows is a rollercoaster ride of emotions as the two sisters, their brother Jesse, and their parents must essentially choose sides by supporting either Anna or Kate, thus nearly ripping the family apart.       With My Sister's Keeper, Picoult serves up a thought-provoking novel that fairly covers both sides of several hairy issues including genetic alteration, children's rights, and parents' allegiance to their kids.  Although this book cannot be labeled as an ethical guidebook in any way, it can and does serve as a mediator between opposing viewpoints surrounding the aforementioned ethical dilemmas.  By nature it forces the reader to take sides with or against each character in the book and evaluate one's own values and morals in the process using an intricate plot and intriguing character insight.     Whether one likes the book or not, this book's consequences will be felt by each reader.  Although it may never alter the landscape of medical ethics, it has the power to change and shape the thought processes by which doctors and family members make tough decisions.  By breaking down the case of Kate and Anna and making it into an emotional tale of family perseverance, everyone who reads this novel must evaluate their stance on each issue, making it more likely they will return to these evaluations in real life situations.  Whether dealing with leukemia ora minor moral dillema, Picoult shows the reader how each can affect multiple characters and alter the outcome of a life.  The life lessons found in the book can be used long after it has been finished.
B000NA1OXY|2.0|Get some help next time with lyrics. I mean, I like<br />the new video and she's cute and all, but grow up!<br /><br />She had too much success with only a pretty good<br />first effort that she was pushed into the sort of<br />'younger Jewel' type mode by greedy rec. Co. Execs.<br /><br />Maybe it's time for her to go back to the great white<br />North and reactivate her hockey career?
B000TCEU4Q|5.0|Setup was fairly easy.  I was not told that there are 3 switches associated with the X/Y/Z axis, as they pass Zero.  It is a nice touch.  I have the throttle engage the brake, the Prop engages the reverse thrust, and so on.  Just my choices.  So there are actually three axis sliders and 9 switches.    Install the drivers bur do not install the setup software, use the FS-9 or FS-X controls setup.  It was all auto selectable.    I installed mine in Flight Simulator-X and the mounting is adjustable and much better than the CH product.  The levers simulate the real thing better, too.  Well built and solid.  Thanks Saitek.
055358894X|5.0|A very enjoyable book.      Hard to believe it is the author's first as it is very competently written.  The world building was believable and provided a nice backdrop for the rip-roaring action.  As another reviewer commented, it is reminiscent of Fritz Leiber's Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser series.    The fractured time-line referred to by one reviewer is not particularly difficult to navigate, though if you are a young teenager or only a sometime reader it may disrupt your attention for a while.    The swearing in the book obviously puts some readers off.  I agree that maybe it was a little overdone, but most of the time it was appropriate to the characters and their situations and I soon stopped noticing it.    The principal character was very well drawn - it is a tribute to the author that the principal character who has few morals (he does usually draw the line at murder) is easily adopted by the reader, whereas the principal protagonist who is arguably trying to achieve much needed social reform/revolution, is clearly the villain.    I've just been on 3 weeks' holiday lying on a beach and over that period read about 35 books - all carefully pre-selected based on other reader's reviews.  Along with Carol Berg's Transformation and C D Payne's Frisco Pigeon Mambo, this was the one I enjoyed the most.    I look forward to reading his next novel.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|I wanted the Region 4 goodies, and this edition has them.  Also, it was nice to have the Tam sessions on disc instead of having to watch them online.  I also love cast commentaries, which the original edition didn't have (I do wish they'd gotten more or all of the main cast on the commentary though -- they don't all have to be in the same room at the same time to do a commentary).  I also wish they'd included more deleted/extended scenes, especially after so much was made of how much had to be cut for the final version of the film, and especially after the Visual Companion included pics of at least one deleted scene that I know many fans would like to see.  And no easter egg?    Minor complaints aside, buying this edition was worth it to me for two main reasons: 1) the Region 4 goodies (although I'm confused as to why they weren't included on all regions' versions in the first place), and 2) I'm willing to spend quite a bit of money to get someone, anyone, to continue this universe in some filmed form.  For instance, I would buy Serenity: the Very Very Special Edition, Serenity: the Super-Duper Fabulous Collector's Edition, and Serenity: Nothing New but the Fans' Desperation Might Get Universal's Attention Edition (actually I already bought that last one several times, except they're just called Second Copy, Third Copy, and \\"Serenity in HD\\".  I don't have an HD player.
0684830515|5.0|Ernest Hemmingway in his unique style delivers a masterpiece in adult fiction. His prose is concise and words beauty known only to the reader. He creates a wonderful atmosphere of the locations and his character's travel through the landscape and through emotions is captured exceptionally well.     This is a timeless classic. There is nothing I can say to convince anyone to read it. The characters are well-developed. There is love and passion and pain and beauty. The world that Hemmingway recreates belongs with these characters. The book launched a successful career and in me it set in motion the desire to read everything ever written by this brilliant writer.
0374105235|5.0|Author Ishmael Beah was a soldier in Sierra Leone. Beah's keen and visceral writing led me close to \\"imagining\\" what he went through. I know I can't \\"understand\\", having never experienced war.     Beah's writing talent is apparent as he describes leaving the relative safety of his camp to set up an ambush:      \\"I've never been so afraid to go anywhere in my life as I was that day. Even the scuttle of a lizard frightened my entire being. A slight breeze blew and it went through my brain with a sharp swoop that made me grit my teeth in pain. Tears had begun to form in my eyes, but I struggled to hide them and gripped my gun for comfort.    \\"We walked into the arms of the forest, holding our guns as if they were the only things that gave us strength. We exhaled quietly, afraid that our own breathing could cause our death.\\"     Read A LONG WAY GONE. Experience Beah's writing. Try to understand.
B000E8NRR6|5.0|(Morph The Cat) - Take a straight \\"G Major\\" chord, put in a \\"children's song\\" like, 'sing-a-long' melody, harmonize with a 7th, a 6th & a 9th (OK its basically a G13 chord), let the bass line tease its way around the tonic... and there you have the \\"A\\" verse section.... its very simple AND uniquely brilliant. Go to the relative minor with the same treatment... \\"B\\" verse; well, you get the idea.... it is simple, but molding (or morphing) something so simple into something so complex is the genius. Of course when you get to the chorus where he goes to the dominant (or the 5) chord, with a slew of accidentals, it really does get a little more complex... I just think Fagen is doing something more songwriters should a least try to do... be fresh... melodically and harmonically (don't forget rhythmically). I am SOOOOoooo tired of the \\"re-hash\\" methodology in pop music... another sign of \\"dumbing down\\".     (Great Pagoda Of Funn) - This is an amazing song. It has everything. I honestly get close to weeping at the chorus. It really squeezes the emotion. It kind of oddly reminds me of something Duke Ellington might have written, had he lived in these days.     (Mary Shut The Garden Door) - This song perfectly captures the emotion of \\"Honey, I heard a noise downstairs\\"... the music reflects the lyrics.     Thats just picking out a couple of tunes, but the whole album is wonderful. This would be required listening to anyone in my class... if I taught a class. Its interesting, intelligent, humorous, grooving, moving, inspiring... the production is all around top-drawer, the performances are more than impressive, and this album will live as a milestone. Hey Donald, you just keep on raising the bar buddy... I'm with you!
B00026WU9Q|5.0|Released in 1965, Bringing it All Back Home is a pivotal moment in the history of rock `n' roll, a sparkling jewel in the Bob Dylan catalogue, and one of the greatest albums ever recorded. The record combined the earthy poetics of folk music with the freeform, electrified joys of rock, birthing a whole new sound in the process. The music is by turns gritty, dreamy, propulsive and beautiful, an intoxicating swirl of acoustic and electric, of driving rhythms and rolling melodies. The lyrics are pure poetry, a series of mind-bending verses and stark dreamscapes, a vast mixture of poignancy, humor, anger, and longing. Classic Dylan, if I do say so myself.    In its original (vinyl) incarnation, the record was split right down the middle: Side 1 of the original LP was devoted to amped up, blues-soaked folk-rock, while side 2 featured nothing but acoustic ruminations. Both sides were totally awesome. The electric half featured classics such as \\"Subterranean Homesick Blues,\\" a hard-drivin' blast of electrified blues-rock boogie, with s rhythm that is pure Chuck Berry. The lyrics are a head-spinning surrealist ramble with some deliciously subtle social commentary and warped character sketches. \\"Maggie's Farm\\" is a broken-down protest number with a mutilated honky-tonk vibe. \\"Outlaw Blues\\" and \\"One the Road Again\\" are gin-soaked ramblers with some fantastically bizarre lyrics, and \\"Bob Dylan's 115th Dream\\" is a just-plain hilarious slab of distorted Americana. \\"She Belongs To Me\\" and \\"\\"Love Minus Zero/No Limit\\" are gentler numbers, with lilting melodies and nuanced vocals.    The acoustic side is, somehow, even better. \\"Mr. Tambourine Man\\" is one of Dylan's most stunningly beautiful songs- it's a dreamy, ethereal reverie with lyrics that ring with love, longing, and nostalgia. It communicates an uncanny amount of emotion, mapping the contours of pain and joy with an unbelievable finesse. And then there's \\"Gates of Eden,\\" a haunting labyrinth of sound and poetry. The lyrics feature some of Dylan's most striking imagery. \\"It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding\\" is a post-modern protest song, an apocalyptic epic that sees Dylan firing shots at the hollow, materialistic pitfalls of modern life, while his guitar radiates pure tension. Closing out the album is \\"It's All Over Now, Baby Blue,\\" a rolling ballad that manages to be both mournful and scathing. Nice. So yeah, it's a masterpiece. Get it.
B00009UW0N|5.0|One of the best Horror movies of our time.<br />Good to see a 25year Edition come out,<br />to Honor it.<br />Can't wait to watch it again on Halloween<br />night.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|All of my kids from 19 years old to 14 years old love this series.  We ordered the first season and received it right away in a few days.  Yeah! Great service, great product.
0810993139|5.0|My son never really liked reading until THIS BOOK.  He is staying up late and getting up early just so he has time to read.  We are anxiously waiting for the second book to come out.  I think that every 10 year old boy needs to read this book.  Very funny and the kids can associate with the characters in this book.  BUY IT FOR YOUR CHILDREN!
0060853980|3.0|It's Holy Grail meets The Omen.  Very clever conceit/premise with a few funny scenes scattered throughout.  In general, however, I found the writing to be subpar and the characters were only vaguely fleshed out (except for Crowley and Az).  Most of the time I could actually hear the authors patting themselves on the back for being so clever.  Ugh.  Not sure why everyone raves about this book.  I haven't read the other Neil Gaiman books so not sure if this is a typical effort or if I have Terry Pratchett to blame.
1400095204|5.0|I won't say much since the other reviewers have nicely listed a synopsis of the book, but what I will say is that I loved this book. It is not often one finds a book where you care very much for the characters and want to know what happens next and can't put it down. The author writes in a way that makes you feel you are there. Those who have lived in Africa will also feel closer to the book and its characters. When I finished this book I cried... and am still thinking about the story. Buy this book, you will not be disappointed.
006441034X|5.0|I saw the movie and adored it.  But then I read the book and realized just how much the movie left out....nuances, complexities of characters and emotion.  The book is truly wondrous and tickles the imagination in ways you wouldn't believe.  Not to be missed, especially if you enjoyed the movie.  For all ages.
0312330537|5.0|I can't remember the last time that I read a story so compelling and visual that it was impossible to put down for all 900+ pages.
B0000VCZKM|3.0|This movie is a classic and I just bought it for my 2.5yo daughter.  She watches it it at least twice a day.  I have one problem though, and it's a fairly large probelm that would make me tell others to \\"pass\\" on the Special Edition.  The sound quality is bad.  The singing parts are sooooo loud and the speaking parts are quiet.  I'm adjusting the volume throughout the movie.  Not good!!!
B000T05R8Q|4.0|Once again consumers are faced with the decision of whether to get the latest issue of an album they have bought many times over. Sometimes with the assumption that the previous purchase of said item was supposedly the \\"definitive\\" or \\"limited\\" edition. Pink Floyd's catalog has been re-issued and re-packaged so many times one is left with a feeling of being \\"ripped off\\". It's nice to everything in one place but come on, why can't the fans get what they have been asking for?<br /><br />Admittedly the first CD version of \\"The Piper At The Gates Of Dawn\\" was not very good. Then it was re-mastered and then re-mastered again for the mono edition that came out a while back and now we are faced again with another re-master of both mono and stereo versions. By buying this \\"limited edition\\" you get another CD of the singles released by the band in 1967 as well as some out-takes along with a replica of Syd Barrett's 1965 book of his collage work which is encased in a cloth covered book.<br /><br />My review is not about the album. There really is no need to go into how great it is. Others more eloquent than I have already said all there is to say. My review is about the product. Here are 2 of my pet peeves:<br /><br />1. There is no track or studio annotation. We know that Abby Road kept meticulous records of all the recording sessions so you would think there would be something included with this \\"limited edition\\". There aren't even any liner notes just the lyrics.<br />2. Lack of really rare tracks. The singles have been released separately before. The other bonus tracks are nice to have but isn't there anything else in the vaults? Any first run-throughs? Anything from prior to signing with EMI?<br /><br />I feel an opportunity has slipped through EMI's fingers. I would have like to have seen something along the lines of Frank Zappa's 4 CD edition of MOFO or the Pet Sound Sessions. A collection of all of the surviving session tapes instead of something that most people have already.<br /><br />Well, I can dream can't I?<br /><br />I'll end with this. If this is your first upgrade than get this, you will not be disappointed.<br /><br />Update: The mono version is the same as that other mono version from a few years ago. I have played them back to back and they sound the same. Also, there has been talk that Syd Barrett was involved in the mix. There is really no evidence to back this up. According to producer Norman Smith, he mixed it and the band approved the final mono mix and he did the stereo mix later with an Abbey Road staff engineer. It's that mono mix that's on this set and the previous \\"limited edition\\" mono edition.<br /><br />Update #2: After listening to this again I am even more angry about this release. This entire collection could have fit on 2 discs with room to spare. They could have filled an entire disc with 70min of unreleased material. I feel so violated.t I?    I'll end with this. If this is your first upgrade than get this, you will not be disappointed.    Update: The mono version is the same as that other mono version from a few years ago. I have played them back to back and they sound the same. Also, there has been talk that Syd Barrett was involved in the mix. There is really no evidence to back this up. According to producer Norman Smith, he mixed it and the band approved the final mono mix and he did the stereo mix later with an Abbey Road staff engineer. It's that mono mix that's on this set and the previous \\"limited edition\\" mono edition.    Update #2: After listening to this again I am even more angry about this release. This entire collection could have fit on 2 discs with room to spare. They could have filled an entire disc with 70min of unreleased material. I feel so violated.
0375505091|5.0|I've been wanting this book for a while and to have found it here for under $75 I was excited and bought it immediately. A Photographer's Life: 1990-2005 by Annie Leibovitz mixes photos of famous faces and intimate photos of her family, close friends and a few landscapes. I really enjoyed all of the photos. The book is so big I have yet to get through the whole thing! It was well worth the money I am defiantly now a fan of Leibovitz.
B000VZUWZW|4.0|i actually thought this was pretty funny.  after some of the reviews, i wasn't so sure i would like this show, but it made me laugh.
0618680004|1.0|Self-serving, defensive and contains nothing a person with a normal IQ doesn't already know.  Not necessarily well-written either.  The average reader will need a dictionary at hand to read this book and most likely won't finish it.
0340766166|5.0|When I was a kid, we owned this really abstract game for our Commodore 64 called \\"Shogun\\".  None of us had any idea how to play it, but we liked the music and thought the characters were funny looking.  Fast-forward about 21 years and I am at a book fair and I come across this gem.  I got it for like, a buck I think.  This is a HUGE book. Something like 1,500 pages.  I was always curious what it was that inspired such a crummy game.  Well, this book is GREAT.  Extremely well-written, it plays out like a movie. Some of it is confusing - as I have trouble remember who is who aside from a few key characters.  But, it's a great read.  I only recently learned this was a made-for-TV thing back in the day, and thanks to netflix, I'm going to watch that next.  Good book.  You'll like it.
B000683VI4|1.0|The movie shows way too much of two that fall in love and is very offensive by showing two scenes of total nudity and engaging in 'love' before marriage.  After about 10 minutes you get the message that they are in love and have tension, but the movie continues the same theme for an hour or more.  I will NOT give away the ending which is very powerful except that my experience with an Alzheimer friend was very much different and very much more painful and depressing.  The ending in the movie happens to about two percent of those whose lives are hurt by the disease.  It IS one of the most horrible and painful sicknesses to loved ones than any other disease.   May I add that if we diverted the money to AIDS which is 95% preventable and placed it in research for an Alzheimer cure/vaccine, which is 100% non-preventable and which afflicts the innocent, both victims and families, there would be a better chance of reducing or eliminating the non-discriminating disease.
B00005JMXX|5.0|If you love action and thriller movies, this one is for you. Honestly if you do love action movies, I am surprised you haven't seen it yet. This movie is the story of a father, who after the new ice age hit the Earth, is heading to New York to find his son. What is great about this movie is not just extraordinary action scenes and stunning visuals, it actually has quite interesting plot. It is one of my favorite movies and if you loved War of the Worlds, Mummy, and Twister this movie is definitely for you.
B000005HFH|5.0|My GOSH this is a good album.  Good heavens.  I had never heard of Chet Baker as of a few years ago (hey, I'm 24 now... it takes me a while to catch on to these things).  Occasionally on Turner Classic Movies I would hear a lovely little tune before the morning movie-- the words were cute and the singer and accompaniment were very pleasant.  I finally looked up the song online and saw it was a 1920 Jerome Kern tune, \\"Look For the Silver Lining\\" and I thought, 'oh, interesting... well, I guess maybe they're using this song because it's public domain or something.\\"  Actually, no, they were using it because not just its age but also its great recording by not some studio musician but an actual famous person... Chet Baker.<br /><br />A lot of people complain that even his admirers admit that he \\"can't sing.\\"  I don't think that's true.  Granted, my favorite singers are so-called 'real singers' like Bing Crosby, Nat King Cole, or, to name a woman, Margaret Whiting.  However!  Jimmy Durante and Louis Armstrong had significantly more bizarre singing voices than Chet Baker, but they were always perfectly on tune and sang great songs with great arrangements, so people loved their vocals (especially loved are some of the lush pop arrangements both artists recorded in their later years).  The same with Chet:  the arrangements are minimalist, understated, and just perfect for the songs, and his fragile and always-just-right vocals leave you hanging on every delightful lyric.  Never too much or too little on these songs.  The best word has been said by others...  \\"disarming\\".<br /><br />Some of my favorites from this album, other than 'Silver Lining', include the fantastic Gershwin tune 'But Not For Me' in a rather upbeat setting (compared to Ella's, for instance), the tenderly rueful 'I Get Along Without You Very Well', 'Let's Get Lost', and a pensive song I learned to love after hearing it by Fred Waring's Pennsylvanians, 'My Ideal.'  He picked some interesting tunes to record... often lesser-known songs by better known writers were in his repertoire.<br /><br />I'm sorry such people have a negative view of his vocals, but these recordings really melt your heart with his baring-it-all sound and the piano and rhythm accompaniment add just the right touch to the mix.  I have 700+ albums including CDs and records and I have been listening to this thing like crazy all week since I got it.<br /><br />This album is a steal.  It's great background music or wonderful to put on and ponder.  Stop reading this and buy it right now!-known songs by better known writers were in his repertoire.    I'm sorry such people have a negative view of his vocals, but these recordings really melt your heart with his baring-it-all sound and the piano and rhythm accompaniment add just the right touch to the mix.  I have 700+ albums including CDs and records and I have been listening to this thing like crazy all week since I got it.    This album is a steal.  It's great background music or wonderful to put on and ponder.  Stop reading this and buy it right now!
B000SNUMC0|3.0|\\"Ripper\\" owens screams sounds like my 3-year old niece's screams when she cries. But vocals are a matter of taste. So Vocals aside, the lyrics and the storytelling are impecable.  However, the songs aren't up to iced earth par. There are only 3 awesome songs. They are 'A charge to keep', 'Order of the Rose', 'When Stars Collide'. Ironically, they sound somewhat similiar, and furthermore 'When Stars Collide' has Owens singing in the background. The rest of the songs have a few catchy passages in them, but not enough to keep coming back for more. The guitar riffs in general remind me of guitar riffs on other albums.    It is a just different album. Taken on its own it is a very well produced, thoughtful album. Album has more focus on lyrics and story, than on guitar riffs. It is more produced, but with less head thrashing, grooving songs from start to finish like previous albums. I have to knock down the stars based on the lack of catchy original songs from start to finish, which I've come to love from iced earth. To put it in perspective, I would rate dark saga, SWTWC, and horror show as 5 stars.
0316067598|5.0|This is written as a first person account of a horrible experiance. Background is excellent, operation account is harrowing. We have people \\"over there\\" right now doing this stuff every day. Makes you appreciate everything our service personel do. He's very humble, not quite Audie Murphy \\"To Hell And Back\\" humble but close. This is a page turner.
B000RG1FMO|4.0|I haven't been much of a Kanye fan. This is actually the first CD I purschased of his. I'm not even going to try and compare Kanye vs. 50 because I feel that they are just two different types of music. I was really feeling the song \\"stronger\\" and decided with all the hype I would check out his CD. Definelty  worth buying. All the songs are good and you find yourself listening to the complete album without having to skip most song, like I find myself having to do for so many other artisit.     So putting aside Kanye's full of himself attitude, which I can careless for, the album is still worth buying.
B00005JPMZ|4.0|When I was a kid, I loved the Ninja Turtles and I used to watch them whenever they were on with my younger brother and sister.  We even used to make our dad make pizza for us as often as possible so that we could imitate them.  Anyway, my point is, we were really obsessed with the Ninja Turtles as children.    This new movie, let's face it, was designed for kids, but does try to take into account the fact that there are most-likely going to be adults watching as well.  As a result, the movie comes off as kiddish with some humor that adults can enjoy mixed in.  At the beginning of the movie, I had a hard time shaking off the feeling that I was going to be watching a video game, due to the CGI animation, but after a while I was able to ignore that feeling and enjoy the movie.  My favorite parts were mainly the interactions between the brothers.  I thought the exterior story with the monsters was pretty dumb, but I would gladly watch the movie again just for the turtles.      Like I said earlier, I used to be obsessed with them, but, eventually I grew up and forgot about them.  When this movie came out, I was excited that they were making movies about them again, but I was a little worried that it would be ruined because of the animation form.  I'll end this by saying that I'm glad that I took the chance to see them again, because after viewing the movie I realized just how much I had missed the Turtles.  I am very grateful for the opportunity to watch, as an adult, a more grown up version of the four turtles that had meant so much to me as a child.
B0002OERI0|1.0|I believe Green Day is a rather tepid band and this album is tremendously overrated.  I think Green Day decided to go \\"political\\" here because there was some $$$ to be made.  The hey-day of Dookie was over, and Green Day wanted back in the spotlight, and this album got them there.  Bush bashing was at its height in 2004, and it was quite a little cottage industry for many people (mostly comics, musicians, and filmmakers, who mined the Bush bashing for all it was worth.  Sure, Bush is an a**hole, but I don't like being preached to, especially when the message is so obvious.  Green Day jumped on the bandwagon.  I did like some of the title track.  It has a catchy opening riff.  The song When September Ends is one of the most predictable, obvious songs I've ever heard.  The lyrics are so blatant and obvious, like singing \\"war is bad/makes me mad/stop the war/we'll be glad\\".  Billy Joe is trying to sound angry and sensitive, but he sounds grating and shrill instead.  Some adore this band, and that's their right.  Some despise this band, and that's their right, and they are right.
0812548094|5.0|For Terry Goodkind and Sword of the Truth fans, you just have to read book 2!
B00000K3D4|3.0|As an adult I love this kids movie. I enjoy watching my children watch it and sing along and dance. It is an old movie so it does not have some of the digital camera action shots like the newer movies but, once you watch it you'll come to love it just the way it is.
0307387178|2.0|I read this book after long hearing how great it was.  I read into thin air and loved it.  This book to me felt way too thin...you could tell the author was stretching to make it longer.  While I liked the underline quotes that came from Chris' journal the other ones were superfluous.  The side stories of other people who died in the wild were also incredibly distracting and you even the author felt the need to justify their inclusion.  Every anecdote ended or began with Krakauer telling us why we read or are about to read them.      I also couldn't help feeling like Krakauer was over mythologizing Chris' journey.  It read to me almost like the story of a mentally imbalanced individual pushing himself over the edge.  I felt sorry for him not moved by him.    The story was at its best when describing his epic journey, but that only happened in fits and starts and all told probably occupied 3% of an already short book.      While I thought Krakauer's own story was interesting, it was distracting and a touch self indulgent to include.  Over all, I think this story was better left as a really great article.
031236198X|1.0|This book was entirely too elementary.  I was expecting some insight into managing change, not a grade school level story.
1878424505|5.0|I think we've all seen this stuff before in various incarnations (e.g. Bible - \\"Do unto others...\\") but it is a very easy read and the agreements are plain and unambiguous. They are not cluttered with ceremony but come down to principles of values and self context. And like alot of similar readings, the battle or challenge lies in the effort to achieve and not only the achievement itself. I like that it advocates largely a position or development of an inner strength that is personal. All too often, I have noticed some of these personal freedom type writings from authors who present their writings in a stadium type environment and whip the crowd up in a frenzy to create a mob frenzy that attempts to portray the message. That's clearly the domain of some charlatans that we've all seen. I'm looking forward to the challenge involved in implementing these agreements. It won't be easy but most thnigs worthwhile aren't so they say.
B00004HYLF|5.0|Chick Corea was naming too many of his experiments at the time \\"Return to Forever\\".  But, this incarnation featuring Al DiMeola (guitars), Stanley Clarke (basses) and Lenny White (drums) was his most ingenious experiment ever!  Romantic Warrior stands alone as possibly the best album of all time!!!  Its mix of jazz and rock, combined with the elements of classical and medieval music (as attacked from a '70s Art Rock perspective on a level of Pink Floyd, Yes, Emerson, Lake & Palmer and Rush) makes this a stand-out, miles-apart masterpiece that will never be rivaled!!  It still amazes me how these four guys blended complex and well-layered compositions with a standard of casual listen-ability, making the album as easy to enjoy as it is impressive from the standpoint of a classically-trained musician.  As I mentioned, even if you're a fan of such '70s prog rock bands as Pink Floyd, Yes, ELP or Rush, this is music that will positively blow your mind!  Stellar performances by all four band members, intricate writing, power and brilliance!!!  If you like jazz/rock fusion, this is THE album to have!!!  It is the standard that no one else will ever match!!!
B00004R99J|2.0|I actually wanted to give this one star, but my sentimental attachment to all things Disney forced me to throw in a bonus point.<br /><br />I know it's for kids. I know it's for entertainment's sake. But....<br /><br />There is so much that is of value in the truth. I don't know why the actual story had to be turned into this PC mish-mash. Disney's adult fans will not be amused. If it's for the kid's sake, please just rent it or borrow it from the library. And, while you're at the library, be sure to pick up some of the wonderful books for kids and teens that tell the facts in just as exciting a manner.<br /><br />If you really want to excite your children about history, take them to Jamestown and Colonial Williamsburg, where history really does come to life!
B000092T6M|5.0|Forget Kevin Costner. He is a no-show in the talent olympics. Alan Rickman  stole this movie. His Sherriff was sexy, devious, insanely fun and just about the only reason to buy this film. Get the extended version. Everything that was cut from the original was Rickman at his most sexy.This is an absolute must for Rickman fans. Especially the ladies who find him irresistable.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|My son and I loved this show! I absouletly loved the music in both seasons 1 & 2 Perfect song choices to match the episodes. I stumbled on this show when looking for a new DVD set to watch and since I am a watcher of Charmed, Buffy, Angel and Ghost Whisper I decided to try it. I purchased the season 1 online and received it on friday and started watching thru that weekend and feel in love with it! Perfect timing because the 2nd season just came out last week and it was just as amazing as the 1st season. I usually get spooked by this level of supernatural but this series seemed to keep my interested without getting me to spooked. Their drive to find their mothers killer they end up helping so many along the way sacrificing everything, and a little humor from the two hot stars and great chemisty together and that great black car they ride around in it is most definetly and must see! I can't wait until the 3rd season now. GREAT SHOW!  A+++
1582701709|5.0|This book is a real teacher.  Anyone who reads it and apply it's words to their life will have a  more beautiful and satisfying life.    It has been interesting to read and I have learned so much and have finally seen in print a lot of things I have felt or known all my life.    It isn't anything against the Bible, so even Bible believer's can learn from it.  It brings to light a lot of the teaching in the Bible.    This is a great book and should be in everyone's home.    Mary Long
B0007XT87G|5.0|I have most of the PT albums now (finally), also some of Steve Wilson's Blackfield and No-man work.  Music preferences are subjective to the individual, but there are common threads.  I have a sizeable collection spanning everything from Ace of Base to Zero 7.  I have most of Pink Floyd's work, Roger Waters and David Gilmour's work, as well as Dream Theater and Queensryche, etc.  I know you don't really care about what I collect, but I wanted to share a reference point. When I listen to rock (which is more often than not), I try to listed to the aforementioned artists and groups. Pink Floyd, especially will always be my favorite \\"head\\" music. PT's Deadwing plants itself very well in the rock part of my collection. The music is layered, complex and very well written. The title track, Deadwing, is an instant hit.  While the 3rd track, Lazarus, demonstrates Steve Wilson's vocals and the group's ability to produce a beautiful melody. Arriving Somewhere But Not Here, is the jewel of the album. This entire 12+ minute track may very well intoxicate you. The simple guitar repetition, vocals and acoustics are the best I've heard in years. Enjoy!
B000AOENJA|5.0|Beautiful music, a modern serving for we who enjoy THE BLUE NILE. However, this disk has trouble playing on computers due to poorly conceived copy-protection software which attempts to embed tracking software in your system. Surreptitious, deceptive and unsafe for your machine. SO, play the songs from a DVD recorder, copy the tracks to your hard drive, tell iTunes to import them as MP3, and enjoy without restriction.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Kayne's newest album Graduation is by far innovative and groundbreaking. He was not afraid of stepping out of the mold and experiment with his art form. That's what hip-hop is all about, bringing the solid lyrics and beats together for something that is reflective, thoughtful and entertaining. Kayne pegged it, and without answering back to 50's insults which I thought was tasteful. Some may call him a whiner, or whatever, but I must admit he brought it.<br /><br />Definite hitter, buy it. Stronger, Big Brother, Good morning, most of all the cuts are solid.
B00008OE4W|5.0|Just Awsome! Love Robert Redford. Don't want to miss any of his movies. He is a legend.
B000CNFC76|5.0|I was surprised, but the attention to detail: costumes, period golf equipment, the history, and the music scores were superb.  The story was a class struggle using the golf course was the battle line.  Best movie I have seen this year.
B000OQF6N6|2.0|I only like four songs on this album, Doomsday Clock, Tarantula, United States and Bring The Light. More the first two than the second two. Sure, this album sounds like the old Smashing Pumpkins, but that's not good enough. Uninspired.
B000002UA0|4.0|While most of Pink Floyd's \\"Piper\\" may sound more like a Beatles wanna- be band from 1967, there is no denying that the song \\"Astronomy Domine\\" marks the true birth of the Pink Floyd sound that would make them famous years later. Everything good about Floyd is in this song; the vocals, guitar work, sound effects etc., it is masterful. This is Syd Barrett's record...David Gilmour would later build on what Syd started but couldn't finish. Therein lies the beauty of this collection; you can hear Syd's brilliance shining through in each song...they just needed Gilmour to polish the sound a bit and tie it all together, as they did on \\"Meddle\\" a few years later.     Some of the songs sound hopelessly outdated; \\"Piper\\" should be purchased more as a historical artifact, rather than a modern day Pink Floyd offering. That being said, there are still some very good songs that stand the test of time, such as \\"Lucifer Sam\\" . Sadly, although Pink Floyd would go on to much bigger things, Syd would never be this good again.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Graduation is an amazing cd!<br />Kanye West is one of the best (the best id say) artists out there right now, and his first two albums i thought were great, but this one knocks even his previous ones out of the box. With each new cd he matures and refines his music. Every song has something that i love in it. 50's cd Curtis.....i believe people bought it because of the hype, and when i listened to a friends cd, i wasnt surprised that i was only okay.Even my boyfriend who LOVES 50 said he was really dissapointed, and his other cds were much better. My favorite songs on Graduation right now excluding his singles are: flashing lights (soon to be another single i hope), i wonder, and the glory. \\"Top 5 mc's u aint gotta remind me, top 5 mc's u gotta rewind me, im high up on the line u can get behind me, but my heads so big u cant sit behind me\\"
B00005JO20|3.0|we've only watched it 3 times since we owned it, good graphics, but the story didn't catch me as most movies i own do. but very high quality, just not into big apes, and the story. but do like jack black - wish he could be a little more funny in this movie, he is a blast.
B000T05R8Q|5.0|It's about time Pink Floyd's classic debut album got the royal reissue treatment. But what's a mere 40 years in the course of rock history? This special edition combines the album itself with the singles and B-sides of the same period, which were intentionally left off the original release due to practices in the British market at that time. (That's why the classics \\"Arnold Layne\\" and \\"See Emily Play\\" have only been available on compilations until now.) Piper is clearly one of the most assured and varied slabs from the weird world of British psychedelia, and its combination of musical skill, songwriting experimentation, and Syd Barrett's unique personality make the album a deserved classic from a musical scene that it effortlessly rose above. The psychedelic vibes range widely from the spacy \\"Astronomy Domine\\" to the sinister \\"Lucifer Sam\\" to the twee \\"The Gnome\\" to the outright unhinged \\"Bike.\\" The album also shows what Pink Floyd could have been, and highlights the differences in sound and outlook between the brief Syd Barrett period and the band's later years of mega-stardom. Fans of Floyd's later monster albums may be surprised to find that in the beginning, Richard Wright's keyboards were arguably the largest component of the band's sound, and Roger Waters actually had a bit of a sense of humor. But Floyd historians will be able to pick out the sly influence of Syd's material on the later albums, and I bet that a less loopy remake of the instrumental \\"Pow R. Toc H.\\" might have even sounded at home on Dark Side of the Moon.<br /><br />Regardless, the one-of-a-kind talents and complex outlook of the dearly departed (in more ways than one) Syd Barrett are what make this album special, and he was just so mind-bendingly unique that there's no way Pink Floyd could have sounded the same after his departure. This deluxe package can be seen as both a valuable overview for Syd fans, and a revelation for fans of the later Floyd who might be aware of Syd's early influence on the band, but haven't been able to truly experience that influence without the aid of a definitive package. After a mere 40 years, we finally have it. [~doomsdayer520~]band, but haven't been able to truly experience that influence without the aid of a definitive package. After a mere 40 years, we finally have it. [~doomsdayer520~]
B000RG1FMO|4.0|I bought both Graduation and 50's Curtis via bootleg about a week before they came out. I am still going to buy Kanye's new album because it is truly hip hop. If you don't think this CD is dope, you are not a real hip hop head. This CD has everything: lyrics, dope beats and you can find yourself constantly rewinding to keep up w/ Kanye's lyricism. 50's CD is so basic and bland, you can really tell who put their heart and soul into the makings of their respective albums. Kanye isnt going to release just anything and this CD proves it. 50: GAME OVER!!
B000002GXJ|2.0|This is a fine recording of a great band. However I cannot recommend it and hence it only gets 2 stars.<br /><br />The reason for this is that you might have thought that with an album cover which says EAGLES LIVE this would actually be a live a album. But no its not, in fact if you read the credits you'll find that there are overdubs added. So it should be called EAGLES LIVE (EXCEPT FOR THE OVERDUBS WHICH WE ADDED AFTER THE CONCERTS). Now if they called it that I probably would have given it 4 stars.<br /><br />Shame, because the recordings are good, but if I wanted a studio quality recording, I'd have bought the original studio albums. Live is live, it can't be almost live unless its advertised as such!
B000002P5W|5.0|[[ASIN:B000KH0OJK Not Me]]    The more you listen to this album the more you hear. It is raw, melodic, harsh and pensive. One of my favourite CDs. The jacket is fantastic too and includes all the lyrics - and there are some amazing ones in this song collection.    Ian Cocker
B000M3452Y|3.0|I happened to catch LCD Soundsystem at Lollapalooza 2007 in Chicago and was incredibly impressed with their live set.  They had an immense amount of energy onstage and frontman James Murphy really knows how to get a crowd going.  Unfortunately, this album doesn't do the greatest job of capturing that energy.  It seems to amble at times, a song seeming like its going to hit the mark, and then missing.  Now, there are a few gems here, esp. North Americans and Time to Get Away.  But after that, much of the songs seems to flow together into one homongeous and rather unimpressive glob of post-punk electro.    Far worse then any of the above though, is the fact that the album contains only NINE TRACKS!  I missed this detail when purchasing and MAN, do I feel ripped off.  This should be an EP and a single, not an album.  A disturbing lack of content like this is just not fair to the fans.
B000VZUWZW|5.0|OMG, Whoever did the laugh track for this show has no clue how to do their job. Laugh tracks suck in general, but this one made the show painful to watch. Could it be likable? Sure, but not with that laugh track! We have put it in as a season's pass and will see how it goes before we start watching it. This one may not last long, but as a nerd, I find it has potential. EDIT: We actually ended up loving this show. I hope it returns after the strike. Being a nerd who works at a University, this show hits home... yes I know these people..!
0061122092|5.0|I have this book since I am 16 years old. I've read it so many times and it always get me emotional... No matter what book they release, this is my FAVORITE BOOK EVER!
0399230033|5.0|Goodnight, Gorilla is a delightful book, filled with fun, secrets and anticipation.  We started reading it at age 2 and my now 6 year old son still enjoys it!  We especially love the dark page with eyes....you will too!  It is the perfect companion to '10 Minutes Till Bedtime', also by Peggy Rathmann, because this cast of characters appear in that book as next door neighbors! Together they make a perfect child/baby gift.  Thanks Peggy Rathmann!
0385341067|3.0|Mister Pip is a novel dedicated to paying homage to the beauty and power of literature. The first half of the novel, in particular, can be seen as a sustained attempt to illustrate the various benefits and affects that reading a work of literature has upon us. Although, I'm sure that some, if not all, of these ideas, have already been heard or thought of by you, Jones does manage to present them in a rather vivid way that restores the poignancy back to them.     We are introduced to Matilda, a young island girl whose world and relationship with her mother are slowly beginning to deteriorating, when she encounters her first piece of written literature. Through Matilda's eyes, we learn, as she becomes more and more engrossed by Mr. Watts (her school teacher) reading of Great Expectations, that reading can profoundly alter our lives for the better.     A manifold of possibilities magically opens before us when we read - we can escape our world, understand our world better, understand ourselves better, visit new worlds, see the world differently, learn life lessons, remember times long since past, hope becomes reborn in us, we are healed, our imaginations are given free reign, the courage to change who we are is granted us, and following our dreams makes sense to us.     The second half of the novel moves away from extolling the virtues of reading literature, and instead is concerned with giving some account of Mr. Watts's life before to coming to Bougainville and what becomes of Matilda after several years. Throughout the novel, there is always a sadness that haunts Mr. Watts. This sadness becomes understandable after we learn a little about his past. As for Matilda, we learn that Matilda has come a long way and will be just fine.     Overall this is a nice little book, with a message I think it would be blasphemous to dispute, but given all the acolytes and praise being bestowed upon it, a book I was expecting a lot more from.       What you're about to read is an update to my original review.     Given that I'm in the minority here regarding this book's value - actually, let me rephrase that. I am the minority here; there have been 11 other reviews written about this book, and I'm the only one who has failed to assign at least a 4 star rating. The overwhelming majority of reviewers have deemed this book as belonging in the 5 star category.     Now, since I'm the lone dissenter here, perhaps, I was unduly harsh with my initial review. It would be a lot easier to concede that this was the case, however, it is not something that I think is true. I rated the book as being average because that is what it is. The book's average because the plot, characters, and prose never ascend beyond the commonplace. This commonplaceness is what precludes this book from being anything other than a 3 star book in my mind. It is a book, in all likelihood, I won't remember reading in a few years, because there is nothing memorable in it.      Sure, the book has a nice message, but a message that is not unique to this book. Furthermore, it is a message that any serious book reader already knows and endorses. Moreover, Jones deludes this message by suddenly shifting the focus of the second half of the novel away from this, and onto the lives of Mr. Watts and Matilda.     Neither Matilda nor Mr. Watts are compelling enough characters to suddenly warrant this shift and attempt at further development. When it comes down to it, Matilda is nothing more than a typical coming of age kid. The only twist is that she happens to be a girl living on an island that is somewhat cut off from western influence. As for Mr. Watts, as it turns out, he is just another guy ill used by life that has turned to the arms of another woman for comfort.     And the development that Jones offers for these characters is not sufficient in nature to make you connect with and care about them. We learn about the life Matilda leads as a young woman, and there is nothing about these details that enriches or illuminates her character whatsoever. While we do learn about the source of Mr. Watts sadness, that just makes his character more understandable, not more likeable or interesting.     The prose is quite ordinary; not terrible, but then again, nothing that ever comes close to being dazzling or engaging. The closest Jones comes is when he is describing Matilda's desire to know what happens next in Great Expectations; her anticipation and enthusiasm are quite efficacious. And he also does a good job of depicting Mr. Watts as being haunted by a past sadness.     So, in the end, I would neither encourage nor discourage you from reading this book, because, if you choose not to read it, in all honesty, you wouldn't be missing anything, and if you do choose to read it, the book is so short that you will be able to finish it quickly and therefore not lose any significant time that could have been devoted to reading a better book.  In short, this is a book that is not a colossal waste of your time, but at the same time, it is far away from being a rewarding read.
B000LPQ6DE|4.0|It does not surprise me that deservingly beloved book has been attracting the talented film-makers over again . The story of dramatic love that in the end overcomes all possible and impossible obstacles, tragic and dark secrets, sorrow, and regrets is modern and timeless, and the characters are alive, passionate, and very sympathetic.<br /><br />Of five TV and big screen \\"Jane Eyre\\" films I've seen, I liked the most two British TV films that follow the book closely. My favorite one is still after all these years the 1983 version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. For many years, it had been the only version I saw, found it perfect, and did not think of watching the others \\"Jane Eyre\\" films. Two weeks ago, after re-watching Dalton/Clarke film yet again, I read about it on-line and was impressed to find out that the book has been adapted 18 times, and the artists as great as Orson Welles and George C. Scott among others have created the screen image of mysterious and charismatic Mr. Rochester. Famous for his classics adaptations director Franco Zeffirelli (his \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" is among my favorite movies) has directed 1996 version of \\"Jane Eyre\\" with William Hurt, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Anna Paquin, Geraldine Chaplin, and Joan Plowright.<br /><br />During the last two weeks, I've seen five \\"Jane Eyre\\" movies and it was a wonderful experience. There is something to admire in every adaptation of \\"Jane Eyre\\" even if not all of them are completely successful. The last film I saw was \\"Jane Eyre\\" (2006) TV-Series \\"Masterpiece Theatre\\" production directed by Susanna White with Toby Stephens, Ruth Wilson, and Francesca Annis as Lady Ingram. I admire this 228 minutes film for its devotion and loyalty to the book - it follows many plot lines faithfully and respectfully, and it very successful in creating the palpable real chemistry between two main characters which makes this film the most sensual of all yet incredibly romantic and delicate. I am very happy to admit that in case of Toby Stephens, the nature did not take a break - he is a talented actor with great screen presence. I first saw Toby in the James Bond movie \\"Die Another Day\\" (2002) where his was the most memorable performance as a world-dominating villain, Gustav Graves. In \\"Jane Eyre\\" he is marvelous as enigmatic, moody, and passionate Mr. Edward Rochester.<br /><br />4.5/5 or 9/10tephens, the nature did not take a break - he is a talented actor with great screen presence. I first saw Toby in the James Bond movie \\"Die Another Day\\" (2002) where his was the most memorable performance as a world-dominating villain, Gustav Graves. In \\"Jane Eyre\\" he is marvelous as enigmatic, moody, and passionate Mr. Edward Rochester.     4.5/5 or 9/10
B000MR9D5E|5.0|If you are any kind of nature buff, this is an all-inclusive set for you. The stunning photography & once-in-a-lifetime scenes depicted in these videos are without equal. Each DVD has three one-hour segments on it. At the end of each segment, the producer or director sums up how they were able to film one of the more difficult, laborious subjects. You are left without a doubt that these men & women combed the world & did not leave any stone unturned in order to produce the highest quality film journey about our planet & the creatures which inhabit it with us. There are five DVD's in the series...it is worth every penny you will spend on it.
0393324818|5.0|Moneyball changed the face of professional baseball and pro sports in general. It is a very compelling portrait of A's general manager Billy Beane and how he explits market inefficiencies to create a winning baseball team, despite having a small payroll. Highly recommended to all readers.
0316067598|5.0|Marcus, you are the Aurelius of SEALs.  But - your stupid book kept me up reading all night.  I was so physically and emotionally exhausted I couldn't even make to work the next day until the afternoon (I'll bet they never kept you guys up real late reading during SEALs training did they?  I didn't think so.  Wimps.)    Thanks for doing what you did, what you do, and what all our armed forces do.  May eternal light shine upon our fallen heroes, indeed.    Gig'em, and remember: Moderation in all things, including moderation.  Fort Worth
B000UR9TQE|5.0|I am just as excited about this dvd as I was the Led Zeppelin 2 dvd set in 2003. The fact that it will have songs not included in the original movie makes it even better. Of course I preordered the collector's edition for the cd soundtrack included, and it just looks better! I wish the Beatles' company Apple would offer more dvd releases like this...
B000RG1FMO|3.0|I gave it 3 stars since some of the song's have good musical arrangments that West should only stick to since his rap skills are somewhat... I dunno, not too good. This album and 50 Cent's are nothing spectacular, atleast this is somewhat creative compared to this whole \\"gangsta\\" \\"thug\\" image mainstream rap music pocesses. Brainwashing this generation into a bunch of materalistic, consuming drones, which is sad. Soulja boy? T-Pain? Lil Boosie? Mainstream rap/hip hop music is in a state of denial.
B00007K02F|3.0|Franco Zeffirelli's 1996 version of \\"Jane Eyre\\" had all the workings of becoming the best adaptation of the fabulous novel. Zeffirelli is known for gorgeously lavish films based of the celebrated classics such as \\"Falstaff\\" (1964), \\"La boh&egrave;me\\" (1965), \\"The Taming of the Shrew\\" (1967), \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" (1968), his most famous and beloved film, one of the best screen romances that made me feel incredibly close to its young doomed lovers, and many more.<br /><br />Zeffirelli's \\"Jane Eyre\\" is the most visually beautiful color adaptation of four I have seen. The color palette for the scenes outside Thornfield Hall is delicate and romantic and creates the right atmosphere for the blooming romance of Mr. Edward Rochester, the Master of the estate and his young employee, pale, thin, \\"almost un-earthy\\" but determined and strong-willed Jane Eyre. Charlotte Gainsbourg, a talented subtle and intelligent actress whom I like in every movie I've seen her made a great Jane. Gainsbourg was surrounded by great supporting cast - Anna Paquin (young Jane), Geraldine Chaplin, Fiona Shaw, and Joan Plowright. Plowright gave the best supporting performance in all \\"Jane Eyre\\" movies as Mrs. Fairfax, a housekeeper of Thornfield Hall and she is one of the reasons to see this movie. Plowright's Mrs. Fairfax is kind, warm woman with sense of humor, intelligence, and understanding of human's nature. She cares about Jane and wishes her happiness but she does not believe that \\"people like Mr. Rochester marry their governesses\\".<br /><br />Yes, Zeffirelli's film has a lot to admire but sadly there are some major flaws that spoil the film's charm and decreased it to the level of just an average period peace. One of them is miscast of William Hurt. His Rochester reminds more Richard Mason as Charlotte Bronte described him - passionless and blank-eyed. As good as Gainsbourg was, there was no chemistry between her and Hurt. Hurt neither looked nor played right for the part. He was a big disappointment. Another serious problem is the script. Too many important parts were cut out or strangely mixed together, and several scenes in the end of the movie simply did not make much sense. This is a shame - like I've mentioned, the movie had great potentials but did not realize them all.us problem is the script. Too many important parts were cut out or strangely mixed together, and several scenes in the end of the movie simply did not make much sense. This is a shame - like I've mentioned, the movie had great potentials but did not realize them all.
031236198X|5.0|Kotter & Rathgeber produced an amazing book in a very simple way to make people get deep into the story and to realize the things that happen in their lives, sometimes, without any attention. This book allows people to re-think about theirselves, where they are living and the most important, how to deal with changes. I'm pretty much sure, within all skills, the most important in the past, presently and forever will always be how to lead changes. And this is the right book for learning.
B0002CHIJW|3.0|First off, a lot of people are throwing this film in with the horror genre, but I can't say I entirely agree with that. Indeed, this film has horror elements, with graphic violence and a bit disturbing rape scene, but I can't say that is enough to classify this film as pure horror. Basically, this is thriller/revenge/horror movie. The plot is pretty simple. A girl is raped and left for dead by 4 guys, but she recovers and goes after them and kills them one by one. With that said, I just don't consider this horror. And I must warn those of you that haven't seen the movie and get upset with graphic rape/violence. This film may not be your cup of tea! Anyway, as far as the film itself, considering the budget and the date it was made, it isn't that bad of a film. The acting isn't that horrible, and the story, though flawed, isn't too bad either. And this edition is pretty good, with a long awaited director commentary as well as a commentary by horror guru Joe Bob Briggs. In closing, this film gets comparisons with the Wes Craven film \\"Last House on the Left\\", which I feel is not quite as good.
6305212112|5.0|We have seen this movie over and over. We love it. Great transaction also A+
B00005M91K|4.0|Originally having owned Baraka on VHS (which eventually got away from me) I was excited, indeed, to learn that I could obtain a copy of the work on DVD.  I placed my order without hesitation.  While doing so, I noticed another work -- also entitled Baraka -- and took a moment to read several of the reviews.  It was my thinking, based on certain of the reviews, that this had to be a different project just of the same name.  That being the case, I was prompted to do research on the title, \\"Baraka.\\"  (I learned much from that research.)  Prior to that, however, and with the cover of the DVD being somewhat different, colors and all, I ordered that work as well.  Upon receipt and in early viewing, I realized that it was the exact same as the first Baraka only, this was a \\"collector's edition\\" with certain photographying enhancements, I guess.  Long story short, I wound-up with two Baraka DVDs.  I realized, however, that this was a good thing for me as I always enjoyed sharing this great work (which is how my VHS tape got away from me).  But now, I can share the Baraka experience without taking the chance of my being left without this awesome work.  So, although I inadvertently duplicated purchase of the DVD, I have no regrets.
0743496728|5.0|Picoult's story of a high school shooting may seem a lot like the Columbine shootings, but are still very believable. Picoult has the ability to pull her reader in and make them experience the feelings of all the characters.
B000R4SMCW|5.0|only Anthony Hopkins can play this type of role and do it justice.  The book kept you tied to your chair until it was finished.  Spellbinding!
B000H0MKGK|5.0|John Mayer has certainly come a long way since his Room for Squares debut. His 3rd album sees him dabbling in soul, Claptonesque blues and fuse it with his sensitive and catchy pop hooks from his 2 works. Simply put, Continuum is as a gorgeous record for the 21st century as it probably is in the previous one.    What's most impressive about this growth is the ability to absorb his influences of Sting, Hendrix, Clapton and even Lennon into a fully realised set of material. While the 1st album showed his potential to write catchy pop singles of the 3 min variety, Heaver Things displayed his ability to grow, added soulful horns in songs like Come Back to Me.    Now, on Continuum, and after his diversion with a power trio (who also powers this CD), Mayer has now understood that pop is best when its integrated with roots influences. Hence,  ballads like Gravity and Slow Dancing in a Burning Room recalls the bluesy romanticsm of Clapton without seemingly look like a carbon copy.    In addition, his guitar playing, so much a feature in his live performances, has always been muted in his records. This time out, his Fender belts out lick after lick, solo after solo that recalls Clapton at his aching best. This is an album that may surprise his earlier fans, expecting more of the same folky numbers that permeate Squares, but this is ultimately more satisfying as this CD demands repeated listening.    On tracks like Dreaming with a Broken Heart, Mayer still manages to turn in a pop gem that sounds like a Lennon inspired tune, and on Belief, Sting's euro groove is abound and some of his lyrics does sound like Sting's gothic phrasing, especially on phrases like \\"Belief is a beautiful armor, but makes for a heavier sword\\".    Elswhere, Mayer's social conscious seems on overdrive, and the first single, Waiting on the World to Change could be this generation's What's goin on. So while this CD may not reach the lofty height of Marvin Gaye's immortal classic, the 11 tunes here do sound more timeless compared to his previous works, and again that is down to his recent influences and muse.    The only worry is Mayer may get too embedded in roots that he forgets the present and the future, and this is where artists like U2 have managed to stay fresh after so many years. And relevant to each new generation of audiences. Somehow, based on Continuum, there is genuine belief that he will continue to absorb and morph as an artist and Continuum looks to be the anchor of this musical development and journey of Mayer, of which we hope it will be an interesting adventure for years to come.
0743455967|5.0|Stephen King has the gift. The gift is a way with words that makes readers of his novels (and his non-fiction) FEEL what he is trying to convey.<br /><br />It's no different in this wonderful writing guide. One of the most important points he makes to aspiring writers is that \\"most writing books are full of bs.\\"<br />(Listen to that one, and learn, constant reader, especially if you want to be a writer!)<br /><br />Part autobiography, and part instruction manual, this oh-so-fine guide to the writing craft will give astute readers the confidence and tools they need to become the writer THEY were meant to be.<br /><br />Highly recommended!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I bought this as a surprise for my husband. The whole family loves it<br />the camera work is incredible.  You feel like you are there.
B000R7HY0K|4.0|According to VideoETA, \\"Grindhouse\\" has a projected release date of June 2008.  What exactly this will include isn't mentioned but it adds to the theory that another release isn't far behind.      [...]    I'm a bit peeved that the initial DVD release is two titles and will wait to see what next summer brings.  Overall I thought the films were good for their intent, and I even rented some Pam Grier films afterwards for a bit of nostalgia.
B000KRNCYY|5.0|I find this CD to be positively addictive!  I listen to it in my car on a daily basis.  I wish I had 2--one for the house, one for the car.  These women have the voices of angels--pure and sweet.  The music is enchanting, haunting, uplifting.      Maerid's fiddle playing is pure joy to listen too!
B000GH3CVQ|4.0|After seeing \\"Once\\", I immediately purchased the soundtrack.  Soon I discovered this cd - it has some of the same tracks with slightly different arrangements and I enjoyed the other tracks immensely. If you liked \\"Once\\", you'll like this cd - there's a couple of tracks that just rip your heart out.
0060512806|3.0|It took me three tries to read this book. I stopped the first time because I really don't like books written in the present tense; it seems artificial, and does not add a sense of immediacy as is probably intended. But the story stayed with me. The second time I quit because I was put off by the author's jokey, smart-alecky attitude; I thought if he isn't serious about his characters, why should I care about them? But the story stayed with me. So I gave it one more chance. Making allowances for the previous objections, I found myself zipping through CRYPTONOMICON. It is indeed a worthy successor to GRAVITY'S RAINBOW. The WWII chapters are more interesting and more fun than the present-day parts. Now, my only real complaint is that the one half-way prominent female character undergoes a radical personality transplant during the course of the book. THAT could have been handled better. It need not be thought of as sci-fi at all. Read it as a historical novel.
B000R4SMCW|5.0|There's a few things that make this film one of the best of 2007:  1. It is not predictable.  You believe the film will end one way and then the twist gets you.  2. Hopkins and Gosling do some great acting, especially together.  3.  The plot idea is fairly unique: A man kills his wife and is playing a chess game with the prosecuting attorney with confessions and evidence.     I also liked the director's previous film \\"Frequency\\" so if you liked that, you may well like this, it is similar in genre.    The only possible draw back is that it does seem to drag on a bit two-thirds the way into the movie.  They could have cut out a few scenes there.    All in all, great film.
B000R4SMCW|4.0|This is a really great movie - I could not figure it out for anything!  The ending was so great too it left you shaking your head saying \\"Nuh-Uh!\\". And wanting more!  You get tied up in the characters wanting to know them more and the story line is one that has been done before but not to this extent.  A super mind game!!  If you like Anthony Hopkins this is a must see!  If you don't like Antony Hopkins you may very well change your mind after this movie!
B0002F6AYS|3.0|I remember seeing this film oh so many moons ago. Then, when I heard Anchor Bay was coming out with a Divimax version of the film, I thought, \\"what the hey!\\"<br /><br />I gave this movie three stars because of originality and because the guy who played Issac looked really weird. Like androgynous weird. Turns out he has a lack of growth hormones. I say it worked out perfectly.<br /><br />The movie can be a sleeper during some parts but it does have its moments which I won't reveal here. The acting done by the kids was pretty decent and the area of Iowa they chose to film this horror movie in contributed to the overall mood of the piece.<br /><br />Video quality is top notch since Anchor Bay used their proprietary Divimax process which is their way of putting a fancy label to high definition. And it's a good thing they did. There was still some \\"subtle\\" grain in certain parts if you can believe that. Imagine buying the non-Divimax editions out there. Don't do it! Trust me.<br /><br />Audio was pretty clear as well. The extras were great, too.<br /><br />If you love horror, why don't you give this original work a chance. Forget about all the other incarnations which have come after this film. They are garbage and they have nothing to do with Stephen King's vision.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Every bit of hyperbole and praise that has been heaped upon this record is just.  It is an absolute treasure.
B000QCUB8I|5.0|Good, good, very good.  I'm glad I found this. Uberzone's new one had disappointed me so much, I was jonesing for a nice one like this.  What a fun disc of beeps, beats and blips, with a little bit of cutesy thrown in with \\"D.A.N.C.E.\\"  Perfect for blasting it in the car while screaming down the highway. You can go distance with this playing.       By the way, Amazon - the title of this CD is called \\"CROSS\\" and not \\"JUSTICE\\" as it is labeled in your list.
0790729369|5.0|The Bridges of Madison County is deeply moving considering this is a Clint Eastwood film. In my opinion, this movie is Meryl Streep's best and most engaging performance. The film does drag a bit but the love story behind these two soulmates who unfortantely cannot ever be together is just heartbreaking. Call me a sucker for romance but this film is so sexy, it will make you a believer in all things sappy. A must-have for all who are courageous and fearless in love.
0374530718|1.0|Unlike other reviewers who dislike this, I read this of my own accord. I thought a novel might explain to me how a non-believer views the world rather then simply reading a list of rules in a biased text book.     Unfortunatley I assumed the main chara would come to a conclusion of who created the universe. I suppose that would be too controversial. What a shame. I would rather people flame this book for simply disagreeing rather then boring them to death.     This book does make it's point though, philosophy is alot of talk with no conclusion. You spent a LONG time learning only to find out it was all for naught, just like this book.
0553804367|5.0|Quite accessible for a book on the beginning of the universe.  It doesn't explain how it got here, but begins at 1 second post big bang.  It has a good explanation of the work of Isaac Newton and why it was important and also the work of Einstein.  I understood the physics, at least I did when I was reading it.  The explanations were good enough to let me wrap my mind around them.  It is interesting that the idea of ether is coming back up for consideration again.   Not sure I believe in string theory though. Why not just say everything is made of energy?
B00005JMYI|3.0|I don't usually review or comment upon movies in Amazon or anywhere else, but I just thought I'd mention this:  I've read about 30 of the previous reviews, just to check, and the main thing I'd like to say is...Doesn't anybody else realize that Will Farrell is doing a bang-on imitation of Charlton Heston circa Planet Of The Apes/Soylent Green/The Omega Man/ Earthquake/etc.?  His 1970s Heston is accurate right down to the cheesy hairstyle/mustache, turtleneck sweater, polyester jacket, stage-emotive speech patterns, and agonized, toothy, jaw-stretching facial contortions to display intensity of emotion (the grieving bit in the phone booth after his pet mutt has been pitched off a bridge had me rolling off the couch...it was pure, scenery-chewing 70s heavy-heavy Heston).  Not a great flick, but if you like good impersonations (and old Charlton) by Will Ferrell, you should catch his work here.  Pretty talented comic.
B0007Y08QA|5.0|The Machinist starring Christian Bale is eerie, isolating, and brilliant. Bale's performance is bone-chilling and talking about bones he lost so much weight for this role. He plays Trent Reznick, a machinist who hasn't sleeped in over a year, I won't give away what is plauging his over-due exhaustion but I can tell you this is one film that you will watch over and over again. Defintely a standout from 2003, watch for the clues so with that advice in mind, The Machinist is a film I highly recommend!
B000026OHN|5.0|I love the way the Russian school plays Bach  (Richter, Gilels, Nikolayeva, Gavrilov, etc.), and particularly this Russian, and these performances. The opening Prelude and Fugue I of Book I is one of the most magical keyboard works I have ever heard, and Richter's playing of it is other worldly--it is incredible.  Too many notable Bach pianists--Edwin Fischer and Wilhelm Kempff among them--simply rush through this piece, destroying it's profound beauty.  I have never understood why they do this.  Perhaps they are trying to approach the music from the standpoint of a harpsichordist--in order to sound less romantic, but even on a harpsichord it works better at a slower tempo--at least, to my sensibility.  Just have a listen to Pierre Hantai's excellent recording on Mirare--where his choice of tempo is remarkably similar to Richters' and it works wonderfully well, at least to my ears.  Of course, I have also enjoyed hearing the opening Prelude played even more slowly--at a more spacious \\"organ-like\\" speed, if you will--much in the manner pianist Valery Afanassiev or harpsichordist Bob van Asperen play it on their superb recordings.  It sounds very beautiful this way--much more contemplative; although I must admit that Bach, who was known to favor faster speeds, probably played it at a tempo closer to Hantai and Richter.      As for the rest of the Well-Tempered Clavier--it is some of the most towering and influential keyboard music ever written, and absolutely essential in any collection.  Beethoven loved this music so much that he copied out fugues from it into his sketchbooks. (It is also the music that he played most in his youth.)  While the great cellist Pablo Casals called it the very \\"foundation of music.\\"    And now for the bad news, the recorded sound here--despite the high quality of Richter's playing--isn't all that great.  However, if you can find a 2002 Japanese/ RCA release, it sounds better than this. There is also a more recent 2007 Japanese release, but I have not heard this yet. (But be warned that a Japanese issue from approximately 8-10 years ago is terrible, with the piano sounding as if it was recorded in a tunnel--and no, it is not all due to Richter's use of the pedal).  If you can't locate the 2002 Japanese/ RCA release (try Cd Japan or Amazon.co.jp), I would alternately recommend trying to find a long out of print issue from the French \\"Le Chant de Monde\\" label. This is probably the best version of all sound-wise, and is superior to the RCA effort.     (EDIT: I recently saw a picture of the 2007 Japanese release mentioned above, and it had the same identical cover as the Japanese set that I bought some 8-10 years ago, and was disappointed with--in other words, it may be a re-release, and if so, I would stay away from it. However, I also noticed that there is a new Japanese release scheduled to come out in October, 2008, which will be a remastering of the original recordings using the new SHM technology. Thus far, the few CDs that I have bought which use this technology have been excellent, and hopefully, this 2008 release will be the new version of choice sound-wise.  Check out Amazon.co.jp or cdjapan in October, 2008, or pre-order now. EDIT 2: I have now purchased the new SHM set, released in October of 2008, and am disappointed with the piano sound, which is more reverberant than on the previous 2002 Japanese release.  Hence both the 2002 Japanese/ RCA set and the \\"Chant du Monde\\" discs remain the best versions that I have heard--as both sets minimize the effect of the piano sounding as if it were recorded at the other end of a tunnel.)    If I could give these performances more than five stars I would; certainly this level of pianism is so rare that it deserves many more. People who think that Richter is overrated should have a listen to these performances; I think they will see what all the fuss is about.
0517123207|5.0|I had read The Voyage of the Beagle first.  It is easy to see how Darwin's theory of evolution was growing as he traveled and saw how plants and animals adapted to different environments.  Then he invented a theory to explain what he had observed.      This book is a 300 page definition of the theory of natural selection. Darwin goes through a detailed explanation of how evolution must have occured.  He is very methodically, very detailed.  When he doesn't understand something, he says he doesn't.  He is humble in his presentation, giving credit to other scientists. I was amazed at how many experiments he performed himself, growing generations of plants and insects, watching how they developed and changed.         There is a quote in the book from Darwin's gardener who said, \\"He's really a sad little man. Sometimes he stands and stares at a flower for hours. I really think he'd be better off if he had something to do.\\"        We are so lucky that Darwin inherited money and could spend his early years traveling and his later years in contemplation and writing.
0375423877|4.0|Hats off to the author for attempting to deviate from the mainline sleuth stories (with protagonist being a gent that is tech savy or a martial art/sharp shooting expert chasing around in expensive cars in a story where atleast a dozen people end up dying).    This is quite very different, with a not so attractive single woman running a detective agency solving cases that are simple and almost realistic. The African setting without any of the typical 'gods have left Africa' theme makes it even more interesting. I will definitely be reading few more books in this series.    -Santhosh.
0618680004|4.0|Richard Dawkins is someone I admire, not least because he has the ability to elucidate the maelstom of thought that exists between the ears of most moderately educated free-thinking people. This, I felt, could be the magnum opus for the new atheist millennium. Unfortunately it reads, in the main, like the minutes from an atheists' conference. I had the overrriding impression that the author was bursting at the seams with indignation (and well he should) but the text need not convey this so overbearingly. Religion needs to be dismantled impassionately, rationally and systematically and with less reliance on a columnist's polemic.
B0009I7NNA|3.0|When a friend told me that I would like this CD I laughed in his face.  Then I listened to it.  I really, REALLY did not want to like this CD.  I like nothing about this band, their stupid image, their stupid names, but man oh man this CD is pretty flippin good.<br /><br />Many of their old fans claim they sold out because they are no longer hardcore (the singer no longer screams), but whatever.  I'll take Maiden style solos anyday.  Yes, this may sound like a blatant G N' R rip-off at times (\\"Sieze the Day\\") and \\"Bat Country\\" got played out like crazy, but this is still better than 95% of the garbage that comes out today.  It's refreshing to see a band that can put out something that thrashes than something that is just loud for the sake of being loud.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|Brad Bird's delightful \\"Ratatouille\\" has proven yet again what we already know. That is, you don't need a big name or catchy music to make a great animation. All you need is believable characters you can relate to and an interesting story driven by them even though one of the characters is actually a most incredible creation -- a French gourmet rat named Remy, who goes to Paris and establishes friendship with a shy boy working in the kitchen of a (formerly) five-star restaurant.    Brad Bird, who scored a one-two punch by giving us two fantastic animations, anmely \\"The Iron Giant\\" and \\"The Incredibles,\\" has created one of the most charming characters in the movie history in Remy, a rat who loves cooking more than anything. The lovable rat's colorful facial and bodily expressions of emotions are always amusing to see, with dynamic movements that only gifted animators can create. (Look close at the end of the film and its \\"No motion capture\\" credit.)    Not many words are necessary to describe the pure joy of watching this amazing animation. Enjoy the unpredictable story of Remy's adventures plus colorful world of his kitchen. And the film concludes with a strong statement about critic's role, which is quietly done but most biting.
B0002B15WE|4.0|1988's \\"Die Hard\\" established Bruce Willis as a bankable action star with a template that would spawn (so far) three sequels.  As sardonic, hard-hitting everyman New York City police detective John McClane, Willis had found his signature role.<br /><br />John McClane arrives in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve, planning to spend the Christmas Holidays with his estranged business executive wife (played by Bonnie Bedelia) and their two children.  While McClane waits in his wife's office for a holiday party to break up, terrorists break in and take control of the party-goers and the 40 story office building they work in.  McClane, barefoot and armed with his service pistol, escapes and fights back.<br /><br />The balance of the movie is an often vicious cat-and-mouse game within the highrise between the trigger-happy terrorists and a cunning McClane, who slowly figures out the terrorist game plan and improvises ways to interfere.  McClane is helped by an L.A. cop (Reginald ValJean) outside the building and nearly killed by an ham-handed FBI hostage rescue team.  As McClane eliminates the terrorists one by one, the terrorists in turn resort to increasingly savage methods to kill the one obstacle to their success. The stage is set for a final do-or-die confrontation with the leader of the terrorists, played with snarling charm by Alan Rickman.<br /><br />The nooks and crannies of the highrise turn out to be a surprisingly supportive set for a series of narrow ambushes and escapes.  Supporting actors like a smarmy news reporter (played by William Atherton) add color and sometimes humor to what is otherwise a tense movie that lurches from action sequence to action sequence.<br /><br />This movie is highly recommended as an entertaining and very effective action movie.
055358894X|4.0|It really is nice to read a fantasy book that is not the ultimate battle of good vs. evil, and also one that stands alone as a single novel and doesn't just function as the introduction to an epic series that may be completed sometime around the middle of the century.    The Lies of Locke Lamora is brisk and a lot of fun as most other reviewers here have said. I did not find the beginning to be slow as some reviewers have said because I thought the tales of young Locke the thief who joins the Gentleman Bastards was quite compelling. However, at a certain point perhaps 150 pages into the novel I did stop and scratch my head and wonder, where is this thing going? The setup of the Big Con of Don Salvara takes quite a lot of ink, and the stakes seemed to be pretty low for a con story or a fantasy story of any sort for quite a while there.     Things do pick up when the Gray King starts to really stick his fingers into things.    All in all I'd say that Lynch's inexperience shows in how the novel is plotted. The Gray King does not impact the plot until we are too far along. Certain characters are set up as if they will be highly consequential only to die \\"off stage\\" early on. The device of mixing the past with the present is interesting at first, but overstays its welcome to the point that even Lynch himself seemed to have have run out of ideas and only kept up the \\"Interlude\\" trope because he felt he had to.    **SPOILER BELOW**    One particular bit of plotting really bothered me a lot. We are introduced to Nazca, daughter of Capa Barsavi, in \\"the past\\" with much fanfare. Locke pledges himself to her. She is shown to be highly intelligent, selfish, and ruthless. In \\"the present\\" we see her again and Locke gets involved in a tricky situation with her. Then we hear that Nazca's been killed by the Gray King! And on the day of her funereal Locke must impersonate the Gray King because the King himself is \\"otherwise disposed\\"!! Well I knew where this was going and patted myself on the back. Nazca was clearly too important a character to just kill off like that, and she was on record as wanting to run her father's empire. So right up to the very end I was waiting for the King to unmask himself--Nazca in disguise. This never happened. Instead he was some guy disgruntled for reasons that were never clear to me.     You might say that Lynch did well by toying with my expectations in this way, but I disagree completely. Though unmasking Nazca as the Gray King would have been predictable and perhaps trite (though I'll wager a good 75% of readers would never have seen it coming) it would have been far more satisfying and would have made the story make a lot more sense--for example why Nazca was killed first, why Locke needed to pretend to be the Gray King, why the Gray King wanted to eliminate the Gentleman Bastards, etc.    I know it's bad to try to mindread, but I can't shake the feeling that Lynch originally wrote the novel with the ending I was expecting and either talked himself out of it or someone else talked him out of it.    *** END SPOILERS ***    However, the novel has much to recommend it. The world the characters inhabit is rich and detailed. The story, once it gets rolling, is entertaining.
B000OQF6N6|2.0|I used to call The Smashing Pumpkins my favorite band.  Siamese Dream is still one of my Top 5 albums ever. The key word here is USED to.  Ever since Billy Corgan declared that Alternative and Grunge were dead, and released the pathetic album Adore, the Pumpkins have fallen off my radar. Machina was a decently decent album at best. This does not mean I am not a die hard fan, because I will not love everything that Corgan puts out, and the same is true here.<br /><br />I was immediately hesitant to hear this album as soon as I heard the Pumpkins were \\"back\\", and for good reason.  Corgan has lost his touch and it shows.  The astoundingly anal-retentive Corgan from the past has laid a rotten egg here.  The production quality on this album is awful.  The vocals are too loud, the gutars muddy, and the brilliant drumming of Jimmy Chamberlain sounds tinny.  And this is not even mentioning the laughably bad lyrics (see: the chorus of \\"Starz\\").  Billy had never been political, and I don't know why he tries here.<br /><br />That being said, there is some decent material here...\\"Doomsday Clock\\" and \\"Tarantula\\" both have hints of the brilliance that made Siamese Dream and Mellon Collie masterpieces.  United States has a bit of a \\"Silverf**k\\" feel to it.  But the moments of inspiration are few and far between usually fading back into some pretentious nonsense about Billy's looming midlife crisis.<br /><br />Sorry Billy, but you should have stayed in retirement.  Being from Chicago you should have learned from Michael Jordan when he retired.  The second time.
B000GFLAI0|5.0|This exceptionally melodious album opens with the catchy up-tempo track Thunder On The Mountain with its lilting beat which is followed by Spirit On The Water, a tender love song, also tuneful and engaging with nice touches of harmonica. Rollin' And Tumblin' with its snatches of jangling guitar is a succulent slice of folk rock.<br /><br />One of the highlights on this impressive work with its outstanding songs is the melancholy When The Deal Goes Down, a philosophical musing on the journey of life, on mortality and loyalty, with a beautiful melody and moving poetic lyrics, like the track Where Teardrops Fall on [[ASIN:B00026WU3M Oh Mercy]].<br /><br />The tempo picks up again for Someday Baby, a rhythmic pop number, before the mood turns serious for Workingman's Blues, a flowing ballad, and then somber turns to sad on the poignant Beyond The Horizon with its redemptive imagery.<br /><br />There is another stirring love song in the form of Nettie Moore, a slow soulful number with clever lyrical twists and a spiritual undertone, whilst The Levee's Gonna Break is another rhythmic up-tempo track with a gripping melody, and the album concludes with the bluesy Aint' Talkin', a long atmospheric excursion.<br /><br />The powerful songs on Modern Times are delivered with guitars, bass, cello, piano, percussion, drums, violin, viola and mandolin for a rich, full sound and Dylan's voice sounds great. I highly recommend this brilliant album which is on a par with his best work of recent years such as [[ASIN:B000002C2E Time Out of Mind]].
B00004XQ83|4.0|Transports you to another time and place with voices that are human in the most positive sense.  Don't know why I waited so long!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Everyone should be given the chance to experience Joss Whedon's truly unique series `Firefly'. It isn't often in the entertainment industry that two very dissimilar genres can be melded together into one highly entertaining package. But where others may have failed Joss Whedon succeeds. Many have heard of his other works such as `Buffy the Vampire Slayer' and `Angel', and both of those shows stand on their own popularity, as evidenced by their huge fan base. But it seems only a select few have ever heard of `Firefly' and even fewer yet have ever actually experienced it. Unlike his other previously mentioned TV series, `Firefly' has no roots in magic or the supernatural. `Firefly' is a unique combination of science fiction and western. Two genres that are generally, for the most part, considered absolute opposites by many. Aside from being such a unique work, just by the combination of the two genres, it has many qualities that will entertain even those who generally avoid science fiction and westerns. And when the series ends Joss keeps it coming with the movie `Serenity'. `Serenity' answers many of the questions the TV series leaves unanswered, but it also, purposefully, leaves some of the biggest questions as mysteries.   `Firefly' takes place in a science fiction rich environment. And for the first few minutes of the pilot episode you almost accept that this is what `Firefly' will be. But then Joss brings you fully into their universe. A universe where science fiction is the driver and western is the strong shotgun sitting next to it on a dusty horse driven coach. A universe where vessels can easily travel through space, and yet many still ride horses. A universe where some marvel at the wonders of the technology of the inner planets and where yet others struggle just to find food on desert-like moons.   The `Firefly' universe exists in a post-Earth era. An era some time after man has left Earth's solar system, and found a new place to live. In this new solar system man has terra-formed many planets and moons. The inner planets and moons were the first and are the more civilized of the planets. The farther out from the core you go the more `wild' the planets are. The inner planets might be considered your `industrial' worlds and the outer planets might be considered your `western' worlds. When we first enter the `Firefly' universe we find war. That war, which is a strong part of the overall storyline, is between the inner and outer planets. The inner planets are fighting for `unification' of all the planets under one government. The outer planets are fighting to remain free. By the time we meet the crew of Firefly the war has long since ended, but the war still gives Joss a lot of material to turn into interesting storylines and plots which will keep you watching.   The story is centered around a group of individuals who are thrown together, by chance in some cases, by design in other cases, but learn to become almost family to one another. The series shows a sense of camaraderie that isn't forced, but grown. Joss gives you the sense of them growing together rather than just blindly accepting each other. Even those amongst them who dislike each other the most are often likely to make sacrifices for each other. And the interaction between them is always entertaining even when it's emotionally tense.    The character development for all of them is so well written and convincing that you can almost feel you know them. You know how they behave, you know generally what to expect of them. And yet Joss keeps them far enough from predictable that you never know just exactly what they are going to do. He keeps them interesting even after he teaches you everything there is to know about them.    And for those who are die hard effects people, Joss doesn't disappoint. He has given the whole thing a very science fiction feel as far as the effects go, but has kept it believable. Even the weapons used between ships are to some degree believable and yet fantastic. And the method with which he shot scenes where space vessels are in `atmosphere' makes the scenes truly unique. A lot of the effects seem based more about what environment the characters are in rather than what ship will blow up first, unlike most science fiction shows. You won't see a lot of `photons' or `phasers' but you will get your fill of good effects. And sometimes the most interesting effects are the ones he has completely excluded. Sound being the shining example of this. In Joss' `Firefly' universe the lack of atmosphere in space prevents any sounds. It makes the effect very realistic but after years of science fiction `space' being full of sounds it feels somehow other-worldly.  Not wanting to leave you stranded in this universe with no background and no idea how man came to this point, many episodes give you glimpses of the past. Sometimes these glimpses are literally `flashbacks' of the crew members. Sometimes the glimpses come in the dialog, people speaking of `Earth that was'. In other dialogs you sometimes catch just the briefest hints at underlying history. And sometimes the glimpse comes in the form of the characters telling a story. Joss uses many methods to paint the history of his `Firefly' universe. Every method is precise; every glimpse is colorful and alluring. Joss brilliantly fills the void of this universe so you aren't stuck within the confines of a single vessel.  Even those who generally do not like either of the genres covered in `Firefly' should have a chance to experience this unique series. Want strong storylines? Want characters you can believe in? Want visually pleasing effects? Want a series with enough content and background to fill a universe? Then you owe it to yourself to experience `Firefly'. It is one of the most unique TV series' of our time and Joss isn't in the habit of disappointing. So go rent or buy a copy today, go home, and allow Joss to fully submerse you in the universe that is... Firefly.
B000MG1YC0|5.0|Yet another hot frontwoman to a band that has backbone. Prior to this release had not heard any of their material. Gonna back track a little to see if the previous vocalist is as good as Monika. Power chords, melodic at times. I like the fact that the operaic vocals are not present like you hear in Nightwish material. This is a good buy. Check out their website and watch the videos.
B000NVIXFK|2.0|I've tried to like this much anticipated CD. I really have. I don't understand why the critics love this CD, and Rush is and has always been my favorite band.  Aside from Far Cry, the remaining songs are plodding and the lyrics are unusually self-indulgent.  The warbling vocals were grating to such a point that the three instrumentals couldn't save this one for me.  Sorry guys, but I just don't get this release.
B00067189O|1.0|This SACD will not play in any of my DVD or CD devices. Not the car, not the PC DVD Players. It will not play on the Sony CD & DVD players.
B000F3AAUW|5.0|I bought this CD as I love the song \\"Crazy\\"...but the entire CD is great. I am very satisfied with this purchase!
B000RG1FMO|5.0|I mean I loved it and even the two songs that I dislike are still meaningful. Of course I am some what bias because I love Kayne and were both from Chicago. But overall it is a great cd, my favorites being Everything I am, Flashing lights, and Homecomming. Definately got the support and it deserves.
B000ERU5EK|5.0|For those who enjoy a trance experience that actually moves you, than this is the cd for you. My favorite track? Hope....
B000F8O35U|5.0|I had it on vhs, so when it came out on DVD I had to have it. I can watch it again and again with my grandchildren.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|This was definately a great buy. I didn't see the series when it was on Showtime, but I loved Michael C Hall when he was on \\"Six Feet Under\\" so I thought for the price I'd purchase the 1st season of Dexter. This a bit quirky...but I really enjoyed it and now I am ready to watch the 2nd season. I'm hooked!!
B000MR9D5E|4.0|I bought the dvd set as a gift for my husband and he loved it. We enjoyed watching the series together on T.V. and now we can watch it whenever we want. Makes a great gift!
B00005JPVN|5.0|This was a beautifully shot committed action movie with a sense of humour and outrageous stunts. Clive Owen was perfectly cast as a hard bitten man with no name and Monica Belluci was a joy to watch. Giamatti was surprisingly effective as the bad guy. The film started off excellently and simply got better. I didn't want the film to end and I hope they make a sequel.  If I had to compare it with a recent action movie, I suppose that in places it had the look and feel of Kill Bill 1 but was more gripping and more fun. It also had the sort of over the top action that  you might have seen in Charlie's Angels I/II. The end credits were reminiscent of a Bond movie.......
B000HKYBXA|5.0|THE BEST HAMLET ON FILM TODAY. THERE WILL PROBABLY BE NONE THAT WILL TOP THIS ONE. THIS FILM IS A MOST SEE FOR STUDENTS. WISH THEY WOULD RE-RELEASE IT FOR THE MOVIE THEATER
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Kanye won hands down.  I heard 50's joint, two words \\"straight garbage\\"....Yeah, yeah, I know everybody's trying to say Kanye's not a good lyricist BUT I will say the skills have improved, not only that Kanye always uses the best word play and most creative beats.  3 solid albums from this man, Graduation is worth picking up.  All the tracks are good, but my favorites are BIg Brother (best one), Flashing Lights, Barry Bonds, and the Good Life.
B000RJO57I|4.0|great movie a little slow at first but a great ending. if you like english movies you will love this.
1416524800|3.0|This Dan Brown book was not very good. I just finished reading Angels and Demons (excellent) and was expecting another page-turner. This book was boring and I only finished it because I thought it would get better with the turn of a page. Alas, didn't happen!
B000H305U0|5.0|This is by far the most surprising cd ive purchased. I was mostly like everyone else thinking justins a pop boy who will never become more then NSYNC. But after teaming up with timbo damn it made a difference. Half this album is already on the radio and the other half should also be. Every song is a hit and the cd has a lil bit of everything. Whether its the club banger \\"sexy back\\", the southern hip hop \\"chop me up feat three 6 mafia\\", and even some slow jamz \\"Until The End Of Time\\". This cd was well worth the price and i think should be mentioned as a classic. I hope his next one is as good as this one.
B00004W3L3|5.0|Marillion would reach their commercial peak with this album.  It was a huge hit in Europe and was able to get pockets of airplay in various locations in the U.S.A.  \\"Childhood\\" is really a classic progressive rock album and still holds up well today.  Most consider it to be Marillion's best and I would have to concur with that assessment.  The album is a concept piece that basically revolves around Fish and his failed relationships, and growing up in general.  The album produced the band's biggest hit \\"Kayleigh\\" which was followed up by the almost as successful \\"Lavender\\".  The whole album flows like a smooth running stream from the opening strains of \\"Pseduo Silk Kimo\\" to the grand finale of \\"White Feather\\".  Steve Rothery produces some of his best guitar work here and Mark Kelly's keyboards continually shine throughout the disc.  The lyrics are all great and Fish is on top of his game in the vocal department.  If you are into Marillion or progressive rock in general, this one is a must own.
078322933X|1.0|Fear (James Foley, 1995)<br /><br />Fear is a fantastic example of how a movie can take a stable of fine actors, a solid, marketable idea, and some great incidentals (in this case, one of the best soundtracks of the nineties in American film) and still manage to come up with an end product that can best be described as \\"blisteringly bad\\". Fear managed to be the worst movie I saw this weekend, and that's saying something.<br /><br />The story: boy (Mark Wahlberg) meets girl (Reese Witherspoon). Boy loses girl. Boy goes into obsessive stalker rampage. Girl's father (William Petersen, now immortalized in CSI) gets suspicious. Things get ugly.<br /><br />That's all? You ask. Well, when it's done right, it's great stuff. The problem is, it's not done right here. Nothing about this movie, in fact, except the casting and the soundtrack, was done right. Wahlberg was still a few years away from growing into himself as an actor, and instead of coming across as creepy stalker boy, he comes across as an insecure kid trying to play creepy stalker boy. (If that was intentional, it goes entirely against the grain of the environment in which Wahlberg's character lives.) The family couldn't be less familial if they tried; there's no chemistry, either positive or negative, between these characters. Come to think of it, this is more of a problem with the Witherspoon/Wahlberg relationship, which never once plays as true. Alyssa Milano has a brief spark of light as Witherspoon's naïve best friend, but she doesn't get enough screen time to make anything of it.<br /><br />About the only two reasons to rent this movie are if the soundtrack is enough to make you sit through the rest of it, and to hear William Petersen curse. Otherwise, toss it. *
B000ROALE4|4.0|Slayer makes up for releasing two versions of the same album less than a year apart with some nice additions that will please the hardcore fan, this edition contains two additional tracks and a bonus DVD.<br />Pros:<br /><br />  * Cool artwork<br />  * \\"The Final Six\\" and the new version of \\"Black serenade\\" worth it.<br />  * \\"Eyes of the Insane\\" music video makes the bonus DVD worth the watch<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />  * Many fans will wonder why Slayer couldn't have released the two versions at the same time, and not enough reasons to buy this new edition.<br />  * Only small differences between the two versions of \\"Black Serenade\\"<br /><br />Overall, the special edition of Christ Illusion is worth the pickup if you're a hardcore fan or haven't yet bought the original.
068485743X|4.0|Noah Lukeman, The First Five Pages: A Writer's Guide to Staying Out of the Rejection Pile (Fireside, 2005)<br /><br />I've read a lot of writing books over the years; I think I read my first one almost thirty years ago now. (Fat lot of good it's done me. You see my name on the spine of a novel? Nope, Jack, not yours truly.) Some have been excellent, some have been crap, most have been mediocre, just like any genre. I wasn't expecting much different when I picked up The First Five Pages. But different is what I got; Lukeman's book will go on the short shelf of writing guides that really have something to say.<br /><br />The difference between this and the last ten writing books you read is that Lukeman's book isn't focused on teaching you how to write, it's focused on teaching you how to revise. That's the part where most writing guides stop; at most, they give you a quick overview chapter on the process. What good will that do you? None. Trust me. I know. Lukeman assumes you already have a finished manuscript, and you're trying to hook an agent into representing you. Every chapter in this book is devoted to fixing one of the big mistakes that will keep you and your manuscript out of the slush pile. And these chapters, rife with illustrations, are great, great stuff.<br /><br />My only problem with the book (and, I'll admit, it was enough of a problem that I docked him half a star) is that Lukeman uses some sleight-of-hand here. If you're the kind of person who reads one book at a time, you might not notice it, but I was concurrently reading William Diehl's potboiler Primal Fear at the same time. A lot of the stuff Lukeman tells you will get you automatically rejected (if not get your manuscript subjected to the loving attentions of a strike-anywhere match) get published. They get published a lot. Now, while I understand what Lukeman was trying to do, and I do believe tough love has its place, it's pretty easy to undermine a number of his assertions just by going out and picking up five random fiction books by midlist writers published by major houses. (Forget the minor presses. Unless you get the absolute cream of the crop, very little of what Lukeman says here will apply, and that is to the great detriment of those small presses.) Not adopting a more realistic approach leads to the possibility of someone who hasn't read as much, or isn't as in love with the language, saying \\"okay, this guy obviously doesn't know what he's talking about.\\" And that's a crime, because Noah Lukeman does, very much, know what he's talking about. This is not just a literary agent trying to keep you off the slush pile-- this is a guy who has a love affair with the English language, and who (I'm extrapolating here, but it seemed pretty obvious between the lines) gets positively offended when a manuscript comes in that chews up the English language and spits it out all over the floor in bloody, saliva-covered clumps. That's a good thing, both in a literary agent and a guy telling you how to write-- no, strike that, revise-- your work of genius. And I will personally guarantee you that everything else he says in this book is absolutely rock-solid, and will help you make your manuscript that best it can be. If you're a writer, you want to read this. *** ½dom fiction books by midlist writers published by major houses. (Forget the minor presses. Unless you get the absolute cream of the crop, very little of what Lukeman says here will apply, and that is to the great detriment of those small presses.) Not adopting a more realistic approach leads to the possibility of someone who hasn't read as much, or isn't as in love with the language, saying \\"okay, this guy obviously doesn't know what he's talking about.\\" And that's a crime, because Noah Lukeman does, very much, know what he's talking about. This is not just a literary agent trying to keep you off the slush pile-- this is a guy who has a love affair with the English language, and who (I'm extrapolating here, but it seemed pretty obvious between the lines) gets positively offended when a manuscript comes in that chews up the English language and spits it out all over the floor in bloody, saliva-covered clumps. That's a good thing, both in a literary agent and a guy telling you how to write-- no, strike that, revise-- your work of genius. And I will personally guarantee you that everything else he says in this book is absolutely rock-solid, and will help you make your manuscript that best it can be. If you're a writer, you want to read this. *** ½
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|This Show is Amazing, best new show of the year. Watch it and you'll be hooked, I cant wait until season 2 starts.
B00003CXB2|5.0|Lawrence of Arabia (David Lean, 1962)<br /><br />There has been a good deal of debate recently among bloggers and critics of my generation and that below me-- the new critics, as it were-- about the \\"old\\" critics' 100-best lists and the rather heavy concentration in them of \\"old\\" movies (for the purposes of this argument, we'll define \\"old\\" as \\"made before 1970\\"-- at least for the movies), and that when new movies do make the list, they are, by and large, foreign films. When you expand to critics' thousand-best lists, where one might think to find a good deal more new films, the trend actually gets more pronounced. The basis of the argument is that new movies deserve just as much respect as old ones. There's certainly some validity to this point; good movies are made every year. However, I don't think simple nostalgia is the sole basis for this seeming prejudice; let's face it, the film industry in the English-speaking world has changed dramatically in the past forty years. Case in point: try to imagine Columbia, or any other major Hollywood studio, releasing, or even greenlighting, David Lean's magnificent Lawrence of Arabia today-- a war film that comes in just shy of four hours, with as much (if not more) emphasis on the development of two of its main characters as there is actual action. I'm pretty sure any studio exec seeing this script on his desk today would have a cow, or at least a goat. I read an amusing article by Ken Russell today where he calls this mindset the butt factor-- how long a person's butt can stay in a cinema seat before it goes numb-- and he notes that where Hollywood is concerned, the butt factor is about two hours. He implies, by linking this to some of his older films (1969's Women in Love and 1971's The Devils-- both of which, it should be noted, are regular entrants on those thousand-best lists), that the butt factor had been two hours in Hollywood studios for quite some time now. Ah, but such was not the case, thank heaven, in 1962.<br /><br />To film his life of T. E. Lawrence, David Lean rounded up a stable of well-known, well-loved actors (including Alec Guinness, Anthony Quinn, Claude Rains, and Jose Ferrer, among many others), and then set atop them two relative unknowns: Peter O'Toole, in his first big-screen appearance, and Egyptian actor Omar Sharif, none of whose films had, at the time, been released in America or England. A surprising move, perhaps, and I have little doubt there was carping at the studio over using two unknowns in the top slots of what was to be a lavish, expensive effort. Lean knew what he was doing, though, as history has borne out; O'Toole, nominated for a Best Actor Oscar for this film, snagged his seventh Oscar nomination (all seven, interestingly, have been for Best Actor) in 2006, while Sharif, also Oscar-nominated for his role here, has become a legend both on the screen and at the card table. Between them, the movie's principal actors account for thirty-two Oscar nominations over the years, with four wins; not bad, not bad at all. The movie itself won only seven of the ten Oscars for which it was nominated, with both O'Toole and Sharif missing out (losing to Gregory Peck and Ed Begley, respectively). Still, Best Director, Best Cinematography, Best Picture, not a bad haul.<br /><br />Lawrence of Arabia is one of those movies where you don't have to get it to get it. You don't have to notice that almost all the action in the film goes from left to right for your subconscious to figure it out and attach meaning to it. You don't have to notice the incredible cinematography, for which at least one custom lens was developed. All you have to do is sit back and watch two great actors at work. O'Toole's Lawrence may not have won the Oscar, but AFI called his Lawrence the finest screen performance of all time; I'm not sure I'd go quite that far, but to say it's impressive would be greatly understating the case. Equally impressive is Sharif's Ali, but the interplay between them is more than the sum of its parts. Lean and screenwriters Robert Bolt and Michael Wilson never let the viewer assume that the friendship between Lawrence and Ali is on firm ground, even when one is risking his life for the other; both are complex characters, and their relationship reflects all the pressures, both internal and external, on each of them.<br /><br />That's not the only reason to watch this movie, of course. It is expertly paced; the crossing of the Nefud, which takes up the bulk of the second quarter of the film, flies by. Who knew that a bunch of guys on camels picking their way over rocks could be compelling? David Lean did, I guess, and we should thank him for giving us as much of it as he did.<br /><br />An amazing, beautiful piece of work that must be seen to be believed. **** ½sum of its parts. Lean and screenwriters Robert Bolt and Michael Wilson never let the viewer assume that the friendship between Lawrence and Ali is on firm ground, even when one is risking his life for the other; both are complex characters, and their relationship reflects all the pressures, both internal and external, on each of them.     That's not the only reason to watch this movie, of course. It is expertly paced; the crossing of the Nefud, which takes up the bulk of the second quarter of the film, flies by. Who knew that a bunch of guys on camels picking their way over rocks could be compelling? David Lean did, I guess, and we should thank him for giving us as much of it as he did.    An amazing, beautiful piece of work that must be seen to be believed. **** ½
B000NA28I4|5.0|I watched this movie prior to reading all of the reviews, and I have to say I'm glad I waited to form my own opinion.  This movie was a great escape from the every day.  The scenery was breathtaking, and I loved the way they handled the dragon.  I was also pleased with how \\"clean\\" the movie was - a few scary parts, but nothing offensive.  I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone looking for a 1.5 hour vacation from the everyday.
B000IMUYJM|4.0|Black Christmas (Bob Clark, 1974)<br /><br />\\"[censored] 5-4429.\\" Margot Kidder's deadpan recital of a fake phone number to a numbskull cop has stuck with me as one of the best setups in movie history for the past twenty-five years. It's more impressive because, at the time, I had about as much knowledge of what she was on about as the cop (who ends up with an \\"aw, it's somethin' dirty, innit?\\" when the rest of the boys in the squad room break down in hysterics at his confused expression). For that matter, I was born at that odd time between the death of actual two-letter exchanges and their fading out in the movies, so when I saw Black Christmas, I didn't even know what a two-letter exchange was. And it was still awesome. I remembered nothing else about the movie, though, until I sat down to watch it again last weekend.<br /><br />While the late Bob Clark is probably more remembered for his stupid teen sex comedies these days (Clark was the man behind Porky's), he started out his career with a trio of grimly humorous horror/suspense films that have, for better or worse, etched themselves deep into the public consciousness. Pieces of dialogue from them have become cliches, while scenes have been imitated endlessly in other, lesser horror films (Black Christmas even earned itself a bland remake in 2006). Black Christmas is the best of the lot, and stands as the first true North American slasher film (America would follow along a couple of years later with Alice, Sweet Alice).<br /><br />The plot: at the start of the Christmas holidays, the members of a sorority house are stalked by a deranged killer who identifies himself as Billy. When house residents start disappearing, a loose alliance forms between the local lieutenant (John Saxon), a young activist musician (Keir Dullea), his girlfriend (Olivia Hussey), and an abrasive, drunk sorority sister (Margot Kidder) to try and figure out what's going on. As is to be expected with such an investigative team, if they're going to catch the guy, they're going to do it by accident. Things get worse when the lieutenant starts suspecting the musician.<br /><br />[NOTE: the next paragraph contains what could be construed as spoilers. If you're planning on seeing the movie, do not read anything from here until the final paragraph.]<br /><br />The genius of this movie (something Clark recognized enough to steadfastly refuse where the distribution company ordered him to reshoot the ending and make it less ambiguous) is that the incompetent nature of the onscreen detectives allows Clark to follow their lead even when the camera is set for an omniscient point of view; we never learn anything more than the characters do. It's simple, and it's brilliant, and the big twist at the end of Halloween looks cheap and tawdry in comparison. (In fact, the ending that it most resembles, to me, is that of Session 9.)<br /><br />If you're a fan of the slasher film, this is a definite must, as much as any of the foreign slasher films that preceded it. It is from here that the North American movie machine took its twist on the slasher film, and anyone who's seen any of the good ones (or most of the bad ones) will recognize a great deal of this. However, more importantly, it has a number of things that a lot of slasher films were missing during the golden years (and almost all of the new breed lack): subtlety, characterization, subplots, humor that's actually funny, etc. Holds up exceptionally well after more than thirty years. ****hey're going to do it by accident. Things get worse when the lieutenant starts suspecting the musician.    [NOTE: the next paragraph contains what could be construed as spoilers. If you're planning on seeing the movie, do not read anything from here until the final paragraph.]    The genius of this movie (something Clark recognized enough to steadfastly refuse where the distribution company ordered him to reshoot the ending and make it less ambiguous) is that the incompetent nature of the onscreen detectives allows Clark to follow their lead even when the camera is set for an omniscient point of view; we never learn anything more than the characters do. It's simple, and it's brilliant, and the big twist at the end of Halloween looks cheap and tawdry in comparison. (In fact, the ending that it most resembles, to me, is that of Session 9.)    If you're a fan of the slasher film, this is a definite must, as much as any of the foreign slasher films that preceded it. It is from here that the North American movie machine took its twist on the slasher film, and anyone who's seen any of the good ones (or most of the bad ones) will recognize a great deal of this. However, more importantly, it has a number of things that a lot of slasher films were missing during the golden years (and almost all of the new breed lack): subtlety, characterization, subplots, humor that's actually funny, etc. Holds up exceptionally well after more than thirty years. ****
0792165020|5.0|From the gorgeous Italian scenery, the fantastic score by Yared, the subtle direction from Minghella, the amazing wardrobes, and stellar acting of all involved, this film easily ranks in the top 10 films of the 1990s.  Matt Damon, Jude Law, and Philip Seymour Hoffman have never been better since, and this movie really examines the strong desire of the lower class to fit in with the upper class.<br /><br />I'm pretty shocked to see that this movie only has a three and a half star average rating on Amazon.  With a cast like this, it's pretty obvious that this movie was a labor of love for many of the biggest names in Hollywood.
B000QQFKYE|2.0|Somehow I made it through the 3hr marathon called Inland Empire. As confusing and bizarre as Lost Highway and Mulholland Drive were, at least those films were interesting, in a bizarre and creepy way. This film, Inland Empire, was creepy, but not all that interesting. Can something be creepy and boring at the same time? Mr. Lynch has done it. (and Blue Velvet is one of my all-time favorite films).  Maybe I'll need to see it again, maybe in a year, but I can see why no theater screened this one (not even the so-called art cinemas). 2 stars because I still respect David Lynch as an artist. Speaking of \\"straight \\" films, anybody remember the \\"Straight Story\\", directed by Lynch?
B000E5KJD4|1.0|Disappointing.  This was our first purchase through amazon and unfortunately we are unable to view the movie; it comes up \\"bad disc\\" on all comp and players.  We had thrown out the return slip for shipping and had not yet contacted amazon about an exchange.  So any assistance would be appreciated to rectify this situation.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|North & South is a remarkable social commentary on the lives of people in a dark period of England's history.  What makes the series even more intense is the sexual tension between the two leading characters.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|I really liked this album...its  my favorite Kanye album....I definalty think its better than 50's new album
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Some people have written reviews saying that the whole album sounds the same!  I wonder if they even listened to the album in the first place! The is one of the most musically diverse albums I've ever heard, and the production values are through the roof on all of them.  Kanye comes back with another solid offering in his school series of albums.  It's debateable if this is better than CD or LR but I must say the different music styles make it difficult to compare.  I think that anyone who is into rap music, hip-hop, or good beats should at least give Graduation a chance.  You may be surprised at the creative direction he's taken with this album.  Highly recommended!
B000QUCNOK|5.0|I have to confess, I was hesitant to watch this movie. I read the novel, which is magnificent, and I had a tough time imagining how somebody could reflect Suskind's masterpiece on the screen, and make it justice. I am really glad I decided to go ahead and give it a try, since this is one of the best adaptations I have seen in my life, up to par with [[ASIN:B00005ATQJ The Shining]] and [[ASIN:0783225857 To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)]]. The way in which the director, Tom Tykwer, used the camera to convey a world of olfactory sensations was simply brilliant.<br /><br />This is the story of the abominable Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, who was born in 1738 in a putrid fish market and who had to fight for his survival right from the start. Rejected by his mother, who left him to die, he ends up in an orphanage where he has to endure abuse from his peers. When he is old enough he is sold as a slave to a tannery, but his willpower kept him afloat. That was not his only strength though, since Grenouille had a marvelous gift: his supernatural sense of smell.<br /><br />While working at the tannery he discovers a couple of things that will change his life: a perfume shop, and even more relevant, a woman with a magnificent scent. The latter generates an urge that has to be satisfied, so Jean-Baptiste follows the girl and ends up smothering and killing her. The problem is that after death the scent disappears. So now he has to find a way to preserve the object of his obsession, and his journey begins with the perfumer Baldini (Dustin Hoffman). Baldini has had his era of glory but he has been eclipsed by the brilliance of his competitor Pelissier. Grenouille and his unnatural ability seem to be the answer to all his prayers, or maybe not.<br /><br />Part of the reason why the adaptation of this novel works so well is the amazing performance of Ben Whishaw, who convincingly portrays the perturbed and immoral Grenouille. Whishaw is able to give this character a combination of obsession with his quest and nonchalance regarding the actions needed to achieve his goals. These are the things that make the main character of this story so complex and mesmerizing in the book. The supporting cast does not lag far behind, with a Dustin Hoffman that plays his role accurately and efficiently, and a Alan Rickman that infuses his character with the necessary emotion and desperation to make it believable. I recommend this movie without reservations, and if you have not read the book I urge you to do that too, since both experiences are highly enjoyable.quest and nonchalance regarding the actions needed to achieve his goals. These are the things that make the main character of this story so complex and mesmerizing in the book. The supporting cast does not lag far behind, with a Dustin Hoffman that plays his role accurately and efficiently, and a Alan Rickman that infuses his character with the necessary emotion and desperation to make it believable. I recommend this movie without reservations, and if you have not read the book I urge you to do that too, since both experiences are highly enjoyable.
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|I've ordered this and I\\"ve already got the past three seasons on DVD. It's the best show, the indepth detail work in alkl departments and the behind the crime look at the different characters personal conflicts. And I must say, Michael Weatherly, Mark Harmon,  Pauley Perrette and all the rest work ever well together. ^_^
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I watched this show as at aired on Showtime.  I watched the DVDs in preparation for the new season, and to familiarize a loved one with the show.  We were both completely blown away.  I cannot imagine how Season Two will possibly live up to Season One, but I look forward to finding out.  Highly recommend the show / DVD collection.
1400079179|3.0|I think this book had two strikes against it to start with.  #1, Its not really my kind of book, but after all the hype, I figured I should read it.  #2, All the hype, It was built up way too big and ended up disapointing me.  I think if I had read it having not heard anything about it, I may have liked it more.
0765348780|5.0|I just finished up \\"Gardens of the Moon\\" last night around 2:00am.  I couldn't put the book down for about 4 hours, as anyone who has read this knows that the last 1/4 of the book grabs you, holds you, and doesn't let go. ;)    I've read many thousands of books in the scifi/fantasy genre over the last 30~ years and lately I've been stuck at trying to find a book that was a bit more \\"mature\\" than Eddings, Anthony, Jordan, etc.. and somehow, I ended up buying \\"Gardens of the Moon\\".  I think that Stephen R. Donaldson wrote up a good review on the book/author and loving Donaldson as much as I do, I picked up this book.    I'm glad that I listened to my instincts (and that Donaldson wrote that review), because I got lucky enough to be pulled into Erikson's world.  I am totally in love with his world, his characters, and the way that he writes.  This is a very complex story and it's quite unlike most every other novel that I've read previous.  As other people have noted, he doesn't hold your hand and he relies on your own intelligence to keep up with the fast pace of things in this world.    The way I see it, if you're pretty bright, you're going to catch onto the story, the characters, and the dense history of the world that is described to you in lush detail.  I've been hoping to find a book that doesn't have to carry me through it as if I were an infant, but rather runs ahead of me so that I have to try and catch up, using my own faculties to learn and understand.  I'm not much for the hand-holding philosophy; I've moved on and can figure things out on my own.    This book has everything that I've been looking for, so I am quite smitten with it.  I guess that's why I picked up the rest of the books in this series today at lunch.  I actually think the newest book comes out tomorrow, so I'd better get a move on and get to some hardcore reading. :)    I absolutely recommend this book without any reservation at all.  From what I've read, the rest of the books are even better.  I can't wait for work to be done so that I can go home and start on book #2.. ;)
B000N6TX1I|4.0|Like V for Vendetta, Children of Men takes the path we're headed on and says what if we continue down this road. The current political climate of war, hatred of immigrants, fear, and violence are played out in a future where infertility is universal.    The directing is pretty cool because there are a lot of non-stop action scenes. All of the camera angels are from the point of view of someone near the person being filmed. There aren't any spiraling, omnipotent camera angles. The music in the film is minimal during action sequences, which made it more realistic, rather than music-video like.    My only problem with the film is that it didn't come to much of a resolution at the end. I was left thinking \\"OK, now what?\\"
B000TM1CL0|4.0|James Woods is perfect for this role as a rich not-too-scrupulous lawyer who gets an O.J. type guy off only to find the guy DID IT and he feels responsible and in a \\"worm turns\\" twist ends up at the other table in the courtroom...prosecutor (at a reduced salary) instead of defense attorney.     I think the first shows were so fresh and the ensemble quirky enough to be interesting...then I am guessing that the original writer/writers were dropped or pressured to change and the show changed to a more typical and predictable series. DISAPPOINTING...watch the series and see if you don't agree. The first half of the season was worth the price of a ticket.       Another thing ... the BRAINS at CBS started bouncing it around and now it is on Sun night...it was in a good slot after CSI. Check it out...
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Folks will call a bragger, whiner, complainer or whatever.  That's fine because Kanye still delivers on Graduation and he doesn't need to go the route of another famed MC out there.  He just brings his style and diversity to the cd by working with everyone from Lil Wayne, T-Pain to Chris Martin fm Coldplay, Dwele and Mos Def on this one.  Along with a sample or two from Daft Punk's (Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger) and it works with great appeal only my first listen to that song and it was over with it.  I love it.  One of the more interesting songs on here is aptly titled \\"Barry Bonds\\" he does this one with another point rapper Lil' Wayne and they both bring their own styles to this song with great outcome.<br /><br />Another track i really find interesting is the last one \\"Big Brother\\" yeah its about Jay-Z and Kanye's just talking about all the stuff that has happened between them in their history.  But i dont really see it as a dis just more of him getting things of his chest and out into the open.  Love it personally along \\"Homecoming\\" vocals by Coldplay's Chris Martin its done right and he brings a little something extra with it to the song.  I don't know what it would've been like with it but glad he's on it.  Of course it would be Kanye if he wasn't bragging a bit but when you bring it like he does on Graduation it doesn't even matter.  Because he more than backs that up in all aspects.  He's many things and not all good to some people.  But first and foremost he's an MC and he knows how to entertain without a doubt.<br /><br />The cd is a lock and should be purchased without a doubt.  Both of the songs out right now Stronger and Good Life are hot without question.  But also check out Barry Bonds, Flashing Lights and The Glory even a slight misstep on Drunk & Hot Girls is still enjoyable and fun to listen to..<br />5 stars is what this one gets from me.<br /><br />Way better than a good deal of what's been released this year...bar none.
B00005JPQL|4.0|Having met and spoken to Mr. Gaiman about his writings and, specifically, about this film, I had extremely high hopes for it. For those not \\"in-the-know,\\" Neil Gaiman is the author of the novel [[ASIN:0061142026 Stardust]], as well as many other award-winning stories.<br /><br />There's been a bit of buzz about comparisons between Stardust and [[ASIN:B00003CXC3 The Princess Bride]]. And although I can see a few points, Stardust is really its own animal. This is both good and bad. The good comes from the fact that it's original and almost epic in scale. The bad is that it strikes a few funny chords only to reign itself back into serious territory where much of its umpf! is lost. The Princess Bride played off its ridiculous nature so well that you knew nothing was to be taken too seriously. It never went for the serious angle (much to watchers' delight). But Stardust loses quite a bit of its power by jumping back and forth, as well as having a beginning that lagged.<br /><br />If you're looking for an honest retelling of Gaiman's Stardust novel, please don't go and see this. Just as if you enjoyed [[ASIN:0345404475 Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?]] by Philip K. Dick, I wouldn't expect that you'd go see [[ASIN:0790729628 Blade Runner]] and applaud its accuracy to the novel. That is to say that both mediums have their good points, just try not to compare them too closely.<br /><br />What we have here is a smidgin of Neil Gaiman's story taken out and revamped for movie audiences. And this is a good thing. Trying to be too strict to a novel's plot can stymie creativity when it comes to film time. Thankfully writer/director Matthew Vaughn realized this.<br /><br />Although there are peeks into Gaiman's story, most of it is Hollywoodized to appeal to a larger audience. The mysterious town of Wall, the beauty of Star/Yvaine, the evilness that appears when sudden beauty arrives, etc. These are nice incorporations. Where it fell down a bit is the overly long opening which was used to describe the goings-on around Wall, the addition of certain characters/parts in order to add the \\"blockbuster\\" talent (which wasn't all bad), and the on-again off-again seriousness that went a bit too far.<br /><br />The biggest letdown for me was the main protagonist Tristan (Charlie Cox, [[ASIN:B000EDWKXI Casanova]]). His role wasn't the most inspiring. Unfortunately neither was the beautiful Star/Yvaine (Claire Danes, [[ASIN:B000EMGJ7C The Family Stone]]). She played just well enough to keep me watching her, but that was about it. The supporting cast held my attention MUCH better. The wily old man who guards the entrance/exit to Wall (David Kelly, [[ASIN:B000E5KJHA Charlie & the Chocolate Factory]]), the wickedly wicked witches -- especially Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer) who plays the part so over-the-top as to be delicious -- and how could we forget Captain Shakespeare (Robert DeNiro, [[ASIN:B000MXPE7O The Good Shepherd]]), the flamboyant captain of a sky-ship who captures lightning like fish and keeps his cross-dressing secrets securely hidden in his closet. These supporting characters are what kept me engaged and they weren't what the story was about.<br /><br />Comparisons aside, this is an okay film to check out, but don't let anyone fool you. This isn't The Princess Bride II.<br /><br />For a better Gaiman adaption, try checking out [[ASIN:B000BT97AO Mirrormask]].s-on around Wall, the addition of certain characters/parts in order to add the \\"blockbuster\\" talent (which wasn't all bad), and the on-again off-again seriousness that went a bit too far.     The biggest letdown for me was the main protagonist Tristan (Charlie Cox, [[ASIN:B000EDWKXI Casanova]]). His role wasn't the most inspiring. Unfortunately neither was the beautiful Star/Yvaine (Claire Danes, [[ASIN:B000EMGJ7C The Family Stone]]). She played just well enough to keep me watching her, but that was about it. The supporting cast held my attention MUCH better. The wily old man who guards the entrance/exit to Wall (David Kelly, [[ASIN:B000E5KJHA Charlie & the Chocolate Factory]]), the wickedly wicked witches -- especially Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer) who plays the part so over-the-top as to be delicious -- and how could we forget Captain Shakespeare (Robert DeNiro, [[ASIN:B000MXPE7O The Good Shepherd]]), the flamboyant captain of a sky-ship who captures lightning like fish and keeps his cross-dressing secrets securely hidden in his closet. These supporting characters are what kept me engaged and they weren't what the story was about.     Comparisons aside, this is an okay film to check out, but don't let anyone fool you. This isn't The Princess Bride II.     For a better Gaiman adaption, try checking out [[ASIN:B000BT97AO Mirrormask]].
B000P2A256|4.0|Songs About Jane is probaly one the best albums i ever heard, Maroon 5 brought something new to music and all their fans were dying to hear the new album and we all had high hopes and i think Maroon 5 did not  disappointed.<br />i'm not going to lie, i like the first album more than the new one, i miss the emotion i felt hearing songs like \\"Sweetest Goodbye\\",\\"Sunday Morning\\" and \\"Must Get Out\\" and some others so when i first heard the album i was highly disappointed but in a few time i get use to the new album and now i really like it, i give props to them trying something new and bringing back many kinds of style. If you liked Songs About Jane you will fell a huge difference but the ballads are still present like \\"Back At Your Door\\" that is imo the standout track in the album and \\"Won't Go Home Without You\\" is good too!<br />The album is full of potential hits so i think they will do well just like they did with the first one.<br /><br />Top 3<br /><br />1 - Back At Your Door<br />2 - Makes Me Wonder<br />3 - Nothing Lasts Forever
B00000DGUY|5.0|This CD has all my favorite classic songs by Dire Straits on it. It's my number one CD to listen to during my one hour commute to work in my Nissan Maxima, which by the way only has a factory CD/Radio in it; however this CD makes it sound like a McIntosh. Some of the songs are recorded in the studio and some recorded live in concert. The sound on the live recordings immerses me into the moment, as if I were sitting in the stadium during the concert. The lead guitarist is simply one of the best. Stereo imaging is the best I've ever heard in my car. The CD's output is quite high, so I have to turn the volume down a bit before I play the CD or it will wake up the neighborhood. I highly recommend this CD and it merits being a \\"must have\\" for the Classic Rock fans like myself.
1932100660|5.0|If we had not already adopted a vegan lifestyle for better health six months ago, I am certain this book would have convinced us to do so.  I am the only member of a family of four who has not had cancer.  My father died of colon cancer.  My mother has lymphoma that is under control, but it has caused numerous other health problems.  My sister was diagnosed with breast cancer in the last year.  It became obvious to me that my husband and I needed to find a healthier lifestyle, or I would be next.  After doing some researching, we decided to become vegans.  After reading Dr. Campbell's book, we are even more sure that we have done the right thing to improve our chances of living a long, healthy life.      Since we were so impressed with the book and its compelling information, we decided to share it with friends and family.  We bought several copies and gave them away.  Two of them have already been swayed by the implications of Dr. Campbell's findings, and they are buying books for their friends and families.      Even if you read no other books regarding diet and health, please be sure to read this one.  It will make a believer out of you.      Thank you Dr. Campbell.  I love this book!
0783114893|5.0|One dark rainy night, a Driver named Jim (C. Thomas Howell) is on his way to San Diego  until he picks up a very mysterious stranger (Rutger Hauer). It turns out that the hitcher is nothing more than a cold blooded maniac that killed a few people earlier and threatens Jim, however he throws the stranger out of his car and now the hitcher goes after him even if he has to kill whoever gets in his way.<br /><br />A phenomenal and exceptional horror thriller in the tradition of alfred Hithcock and \\"Duel\\" that entertains and thrills the audience, the film co-stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Billy Green Bush (from \\"Critters\\"). Ruter Hauer is perfect playing the title bad guy, the film is quite violent and has great tension all wrapped in one excellent horror thriller that will knock your socks off.<br /><br />The DVD has good picture and sound with only 2 extras like cast and crew bios and Theatrical Trailer, it's worth the purchase for fans of thrillers and horror.<br /><br />Also recommended: \\"The Devil's Rejects\\", \\"Grindhouse: Death Proof\\", \\"Duel\\", \\"Psycho (1960)\\", \\"Psycho II\\", \\"Thelma and Louise\\", \\"From Dusk Till Dawn\\", \\"High Tension\\", \\"North By Northwest\\", \\"The Hills Have Eyes (1977 and 2006)\\", \\"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Series & 2003 remake with The Beginning\\", \\"Wolf Creek\\", \\"House of 1000 Corpses\\", \\"Vertigo\\", \\"Rear Window\\", \\"Perfect Blue\\", \\"Saw Series\\", \\"Near Dark\\", \\"Hostel 1 & 2\\", \\"Joy Ride\\", \\"Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer\\" and \\"Wrong Turn\\".
B000M341QE|4.0|I decided to see what made \\"The Departed\\" such a big hit at the last Oscars and I must admit that it is an impressive movie.  I was engrossed in it right from the start.  It is suspenseful, violent, and left me with an emptiness that really disappointed me.    When I was a teenager we had \\"biker\\" movies that showed an outlaw society of young losers whose aimless and pointless life somehow invigorated audiences.  That same rebellious, \\"nobody tells me what to do\\" type has invaded Westerns, Science Fiction, War movies, and, throughout a number of generations, Gangster movies.  There are some classics out there; \\"The Wild Ones\\", \\"White Heat\\", \\"Once Upon a Time in the West\\", etc.  I generally watched them with the idea that there would be some sort of meaningfull statement about individualism, society, right vs. wrong, or something along that line.  Sometimes there was a message and sometimes there wasn't.  I'm still waiting to figure out some redeeming message from \\"The Departed\\" but I'm not coming up with anything in the 24 hours after I saw it.    Like \\"Goodfellas\\", \\"The Departed\\" is a brilliantly filmed glimpse of the seediest side of life in America.  There may be some semblance of a code of honor but the overwelming brutality that is shown wore me down in each film.  This is typical of Martin Scorsese's movies and I wish he would seek a higher calling that to just shock us with the brutality of organized crime.  It is clear and always has been that he is a talented director.  The scenes in this movie are strong and memorable; too memorable.  After seeing \\"Goodfellas\\" once, I have never watched it again because the scenes haunt me too much to revisit them voluntarily.  At first, I sensed a direction in \\"The Departed\\" but, for my two cents worth, the greatest disappointment in this movie is the absence of any message whatsoever.  There were so many possible endings to the movie that would have worked so much better and, yes, a lot of them would have been predictablebecause they've been done so many times before.  However, they get done a lot because those kind of endings leave an audience with a sense of purpose, or cloture, or morality, or meaning.  Anything but a sense of nothing.      The acting in \\"The Departed\\" is very good to terrific.  For my money, Leonardo DiCaprio gets the nod for best leading preformance but the strength of the movie is in the supporting cast.  I acknowledge Scorsese's belated Oscar for Best Director because, as I mentioned, his scenes are so strong and compelling.  I guess I'm just part of the crowd that doesn't cheer for the bully.
006112429X|5.0|Although I found this book to be written about very disturbing subject matter, I also found it to be very well written and compellingly readable.  The mother of Kevin chronicles the ongoing crisis situation of an upwardly mobile New York couple and their decision to start a family. Dire consequences follow when their first child is nearly 16.  The \\"narrator,\\" in a series of letters to her huband reveals what happened with tantalizing glimpses of her life at present and the life of her family in the past.<br /><br />Shriver also makes sly yet poignant commentary on American culture throughout the book, and it really works in this context, not ever coming across as condemning or preachy.  She writes what is real, and gives life to her characters in the suburban, upper-class environment they live in.<br /><br />I don't want to give too much of this book away, but Shriver does an excellent job with this storyline.  This is sophisticated writing with incredible character development and a great story that actually has meaning, something that seems to be lacking in so much popular literature of the day.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|A first class film destined to be come a classic.  The character protrayal is very true to life and the controlled and creative use of animation is supurb.  A wonderful film.
B000007MVD|5.0|I like the Beatles a lot, as well as a lot of late 50s/early 60s music... so here you go!  Two great things together!  Although I would recommend the first set of the anthology as well as this to the hard core Beatles fans, they cover similar time periods in Beatle history, I recommend this one first, if anything for its fun value (and the lads sound like they are having a lot of fun!).  There are nice alternate versions of early Beatles originals, true, but the real gems are the covers, something music fans often don't find themselves saying.  Seriously, take a listen and try this one out for a beautiful look at pre-1966 Beatles.
B000VZUWZW|1.0|I only (briefly) smiled once while watching the show.    First of all the characters are hardly believable and even if you accept that they have been exaggerated for the sake of the show, the nerds/geeks jokes have all been seen/heard before.     Oh, and as everybody said before, the laugh track is just terrible and makes  it even more difficult to watch this show through the end.
B0007OCG4W|4.0|This is real life folks. It happens every day. Sometimes things work and sometimes things don't. It is a twist of fate how people get together. If you are looking for a happily ever after film, don't watch. If you are into people watching this is for you.
0743270754|4.0|The Civil War is America's great epic story and Abraham Lincoln is our great national hero.  It is a beautiful story almost perfect in its every detail.  Consequently, it has been told many times in the one hundred and forty two years since its conclusion.  Doris Kearns Goodwin needed to find a new angle in order to write her Lincoln biography.  Her take was to write a group of biography of Lincoln and the men who formed his War Cabinet.    For her approach to work, relatively minor characters must be elevated to leading roles.  The Civil War is such a compelling story with so many memorable characters. While reading this book, I had to wonder why Kearns Goodwin devoted so many pages to Edward Bates' early legal career or Kate Chase's social life. The pages she devotes to them, takes away from more important characters and events.     This is a very long book and it takes some measure of fortitude to finish it.  Although, I had to wonder about Kearns Goodwin's focus on these relatively minor characters, I stuck with the book because she is such a strong writer.  You would have to be a very hard person not to tear up while reading her description of Lincoln's last day. In the final analysis, Doris Kearns Goodwin is up to the task of re-telling our great national story. Recommended.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I enjoyed this series thoroughly. It's not high-budget, which adds to<br />its charm. The opening song comes off cheesy at first, but then I found<br />myself singing it to myself throughout the day! Firefly and its crew will<br />be missed in our household...
B000002LPD|4.0|THE BAND: Eddie Van Halen (lead & rhythm guitars, keyboards, piano, electric drill), Sammy Hagar (vocals, rhythm guitars), Michael Anthony (bass), Alex Van Halen (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1991) 11 tracks clocking in at approximately 52 minutes. Included with the disc is a 14-page booklet containing song titles/credits (no song lyrics), numerous black & white band photos, and thank you's. Recorded at 5150 Studios (Eddie Van Halen's home studio in Los Angeles). This is Van Halen's 9th studio album, and their 3rd to feature Sammy Hagar. Listen for Steve Lukather (from Toto) singing background on \\"Top Of The World\\". Grammy award winner - \\"Best Hard Rock Performance\\" - 1991. Label - Warner Bros.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Even though I'd still choose Hagar's first album with Van Halen, \\"5150\\" (1986), over \\"For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge\\" - this album still rocks (in a corporate, subtle, unaffending way). If Van Halen could ever be called \\"sell outs\\", after this album would be the time. Hugely successful commercially (#1 on Billboard's Top 200 album chart; a Grammy winner; three #1 hits with \\"Poundcake\\", \\"Runaround\\" and \\"Top Of The World\\"; and three other songs cracking the Top 100 - \\"Right Now\\", \\"The Dream Is Over\\", and \\"Man On A Mission\\"), it's hard to deny this album. The band's only live release to date, \\"Live: Right Here Right Now\\" (1993), featured 9 of 11 tracks from \\"For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge\\". For the most part, the aggressiveness from prior albums is missing... as is the swagger and attitude from any of the David Lee Roth era releases. There are a few exceptions - \\"Poundcake\\" is a great rocking opener - complete with Eddie using an electric drill up and down the fret board; the rhythm guitars and message of \\"The Dream Is Over\\" (a personal favorite here); and \\"316\\" (taken from Wolfgang's birthday, March 16th) is a wonderfully soft bluesy 90 second guitar solo that serves as a great intro to the wonderful album closer \\"Top Of The World\\" (somehow reminds me of Diver Down's \\"Little Guitars\\" and its intro). The three #1 hits mentioned above are deserving (easily the best constructed songs on the disc). Other highlights include - Alex's furious drumming on \\"Pleasure Dome\\", Eddie's quick guitar and solo on \\"Judgment Day\\", and the haunting Halloweenish piano intro to \\"Right Now\\" (used in the old \\"Crystal\\" Pepsi Cola commercials). The only other thing worth mentioning is the packaging... the leathery football look to the front and back covers make the smaller print very hard to read. The overall feel of the album - the songs make me want to sing along and tap my feet in an adult contempory way, but they certainly don't make me want raise my fist up and yell (like most David Lee Roth era albums did back in the day). As far as rock albums go, this is a great album featuring solid hooks, catchy melodies, and above average song writing. As for Van Halen albums, it's solid... but, certainly not their best (4 stars).r Down's \\"Little Guitars\\" and its intro). The three #1 hits mentioned above are deserving (easily the best constructed songs on the disc). Other highlights include - Alex's furious drumming on \\"Pleasure Dome\\", Eddie's quick guitar and solo on \\"Judgment Day\\", and the haunting Halloweenish piano intro to \\"Right Now\\" (used in the old \\"Crystal\\" Pepsi Cola commercials). The only other thing worth mentioning is the packaging... the leathery football look to the front and back covers make the smaller print very hard to read. The overall feel of the album - the songs make me want to sing along and tap my feet in an adult contempory way, but they certainly don't make me want raise my fist up and yell (like most David Lee Roth era albums did back in the day). As far as rock albums go, this is a great album featuring solid hooks, catchy melodies, and above average song writing. As for Van Halen albums, it's solid... but, certainly not their best (4 stars).
B00003CXZ4|5.0|`Memento' is probably one of the only films that must be watched from beginning to end, no if ands or buts, in order for it to be even enjoyed.  I mean this with all sincerity, if you miss the first thirty seconds you're screwed.  That said, when caught from the very beginning `Memento' is also one of the most enjoyable and richly rewarding films to be watched.  It's a true stunner of a film, from plot to execution, and is one that will instigate lots of post-watching conversations.  The acting is top-notch, especially from the likes of Guy Pearce (looking like a scraggly Brad Pitt covered in interesting tattoos) who just blew me away here.  I've never really been a fan of Pearce.  In `L.A. Confidential' I felt he was the weakest link and pretty much everything else I see him in I just don't feel him, but here he just soars.  The direction of the film is a thing of beauty really, and Christopher Nolan has pretty much established himself as one of our greatest new-wave directors.  He truly gets into his material and delivers this masterful story in a very unique way which proves to be the grandest embellishment.<br /><br />The film centers around Leonard Shelby, a man who's lost his wife to rape and murder and in the process lost his mind.  He has set out to find the man who did this and punish him.  The movie opens with him killing a man named Teddy.  This is the end of the film, or I should say the end of the story.  Teddy is, for the sake of discussion, the man who raped and murdered Leonard's wife.  The film them jumps back in ten minute segments until we get to the beginning of the film, or should I say the beginning of the story, where we uncover who Leonard came to this conclusion.  What makes this direction so interesting is that the film gives you just enough information to keep you guessing.  It tells you just a little bit and then takes you back and fills you in, leaving new doors open for interpretation before taking you back again and filling you in.  It's truly a masterpiece of a film and executed so well it's a real shame the academy snubbed Nolan his directing nomination.<br /><br />Like I mentioned, Pearce is a spectacle in this film, but there are two other performances within `Memento' that deserve attention.  For one we have Carrie-Anne Moss' who plays a barmaid who is helping Leonard for reasons yet to be uncovered.  Is she really concerned with Leonard's plight or is she using him for her own selfish gain?  Moss surprised me here because I'm really not familiar with her work aside from `The Matrix' and a film like `The Matrix' doesn't really allow the actors to shine, but here she delves into the meat of her character and delivers a great performance.  The real star though, the actor that outshines them all, is Joe Pantoliano of `The Sopranos' fame (yes, that's Ralph).  As Teddy Joe is spot on and delivers an exciting, fresh and completely absorbing performance.  It's funny because my wife and I are HUGE `Sopranos' buffs and when we saw `Ralph' we just about died (since his character was one we loathed from start to his finish) but here he completely sheds his `Sopranos' persona and delivers a separate performance altogether and it paid off wonderfully for him.<br /><br />`Memento' is a film for the ages.  It's one of those movies that may not be your cup of tea, and for that I understand, but really, there isn't much to dislike with this film (that is if you catch it from the start).  There are so many films where one is advised to sit back and turn your mind off but here I'm telling you to sit up and turn your mind on because `Memento' is the type of film that will keep you thinking, keep you guessing, and in the process keep you completely entertained.  The end, or should I say the beginning, plays out in a wonderfully inventive way that is unexpected yet ultimately rewarding.  It packs a huge `wow' factor and I just love that about this film.  I don't want to say too much because I don't want to spoilthe surprise, but just be aware that it's not what you'd expect, and that's a beautiful thing!he surprise, but just be aware that it's not what you'd expect, and that's a beautiful thing!
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|Folks!  Words cannot describe the quality science-fiction to be found  in this film and its parent TV Series Firefly.  Next to Farscape, Stargate and Stargate Atlantis, why the Sci-Fi Channel refuses to invest money into a series like this for public consumption leaves one boggled! The writing, acting, effects and direction is superior! You make the right decision in purchasing the Firefly/ Serenity series/ film.  You'll be thirsty for more, unfortunately no one will give you that drink!
0743289684|5.0|Outstanding!   Seeing Islam through her eyes was better than reading anything else.  I certainly do not want my wife, daughters and grand-daughters living under this kind of slavery!!!!!!
B000A2IPP0|5.0|Despite a few minor things I would change, E.T. is still a gold standard for cinema after all these years.  Great overall story, yet it is the so many subtleties in the movie that give it an extra shine.  It is quite intricately scripted and edited, which give it a lot of extra character and drama.  Effective soundtrack as well.  Lighting effects.  Worth a lot of study.
6304907648|4.0|First off please don't try to compare this to other murder mysteries. It isn't any of them and vice versa. You might as well compare it to \\"Fade to Black\\", which by the way has nothing in common. Imagine yourself one of the top profilers working for the police department or the FBI. Now you have a string of murders but the Modus of Operation (MO) by the perpetrator (perp) changes with each murder. Some brilliant acting by Sigourney Weaver, Holly Hunter, and the underrated Harry Connick Jr. make this movie one of the best thrillers around. It turns out that not only is the MO different, but the murderer is imitating others.<br /><br />Others in the sense of Jeffrey Dahlmer, David Berkewitz, Ted Bundy, and other serial killers. It is bad enough to have someone on the loose like that, but when they follow your interest in them and take an interest in you, it is best not to be in any dark rooms. Weaver is a psychological doctor aiding the detective played by Hunter. Connick Jr. is great as a psychotic killer in prison that appears to be assisting a murderer on the streets. The creepy factor is high along with the good scares here and there. I highly recommend purchasing this DVD if you enjoy lesser known thrillers like \\"Deceived\\", \\"Black Widow\\", and \\"Vanished\\". I ordered this DVD because it is very good and it has excellent replayability.
B000OQF6N6|4.0|This album is a breath of fresh air for those of us who have been waiting for a decent album to come out of this pair.  The album harkens back to some of the Siamese Dream days, but in my opinion doesn't take us anywhere new.    For those fans who need a Pumpkin fix, you should pick this up.  For those of you who are rock fans and want to hear the Pumpkins, you should try an earlier album.
B000AA4JMU|4.0|We recently had a baby we've named Oliver.  His two-year old brother has enjoyed learning the tunes to \\"Oom PaPa\\".  This is a classic we want our children to be familiar with.  Pretty good product, considering the price.  Fun for kids.  We ordered several copies for gifts.
B000OCXMAE|4.0|After reading the reviews here over several weeks, I finally bought this CD today.  While I was not expecting much, what with all the negative reviews (I used to trust true music fans to have a pretty good opinion of a long-standing band such as LP), I was not disappointed with it.  I'm not here to bust anyone's chops but some of you don't seem to know how to appreciate music for what it can do.   Minutes to Midnight does not appear to be an attempt to recreate the sounds of Hybrid Theory or Meteora, but then, Meteora did not seem to try to recreate the sounds of Hybrid Theory.  It's sad for me to think that people would want a band's sound to never change. I hear it all too often when I turn on the radio and a guitar riff or drum beat can tell me who the artist is before I even hear a lyric. It's sickening.  Give Linkin Park the props they deserve for delivering something new; something thought provoking, emotional and sincere. This CD has many elements that can be appreciated in and of themselves, not just as a compliation of LP's new work.  Tracks like Leave Out All The Rest, Hands Held High, and The Little Things Give You Away really touched a sensitive spot in my soul for my own personal reasons.  So, no... Minutes may not be another Hybrid Theory or Meteora, but it can stand on its own just like the first two.   Maybe try reading the meaning behind the words and feeling it through the music instead of taking everything at face value.
B00005R2IS|5.0|Cult film or not, most everyone agrees Mad Max is a remarkable film. Most reviewers and the documentaries included on the DVD rave about Mel Gibson's performance, and they're right!     But among the things that makes this movie so much better than its budget would seem to allow were the truly fine performances of most of the other actors.  We're not talking Oscar caliber, of course, but strong enough to be believable and keep the viewer caught up in the story.  Whether due to great direction or real actor talent (and probably both), these \\"little things\\" really set the stage for Gibson's character to play out against.     This was the first time I've heard the original Australian language version of the film, and was pleased. The other extras were very good as well, making this an outstanding value for the price!     So after you've watched the movie several times and have gotten past Gibson's shining performance, watch for all those other glimmers that are minor stars in their own right.
B000003TA4|5.0|This cd is the ultimate resource of 90's grunge.  Recommended for all fans of rock music who somehow managed not to have purchased this cd in the 90s for whatever reason.  This is Cobain at his finest and this propelled Nirvana into the most influential band of the 90s.  Nearly every song was a hit in some regard and there have been few cds that can stand next to this in terms of sheer artistic innovation.  Cobain was an artist not a product of corporate, which emerged through his music and resonated in the hearts of fans of rock music.  He influenced a generation and this cd marks the beginning of it all.  If you are in the minority of those who have not heard anything of Nirvana this is the definitive starting place.
B000HCO83Q|4.0|Remember: This is the third installment of a sci-fi/comic book translation to film. There are bound to be a lot of people who won't like it just on principle (e.g. it doesn't follow the comics, it isn't 'serious' film, it's just milking the success of the first two).<br />While a technically very stunning film, it suffers from a bit of plot weakness. Juggling tying up themes from the previous two X-Men movies with showing more of the comics' mutants \\"neglected\\" previously, it tries to do too much -- but it does the individual parts very well. The scenes are well-crafted and the special effects are marvelous, but the story as a whole seemed rather half-hearted.<br />Other reviewers have mentioned the sub-par acting of some of the lead actors, but I found many of the supporting actors put in very good performances.  It's hard to find any fault with the special effects, unless it's (almost) overkill: they threaten to overshadow what good plotline there is. Not that there is no good use of plotlines here: the final confrontation of Wolverine and Magneto was a brilliant take on the theme of their previous movie encounters; there are just too few of such gems.<br />Of the three X-Men movies, this is the primary \\"action\\" one and is least able to stand on its own; the first was necessarily more \\"plot\\" oriented, while the second was probably the most \\"balanced\\" (and my personal favorite of the three, by a hair over the first). Do watch (or skip through) to the end of the credits to see the teaser that adds additional opportunity for a sequel, but X-Men - The Last Stand, while not bad, does not really leave me craving the next installment.
B00004XQP4|3.0|Green Day fans were disappointed with this cd when it came out.  It had a few radio hits like Minority and Warning but the majority of the music is a departure from what we all loved about Green Day's sound.  Their sound is less fast paced punk and more solemn and slower and more serious.  It marks their transition to their current sound of American Idiot.  If you like later Green Day you'll like this but early Green Day fans might not.  If you don't already have them go get Dookie and Insomniac as these are their best works BY FAR.
0694003611|5.0|I have read this book to my baby nearly every night since she was born. I was using an old paperback copy I had, but my 7 month old wants to turn the pages herself.  So glad it's available as a board book.  It's a timeless classic and a favorite.
B00006M183|1.0|this cd failed to live up to earlier Pearl Jam standards.  I Am Mine was the only thing listenable.
B000MZHW40|5.0|This is the best movie of its kind that I've seen since \\"The Constant Gardener.\\" The premise is similar....corporate greed trumps human decency.<br /><br />Leonardo diCaprio gives his best performance ever as a gem smuggler, along with Djimon Hounsou as father desperate to reunite his war-torn family.<br /><br />Drama will keep you on your edge of your seat, as well as the heartwrenching story of children ripped from families and forced to become soldiers, innocent people maimed and killed in the name of \\"revolution\\" and of course the infuriating unconcern of those whose only goal is for profit. I'll never buy another diamond unless I can be certain it didn't come from a country torn by war.
B000002N2P|5.0|This cd represents Green Day at a great point in their careers.  Perhaps second only to Dookie, this cd rivals Dookie at times with its catchy song after song after song.  Every song on this cd is good.  Best songs are Geek Stink Breath, Brain Stew, and Walking Contradiction as well as Armatage Shanks.  Green Day sounds perhaps more refined here than on Dookie.  EVERYONE NEEDS THIS CD, BOTTOM LINE.  It is a must must must have for fans of 90s music or Green Day in general.  Terrific replay value and it never gets old to listen to.  This cd will blow you away how good it is.
B000RG1FMO|4.0|I just recently recieved my copy of the latest Kanye West album, and man must I say the album is everything that I thought it would be and more.  This is one of the few albums out now that is not clouded with guest appearance from every hot star out now(Fabolous).  This album is definitly what hip hop needs right now.  Eventhough I think alot of people will not purchase this album because of the attitude that Mr. West carries with him.  I think they will missing out on a great album.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the album cover sucks.  Other than that I guess it is true what they say \\"Dont judge a book by its cover\\".
B000003TAW|5.0|The Blue Album by Weezer is one of the catchiest collection of songs ever compiled.  It has a light flavor of the guitar distortion popular during the grunge movement but it is not grunge at all.  It is catchy rock music that has blazing guitar melodies in the background at all times.  Catchy is the word because every song is good...let me stress this EVERY SONG IS REALLY REALLY GOOD.  It is one of those extremely rare examples of an album of musical perfection.  Buddy Holly and The Sweater Song are the most popular songs but My Name Is Jonas, In The Garage, and Only In Dreams may rival their greatness.  By the time the cd has played from start to end you will be ready to hit the play button for another round, and another and another.  Everyone that I knew owned this cd but for those who have yet to make the discovery it is some of the best music out there.  Go ahead and get this cd if you don't already - this is guaranteed to make you happy you did.
0786186291|5.0|I have read this series of books and listened to them on tape and now I am getting them on cd so I can rip them to the computer and sync them to my mp3 player which is easier to carry around my neck as I work. When I listen to these stories it makes watering the trees a bit more interesting. If you haven't read this series I highly recomend you start if you want to be totally entertained by the wonderful cast of characters.
B0002OERI0|3.0|Dookie and Insomnia blow this away.  It is not as good as their older stuff and the band has developed a whole new sound unlike anything ever heard by me.  It's ok and most people will like it.  But, those of you who are used to songs like Basketcase and When I Come Around, well, Green Day just doesn't make songs like that anymore.  WMUWSE is a very good song in its own right though.  However, some of the longer movements were not all that great and I could do without (St. Jimmy story, etc.).
B000002HEM|4.0|The Maniacs sound excellent here.  Natalie Merchant's voice is great and the band captures the greatness of their songwriting while performing live.  I enjoyed all of their cds and this was no exception.  If you're looking for live versions of their songs then this is the place to look.  Truly a great song list was performed during this performance.
B00003CXMG|2.0|My title says it all. If you don't see it, trust me, you won't regret it.
B000ETQRCM|1.0|As a fan of early Pearl Jam I was disappointed big time with this one.  No songs struck me as catchy and I felt out of touch with Pearl Jam's messages.  They just don't have it anymore.  Disappointed fan.
B000RG1FMO|2.0|And the winner between 50 cent & Kanye is neither: Both albums suck! Kanye's album is slightly better than 50 cent but that aint saying much. Well its now official, all the good hip hop is coming from the underground. The tagline for Graduation Day album should read: \\"An album so weak it needs help off of the turntable\\"    BTW: You know what this album needed? More cowbell
B000002LOE|5.0|This is REM at their earliest emergence of sheer brilliance.  Losing My Religion is simply one of the best songs ever made in the history of music - it alone is worth the price of the cd.  The other songs are quite good too, such as Radio Song and Shiny Happy People.  While this cd is overshadowed by it's successor, Automatic For The People, it really delivers.  It has a folksy feel to it and defines REM as probably their most significant cd ever released.  They really reached prominence with this cd.  Losing My Religion is the main story behind this cd - sheer brilliance and genius.
B000E5N62U|5.0|I'm buying the box set of Donald's albums from his website.  I've worn out my first two C-D's.  I like them all and not ashamed to admit it.  I'm also a big Rippingtons fan, and admit that too.  Wouldn't it be a shame, if we were all the same?  Some of the critical reviewer's here should try their hand at staying active in the music industry for 35 years and see how well they do.  Most of the critics probably have no musical ability at all, but they sure know how to be hurtful.  Fagan and Becker saved Rock and Roll back in the '70's and 80's from no talent big hair bands such as Bon Jovi and Poison.  I stopped listening to rock during the 'big hair' band days and only would listen to Steely Dan. I still dis-like rock except for inovative artists such as Fagan, who knows how to mix it up instead of trying to axe murder me.
B000002MG1|5.0|This is REM's best cd - and that is saying a lot!  Drive begins the cd with a hauntingly unique blend that will leave you with chills.  The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonight is a lyrically strange song that has a great melody.  Everybody Hurts is a legendary sentimental favorite.  The Sweetness Follows is really good as is Monty Got A Raw Deal, although most people don't know these songs as much as the others.  Then you have Man On The Moon, an REM staple.  Finally Nightswimming and Find The River...MY TWO FAVORITES ON THE CD!  Really great all around cd.  It never gets old because every song is very good and well written.  Stipe and co. really put out a gem with this cd.  If you want definitive REM at their best, this is your choice.
B000M5B6Q0|5.0|I loved the movie and this CD is great!  Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore can really sing!!
B000V4UFZK|3.0|It's a tragedy that Poltergeist is being re-released for its 25th anniversary but without any special features to celebrate this milestone of pop-culture horror.  Even with a newly restored anamorphic transfer, the absence of special features is shocking and about as much fun as staring at a blank television screen filled with snow.<br /><br />I remember watching a Making Of documentary on HBO back in the 80's when they were running this like 3 or 4 times a day and it was excellent showing Spielberg on-set.  What many people don't know is a rarely publicized fact that Spielberg, ironically,  \\"ghost directed\\" this film over Tobe Hooper providing much of the creative input and decisions that elevated this film above lucrative B-horror fare and making it accessible to mass audiences world-wide.  I would also have like to have seen some new cast interviews and a documentary talking about the alleged Poltergeist \\"curse\\" that has haunted these films with the deaths of Dominique Dunne, Heather O'Rourke and Will Sampson and Julian Beck from the sequel and to hear what the surviving cast members like JoBeth Williams and Craig T. Nelson have to say and their reflections.  I'd also like to see something in tribute to Jerry Goldsmith's great work scoring the film and something more in-depth with Richard Edlund and his visual effects team creating the special effects of Poltergeist.  I know Spielberg has refused to do commentaries for his films because he believes the film should speak for itself but what about Tobe Hooper who could have had an opportunity to present his testimony about the making of the film.<br /><br />There is a plethora of material that could-have-been included to make this a first-class presentation and celebration of a great film, not just for fans but for audiences in general.  A film of this caliber should be treated as a historical document that has a legacy and a story behind the production that is always fascinating to be heard.  To give this the bare-bones repackaging with new anamorphic transfer and a generic documentary about the paranormal that I could watch anytime on cable is really doing a disservice not just to the fans but to those who know absolutely nothing about this film and may be viewing it for the first time and are denied discovering the intriguing story-behind-the-story.  Even the ghosts are jeering \\"Boo!\\"ging with new anamorphic transfer and a generic documentary about the paranormal that I could watch anytime on cable is really doing a disservice not just to the fans but to those who know absolutely nothing about this film and may be viewing it for the first time and are denied discovering the intriguing story-behind-the-story.  Even the ghosts are jeering \\"Boo!\\"
B000001Y16|5.0|i highly recommend this one. this is one of my favorite cd's ever. all tracks are good. there are a couple #3 i dont feel all like that but overall this album is a classic. number #5 is my favorite on the cd but i would have to say so is the last two. and then a few more. so like i said this is a must have. i just purchased another one b/c the one i have is all messed up. the last and best one he put out b4 he died.
B000093FLA|4.0|Ritchie hits another homer with this one. His unique cinematography, cutting, and balls-out style works perfectly here. If you like Lock, Stock, you'll like this.<br />Rather violent, but Ritchie has a gift for making violence seem entertaining in an odd way, and I'm no fan of violence in general.<br />Some truly funny characters and lines. Pitt is quite humorous; love the accent.<br />Helps if you know London and its hooligans, but if not, you'll learn about them here.<br />Compare this to most modern Hollywood shoot-em-ups and it becomes clear how much better films can be if someone with vision is making them.<br />Especially if he has a sense of humor.
B000RJO578|5.0|This film takes pieces of popular culture and twists them into a creative and hilarious film. Hot Fuzz easily ranks among my most favorite films.
B000LC55F2|3.0|3.5 stars.<br /><br />Looks good, full of solid acting, interesting story, but it gets a little convoluted, and the plot becomes somewhat oblique.<br />Caine has been ubiquitous for so many years now, but you've gotta hand it to him, he's still pretty good.<br />Worth watching if you like period pieces/mysteries.
B00005JKNF|5.0|I love movies set in this era and I'm an avid mystery watcher.  This movie is great.
B000MZHW40|4.0|DiCaprio has to be given credit for trying to make movies with some social impact. This one takes sharp aim at the diamond industry, and comes off well. Good script, decent pacing, lots of suspense, and solid performances.<br /><br />The total diamond story has yet to be told, but this is a good start.<br />How is it that women MUST have a diamond to be wed? Aside from juvenile competitiveness with their girlfriends, it's due to a long campaign from the media to make a diamond an essential item for a married woman. Why? Money, money, money and power for those who rule the trade, and the poor nations enslaved for our greed. Just who are the overlords, what are their political connections, and what countries make billions alongside them? Do some research and find yet another tale of the first world keeping the third world enslaved in the name of petty egotism.<br /><br />This film does the service of pointing out that for every happy bride with a diamond on her finger, there is a dead child in the bush somewhere whose parents were tortured and then killed so that someone's Vegas wedding could impress the other rubes.<br /><br />It took balls to make this. Let's hope we see lots more in its vein.<br />Truth is something we need plenty more of these days.
B000OY8NII|5.0|Eureka is a fun romp through Wonderland, or should I say Quantumland, where geeks rule, and Alice is replaced by new town sheriff, Jack Carter. The characters are quirky, intelligent, witty, and believable. Even the \\"bad guys\\" are generally likable. Most of the plot-lines are unique and even the couple that are obviously borrowed are uniquely presented. Although the geeks rule in Eureka, it is the sheriff, who is occasionally reminded of his comparatively low intelligence, that always comes up with the idea that saves the day. Eureka's writers offer an unusual blend of sci-fi, comedy, and drama, then wrap it all up with a bit of suspense.
B00007H1Y2|4.0|Lots of lush reverb and ringing chords, surfed-out tones and tropical vibes, lazy tribal riddims and colorful melodic pastiches.<br />Perfect for zoning out in a hammock on the beach, watching the sun set and the moon rise.<br />Drift away...
0375846735|3.0|I read the \\"Golden Compass\\" trilogy a few years back -- can't remember why -- and thought I'd dash off a word or two about it, what with the movie coming out soon and all.  The books follow familiar kids/young adult fantasy tropes: the hero is an orphan (the feisty, indomitable Lyra Belaqua) whose real parents (not actually dead) are both powerful figures in the world outside.  Lyra lives in an alternate-reality version of our world, a strange mix of the medieval and modern worlds, where the Church-led Inquisition has lasted for centuries, but science has continued apace, although led for the most part by the dictates of the somewhat sinister, repressive Church.      The first two books were riveting, mostly because the fiery young girl is such as appealing character and the fantasy elements are quite imaginative, however, the third volume is disappointing.  To put it simply, the \\"Golden Compass\\" books are a thinly-disguised anti-Catholic screed, and though the first two books are quite entertaining, the third volume is a real drag.  If you get pulled in by the story, you'll have to finish the series, just to see how it ends.  Although I don't have any principled or prudish objections to Pullman's world view, I do think the narrative and the writing suffered greatly in the third book, where he pretty much just comes out and says what he feels about religion and the Church, much to the detriment of the writing.  It's just not that much fun to read once the story becomes a political pamphlet; indeed, finishing the series was a bit of a chore.   (Apparently the movie adaptation tones things down a lot -- won't parents be surprised when they get the books after having seen the film!)  (Axton)
B000UX6TRK|1.0|I purchased the cd/dvd with the same audio defect. I've emailed Island Records with no response. I've also posted a review on Lionel Richie's site as well and have not heard anything. Guess I'll return the dvd/cd and wait and see if they do a second pressing.
0060763892|1.0|Campy, comic book style.  Popcorn fiction.  Not very well researched, banks have more security levels than the famed Sigma Group.  Kowalski referred to as a former Navy man and then indicated that if \\"jarhead\\" had a picture in the dictionary it would be of Kowalski, Sorry, but having been in the Marines for 7 years, Jarhead is only for Marines.  If \\"bad fiction\\" definition had a picture of someone, it would be James Rollins.  Don't waste your time on this dribble.
630522577X|4.0|While Pygmalion, with Wendy Hiller, follows G.B. Shaw's play more concisely My Fair Lady deviates a bit from the play however it still captures more the audience. Though, a 1964 movie may seem a bit boring for 2007 it has that special essence that makes it a great classical. My Fair Lady is in the form of a musical, which may seem annoying to those who do not enjoy constant singing. In my opinion, the singing was a perfect element in the movie especially the chorus which sang according the Professor Higgins feelings. In the movie the workers gather around Professor Higgins and sing according to the current situation. For example, while training Eliza the chorus would repeat \\"Poor Professor Higgins...Poor Professor Higgins\\", I think this added a humorous element. Some of the songs are very catchy like \\"The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plains\\". I found these songs very entertaining while watching the movie.   Audrey Hepburn's portrayal of Eliza Doolittle may not seem like the \\"flower girl\\" that Shaw describes because she has that \\"spark\\" that makes her seem elegant even if she is in rags. When Hepburn is shown in the ambassador's ball, she illustrates a real sophisticated duchess. From the way her lips move (making sure she doesn't mess up her words) to the way she is dressed, Hepburn portrays the elegance in every lady. Unlike Hiller, in Pygmalion, Hepburn shines in the ballroom. One could say that Hepburn is the epitome of elegance and sophistication in this scene. There is also an alteration in this scene from Shaw's play. First the character of Neppomuck is changed into Zoltan Zarpathy and we are presented to the Prince of Transylvania who wishes to dance with Eliza. This never happens in Pygmalion; however this was added into the plot in order to make the story more interesting and intriguing.    The other characters also play an important role. In my opinion, Professor Higgins seemed less rude in My Fair Lady. This could have been due to the constant singing. At the end of the movie Eliza goes back to Higgins instead of marrying Freddy, this is a huge change in the real Pygmalion. The director chose this path in order to give My Fair Lady a happy ending, instead of following the real storyline and maybe disappointing the audience.   Overall, My Fair Lady is an entertaining musical which can take you back in time however the audience is able to feel the essence of a classical movie. Hepburn's character in the movie truly captivates the audience.
B000002W9Q|5.0|I really enjoyed the movie because of the soundtrack, so that's why I decided to get the soundtrack.  It's great.
B000UX6THK|5.0|This gold edition looks good but if you're like me you've already bought most of what's in it... namely seasons 1 & 2!    So, yesterday, I took those box sets to Wherehouse Records and sold them back used.  They gave me $11 and $13 for them respectively, therefore I got $24 to apply towards the $64.99 price that amazon is asking, which efectively drops the pirce down to $40.99.  I suggest doing this soon before the old DVDs value drops even more.    Yeah, I could complain but life is short and Twin Peaks, after all, was the best series on television.  I can't wait to get mine.
0060989157|5.0|You will wet your pants laughing within the first 5 pages. I am half way through the book and learning alot about the band and Nikki Sixx himself. There is alot people do not know. Can't wait to finish the rest.
0143038419|5.0|I fell in love with this book after the first chapter.  For any young, determined, independent woman this book is a must read.  It will inspire you to make your dreams come true.  I cannot write enough great things about this book, you just have to read it. Take with you what you can from it.
B000H305U0|5.0|if you don't already have mr. timberlake's record, i have no idea what ur waiting for. genius production.
0143038583|5.0|As a novice vegetarian, I watched documentaries like \\"Future of Food\\", read articles about food chemicals, etc, and thought I was aware of most of what goes around the food industry. But this book proved me wrong. It was such an eye-opener for me with the details of the industrialized foods that we are surrounded by. From an omnivore's point of view, Michael Pollan delivers the most effective descriptions of what we eat, and how foods are made and delivered to our nearby supermarket. He is a great writer and did an amazing job at bringing us the details of his observations. If you are someone who is even remotely interested in what you eat everyday, you should read this book. Maybe I am over-conscious, but after reading this book I now think twice before picking up anything from the market.
0316067598|5.0|I just picked up my book as Sam's Club this weekend.  I can't wait to finish it so I can share it with some of my students.  What an inspiration!  What an inside look at the Navy SEALS and the Iraq War!      Just a bit about my point of view.  My husband is a U.S. Army Soldier, (soon to retire), one of my nephews is a U.S. Army Soldier, willingly heading back (second tour) to Iraq as an Army Reservist that was called up from civilian life with a wife and a one year old baby he is leaving behind. Another nephew, a Marine who was the honor grad of his boot camp and is a member of the Honor Guard at Arlington Memorial Cemetary...Washington D.C.     Marcus Luttrell paints a magnificent picture and it explains why all the soldiers I know who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan...and there are quite a few...continue to support our President and our country's efforts in Iraq.  They have been there.  They know what is going on \\"in country.\\"  They are proud of what they have accomplished and they know there is hope for the Iraqi people.      As a history teacher, I know that change and progress do not come without a price.  The fact that the soldier on the ground, faced with possible death, is still willing to go back, despite his/her love for their loved ones, is all I need to know to be certain that we are doing the right thing.    I don't listen to the politicians and the media.  I listen to my friends, family, and the soldiers, like Marcus, who have been there and still believe that the mission is worth the price.      Thanks Marcus for your sacrifice and the sacrifice of your brothers at arms.  I am sorry for your loss and the loss to our Country.  Let it not be in vane!    Vive Liberty!
B000002C1W|5.0|I am a very huge Pink Floyd fan. My idol is Roger Waters so I am more attracted to the Waters Era. This does not mean that the album is bad at all. It is a VERY GOOD record. The Gilmoure Era is different from the Waters era (when talking about music) but is a very good album.
1596912375|5.0|i have read all of william boyd's novels, his short stories, screenplays and most of his essays--he's far and away my favorite contemporary novelist.<br /><br />\\"Restless\\" is brilliant; it's right up there with his best novels, \\"The New<br />Confessions,\\" \\"Brazzaville Beach,\\" and \\"Any Human Heart.\\"<br /><br />the only ones that don't come up to scratch are \\"The Blue Afternoon\\" and<br />\\"Armadillo.\\"<br /><br />if you like Ishiguro, Amis, McEwan, or the divine David Mitchell, you will LOVE Boyd's stuff.<br /><br />just get it!
B000PKG6TE|5.0|Although it took awhile for some of the songs to grow on me, its a great cd.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|I loved this regardless of the twisted subject matter.  I equate it with watching a car accident.    Amazing reality or anyone who is not a drug addict.
B000TGJ80S|5.0|What is said about the romance between Mina and Dracula is utter bull. In fact it is one of the most stirring portions of the film along with all the visually appealing sequences throughout the movie.    This film is one Coppolla was born to make, since many of the Dracula films of the sixties and seventies ended up being annoying rehashes. This one brings new life into the Dracula mythos by painting his origin in the beginning of the film. I also like to clarify that Mina was not just some random girl in the book Dracula fell for in the book. The story does mention how he was married once and vowed to find his love reincarnated, the very reason he chose to be a demon in the first place.    Oldman and Ryder are very touching as I said before, especially Oldman. He plays Dracula with such relish that isn't remotely a rendition of Lugosi at all. There is a completely different accent and look to him, which is accurate Transylvanian at the time. Best of all, the audience becomes very empathetic towards the count as a dry Jonathan Harker wins Mina over. Surprisingly Dracula wins in the end as Mina, Van Helsing and the others see just what Dracula was other than a monster that the end was so appropriate and touching I cried.     The accuracy of the book is very real here. The film won several Academy Awards it deserved.    It's too bad this was one of the last films Coppolla came to direct in his career, but it was well worth it, including Renaissance Man. Every deleted scene would have had its value to the film, but I'm glad this wasn't in a director's cut so we could see why they didn't use it. The documentary is also very special too so get this DVD as soon as possible.
1400063515|1.0|A superficial and self-aggrandizing book.  Taleb seems to want to claim credit for concepts with which any student of statistics or investing ought to already be throughly familiar.  I was hoping for an interesting read that might lead me to more detailed sources, but got neither from this book.  Completely disappointing and poorly written.
B000BUYP4Q|4.0|I must be in the minority of thoroughly enjoying this film, keep in mind that this was before I saw the Dark Knight, so my opinion may seem somewhat dated. Lets not forget, the story of Batman has been done in several different ways, but director Christopher Nolan and writer David S. Goyer, in my personal opinion, nailed it.  It does drag in parts, but the actors do what they can to move it along. Director Tim Burton tried to make his version too dark, still good, but not great. Joel Schumacher tried to make his too goofy, it worked part of the time. With this version, Chris Nolan and David S. Goyer made it dark, but nearly realistic. The actors couldn't have been better choosen, Christian Bale does a handsome Bruce Wayne, Gary Oldman plays a very convincing Jim Gordon  Morgan Freeman, whom I've always liked, introduces Luicus Fox very well, Michael Caine does a very compassionate Alfred, the list goes on.... The backstory on the Wayne family is still very done, and Katie Holmes playing Bruce's love interest, proves that she can do grown-up roles. I believe this version would've made Bob Kane proud.
0307341550|2.0|I decided not to finish this book because it is full of unsympathetic and rather boring characters, because the author obviously has not had any experience with a small town in the bootheel of Missouri (or any other small town), and it was overhyped.  It is neither chilling or suspenseful.  Camille has no compelling reason to stay in town.  She is an inept reporter because she doesn't know how to interview and get a story. The hotshot detective from KC has been there for months and doesn't have a clue.  Literally.  Which reminds me.  The book is full of incomplete sentences.  Once in a while is okay but all the time is irritating.  We deserve better than this.
B00009V7OR|4.0|I saw this film long before war of the worlds, and I loved it! The acting is good, the charecters believable, and the special f/x are excellent! Alot of critics despised this film, my question is, why?  Because the charecters were too stereotypical, nonsense! The three main charecters-Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman and Will Smith do the best job, and Margaret Colin, Vivica A. Fox, and Judd Hirsh are pretty good too, this film was 10 times better than Mars Attacks!-that was good the first time, then it got stupid. Director Roland Emmerich may have used alot of cliches with this film, but is there an unwritten rule that all cliches are bad? I'm getting pretty fed up with critics expecting absolute plausibility in movies, movies are supposed to be entertainment, not a confirmation of reality, unless they say, `based on a true story.' To make a long story short, too late!) Critics get over it!
B000VZUWZW|3.0|This is a review of the pilot episode.<br /><br />How can I be negative about a show about geeks and nerds with a theme song by Barenaked Ladies?<br /><br />Well, for one thing, there's the laugh track you've been reading about in some of the other reviews.  It's not just a part of the ambience, its a character unto itself.  It is one of those characters that telegraphs every joke and sometimes, alas, drowns out the rest of the cast. Its a character that makes you want to shout \\"Shut up already!\\" at the screen.  Seriously, it needs to be taken out behind the studio and given the Chuck Cunningham treatment.<br /><br />I also got very tired of hearing every obvious internet shut-in joke applied to the main characters.  After a while it felt like filler.  Writers?  This is a chance to employ some smart humor that will reward your audience with that little frisson of recognition and the feeling that you're talking to them, not just picking a small corner of the grand existential Venn diagram and using every stereotype imaginable about that group to create yet another flaccid sitcom.  The cast is charming and up to the challenge.  The set design was great (and I want Sheldon and Leonard's shower curtain). Just give them something to work with, people.<br /><br />Right now, I would still give Sheldon and Leonard a pass in favor of the real thing on one of the brainy cable channels.  With some tightening and the elimination of that awful laugh track, I might consider giving The Big Bang Theory another shot.
B000JJSRNY|5.0|There is nothing else relevant to say about this DVD. All is said stunning, amazing, wonderful...... The only thing is that I envy with all my heart the 20.000 that were at the Waldbuhne that day. If you have the possibility to listen this DVD in 5.1 surround system you will understand what I mean. You feel as if you were there on the front row. The other importat issue is to see how much enjoyed the three superstars their own show. Maybe they spent much better times than the audience. Add hundred stars to the five allowed to rate and you feel that are still not enough.    Is a perfect gift for newcomers.
B000MG1ZFQ|5.0|JUST HAVING THESE RARE VERSIONS OF \\"WHO SCARED YOU\\" AND \\"WHISKEY, MYSTICS, AND MEN\\"  ARE WORTH BUYING THIS ALBUM.    THE NEW SPOKEN INTRO TO TITLE SONG IS VERY GOOD ALSO.
0895260131|4.0|A good read that's well argued.  To anyone presenting Islam as peaceful, this book cross references the koran frequently and to good effect.  Also explains a bit of history prior to the crusades that is commonly omitted from contemporary debate.
B000MXPE74|5.0|This CD is fantastic.  The Fratellis manage a fun combo of tarted up lyrics with an edgy guitar sound--cleaner than punk but dirtier than pop.  A bit camp in presentation and certainly glam, the formula for really catchy dance tunes that pack a lot of tongue-in-cheek sass has been clearly mastered by these guys.  Every track on this CD is great.
B000LAZDQA|3.0|Although I admire John Cameron Mitchell immensely for taking a revolutionary approach to the discussion and depiction of sex in SHORTBUS, I must also say that I ultimately found the film tedious and ineffective.  The storyline was unbearably thin and the characters were hopelessly shallow (certainly too shallow to hold my attention).  I think Mr. Mitchell subjugated what could have been an interesting story (with a little more script development) to graphic sex.  I kept thinking as the largely unengaging movie unfolded that if I just wanted graphic sex I could have rented a porn film.  I longed for interesting characters and insightful dialogue.  Instead, I got empty verbal exchanges coupled with lots and lots of sex.  Don't get me wrong, I LOVE sex.  But is this what we should aspire to?  Is cruising the dark catacombs of a sex club the key to a great orgasm?  Is making out with a stranger far more of a sexual ideal than partnering with one person (especially if you're involved with someone you profess to \\"love\\")?  Maybe the answer to all those questions is \\"yes\\" - if so, it sends an ice-cold chill down my spine.
0312323867|4.0|The narrator/protagonist of this story, Darcy Rhone, is almost completely unlikeabe. Darcy is selfish, self-absorbed to the point of being clueless about everyone but herself, and spoiled.  Yet, for some reason I liked her just a little bit although I couldn't empathize with her.  Not sure how Griffin does this -- is it just a natural instinct for the reader to be pulling for the protagonist?  I found the writing OK, not great, but this was a pretty neat trick.  Obviously, Darcy changes and grows and we are happy for her and the outcome.  I should have found the first two-thirds of this book agonizing, but I didn't.  It's worth a read.
B00005JLWN|5.0|Futuristic?  Wow! Give it 8 stars on action alone.    Christian Bale has the moves most men would die for. [didn't see the wires]  Despotic plot - excellent.  Characters - excellent   Action - Fantastic.  Diggs - a bit arrogant.  son - a bit worldly, or ESP.  Sean Bean - finally in a touching part.  ACTION - over the top.    What more can be said that hasn't been said already.    HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - for the action enclined - a must have for the collection of excellent movies -
B000R7HY0K|5.0|I was lucky enough to see a pre-release of this DVD. You will not be disappointed if you consider it ON ITS OWN MERITS. It's a different experience, and strong enough to stand on its own. I won't spoil it for you.    I'd like to remind all the complainers and boycott-hollering yahoos that the theatrical Grindhouse release was seen by about 147 people domestically, and was a financial disaster.  Exactly what would the producers' motivation be to duplicate that for the DVD?  I don't fault them in the slightest for approaching from another angle.  I hope the separate releases sell well enough to justify the release of the double-bill and trailers.  I'll buy that as well.
B000VNMMRA|5.0|I read an article in a British film magazine this weekend that says Bruce shows today's action film pansies (their word, not mine!) how to deliver an action film.  I have to agree.  This was by far the best film I saw all summer (Yes, even better than the third Pirates movie!).  I can't wait to buy the DVD.  When Bruce takes on a fighter jet, you know who my money's on!
B00005JPMZ|5.0|I was never a big-fan of the kiddie cartoon, so i did not expect too much when advertised, but we have 3 year old who wanted to watch this movie, I was really surprised and happy to say it was great, dark, not a re-tread of the Sat. morning cartoon, but a continuation of the story, safe for kids and technically done so well, it had realistic set design, I would welcome a sequel.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|Serenity is an excellent movie with a good plot and anybody who is a firefly fan will surely enjoy this movie.
B000LXH0AE|4.0|Most times, I find it interesting to watch a comedian pay a dramatic role. Here, will Ferrell plays an extremely straight, low-key character: an IRS agent who is part of a verystrange story. Yes, the title to this movie is 100 percent accurate: \\"Stranger Than Fiction really describes this bizarre tale.    Since there are over 200 reviews of this, it would useless going into a description of the story.  Suffice to say Ferrell, Emma Thompson, Maggie Gyllenhall and Dustin Hoffman are all good in this human-interest story which could have many interpretations.    If you are looking for something different, and something to get your brain working a little bit, this is recommended. For those expecting the normal Will Ferrell wackiness, stay away: it's hardly that. I hate to use the cliché phrase \\"thought-provoking,\\" but I think it applies here.
1577312082|5.0|Peaceful and powerful. The audio book version is best. You will know it is the truth when you hear it.
B00005LOUP|5.0|I found this a very entertaining small kids movie that actually is geared more for adults with a lot of jokes and humor only they would understand. A few things are inappropriate for the kiddies, but just a few. Othewise, \\"The Grinch\\" (Jim Carrey) cracks so many jokes you can't keep up with them all, ranging from sexual to cultural to insider-Hollywood to racial.    The film is very colorful and looks great on DVD. The little girl in here, \\"Cindy Lou Who\\" (Taylor Momsen) is really cute and the costumes and hairdos of the little people in here are fun to view. Anthony Hopkins' voice is pleasing, too, so having his narrate this elevates the movie further. His rhymes are fun to hear.    I've seen it four times and it got better with each viewing..
0790737345|4.0|This is a very beautiful movie.  I first saw it when I was in my teens and it was one of the first movies that \\"touched\\" me. lol.  Ive never been a fan of Meg Ryan, but in this movie, she doesnt bother me.  The soundtrack is awesome and Nicholas Cages performance is fantastic.  Highly recommended.
B00000IQV7|5.0|There are a lot of sugary clichés I could use - in a sincere way - to describe this story about a doctor with a good heart who truly believes in the healing power of laughter. Based on a real-life person (who looks a lot wackier than Robin Williams, who plays him in this movie), the story has its usual rebel fights-the- straight-laced-establishment cliché but is a warm, sentimental film that can't help but make you feel really good when it's all over. It's hardly all sugar, either, as there are not only frustrations but an immensely-shocking tragedy in here.    For a nice \\"family\\" movie, the profanity and sexual innuendos are a little much, so I don't think is one for the kids. (They wouldn't like it anyway.) Adults shouldn't mind. The language isn't that bad, anyway.    This is an inspiring story with comedy and romance and drama. That's what makes it so effective: a good combination of genres. One minute you're laughing, a few minutes later you have tears in your eyes.     A wonderful story, nicely acted and nicely told.  Check out the bonus features. If you think Robin Williams is strange, wait until you see the real Patch Adams!.
B000AP04L0|5.0|This movie rocks.  Anybody who has a job should find it funny. Especially if you HATE your job.  lol.  Everytime I watch it, I find more things to laugh about.  The characters work so well together and remind me so much of people that I know in my own life.
B000CNFC76|5.0|Wow, here is another great golf movie. That's at least three in the past few years that I've really enjoyed, that were well-done, beautifully-filmed and inspirational. The other two were \\"Bobby Jones: Stroke of Genius\\" and \\"The Legend Of Bagger Vance.\\"     This is a true underdog story, if there ever was one. To have an amateur defeat all the professionals and win the United States Open Golf Tournament - which really did happen - is an unheard-of feat. Francis Ouimet's victory over golf legends Harry Vardon and Ted Ray is fact. It is an amazing story and the filmmakers did a super job in presenting it here. It isn't something just for golf fans; this is a fun movie. Kudso to actor-turned-director Bill Paxton for an outstanding job.    Shia LaBeouf is winsome as Ouimet as is Steven Dillane as Vardon. For those who don't know, Vardon was like the Tiger Woods of his day, maybe even more unbeatable. In the film, Vardon is pictured as a warm, nice guy; a genuine human being. the other major competitor, Ray (Stephen Marcus) is shown as somewhat of a brutish nasty guy.     The fourth main character of this golf story might be the coolest person in the film: a fifth-grade boy who winds up being Ouimet's caddie in the Open. He (Josh Flitter) brings a lot of humor and charm to the movie.    As with another sports film of 2005 - \\"Cinderella Man\\" - here is another excellent movie that got unjustly ignored when it came to awards. I guess nice films don't win awards.....just the hearts of their viewers.
075640407X|5.0|I read a lot of fantasy, and my family reads no fantasy, so it's very uncommon that I pass along a book to my family.  This is only the second series (GRRM being the first) I have forward to my family, it's that well written.<br /><br />95% of all book readers should enjoy this book.  I had a hard time setting this book down, and found myself thing about it at work.
B0000B1OFL|5.0|I wonder how many MINI Cooper automobiles were sold thanks to this movie? It couldn't help but add to the sales of this little car, which is featured in this film, along with an attractive cast.    The film doesn't overdo the violence, has a pretty intelligent script (with a few short exceptions). features interesting characters and is nicely firmed. The cat-and-mouse game between Edward Norton and  Charlize Theron's characters is suspenseful and fun to watch.    Once again, however, we are manipulated into rooting for criminals portrayed as \\"the good guys.\\" How many times has this happened since the days of \\"Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid\\" in the 1960s?  Yet, it still gets five stars because it is an extremely entertaining movie and it also doesn't overboard on the profanity or sex....and, yes, those little cars are cool. Everyone I've talked to who has seen this film, enjoyed it.
B000Q6GXW2|3.0|The quality of Movie is good overall.    I would not say crystal clear since there are many dark sceans in the moive which lead to digital noise or pixelated picture (lacking a better word, but i think you get the point)    I have a Sony XBR2 40 inch. I think it's a quality tv and my opinion about the movie is based on that TV.    Sit back and enjoy this movie..
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|I have been a lifelong fan of Jane Eyre. Introduced to the story via a Reader's Digest version encountered while still a child, I managed to get an unabridged copy and read it cover to cover, in spite of not understanding half the words. I've seen most of the movies made to date, and liked some of them. The 2007 Masterpiece Theatre production of Jane Eyre is without question one of the finest. It does commit the sin of modernizing the classic language, which some fans may find offensive, but more than atones by vitalizing the story with strong passions and wonderful performances by the entire cast, especially the two leads. It is without a doubt the most emotionally compelling version of this beloved novel, and improves on subsequent viewings.
B000RJO58M|5.0|This is one of the best HD DVDs I own.  The movie itself is excellent.  The HD DVD picture is right at the very top of the scale.  Plus it comes with loads and loads of extras.  I can't wait for these guys' next movie.
B00008G9JO|1.0|Dum-de dah-dee dah dah  ......  Totally absent from this heap of mediocrity .  As  exciting as a slow release of gas under one's seat . And about as meaningful .
B000TUXL2A|5.0|\\"Kill to Get Crimson\\" is another strong production from Mark Knopfler -- perhaps a bit slower and more meditative than his earlier solo albums, but recognizably Knopfler to the core.  There is no single song here with the instantly infectuous nature of, say, \\"Postcards from Paraguay,\\" but the new album is a compelling compilation of Knopfler compositions.  There may be no dazzling intricate solo guitar interludes, but Knopfler's guitar work on this album is nonetheless crisply solid.  As always, Mark Knopfler's lyrics are worth listening to again and again.  And I agree with those other reviewers who emphasize that to really appreciate this album requires multiple listenings.  I've been replaying it again and again since I bought it, and it seems each time through brings some new discovery.
B00006YXE4|5.0|[[ASIN:B00006SFLX Eric Clapton - One More Car One More Rider  I bought this CD/DVD for my sister as a birthday gift and decided one for myself. The DVD is superb! I have a decent audio/video set up and that DVD did not leave the DVD player for 3 weeks. I had front a row seat.  I will most certainly consider other Clapton music videos.
0743486285|5.0|Being A huge Nikki Sixx fan from the early 80's it was a great insight into his madness which is what made him so brilliant.  This is a must read for any die hare Motley fan.  This book is crungy, dirty it brings you into the depths of his hell.  It left me wanting more from the man himself.
B000T05R8Q|5.0|[[ASIN:B000T05R8Q The Piper at the Gates of Dawn]]<br />At last, the glorious, original Mono mix of this unmissable Floyd masterpiece is newly available, freshly (and excellently) remastered on CD!!!<br />For a long time I had heard persistent rumours that THIS was the true, genuine version of Pink Floyd's long-playing debut; Yet, this long overdue reissue proved to be my very first chance to actually HEAR it with my own ears.<br />To say the very least, and make a long story short, there's simply no comparison between this one and the flat, muddy sounding Stereo mix I've known (and deeply adored) for ages.<br />First of all, it must be noted that, in the mid-Sixties, records were still primarily mixed in Mono, only to be later converted to Stereo (still a young format, in those times) with results that were often a far cry from the original article (another obvious case being The Beatles' \\"Sgt. Pepper's..\\" album, also screaming for a Mono-reish!!!).<br />Everything sounds crispier and sharper here, light is brought back on countless details which the Stereo mix had mercilessly drawned and blackened out.<br />There is a wealth of keyboard parts, phasing effects and general directness which can only add up to the general dream-like, spaced-out atmosphere of the whole concept, not to mention to the poignancy of Syd Barret's words and phrasing.<br />I had never heard his guitar sound so mind-bending, or Rick Wright's organ so remarkable and crucial to the whole band's economy, for that matter.<br />And, as if this was not enough, there's two more CDs in this wonderfully packaged, cloth-bound edition.<br />Disc 2 features the familiar Stereo verion, while on the third disc sit all sides from the first three, seminal 1967 Barrett-era 45 RPM singles; Namely \\"Arnold Layne b/w Candy And A Currant Bun\\", \\"See Emily Play\\" (whose B-side \\"Scarecrow\\" can be found in the album's tracklist) and \\"Apples And Oranges b/w Paintbox\\", cornerstones of the sound of british Psychedelia, as well as some of the highest points of artistic expression rock music has ever achieved.<br />This is pure ART with block, capital letters, influential to countless generations that followed in its wake.<br />No sign of long-elusive, latter-day Syd outtakes such as \\"Scream Thy Last Scream\\" or \\"Vegetable Man\\", yet there are two alternate versions of \\"Interstellar Overdrive\\" (possibly the closest officially released approximation to how Floyd must have sounded like on stage back then), a stereo mix of \\"Apples And Oranges\\" and the original, previously unheard take of \\"Matilda Mother\\".<br />Throwing in a faithful reproduction of Syd Barrett's notebook for good measure, this release stands as an act of cultural and artistic justice to an immortal masterpiece; A no-nonsense feat, in a time of not always essential repackagings that, basically, only force fans to buy the same product several times over.of artistic expression rock music has ever achieved.  This is pure ART with block, capital letters, influential to countless generations that followed in its wake.  No sign of long-elusive, latter-day Syd outtakes such as \\"Scream Thy Last Scream\\" or \\"Vegetable Man\\", yet there are two alternate versions of \\"Interstellar Overdrive\\" (possibly the closest officially released approximation to how Floyd must have sounded like on stage back then), a stereo mix of \\"Apples And Oranges\\" and the original, previously unheard take of \\"Matilda Mother\\".  Throwing in a faithful reproduction of Syd Barrett's notebook for good measure, this release stands as an act of cultural and artistic justice to an immortal masterpiece; A no-nonsense feat, in a time of not always essential repackagings that, basically, only force fans to buy the same product several times over.
B0007Y08PQ|3.0|As Star Trek movies go, this one certainly is a contender for worst of the lot. While Star Trek V has always held the title of stinker, this one deserves a sport right next to it at the bottom of the pile. Almost every two part Next Generation episode was better than this.<br /><br />Of course, if you call yourself a Star Trek fan you have to own it. And maybe even watch it once or twice between gorging yourself on Wrath of Khan and Undiscovered Country.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|It's a movie with no dialog and indeed practically no sound except for the music.  It has an outlandish plot, and the entire story is episodically told in chunks themed to each song in sequence as they play on Daft Punk's album _Discovery_.  It does not have a conventional pace for a movie.  ...Anyway, you get the picture.  If you expect anything close to a normal movie, you'll hate your life until you stop watching this.  But if you don't carry expectations into seeing this very unique movie, chances are you'll find it charming, clever, unserious, and a great (hokey) adventure.
B000J10EQU|4.0|In one sentence \\"good, but could have been better.\\"    Overall, this updated Superman - the first since the Christopher Reeve versions a generation ago, is decent but too bland.    What this new series needs is some \\"cool\\" villains, people fun to watch such as the three escapees from Krypton in Superman II. This series needs a spark that Spacey's \\"Luthor\\" didn't deliver. Add more humor, too. The other films had some laugh- out-loud scenes. Give Olsen and Perry some personality. Jack Larson's \\"Olsen\\" back on the TV series provided a lot of humor to the show. Get Perry White stirred up. Loosen up Brandon Routh (Superman) and make his character a little more fun, too. This movie would have been so much better with a lot more humor.    Kate Bosworth not only is, by far, the prettiest Lois Lane ever, but portrays Lois in a likable fashion. That was nice to see. As for  Routh being the new Superman, I have no complaints. He reminded me a lot of a young Christopher Reeve. I liked the fact that although they played up Superman's feelings toward Lois, they didn't overdo it. They didn't have stupid lines like in 1978 with Superman proving his x-ray vision by telling Lois what color her panties were. In other words, this relationship was not corny or stupid as I felt the Reeve-Margot Kidder one was. Let's hope it stays that way.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|If you love Daft Punk, you need this. If you love anime and Daft Punk, you definitely need this. I love both anime and Daft Punk so this was a special treat for me. The music combined with the bizarre storyline is fantastic! There are no voices in the music videos but it makes the story and the music pop even more. This dvd is worth every cent and if you don't already own it, buy it.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|This story is a lot more appealing now that it's out on DVD. It looks and sounds super. The colors are bold, bright and just plain gorgeous. The sound separation is excellent. If you have a nice surround system, you'll be pleasantly surprised with this.    The story is nothing extraordinary but decent with a lot of subtle humor mixed in with it, mainly with the talking objects in the castle. Little \\"teacup\\" is the cutest of the characters. The songs, with the exception of the title tune and a Busby Berkeley-type number, are nothing to write home about.    Still, when you look at the whole picture, this is a solid movie and probably one of the Disney's all-time best animated movies.
B00008WT5J|1.0|This is a \\"nothing\\" album. If you wanna get it fort the only three new songs, and pay the price of an album with only originals, go and get it.(the same hideous thing they did in \\"74 Jailbreak\\").<br /><br /> But don't come saying this is a \\"masterpiece\\" ,or even this is a \\"greatest hits\\".<br /><br />It's almost useless in the AC/DC catalogue.
6305263248|5.0|Here's another of my favorite films, movies that get better and better with each viewing. One thing I've always enjoyed here from the first time I saw this movie is it features the best (and longest!) car chase scene I've ever seen on film.    But the movie is far more than just spectacular car chases. It offers an interesting story that remains interesting with each viewing. That's because it's a bit confusing, a la \\"Mission Impossible,\\" so each time you see it ,you figure more and more out. There also are tons of twists to this crime story.    It also features a wonderful international cast: American Robert De Niro, Frenchman Jean Reno, Britain's Sean Bean and Natascha McElhone (both of whom are better playing Irishmen, as they do here) and Swede Stellan Skargsgard. All of them are top-flight actors, as you know. As a bonus, we get to see Olympic skating champion Katarina Witt, from Germany.    The French scenery - rural and urban - is also terrific. The action is not overdone and - last but not least - the soundtrack is outstanding.    This is  the first DVD I ever bought, back in 1999, and it is still one of the best - a high quality crime movie.
0553208845|5.0|Fantastic book. Deep, interesting, profound. I read it every few years and it has never let me down.
B000OYC7A8|5.0|I saw the Simulcast theatrical launch of this DVD last weekend at a local movie theater.  It was fantastic.  They live Satellite Simulcast an opening and closing interview set piece with David and band mates in a movie house in England, wrapping around a 'theatrical' cut of the DVD.  The concert footage and music were spectacular.  But I have to say that I almost enjoyed the 'On Island Tour' documentary footage even more than the show footage.  Great interviews and wow what great locations for the tour shows.    A must for Floyd/Gilmour fans.    Irony is the spice of life footnote:    Turns out that completely coincidentally and unbeknownst to each other, David and Roger both booked separate studios in the same Music Studio in England, when David was rehearsing for his tour.  There is a small piece where they meet and talk briefly on the grounds of the studio.    Enjoy everyone.
B00005JPLW|1.0|300 is an example of a Director so obsessed with the technical aspects of the film that he forgets the most important ingredient, that of the performances.    The acting in the film is dire. Lena Headey is appallingly bad as the Queen. Her diction and enunciation are so poor that Drama Teachers of yesteryear must be turning in their graves. He listless interpretation could hardly have been less regal.     Gerard Butler and his six-pack cohorts all look good but to a man their performances are all poorly developed and flaccid.    The Directorial immaturity on display here is a microcosm of what is happening in Hollywood today. Young Directors in love with Technical craft seem unaware of the Actor and his all important performance. Just by listening to the child-like commentary by Zack Snyder gives the game away. He talks endlessly about the effects, when the set ends and the green screen begins, how long it took an actor to get made-up but nothing about his direction or the actor's performance. This is simply because he understands neither.    The Computer Generated Effects, which Zack holds in such high regard, are pretty poor in the early scenes. The wolf is so badly done that it allows the effects that follow to appear impressive.    This only goes to show that the Actor and his/her performance is still the most important aspect of any film and however much icing is poured onto the final negative.
B000N4SHPS|4.0|Like so many, I was pleasantly surprised at this movie. It captured the appeal of the original Rocky and also uniquely came into its own. Hats off to Mr. Stallone, who reminded us about the greatness of this character, and why we loved him so when he first appeared. Once again, the character of Rocky has stirred the hearts of many in this final segment with his kindness, his endurance and his courage. I love the closing scenes when the credits are shown. As comical as it may seem to some, it captures the essence of the movie and how it has inspired many to overcome difficult obstacles. The character of Rocky is truly an American  phenomenon, and this final film is a more than suitable memorial and tribute to it.
B00004YA66|5.0|Note: Some immature Mormon has been slamming my reviews almost as soon as they are posted because of my negative reviews of books defending the Book of Mormon (see Hugh Nibley's books, others).<br /><br />So, your \\"helpful\\" vote is greatly appreciated. Thanks, and note that a short review is not necessarily a bad review if it leads you to a great movie or book.<br /><br />I love \\"Frequency,\\" a story about communication across time using a ham radio (the 1950s to the 1980s). A father and son talk to each other, and alternate futures await them.<br /><br />Enough said, this film is a grabber and a great example of how to build characters have a compelling plot, and all without excessive violence. It's a great murder mystery--I don't want to give anymore away--make it so long you won't want to see the movie.<br /><br />The other thing that makes the movie great is that the action is subordinate to the plot. Too many movies today are all action and little or no plot. I long for the day when special effects and action are kept in balance and don't override the plot.<br /><br />If you like time-travel stories, read the \\"Far Arena,\\" where a Roman gladiator is cut out of the ice in the North Sea and revived. Kind of a reverse time-travel theme, but one of the best novels I ever read. Highly recommended by a big-time reader.<br /><br />Far Arena, by Ben Sapir<br />[[ASIN:0440126711 Far Arena]]<br /><br />Also, for a good time-travel and romance movie, see \\"Kate and Leopold\\" with Meg Ryan.<br />[[ASIN:B0000640VN Kate & Leopold]]
1401300901|4.0|I bought this because Gerard Butler is starring in the movie version coming out in December 2007. The book was very enjoyable and a quick read. You'll laugh and you'll cry.
0743496728|4.0|I had thought that Jodi Picoult novel My Sister's Keeper was the best of her literary works until I read her latest novel, Nineteen Minutes. Again she was meticulous in developing the plots, scenes, and the characters. The story held my attention, although I found that the ending was predictable, but it was still a pleasure to read this novel.     If you're not aware of the storyline I'll briefly cover it now. On morning in the town of Sterling, New Hampshire, Alex Cormier's rushes off to her job as a judge. In the mean time teenagers are attending the Sterling High School when shots are fired and 10 students are left dead. (I thought 10 dead bodies was bit too much) Like Columbine, this town is in a state of shock and everyone is wondering the big Why? Why would someone do something like this? Why did this horrible crime happen here? And the Why's go on. Here Picoult excels in developing the emotions of the families that have lost a family member and those families that had escaped the slaughter. Still, Picoult takes the reader down the path to get an insight into the minds and the guilt felt by the parents of the shooter.     This novel covers a sensitive social issue and can be a let down to some if not kept in the right context. I tend to enjoy novels that give my senses a warm feeling when I'm finished. But still this is a fine read.
B0009IOR6Q|5.0|The documentary, \\"It Came From Baltimore\\" warrants giving this DVD five (5) stars -- an opportunity to hear from the producers, writers, actors, etc., what this was all about. Hearing the folks talk to Traci Lords, that going to prison is not that big a deal, is absolutely hilarious!   Having said that, \\"Cry Baby\\" will only really appeal to a small audience; the movie is reaching cult status.  If you are thinking about buying it, consider renting it first.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|It has been months since I last watched this movie. Emma Thompson's performance comes first to mind whenever think of it now, and I think of it often. When she stood in the bedroom, distraught, wiping tears from her face, wondering if her husband was unfaithful, I cry too. She stood there silently, in one spot, wiping her tears with the palms and backs of her hands--as if she expected this episode of distress to be brief. The simple gesture that she made of smoothing out the bed covers while trying to recover was just perfect. Joni Michell's background music seems to have been written especially for this scene. Whenever I see Laura Linney now, in any other role, I immediately like her, even before recognizing her, because I carry over a love for her character in this movie. She plays a sister who is so maternal in her relationship with her institutionalized brother that her own love affair is affected by his unstable demands, reflecting on the possibility of her own mental insecurity, while also purveying the strength of true family love. And wait until you see Rodrigo Santoro! Beauty personified, and great acting, too. The young Brit with the fantasy of going to America to find a girl who will love him despite his shortcomings is just so funny. Liam Neeson's character's dying wife jokingly told him that he could marry Claudia Shiffer after her death, and it is interesting how that foretelling plays out, though I had difficulty believing his stepson's behavior following his mothers death. There are so many delightful components of this movie. Many types of love--romantic, platonic, maternal, etc.--are presented in both humorous and poignant ways. Seemingly disparate situations are connected in various ways. Colin Firth is wonderful and his romantic affair is storybook perfect; Hugh Grant as Prime Minister is surprisingly believable and politically satisfying. The story of the newly married couple and the secret of the groom's best friend is so beautiful and poignant. Wonderful.
B0000844M8|4.0|Propelled by Matt Munro's Sinatra-esque rendition of the memorable title tune, this family-friendly nature film directed by James Hill was a must-see when it was originally released in 1966. Four decades later, the song has become a anthem-like clich&eacute; for all subsequent animal-freeing stories, and I'm actually surprised at the implied graphic nature of some of the scenes, in particular, the opening lion attack which spurs  British game warden George Adamson to kill the man-eating parents of Elsa and her two sister cubs. However, the heart of the story is still his wife Joy's true-story account of raising and freeing Elsa into the wild to survive rather than suffer the fate of her siblings who are exiled to the Rotterdam Zoo. The stunning Kenya locations and carefully trained lions bring this involving story to life, but credit should also be given to Virginia McKenna's proud, touching performance as Joy.<br /><br />McKenna makes us see Elsa through her eyes as she mothers the cub only to be forced to come to terms with what the animal's natural instincts should be. Bill Travers, McKenna's real-life husband, plays George, though he is there mostly to be Joy's support system. Because the film only runs a brief 95 minutes, the story can feel episodic and disjointed, giving precious little time to related plot points such as George's drug dependency from malaria and how Joy's reasoning is clouded by her focused affection for Elsa. Fleshing out these aspects could have made for a more rounded portrait of the Adamsons. As it stands, it is still a stunningly photographed adventure film documentary-like in cinematic style but leavened by its heartfelt approach. It's no wonder McKenna and Travers remained active in the conservation movement for years afterward. The 2002 DVD offers a relatively clean print, though the wear-and-tear is still evident, and trailers for the film and its 1972 sequel, [[ASIN:B0000844M7 Living Free]].
076781326X|5.0|There may have be a few versions of OLIVER produced over the years but this version is definitely the best. The casts, the choreography, the musical etc are simply first class, soothing and most nostalgic. Strongly recommended for those who remember the famous line \\" Sir, I want more\\"...
0385733577|4.0|Not the most original plot in the world, which is why I gave this 4 stars instead of 5.  Let's face it, similar storylines have been done before.  Twin brother and sister discover they have untapped magical powers and have to be trained by immortal alchemist Nicolas Flamel and his sorceress wife Perenelle to save the world from another famous immortal magician, the evil Dr. John Dee.  Reminded me a bit too much of PB Kerr's Children of the Lamp series.    That aside, I enjoyed the book.  Scott clearly spent a great deal of time researching various points of history, legend, mythology, and folklore from cultures across the world and did a wonderful job of weaving them all together to lay the foundation for this story.  The heroes are likable and the villains properly loathsome.      I enjoyed that Scott wrapped up the events of this story in a fairly tidy way, inducing anticipation of the next book with some notions of what might happen next without an abrupt cliffhanger.         Looking forward to book 2, but not foaming at the mouth for it.  Hence the 4 stars.
B000TUXL2A|4.0|47 of 62 people found the following review<br />&#34;I wonder if there's no forever<br />No walking hand in hand<br />Down a yellow brick road<br />To never never land<br />These days I get to where I'm going<br />Make it there eventually<br />Follow the trail of breadcrumbs<br />To where I'm meant to be &#34;<br />Mark Knopfler<br /><br />'True Love Will Never Fade' is a quintessential Mark Knopfler song. It has the wonderful tune and the lyrics that paint a picture. 'Kill To Get Crimson' is a CD that takes a painter's palatte and tries to get that certain color, Crimson. The album cover pictures a woman wanting to buy a red scooter. A very Enlish album is what we are told, much different than a CD made here in the US. To my ears this is a magical CD full of images and pictures reflections of various times in a life. The theme and the music are, however, tried and true Mark Knopfler.<br /><br />The CD is soft country rock songs with the voice and guitar we have come to love. 12 songs written and sung by Mark Knopfler. Most of them tell a story, an autobiograhy maybe of the 60's?<br /><br />The first single is ' True Love Will Never Fade' - my favorite,a love song.<br /><br />'The Scaffolder's Wife' an aging spouse in ballad form.<br /><br />Scottish folk song of a down and outer in 'Heart Full of Holes'.<br /><br />'We Can get Wild'- 'listen now right here, it is gonna be a beautiful year'- we can get wild.<br /><br />'Secondary Waltz'- dance lesson for the school Christmas party- don't we all remember those dance lessons?<br /><br />'Punish The Monkey' sounds like an old Dire Straits song-it is a rollin', rockin' song--punish the monkey let the organ grinder go.<br /><br />'Madame Geneva'-writer of ballads, a basker's saga it is told.<br /><br />'In The Sky'-home from the sea, far away from here, weathered a storm,part of the fray, crossed every ocean in the boat thatyou made.<br /><br />&#34;Three decades after Dire Straits broke onto the scene with their remarkable debut, Mark Knopfler remains an iconic figure in popular music, his graceful guitar playing equaled only by his genial baritone and a novelist's ability to create distinct characters and themes in his songs, with its vagabond pensiveness. If you like Marks husky voice accompanied by a soaring guitar then this album is for you. It is perfect listening for a cold winters night when the curtains are drawn and the log fire is burning&#34;. Scott Holter<br /><br />Mark Knopfler has always brought the life of a balladeer to the fore. His guitar and husky voice have the trademark of a singer that yearns to be heard. This CD is soothing and rockin' and the rhythm, beat,gentle flow of Knopfler's guitar make a glorious CD.<br /><br />Highly Recommended. prisrobble debut, Mark Knopfler remains an iconic figure in popular music, his graceful guitar playing equaled only by his genial baritone and a novelist's ability to create distinct characters and themes in his songs, with its vagabond pensiveness. If you like Marks husky voice accompanied by a soaring guitar then this album is for you. It is perfect listening for a cold winters night when the curtains are drawn and the log fire is burning&#34;. Scott Holter<br /><br />Mark Knopfler has always brought the life of a balladeer to the fore. His guitar and husky voice have the trademark of a singer that yearns to be heard. This CD is soothing and rockin' and the rhythm, beat,gentle flow of Knopfler's guitar make a glorious CD.<br /><br />Highly Recommended. prisrob
0124297854|5.0|To put it shortly, if you're an organic chemistry graduate student the just go ahead and buy this book. It will be the most used book in your personal library. Also, if you are an undergraduate working in a research lab buy it as well. You'll have a huge jump on the other graduate students when you go to grad school having been familiar with this book.
0761145613|5.0|This is my eighth year buying this calendar and I don't know what I'd do without it!!  There's plenty of room to write appointments for each family member, no more trying to squeeze it all in, and I have loved Sandra Boynton's quirky cartoons since before I even had kids.  My only quibble is that the shiny cardstock does not take pencil very well, and I never write anything on a calendar in ink.  I solved this problem last Christmas when my husband bought me a Brother P-touch label maker--now I just print a little label for each appointment, which can be removed easily if there's a change.  (It isn't as time consuming as you might think--it works especially well for repeating appointments like sports practices and monthly meetings.)  If they ever stop making this calendar, I will be in BIG trouble!!
B000KKPN5C|5.0|I learned of the existence of this tiny Speedlight via Ken Rockwell's outstanding website; he gave it a glowing review, so I decided to get one for my outfit.<br /><br />Rockwell scores yet again!<br /><br />This little flash unit is a perfect match for the Nikon D40; it's efficient, light, compact, powerful, and digests AA batteries in a very miserly fashion (and also saves your camera's onboard battery while doing so).<br /><br />It's utility as a bounce flash is wonderful to behold; matched with the wondrous Nikon flash technology, it is capable of producing extremely pleasant, lifelike images devoid of that \\"death beam glare\\" of direct flash.<br /><br />Plus it easily triggers my slaved Vivitar 285s to produce truly professional results.<br /><br />If you have a D40 or similar digital Nikon SLR, I urge you to get one of these little cuties which slips easily into a corner of your gadget bag (and yes, it comes with a high-quality padded zip case to keep it looking brand new)...<br /><br />Highly and heartily recommended to one and all!
0743486285|4.0|I just finished this book and it is a haunting read.  I knew going in it would be interesting to read about a year in the life of an addicted rock star, and it definitely came through in that way.  I would put this book in the \\"you can't put it down\\" category.  I had some bad dreams while reading this book as well.  As an aspiring rock songwriter and musician, I could identify with that side of Nikki Sixx, and I've met my share of rockers like him.  A difficult childhood helped him down the path to becoming a true monster out to destroy everything in his path.  Money, instead of being the answer to his problems only fueled his fire. His story shows how important it is to love children and to only bring them into the world if you are ready to love them.  But the obstacles he had to overcome in childhood made him a more insightful songwriter. Because of this, I did occasionally find myself feeling sympathetic for the spoiled little brat writing these diaries, and gained a new respect for the music he wrote, music of which I've never considered myself a fan.    Incredibly, despite all the horrible things that happened to Nikki, and then the torment he leashed out on others, he has been able to thrive in Motley Crue and other bands.  It's really amazing to me that he never caught (by the police) for what he's done and that people continuously turned a blind eye to his antics because he was laying the golden eggs.  He says in interviews that he hasn't done heroin in 20 years, but also reveals in the book that he continued to slip when it came to cocaine and other drugs, so it's hard to hold him up as a hero, but saying that, I still really respect him as a human who continues to fight his demons.    I really enjoyed the art direction of the book.  It brought you into the nightmare world of Sixx's diaries.  I have also ventured far enough to listen to his new music with Sixx AM, and their single is much better than I expected it to be.  His new single seems more influenced by his favorite bands like Queen and current artists like Muse.    My favorite parts of the book were the later commentary by the other people around him.  I would have liked to have had even more of that, and will probably read The Dirt next to get more context.
B0009H1CKG|4.0|not the best concert but it's cool tio see how p funk, george and the gang still party kendra's hot even though I herard more chaotic versions of bounce to this you wanna live p funk party check oput 420 fm alive in spain. you wanna see p funk in numerous performances go to youtrube this group was no joke.
B000Q6GUTI|5.0|This is truly an excellent film , containing many twists which I consider a must in retaining my interest. Would recommend this movie to anyone
B000002KB8|4.0|very good debut love the first song ozzy, and company lets you know what they're about we know who they serve dare you to listen to this while under the influence if you really wanna trip out do drugs while playing this and sun ra, zeppilin, beatles, hendrix, and p funk.
B000TUXL0W|4.0|Straight from the promo sticker on the MVI (Music Video Interactive) Region Free DVD + Bonus CD James Blunt 'All The Lost Souls' package --<br /><br />The MVI DVD Contains:<br />-The Full Album<br />-Portable Music Files<br />-Video Content<br />-Interactive Features<br /><br />PC/MAC Compatible<br /><br />*Package also contains bonus CD<br /><br />MVI Includes:<br />-\\"1973\\" Video<br />-Exclusive 30 Minute Interview<br />-Return To Kosovo Trailer<br />-Wallpaper/Icons<br />-Ringtones<br />-Lyrics<br />-Photo Gallery<br />-And Other Bonus Material!<br /><br />A few of my own notes, based on this purchase --<br /><br />First of all, I cannot find the portable music files that this MVI claims on the sticker.  Perhaps I'm missing it somewhere, but I cannot find them.  It's no big deal anyway, since the bonus CD is simply just the CD version of the album, which is a nice bonus for those people who wish to listen to the album on a CD player.  Also, having the CD gives one the ability to rip portable music files anyway.<br /><br />The music presented on the MVI DVD is high quality stereo, not 5.1 audio as originally advertised.  Fortunately, the MVI allows one to scroll through the different menus while listening to the music.  Registering this MVI disc via e-mail address and name will give access to an exclusive extra of \\"Annie [Live From The Garden Shed]\\", a track which appears as a b-side on international pressings of the '1973' single.<br /><br />I must note, however, that accessing this extra live cut of \\"Annie\\" was a bit tricky at first.  I was led to believe that my registration would be activated through my e-mail.  That was not the case, so make sure that the registration is being activated immediately by clicking the appropriate registration tab.  The live cut of \\"Annie\\" presented here is a real special extra, since I think it's a highlight song on the album.  It's stunning in both it's original version and it's live cut, which is simply a quiet acoustic version without any audience backing.<br /><br />By registering this MVI one can receive updated information and bonus material with an Internet connection.<br /><br />Overall, I highly recommend this MVI release of 'All The Lost Souls' over just the regular CD edition.  The interview, bonus features, and live track are a nice addition to the otherwise standard audio CD.  My only complaint is the lack of 5.1 audio, which I was really looking foward to with this release.  Still, I cannot complain too much with all these features.  I'm looking forward to more MVI releases!!!terial with an Internet connection.      Overall, I highly recommend this MVI release of 'All The Lost Souls' over just the regular CD edition.  The interview, bonus features, and live track are a nice addition to the otherwise standard audio CD.  My only complaint is the lack of 5.1 audio, which I was really looking foward to with this release.  Still, I cannot complain too much with all these features.  I'm looking forward to more MVI releases!!!
B000FA57RG|1.0|boy madonna did it all broke every taboo, joined every satanic cult, slept with every man and woman in hollyhwood and put out crappy cd's since 82 yeah madonna you wrote a book about sex paving the way for little trampy singers like britney, and christina yeah way to go you have 2 kids by different fathers been married twicve and made crappy movies go madonna.
B000G8NY4U|4.0|Wow , what a great concert ! I really liked the variations made to cetain tracks. At the same time would have loved it more if they played songs from the recent albums than the ones used in the Acropolis concert.
1400063515|4.0|I think Mr. Barett's review is the most thorough and balanced I have read.  I enjoyed the book -- struggled to find a lesson to use at the end of it-- enjoyed the research and intellect involved.
0596007124|4.0|If you are working, if you don't have too much time to invert in learning, or if you feel that leraning something new is very difficult for you, then this book may help you. When i started reading it, the book traped me, and all that stuff (that the book does) to keep your atention focused works.    The book says on the first pages that there will be repeated things, with the purpose of helping you to GET the concepts, and not forGET them later. Besides that trick, there are other aids and ideas to achieve that (text written very near -or inside- images, exercises and more).
B000R7HY0K|1.0|Don't waste your time with this version. Wait for the complete original release of the theatrical version.  IT IS ALL ABOUT MILKING MORE MONEY out of the public...and just because they are offering a 2 disc set, it's STILL not enough.  Everyone, PLAY THE WAITING GAME until they with the ORIGINAL theatrical release, with the extras.
B000R7HY0K|3.0|There's 2 ways you can see it when you watch a film like Death Proof or Planet Terror on their own, either see it as a separated half from a larger whole or a film onto itself without its companion to support it. Either way you look at it, it's probably the most disappointing of Quentin's films and probably the lesser half of the Grindhouse double bill. There is a couple of things to recommend about it but for me, this was simply an okay movie whether attached or on its own.    Stuntman Mike (Kurt Russell) has a real fixation with girls and the way he gets out his obsession is ramming into them with his \\"death proof\\" car, a car fitted for dangerous stunts and crashes. Once he's finished with the first trio of girls (Vanessa Ferlito, Jordan Ladd, Sydney Tamiaa Poitier), he goes after movie set workers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Rosario Dawson, Zoe Bell, Tracie Thoms).     That's pretty much the entire film in a nutshell and it's kind of hard to get into detail and specifics because there isn't any. Mind you this film is a tribute to 70's era movies so you can't really be too criticizing of a film like this. But then again you watch the film and find much to nitpick. For one, the film is just way too long yet it's probably one of his shortest movies if you count Kill Bill films as one gigantic one. While in Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction, those natural conversations about Madonna's \\"Like a Virgin\\" and Royale with Cheese burgers felt realistic and even fascinating to hear, in this film these chicks just talk and talk meaninglessly. While the payoffs are exciting, the loooong leadup to them feel frustrating.    As a guy, it's kind of fun to watch a film which is essentially dominated mainly by women. Some of them fair better (Dawson, McGowan and Winstead, mainly cause she's just so cute) while some (Bell, Thoms, Poitier) are either annoying and wish somebody would tell them to shut up or they're cute but little else of substance. But the main draw of course is Kurt Russell. Quentin sure likes to cast great leading men who deliver excellent performances like Robert Forster in Jackie Brown or David Carradine in Kill Bill and again with Russell who plays menace and cool, easygoing demeanors.    Ultimately, you have to watch Death Proof with a feeling like you're missing the second half, same if you were to watch Planet Terror without seeing this after it. While it's obvious they were separated for money reasons, it's hard to tell if they're good films on their own or not enough in one to warrant a watch. As such, Death Proof has some goods but not without its bads either.
B00005JPQR|5.0|Usually when you see a hyped up movie, you walk in with high expectation and a film very rarely rises to the challenge.  But Bourne Ultimatum exceeded my expectation and left me wanting more.  Damon is so good as Jason Bourne, that one would argue that he was born to play this character.  Sure this man flies around the world at the speed of light, but the action scenes are so intense and feels so real.  I especially love how they tied the ending to two into the third act of three.  Just excellent writting.  Overall: Highly, highly recommended.
B000HWZ4CA|5.0|As a Regular french Customer, I never found that movie in My Country. I've been looking for that movie since 10-12 years. At last I found it here. About the movie, Sergeant York is a Wonderful film. Gary Cooper is really fantastic playing that simple man, tortured between duty and personal convictions.    An Absolute \\"has to be seen\\" movie.
B000O599WG|5.0|I've compared the picture on the original \\"Rio Bravo\\" DVD to this new release, and it's obvious to me why Warner hasn't claimed on any of its advertising--not on the packaging, the case, nor the product description on this site--that the picture has been improved.  Notice the absence of such phrases as \\"digitally remastered\\" and \\"all-new digital transfer\\" and \\"new digital transfer from restored elements.\\"  In my experience, every time the picture has been noticeably improved, the distributor of the new release advertises that fact.  Therefore, to all owners of the original DVD: Don't buy this new release solely because you believe the picture will be noticeably better.  It won't be.  Buy it for the additional special features or because you believe no self-respecting fan of John Wayne, the classic Western, or movies should be without it.  (I would buy it for all these reasons, which is why I give it all those stars.)    To the rest of you: You don't own \\"Rio Bravo\\" on DVD already, but you ought to.  And you're probably about to, otherwise you wouldn't be here.  If you're not a diehard fan of either John Wayne or the Western genre, and if it's still available, you won't sacrifice much by getting the original DVD.  On the other hand, I just bought the new 2-disc special edition at Wal-Mart for under $12.  At that price I recommend everyone buy the new release.
B000UJ24SC|5.0|Wow, I didn't think these guys could possibly get any more manic and still maintain the all important horror movie-like melodies. This album absolutely crushes Miasma, which is no small feat. There's just so much more going on.
0374105235|3.0|[[ASIN:0374105235 A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier]]<br /><br />The story is best read after viewing \\"Blood Diamonds\\" on History Channel or reading the book \\"Blood Diamonds\\".<br /><br />The facinating story adds to the true picture of the times and time still occurring in central Africa.<br /><br />Facts are, I can purchase gold from Ghana being taken from a closed mine.<br /><br />The \\"Precious ... \\" trade will thrive and does poverty and educational blight.<br /><br />The book is an inteeresting look at what happened and is happening.  Times have changed: The book points out, people haven't.
0385340559|5.0|If you somehow got your hands on a copy of Bad Luck & Trouble and have NOT read the previous Jack Reacher tales, stop and begin with The Killing Floor.  Lucky you!<br />  Having said that, Bad Luck & Trouble is yet another very satisfying installment in the series.  I sincerely hope that Lee Child continues to be inspired by his character and the interesting settings that Jack Reacher finds himself in.<br />  This story is fresh, edge of the seat entertainment that we fans have come to expect.  Mr Child does not disappoint!.
B000R7HY0K|2.0|The first half of this movie is great. Four would-be victims babble and drink and do lap dances and flirt and smoke pot and tease guys and tease each other, awesome vintage tunes playing on an old jukebox, and the most interesting element: a look as if it were a cheaply made \\"grindhouse\\" flick, with spots on the screen and visible mistakes and sound problems and jump-cuts and skips as if it were a broken record. The middle of the film provides a great death scene introducing a great new killer: a hotrod wheeling freddy kruger and now we're ready with our beltbuckles on to have a heck of a ride. But then... something happens. The spots on the film go away. All of the sudden, everything is clear. Too clear. There is no more of that grindhouse cheap movie look from the first half. And instead of now rolling with this new bad guy we get introduced to four new girls, more cleancut and talky, and annoying. Too much dialog and hey, where's the bad guy? Where's his car? We get to see it once during a somewhat boring scene that provides a bridge between both parts of the film, but then that's it until we see him once in a diner, and then at the very end. Tarantino worked up a great course for the first half and then served us a very bad dessert. The killer turns out to be a useless crybaby, the new would-be victims turn out to be karate babe heroes, the car, which the movie is named after, is hardly even shown, and we, the audience, has to suffer through it. But the thing that blows me away is how QT totally abandoned the cheap grindhouse look that made the first half so cool, and then left us with characters who we not only dislike, but who talk so much there's no time to think. QT, you screwed up a good thing. Must be all that money you got in the bank, or something. You need to get hungry again buddy. I was enjoying this movie, and then ended up feeling robbed, and betrayed. Imagine Freddy Kruger or Jason Vorhees or Michael Myers or Norman Bates or the shark in JAWS absent through most of the last half of the films in which they \\"star\\" as killers. You can't imagine it, can you? Well... in this film, it happens. In fact, come to think of it, Kurt Russell's character \\"Stuntman Mike\\", and his death proof car, are hardly in the movie at all.t through most of the last half of the films in which they \\"star\\" as killers. You can't imagine it, can you? Well... in this film, it happens. In fact, come to think of it, Kurt Russell's character \\"Stuntman Mike\\", and his death proof car, are hardly in the movie at all.
6305308659|5.0|Watched this movie to supplement a literture read for high school kids they enjoyed watching it and the DVD was in great condition.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|The quality of the DVD is beyond my expectation, the extras are great! (Although they are a bit difficult to find) I love the commentaries and behind the scenes and every extra they provided, they are not only entertaining but also containing many interesting information, like folklores, legends, and what the directors/producers do when filming the show...from these I can see how they treat their fans, and it makes me, a big SN fan, feel so happy.     It's worth buying, even  from the other side of the pacific ocean! :-)
B000OYC7A8|5.0|I'm with the 5-star bunch. The 1-star's... well, shouldn't they at lest see the DVD before bashing it. Rodger is out, his solo stuff sucked! David is an accomplished musician. Anyone with an ear for music knows that. Sorry boys, David still sales out larger venues like The Royal Albert Hall. Rodger can only sit back and wish.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Any Hip-Hop fan can tell you 2007 has been an unusually weak year for the genre, so maybe thats part of why Graduation is such an easy album to love. But regardless of if this was the best year for hip hop or not, Graduation would still stand out, as Kanye West puts out a record that has little to no filler and some serious killers, making Graduation, in my opinion, the best of his three albums so far, even over \\"The College Dropout\\". The album is definitely a West record, making heavy use of samples (nine out of the thirteen tracks sample at least one song), but this time West is more adventurous, sampling from artists like popular French House band Daft Punk on the second single, \\"Stronger\\", as well as using stuff ranging from Michael Jackson to alternative band Can. These completely different genres fused into Hip Hop are a big reason why a lot of the songs on Graduation seem fresher than anything thats come out of the genre in a while.     West is his usual outspoken, flawed but likeable, self on the album, and theres really a wide array of topics discussed throughout the thirteen tracks. The album starts with \\"Good Morning\\" a great intro song to the album that has a somewhat light hearted vibe. Champion comes next and is highlighted by a sample from Kid Charlemagne, and some of West's best rapping on the album. The single \\"Stronger\\" follows, and is definitely a highlight for me of the album. Some were quick to diss this when it came out for the unusual mixing of techno/house into hip-hop, but like I said before its these kind of odd pairings that really make Graduation stand out. The song has a sick beat, and some fun lyrics that find Ye searching for his \\"black Kate Moss\\" and telling all his haters \\"that that don't kill me, can only make me stronger.\\" \\"I Wonder\\" is up next, and is driven by a hell of a great sample. The song is very unusual and has a dream like quality about it, with West taking his time before finally getting a real flow going. Because of this the song can seem a tad tedious at times, but it overall ends up being a standout on the album.    Moving on, the too-amazing-for-words third single, \\"Good Life\\", really sends Graduation's greatness into the stratosphere. Undoubtedly my favorite track on the album, it will no question be the \\"Gold Digger\\" song of the album at radio, and what can I say this song just fails to get old for me. The beat, the unusual incorporation of a sped up sample from Michael Jackson's PYT, the feel good \\"Throw Your Hands Up in the sky\\" lyrics, just make this track pure mainstream hip hop genius in my opinion. What's so great is that the track doesn't seem like it was made with the sole intention to cater to radio like so many songs these days seem to be (I'm looking at you Ayo Technology), and yet it ends up being the catchiest song I've heard all year. T-Pain fits in great on the song as well, as he and west talk about the \\"good life\\" of fame and fortune. Oh and the music video is incredible too. The album's first single \\"Cant Tell Me Nothing\\" follows, and while its hardly the best track on the album, it's memorable, and does a good job at summing up Kanye's 'I'll do what I wanna do' personality. Graduation hits its weakest patch with the next two tracks \\"Barry Bonds\\" and \\"Drunk and Hot Girls\\", although neither songs are bad. \\"Barry Bonds\\" features Lil Wayne and is interesting but sort of forgettable, and \\"Drunk and Hot Girls\\" has a very slow and drawn out beat, and is probably the worst track on the album, yet still kind of entertaining.     \\"Flashing Lights\\" brings the album back up, and is another favorite of mine. The song has a very slick, addictive rhythm and beat, and Dwele sounds great in the song. A very R&Bish track that is different from anything else on the album. \\"Everything I Am\\" shows West at his vulnerable side, as he raps \\"I never be picture perfect Beyonce\\" and spits about how people want to try and say what he should be, but Ye's response is \\"everything I'm notmade me everything I am.\\" It's a notable, very laid back track. \\"The Glory\\" follows, and is possibly the most sample heavy song on the album. West spits about how the glory of fame effects him, and the track is catchy, but can get somewhat repetitive by the end. \\"Homecoming is a shout out to Ye's home town Chicago, and features the unusual pairing of Coldplay singer Chris Martin with West. The song is radio ready and likely to be a future single, and though I do like the track, I would have preferred someone like John Legend singing Chris Martin's parts. The closing track \\"Big Brother\\" probably contains the best lyrics on the album and is an ode to West's mentor Jay-Z. A likely to be fan favorite with some heart felt lyrics and some superb rapping by West.     Overall \\"Graduation\\" is easily the number one Hip-Hop album of 2007 so far in my book, and wraps up Ye's \\"school\\" themed trilogy nicely. Kanye shows that by just doing some experimenting Hip Hop can be evolved, and doesn't have to be a dying genre. Fellow rappers take notes, because at the moment West is at the top of the class.    My Top 5:  1. Good Life  2. Flashing Lights  3. Stronger  4. I Wonder  5. Big Brother
B000A6T1JU|4.0|As a big fan of this movie, I was stoked about it being re-released, along with the game, in a new Director's Cut version. First, the good. The Warriors is simply a great movie with a 70's New York vibe like no other. The performances are solid, the action is fast paced, and during the run back to Coney Island you really get a sense of fight AND flight.   Now, the bad. Although for the most part, I liked the idea of the comic book angle. After all, some of the gangs in The Warriors are straight out of the comic book genre. However, in one particular scene, they took it too far and edited one of the most powerful scenes in the movie. As four members of The Warriors escape the police from a subway station and race to the streets, they are confronted by The Baseball Furies. In the original version, they get to the streets, Ajax shouts \\"Where are they?!\\" in reference to the other members of The Warriors they were just with, and immediately after he says this, his eyes turn stone cold as he and the others spot The Baseball Furies, standing in the distance, waiting for The Warriors, wielding their weapon of choice, the baseball bat. So it goes from intense, to a fierce intense scene of a never ending battle. In the Director's Cut, this scene is chopped up and all the intensity of this pivotal scene goes down the toilet when Ajax says \\"Where are they?!\\", he dissolved into a comic book sketching, and they cut to another scene. This was one of, if not the, best scenes in the movie and they butchered it. The movie itself is still great, but I'll never, ever understand why they did that with that particular scene.
1591841666|5.0|This book is a very quick read, so I was pleasantly surprised at how much thought provoking insight and wisdom went into it.  Since reading it, I have passed my copy off to two other people, and made both my mother and mother-in-law buy and read it.  My mom liked it so much, that she's passing it along to my sister, and my mother-in-law likewise passed it along to one of her daughters.<br /><br />If you've ever wondered how much effort to put into a project, a career, a relationship or any other endeavor, this book shows you how to examine yourself and see if you are going to get stuck or become a super star.<br /><br />I suspect that when a project starts getting too difficult and I'm wondering if its worth all the effort, I will pull this book out and give myself a few refresher pointers.<br /><br />I highly recommend it.  Especially as an entrepreneur and freelance artist.
B000TUXL2A|5.0|I couldn't disagree more with the review panning Knopfler's other non-Dire Straits works and in particular the Ragpicker's Dream.  I have been extremely impressed with the progression of his sound in his solo career and this album has the characteristic Knopfler vocalizations with his outstanding guitar work that is so characteristic of this great artist.  Can't wait for more.  His sound is much more mature with themes reflecting his growth since the early Dire Strait days.  I can't wait for more from this superlative musician and distinctive vocalist.
B000ICLRIE|3.0|I WATCHED THIS DVD FOR MORE THAN AN HOUR.  THE SETTINGS WERE AMAZING AND THE CLARITY WAS ABOVE REPROACH. HOWEVER, THE BACKGROUND MUSIC WAS SO OVERWHELMING THAT I HAD TO REDUCE MY VOLUME ON A STATE OF THE ART HEADSET.    THE HORSES APPEARED TO RUN OFF THE SCREEN AND INTO MY LIVING ROOM.    ALAS, I ONLY HAD A VAGUE IDEA OF WHAT IT WAS ALL ABOUT. TRUE THE SOUND QUALITY WAS ALL THAT WAS PROMISED, THE DIALGOE WAS IFFY.  AT TIMES I WOULD GET A VAGUE IDEA WHAT WAS SAID AND OTHER TIMES I JUST SAT THERE LIKE A DUMMY WITH NO IDEA WHAT WAS BEING SAID. AT THAT TIME I CALLED IT A NIGHT AND CHECKED THE PACKAGE AND NOTED THAT IT CONTAINED SUB TITLES, WHICH I WAS UNAWARE OF WHEN I STARTED PLAING THE DVD.    I HAVE NOTICED LATELY THAT THERE ARE OTHER DVD'S, BOTH BLU RAY AND OTHERS THAT ALSO SUFFER FROM THE POOR QUALLITY SOUND OF THE SPOKEN DIALOGUE.    INFORMATIVELY, I HAVE THE ENTIRE SET OF THE DIANA RIGG/JOHN STEED AVENGERS THAT RAN FROM 1965-1967. WHEN I PLAY THESE DVD'S THE SOUND QUALIITY OF THE SPOKEN WORD IS AS CLEAR AS CRYSTAL AND IN MY OPINION THE OVERALL SOUND QUALLITY OF THIS COLLECTION IS FAR SUPERIIOR OR WOULD MATCH THE BEST OF HIGH DEFINITION DVD'S.    LASTLY, I WOULD HUMBLY RECOMMEND THAT THE FOCUS SHOULD BE ON THE SPOKEN DIALOGUE AND SOFTEN THE OVERWHEMING AND OVERPOWERING BACKGROUND MUSIC.    THE ONLY ALTERNATIVE I HAVE AT HAND IS TO CHOOSE THE SUB TITLES FEATURE WHICH SADLY IS NOT AVAILABLE ON OTHER DVD'S THAT REALLY WOULD PROFIT BY IT.    HOWEVER, TO THOSE WHO ARE FORTUNATE TO HAVE HEARING THAT MATCHES DOGS OR  BARN OWLS THEN THIS DVD IS FOR YOU.    ROBERT LYONS  RENO, NEVADA
B000UGG3A0|4.0|I just got into DKM in the past couple of weeks. My first purchase was The Warrior's Code, which I absolutely love.    I bought The Meanest of Times today and have listened to it repeatedly all afternoon long. For what it's worth, here's what I think of it...    At first blush, it's not as bagpipe-heavy or overtly Celtic-sounding as The Warrior's Code. As the first reviewer noted, there are plenty of big choruses and upbeat songs, but this isn't Warrior's Code Part Two. This is something different.    Whereas Warrior's Code opened with bagpipes-aplenty, Meanest opens with a song called \\"Famous For Nothing\\" that features the sound of a school bell and children cheering (a la Alice Cooper's \\"School's Out\\"). Then it kicks in big time with a breakneck double-time riff and a huge chorus. It's a breathtaking way to open an album.    \\"God Willing\\" (track two) opens slowly with gentle electric guitar strumming before it springs wide open and reveals itself to be a punk rendition of a traditional-sounding Irish hymn (\\"God willing I'll see you on the other side\\"). Again, this is a huge chorus that will be killer to see performed live.    \\"The State of Massachusetts\\" (track three) is a corker, Irish-sounding all the way. Fist-pumping chorus. Raucous and raw. I love this song.    \\"Tomorrow's Industry\\" (track four) is more punk than Celt, not even pretending to sound Irish. It begins with a \\"One, two, three, four!\\" and then...slam! It's going full tilt. It's okay, but not my favorite track on the album.    \\"Echoes On 'A' Street\\" (track five) is a decent song, but there's not much about it that stands out to me, other than the larger-than-life chorus that a live audience could sink it's teeth into.    \\"Vices and Virtues\\" (track six) is another punk rocker. Reminds me of the Sex Pistols or The Clash. Since I prefer Celtic-flavored instruments and themes, I'm not too hip on this track.    \\"Surrender\\" (track seven) is a toe-tapper. I love the driving chord progressions. It's quite melodic, despite the shouting vocals. Frankly, this is an air-guitar, dance-around-like-a-nutbag song that is as infectious as any I've ever heard. Love it.    \\"(F)Lannigan's Ball\\" (track eight), is another corker with Irish jig written all over it. From the liner notes: \\"Dedicated to the memory of Mrs. Diedre Drew. On July 2nd, 2007, we flew to Dublin to record the song \\"(F)Lannigan's Ball\\" with our good friend Spider from the Pogues and the legend himself, Mr. Ronnie Drew from the Dubliners.\\" It doesn't get any more Irish than this!    \\"I'll Begin Again\\" (track nine) is a full-bore punk rocker with bashing guitars and a rapid-speak chorus that runs all the words together \\"I'llbeginagain...I'llbeginagain....\\"    \\"Fairmount Hill\\" (track ten) reigns in the bashing and opens with acoustic guitar and an Irish melody straight from the Emerald Isle. In fact, quite literally. From the liner notes: \\"A Boston take on the traditional tune 'Spancil Hill'.\\" \\"Fairmount\\" becomes a mid-tempo song that's more ballad than basher. A great song.    \\"Loyal To No One\\" (track eleven) is dedicated to \\"a miserable bast**d [who] will suffer on alone to the bitter end rather than admit they were wrong.\\" The lyrics are, of course, spit out in anger, each word dripping with sarcasm.    \\"Shattered\\" (track twelve). Pure punk angst. Not much Celtic about this track. It's just aggression and a pin prick in the side of those who pretend to be something they're not. \\"\\"Shattered, shattered, when people aren't always what they seem...\\"    \\"Rude Awakenings\\" (track thirteen), a song about the ravages of love, is a return to a Celtic sound: Bagpipes and a rousing chorus...then another \\"One, two, three, four!\\" and the song picks up the pace, and cranks up the bitterness level: \\"I thought it was all just a nightmare, I guess it was true...but now I'm left with a daily reminder of you.\\" The perfect song for drunken, jilted lovers.    \\"Johnny, I Hardly Knew Ya\\" (track fourteen) is based on \\"When Johnny ComesMarching Home.\\" Rousing, but typically melancholy. [CORRECTION: I wasn't aware that the song most often associated with America's Civil War was based on a song called \\"Johnny, I Hardly Knew Ya.\\" That's the kind of stuff I love to know. Thanks, Felix!]    \\"Never Forget\\" (track fifteen)...ahhh, the bagpipes are back. I love it when DKM sets the tone of a song by beginning it with bagpipes, then kicking in with guitar and a big-a** chorus. \\"Never Forget\\" is \\"a song about what's really important when it's all said and done.\\" This is a great song and the perfect way to end the album. DKM has life figured out, man: \\"When you got love and we got family, keep 'em close and don't forget, to hold them right there in your heart, when you got love and family.\\"    Overall, I think The Meanest of Times will be a solid album for DKM -- especially if you dig their more aggressive punk-rock songs. I don't think it breaks any new ground, and it's not as good as The Warrior's Code to my ears, but it's great music from start to finish -- all of which ought to cause any fan to say, \\"Glory be!\\" in concert.
B00007CVSH|4.0|Okay, simply stated:    Hvorostovsky: Highlight of the show. \\"Il balen\\" was stunning and his presentation was exquisite.    Cura: Not his best by any means, but a passable heroic tenor.    Villarroel: Not appropriate for this role. She skipped out on some of the high notes in the first aria. Not unheard of, but it should be expected of someone performing for a company as prestigious as Covent Garden. Not a bad voice, but she does not need to sing Verdi ever again. Also, she seemed sounded like she should've been Cura's mother, not lover. Highly disappointing. HIGHLY disappointing.     Naef: Wonderful. \\"Stride la vampa\\" was just wonderful. Very emotional and passionate. If it wasn't for Hvorostovsky, she would've been the entire show.    I can't remember their actual names, but the Ferrando and Inez were also very nice. Ferrando's aria made me hit \\"back\\" on my remote a few times and Inez had much more stage presence than Villarroel.       Overall, this is worth a watch.... if you can ignore freaky bondage fencers and their gang rape party.
B000SZLSB2|4.0|How do you follow up a multi platinum smash containing the first US chart topping single in almost a decade by a UK artist? Why, with more of the same, that's how!<br /><br />Fans of Mr Blunt's debut will not be disappointed with his sophomore effort. At ten tracks, it cuts straight to the chase; mournful, swelling ballads, and a couple of upbeat, seventies sounding pop tunes.<br /><br />Falling into the latter are lead off single \\"1973\\" (which starts off with a fab piano intro) and \\"Give me some love\\".<br /><br />Of the ballads, the standouts are the Coldplay-esque \\"Same mistake\\" (which starts off as a tender piano ballad, building in intensity to a towering finale, and a catchy lighters-aloft refrain of \\"oo oooooo ooo ooo oo oooo\\"), the stripped down but earnest \\"I really want you\\" (with lyrics like \\"Can I come in from the cold?/I killed a man in a far away land\\", and what can be described as rattling effects - This song should be HUGE!), \\"I'll take everything\\" (think BeeGees), \\"Shine on\\", and \\"I can't hear the music\\".<br /><br />Nothing ground breaking, but an album calculated to keep his fan base pleased. Love or loathe him, he's back to sell a few more million albums...
B000ULQV0W|5.0|In the month before this soundtrack, and movie's release, i picked up a copy of the book Into The Wild and read it. I thoroughly enjoyed it. While reading, I could tell that Eddie would definatly add to this atmosphere. That he does. He displaes McCandless's emotions so well. Several songs are upbeat and full of hope, while others are of lonliness and the road. This depicts so many different emotions, and is truely a beautiful album.     This differs so much from any Pearl Jam album. The songs are a bit short, yes, but it is a great piece of music to own. I would review the songs, but words do it no justice. Decide for yourself. I highly recommend it to any fan of Eddie or of beautiful, heart-felt music.
0143038419|3.0|While I found the book to be an enjoyable read, I felt a knot form in my stomach while reading the part about the ashram. Many people in the know would recognize the group as Siddha Yoga headquartered in South Fallsberg, NY. I've know people who have had very bad experiences there and it is identified by the experts in the field as a \\"cult.\\" I'm sure the author and others have gone to the Siddha Yoga ashrams without being totally sucked in and their lives taking a terrible turn as a result. But the danger exists that some readers will view the experience from the authors point of view as very positive and seek out the ashram not knowing what they are really about.
0375704027|5.0|I can't really add more than the other reviewers here have already done but this is a delightful Murakami book. It's happy and uplifting but is not exactly a straight love story. This IS Haruki Murakami after all and it does have it's share of the surreal and bizarre but not as much as in some of his works such as Wind Up Bird. IF Murakami could ever tell a straight story then this may be as close as he's going to get. My wife, who has never read a Murakami novel, asked if I haven't yet gotten tired of the pattern or template of this author or haven't I figured out his formula yet. The answer is there is no pattern. He just spins tale after tale with bizarre elements without pattern or formula. Add Norwegian Wood to this random mix of storytelling. It's a  highly recommended great read!
B0000640VO|5.0|You will be a do-gooder too after seeing this! I also love the color palette of the picture of red and green and bright blue. It's a beautiful and whimsical film!
0805079831|5.0|In THE SHOCK DOCTRINE, Naomi Klein brilliantly proposes a compelling counter-story to the prevailing fable of free market infallibility. Buttressed by painstaking and wide-ranging research, and an ability to see connections where others only see coincidence, Ms. Klein amply shows that profit-making is not the essence of democracy as Milton Friedman and his minions would have it.   She shows instead that the machinery of the state and the requirements of \\"disaster capitalism\\" are now so tightly synchronized in their exploitation of disasters both man-made and natural as to be virtually one in the same.    Citing pertinent examples to prove her thesis that \\"disaster capitalism\\" is now rampant around the world - in Russia, in China, in Iraq to name just a few - she describes how in times of crisis, elites everywhere have learned that they can profit by implementing policies, e.g., \\"shock therapy\\" or \\"shock and awe,\\" that would have been vigorously opposed in normal times.  When these changes to Friedmanite free-market dicta are opposed, as they were in Chile, a third shock is implemented.   This, according to Klein is a shock that is entirely man-made - the torture and murder of those who would stand in the way of the takeover of the public sector, or, as neo-liberal economists would have it, the bringing forth of a new birth of freedom.    During the \\"Reagan Revolution,\\" Klein argues, the notion of the `Entrepreneur As Hero' was buffed to a high gloss though the influence of right-wing think tanks whose pronouncements were reported by a cowed and obedient media.  A decade later in the dot.com era, entrepreneurs were burnished to blinding sheen when the media fed the world images of swashbuckling venture capitalists who were touted as bringing forth a new millennium through the Internet.  Klein maintains that George W. Bush's \\"public offering\\" -- the War on Terror - covered slavishly and avidly by the media, has been wildly successful, lining the pockets of investors in the new Homeland Security sector as promises of taxpayer money everlastingly flowing into the coffers of the military-industrial-energy complex have been fulfilled.   This is the new \\"new economy:\\"  the looting of the public sector through the now tried-and-true methods of disaster capitalism.      THE SHOCK DOCTRINE reveals the many wounds that disaster capitalism has inflicted upon the body politic both here in the U.S. and throughout the world over the past 25 years. It is a breathtaking achievement.  Highly recommended.
B00005ASHM|5.0|Simply put, \\"God Only Knows,\\" if you want to experience the genius that is Brian Wilson this album will show you that and a whole lot more.  AMAZING!!!!
B000000JO3|5.0|Bad Brains were first...Teen Idles were not yet Minor Threat, but Minor Threat surpassed Bad Brains.  Discography great, their ability great, execution great.  Hardcore, but not mindless violence, straight edge, but not obnoxiously self righteous.  Brian Baker is awesome on Bass and or guitar.  Honorable mention to Lyle Preslar as well, But Ian MacKaye is animated, furious, and entertaining.... Do ya get it!?!?<br /><br />Dr. Brown certified this cd as \\"Bitchin\\".
B000066SJZ|4.0|This is a great album and an excellent reissue in high resolution surround sound.  I've enjoyed discovering it all over again in this wonderful new format.  Highly recommended.
B000R7HY0K|2.0|I just finished watching it.    I didn't like it.    Very chick flickish, even for a supposedly horror movie.    When I played it, the video (rental) said \\"for sale only\\", kinda funny.    I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.    Way to much dialogue, mostly female...    Zzzzzzzzz...
B000UJCALI|5.0|The Shining was NOT composed for 4x3. It was composed for 1:85-1 for theatrical release. Here is a quote from the editor...    \\"EDIT: Here's the relevant portion of the interview with Kubrick's editor on The Shining, Gordon Stainforth, that The Omen was referring to:    13/ What aspect ratio was The Shining filmed in?  The entire negative was exposed, meaning that there was no in-camera hard matting so the film was effectively shot in Academy 1.37 but it wasn't intended to be shown in cinemas that way. The film was shot and conceived for 1:1.85 ratio screening (and the camera viewfinders had the 1.85 framelines marked on them) This is the standard ratio that widescreen films in the US are projected in. The 1:185 crop was achieved when the film was projected onto cinemas screens...\\"    and    there is a book called \\"The stanley kubrich archives where...    From The Stanley Kubrick Archives, page 452:    Note the faded red marker frame labeled \\"1-1.85\\", and the indication top right:    THE FRAME IS EXACTLY 1-1.85  Obviously you compose for that  but protect the full 1-1.33 area.    in regards to The Shining with a storyboard of the hotel exterior shot.  Actual image can be seen at  [...]  (I put a space between the \\"h\\" and the \\"t\\" in http as Amazon doesn't like links but there you can see it at dvdtalk.com's forum, post #79.    Kubrick HATED the way his films were chopped up and panned and scanned for TV broadcast, early home video which is why he shot \\"protecting\\" for open matte. He did not compose The Shining for 4x3 as his editor and Kubrick's own typed notes to the 2nd unit photographer on The Shining can attest.      Now, as far as this release being 20 or so minutes short (which the european releases have always been sincde Kubrick re-edited and tightened the film after mixed critical notices in the US...) this is simply an error in amazon's listing here. The full uncut film is being released.    AVSforum.com, a good website for release info has more details...film is being released.    AVSforum.com, a good website for release info has more details...
B000PKG4SC|5.0|Great twists on previous material, and a few fresh cuts indeed get the party started.  Don't hesitate embracing Bassey's new album.  She's one of a kind, keeping it fresh for many a party.
B000J103WK|3.0|This is a great performance by the Eagles in great visual detail (though I'm not sure we need that kind of detail after performers turn 60.) My problem is with the sound quality which is not up to even regular DVD standards.  The sound on my disk is very edgy and irritating on high quality playback equipment, nothing like their previous DVDs.  I don't know if it is possible to just get a bad audio disk but I find it too unnatural to play, except to \\"see\\" the visual detail and color.
B00004U8P9|5.0|I ask you, how can a person NOT like this film????  Undeniably one of the best midnight b-movies that has ever come out.  I mean there are other cult films like Eraserhead, Wizards, Cannibal Holocaust, and so forth,...but the Rocky Horror Picture Show is the absolute KING (or Queen) of midnight cult classics.  This is not just a film.....it is a right of passage.  You follow characters who have their own quirks and just trying to make it through a situation.  I'm not going to try and explain the film.....it's something you just have to watch, preferably with a group of friends who have seen it many times.
B0007Y08QA|5.0|Director: Brad Anderson, Christian Bale, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Michael Ironside, Aitana Sanchez-Gijon, John Sharian.<br />Christian Bale takes method acting to whole new extremes as he looses 60 pounds to play Trevor Reznick, a blue-collar machinist beleaguered by insomnia. Unable to sleep properly for almost a year, the deeply lonely Reznick is tormented by his colleagues after a momentarily lapse of concentration causes fellow worker, Miller to lose an arm. Since his only emotional release is a world-weary but compassionate prostitute (Jason-Leigh), Reznick's world slips into further decline when he's confronted by a brawny stranger called Ivan, who seems to know more about the machinist's life than he does himself.<br />This thriller goes deep into a world of psychosis and terrible despair for Trevor--paranoia, suicidal thoughts and complete disengagement of body and soul.
B000NVIXFK|5.0|Rush really nails this one.  Fantastic disk!  Rush complexity with a strong accoustical layer.  Lyrically this one speaks to most.  If you really read Peart's lyrics (or read any of his fantastic books) you will know what I mean.  This is a must have even for casual RUSH listeners.
0142403873|5.0|This book is so fun!  My 5 year old and 3 year old have both memorized it because we have read it so many times.  The rhythm makes it fun to read, and the story is really cute.  We have given it away as gifts as well because we enjoy it so much.  It's a family favorite.
B000Q66QAG|4.0|I was a little wary of watching two Pierce Brosnan films in less than 24 hours (previous to this it was The Matador), but as I couldn't decide on anything else (or everything else was too long). So this was popped into the DVD player, and settled back expecting another standard nature going nuts movie. (There's too many of those.)<br /><br />About halfway through, I suddenly remembered, that Edinburgh Castle (near to where I live) was built on a seemingly dormant (extinct?) volcano. Also, the volcano in Pompeii was supposed to be dormant, as was the volcano in this. Scary stuff. I don't think I'll be visiting Edinburgh Castle anytime soon.<br /><br />Dante's Peak starts with a bang, and keeps up the standard right through the movie. There's little time to catch your breath, as shocker after shocker hits you smack bang in the face. It's very much a rollercoaster ride. The special effects are excellent, and the characters have good stories - even if the 'relationship' between Rachel (Linda Hamilton) & Harry (Pierce) does seem a little bit contrived and happens a bit too fast.<br /><br />Some of the special effect shots are excellent, but the one that sticks out in my mind was the ones showing the reflection of the volcano errupting in a car window, with Rachel looking back. Wow. It was a subtle but brilliant shot.<br /><br />There's not a lot to say about Dante's Peak, without ruining exactly what happens during the movie. It is up there in my opinion, with the great action disaster movies of the nineties, and is absolutely perfect in high definition. Can't fault it not even slightly. Pierce, although not one of my favourite actors, does the action hero role reasonably well, and Linda, with a very bad haircut, doesn't just do the usual damsel in distress role. You go girl! Pick this movie up!
0743486285|5.0|I'm a huge fan of Motley Crue.  Once I started reading The Heroin Diaries I couldn't put it down.  Nikki's book is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  The things he did, the lengths he went to in order to get high, his highs and lows, how and where he shot up and how he could fool everyone into believing his addictions weren't that bad.  It is truly an insight to what his life was like at the top and bottom.  The book is awesome.  A must read for every Motley Crue/Nikki Sixx fan.
6304286961|5.0|Brilliant. The film starts out with The Doors, and then takes on a life of its own, becoming a cult object in the process, an objet  d'art, breathless, entwined, twirling, obsessive, relentless, varicoloured...It's like a sex act that feels unbearibly good and creates expectations of a final, musical, passionate, finale.
006097625X|5.0|I highly recommend this to anyone who has even the slightest interest in comic books. Whether you're new to comics or a longtime comic book fan, you will probably learn something new and interesting about the medium. In particular, this book has really changed the way I look at manga and has given me a new appreciation for Japanese comics.    The other two books in this \\"trilogy\\" are good too, but I consider this one the real \\"must read\\" of the three.
B000QFAJ7S|1.0|I like some of what Kelly does but not all.  I only made it through 3 songs before I stopped listening to this CD.  She just screams too much for me.  She has a good voice but screaming does not make it with me.
B000PMGS8G|4.0|Flash Gordon, came out back when special effects pretty much still used crayolas! ;) But, this movie is really a lot of fun, and it is the good kind of cheesy, the acting is actually good by some decent actors and actresses, the costumes are to bad, bad in a bad way, but along with the cheesiness, they are great! The music by Queen is very cool, especially the Flash Gordon song they did for the movie!    If you want a cheesy and very fun sci-fi movie, with some cool actors, so cool music, and some really bad (but fun and funny) costumes, this movie will give you a smile and crack you up, and kids will likely enjoy it!    Great job to Sam Jones, as this is his best acting job ever! ;) and Max Von Sydow is always very cool!!
0061137456|5.0|Considering Ginsberg embraced Kerouac's \\"First thought, best thought,\\" motto, Howl's 50th anniversary edition, which includes many photocopied pages of handwritten and typed revisions, proves Ginsberg did plenty of revisiting and change to those first thoughts. Choosing better, more musical adjectives, adding to and shaping his images to enhance the mental scenery, and the great big cross-outs in pencil, turn this long, occasionally tough read into something wondrous.<br /><br />Anyone who hasn't read Howl might not get the beauty of this book. Howl, (at first impression, anyway) appears to be a spontaneous effusion of cadence, gibberish, sexual references and glamorized psychosis. It is funny, frank and unashamed, and in those Eisenhower American-era days, what Ginsberg did was a brave and scary thing. He and his publisher, the poet, Lawrence Ferlinghetti (who owned City Lights Books) certainly had their work cut out defending it.<br /><br />Beyond its great literary status, \\"Howl\\" is a political milestone, being initially banned and labeled \\"obscene\\" for what by today's standards is laughably mild. This version of Howl is dedicated to Ferlinghetti, who along with the American Civil Liberties Union, championed the poem with First Amendment Protections. As we all know, Howl won its censorship trial to became one of the best and most widely read poems of modern time.<br /><br />The 50th Anniversary Edition has some interesting 1950s black and white photos of Ginsberg, Kerouac, Neal Cassady and friends; photos of Ginsberg's room, photographed in Summer 1955, where Howl was created; a reader's guide and notes by Ginsberg; and perhaps most interesting, a `reintroduction to Carl Solomon' (for whom Howl was written), and a statement and writings by the real Carl Solomon, who had the uncomfortable burden of becoming an unlikely celebrity for having known Ginsberg during shared time in a mental institution. Of great interest are pages written by Carl Goy, a mental patient who underwent some of the shock treatments Ginsberg and Solomon were subjected to. He's a fascinating, if unreliable, narrator and it is certainly food for thought. Also of interest are the pages of correspondence from poets, peers, family and publishers about the book. In some of these letters, he covers imagery and technique, in others he battles angry feelings and upset. It's a great journey through the artistic, spiritual, mental, emotional and political publishing process, on top of everything else.  Finally, there are several pages of `Model Texts: Inspirations Precursor to Howl' where Ginsberg pays homage to those that planted the seeds of this work: Christopher Smart, Shelley, Artaud, a tip of the hat to Bob Dylan, his friend William Carlos Williams, and others.<br /><br />It's a wonderful book--sort of a `box set' for Ginsberg fans--and it's praise for best thought, whether or not it's the first.e shock treatments Ginsberg and Solomon were subjected to. He's a fascinating, if unreliable, narrator and it is certainly food for thought. Also of interest are the pages of correspondence from poets, peers, family and publishers about the book. In some of these letters, he covers imagery and technique, in others he battles angry feelings and upset. It's a great journey through the artistic, spiritual, mental, emotional and political publishing process, on top of everything else.  Finally, there are several pages of `Model Texts: Inspirations Precursor to Howl' where Ginsberg pays homage to those that planted the seeds of this work: Christopher Smart, Shelley, Artaud, a tip of the hat to Bob Dylan, his friend William Carlos Williams, and others.    It's a wonderful book--sort of a `box set' for Ginsberg fans--and it's praise for best thought, whether or not it's the first.
B000TUXL2A|4.0|I enjoy some of MK's music a lot. When listening to his albums, I just get the feeling that his music has 'quality written all over it' - fine songwriting (especially the lyrics), immaculate guitar playing and superior production. Yet, despite this, I often find each album contains only 3 or 4 songs that I really enjoy, a couple which bore me to tears, and the rest are just OK (but to be fair, enjoyment of his music does benefit from several listenings). There will be some people for whom MK 'can do no wrong' and I also feel that way about a few artists - but MK is not (yet) one of these. So, I was a little cautious about buying this album, but I thought I'd take a chance because some of the pre-release editorial reviews suggested that I might like it. As it turns out, I was not too disappointed.<br /><br />THE SONGS - MK's lyrics are always fascinating but he seems to have surpassed himself on this album - in many songs, capturing the quintessence of post-WW2 life for ordinary English people. Although, for the most part, the melodies are good (a few having a distinct Gaelic flavour), I wouldn't describe them as 'infectious'; and I thought 2 or 3 were, by comparison, rather bland. There are no up-tempo songs to speak of (a couple come close) and there are certainly no 'full-tilt rockers'. Few of the songs have that 'americana' influence to be found on previous albums (the 'Springsteen-esque' 'True Love Will Never Fade' being the main exception) - MK has moved eastwards across the Atlantic for much of his inspiration on 'Kill to Get Crimson'. It is the songs that define the mood of the album and I would describe this as 'nostalgic-reflective' (in a very English sort of way).<br /><br />THE PLAYING - You get little in the way of 'rock guitar' and most guitar solos are brief; but MK's playing permeates all tracks and the sound is absolutely sublime. In addition to percussion and bass, accompaniment is provided by accordion, violin, cittern, flute, saxophone, trumpet, clarinet and vibraphone; these are used judiciously (and very effectively) to enrich the overall sound - the phrase 'less means more' is very apt here.<br /><br />THE VOCALS - MK has a rich baritone voice which is 'slightly frayed around the edges' - a voice which may be an acquired taste for some but one which I find very appealing; his singing is somewhat smoother than on past albums and he manages to inject a 'folksy' lilt from time to time. His limited vocal range has occasionally let him down in the past, but there is little evidence of this on 'Kill to Get Crimson'.<br /><br />For a change, I enjoyed the majority of the songs on this album; for what it's worth, the following in particular : 'Heart Full of Holes', 'We Can Get Wild', 'Secondary Waltz', 'Punish the Monkey', 'Behind With The Rent', and 'Madame Geneva's'.<br /><br />If I were rating this album purely on it's all-round musicality and 'technical' proficiency, then 5-stars would be amply justified (as another reviewer has summed it up, it is 'clean, clear and perfect'). However, 2 or 3 songs didn't do a lot for me and so, in terms of my subjective enjoyment, 3.5/4-stars are more appropriate. The extent to which you are likely to enjoy this album much depends on whether you prefer MK's music with a North American or an English/Gaelic influence. Also, if you liked [[ASIN:B000F0UV0E All the Roadrunning]], there's a good chance you will like 'Kill to Get Crimson'. When considering the album's mood and musical content, of his earlier albums, [[ASIN:B00006J3T4 The Ragpicker's Dream]] probably comes closest - so this is something else to bear in mind (but don't sue me if I'm wrong!). It's a very mellow and relaxing album which, vocally and instrumentally, is almost devoid of any edginess.<br /><br />I liked this album quite a lot, but if your initial reaction is 'more boring stuff from Mark Knopfler', I would ask you to sit down and LISTEN to the music, one or two tracks at a time spread over a few weeks, because 'coming to terms' with MK's music is a gradual process. I think this is a good way to start appreciating, more fully, MK's beguiling songs and accomplished playing.<br /><br />If you are not too familiar with MK's solo work and would like to try a compilation of his music, I can recommend [[ASIN:B000BI0WOA Private Investigations: The Best of Dire Straits & Mark Knopfler]]. Just over half the tracks are Dire Straits' best known songs and the others are MK solo performances. This album is available as a 'Standard' version (1 CD & 14 tracks) and a 'De-luxe' version (2 CDs & 21/22 tracks); the link here directs you to the 'De-luxe' version.ause 'coming to terms' with MK's music is a gradual process. I think this is a good way to start appreciating, more fully, MK's beguiling songs and accomplished playing.<br /><br />If you are not too familiar with MK's solo work and would like to try a compilation of his music, I can recommend [[ASIN:B000BI0WOA Private Investigations: The Best of Dire Straits & Mark Knopfler]]. Just over half the tracks are Dire Straits' best known songs and the others are MK solo performances. This album is available as a 'Standard' version (1 CD & 14 tracks) and a 'De-luxe' version (2 CDs & 21/22 tracks); the link here directs you to the 'De-luxe' version.
6303303463|5.0|I can complain that my favorite Queen songs weren't on the playlist for this concert (\\"Somebody To Love\\" and my all-time favorite love song, \\"You're My Best Friend\\").  I can likewise complain that the emphasis was on the instruments and not enough on the great operatic vocals of the group (e.g. the \\"Easy Come, Easy Go\\" intro to \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\" was omitted, or limited background vocals on \\"We Are The Champions\\" or omission of other harmony songs like \\"Bicycle\\", \\"Somebody To Love\\", or \\"Flash\\").  Do these complaints alter the fact that this was an awesome concert?  No.<br /><br />One other disappointment:  I was hoping to see the filming of the group singing the operatic mid-part of \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\" (\\"Mama Mia, Mama Mia\\"), but instead the camera showed the lighting, hints of the band playing, and images from the pre-MTV video of the song.<br /><br />Visually, this concert was entertaining.  It did show the musicianship of the band members, including guitarist Brian May playing some keyboard on \\"Who Wants To Live Forever\\" and keyboardist/lead singer Freddie Mercury playing guitar on \\"Crazy Little Thing Called Love\\".  One draw back to Mercury's guitar playing -- on that song, it limited his movements, allowing Taylor Hicks to out perform him on that song on American Idol.  On other songs, Mercury is almost like an orchestra leader -- he was an excellent front man.<br /><br />One black mark -- Freddie cussed once at the audience.  Was that necessary?  No.  Was that funny?  If cussing is funny, yes, but cussing is not funny to me.<br /><br />Nevertheless, if you like Queen's music, you will find this a worthy investment.
0805079831|5.0|\\"In assessing the future utility and applicability of Rapid Dominance, it is crucial to consider the political context in which force is likely to be employed. As we enter the next century, the probability is low that an over-riding, massive, direct threat posed by a peer-competitor to the US will emerge in the near term.    Without compelling reasons, public tolerance toward American sacrifice abroad will remain low and may even decrease. This reluctance on the part of Americans to tolerate pain is directly correlated to perceptions of threat to US interests. Without a clear and present danger, the definition of national interest may remain narrow.\\"    \\"Many challenges or crises in the future are likely to be marginal to US interests and therefore may not be resolvable before American political staying power is exhausted. In   this period, political micro-management and fine tuning are likely to be even more prevalent as administrations respond to public sentiments for minimizing casualties and, without a threat or compelling reason, US involvement.\\"    \\"Americans prefer not to intervene, especially when the direct threat to the US is ambiguous, tenuous, or difficult to define. Therefore, when intervention is necessary there is likely to be both a political and practical imperative to have allied or international involvement or at least the political cover of the UN, NATO. Or appropriate NGO's.\\"    \\"Second, it is relatively clear that current US military capability will shrink. Despite the pledges of the two major American political parties to maintain or expand the current level of defense capability, both the force structure and defense infrastructure are too large to be maintained at even the present levels and within the defense budgets that are likely to be approved. Unless a new menace materializes, defense is headed for `less of the same'. Such reductions may have no strategic consequences. However, that is an outcome that we believe should not be left to chance.\\"    \\"In both relative and absolute terms, since the end of World War II, the military strength and capability of the United States have never been greater. Yet this condition of virtual military superiority has created a paradox. Absent a massive threat or massive security challenge, it is not clear that this military advantage can always be translated into concrete political terms that advance American interests.\\"    \\"Beyond prudence, however, it is clear that without a major threat to generate consensus and to rally the country around defense and defense spending, the military posture of the United States will erode as the defense budget is cut.\\"    \\"The absence of a direct and daunting external security threat is, of course a most obvious aspect of the difficulty in defining the future defense posture of the nation. The United States has long resisted maintaining a large standing military and the Cold War years could prove an aberration to that history. Extending this historical observation of small standing forces, it is clear that there is no adversary on the horizon even remotely approaching the military power of the former USSR. While we might conjure up nominal regional contingencies against Korea or Iraq as sensible planning scenarios for establishing the building blocks for force structure, it will prove difficult to sustain the current defense program over the long term without a real threat materializing to rally and coalesce public support.\\"    - 1996 Shock and Awe: Achieving Rapid Dominance, National Defense University; Harlan K. Ullman and James P. Wade    [...]
B0004Z33F0|5.0|Rambo III is one of my favorite movies.  I've seen the first two Rambo movies many times, but until recently never the third.  About a month ago I bought this movie used for 4 dollars and watched it.<br /><br />From start to finish it was just a great movie.  A lot of the details are somewhat historically correct also and the extras are awesome (be sure to watch them if you buy this).  The Russians were invading Afghanistan and the US was aiding the Afghans (the Mujahideen).  The main arab leader who in the movie said \\"They rape our women and kill our children\\" was based on a real freedom fighter named Ahmad Shah Massoud who was assassinated by al-Qaeda 2 days before September 11th 2001.  After the Russians left, the Taliban took over.<br /><br />If you liked Rambo First Blood or the second Rambo, you will probably really like this movie.  Highly recommended
B000R7GKQE|5.0|\\"I saw this show when it first premiered on the wb and I admit I didnt like it. I thought it was kind of boring and I just couldnt get into it. Then my sister started saying dude you have to watch it omg you will love it and I said nah looks dumb i'll stick with csi. Well one day I was at my sisters and she forced me to watch an episode. I have to say this is the best thing she ever did because it really sparked my interest and then I started watching it more and more at home and before I knew it I couldnt go a week without watching it. I love how they incorperate the family dynamics and really show how the characters are growing and have grown and you really become attached to them and add some ghosts, demons, and the occasional vampire or werewolf and that makes this show really unique. Another thing I love is that all of the things they come face to face with which we think only exists in our nightmares are based on real folklore and legends and you can search for them right on google, so in a way it kind of makes you wonder maybe there is the possibility that there is more out there then we know about. And of course these boys, Jensen and Jared, have such good on screen and off screen chemistry that sometimes you have to really remind yourself that these are in fact not brothers. So yeah, all in all you should buy this and join those who have seen how good of a show this is and are trying to spread the word. Speaking of that if you do like this show then email the cw and tell them so they dont cancel it!!! Ok my ramble is done lol.\\"
B0004Z33EQ|5.0|Rambo First Blood Part 2 continues where the first film left off.  It's a very entertaining movie, even if some parts are predictable or a little ridiculous.  Rambo single handedly saves an entire camp of Vietnam POWs, killing everyone with a knife or arrow and even flying a helicopter.<br /><br />If you can get past that (or if you like cheesy stuff like that) I think you'll really like the movie.  Is there significant \\"character development\\" or do people talk about their feelings? No way.  If that's the kind of movie you want to see, go see a chick flick.  This more than makes up for Rambo not even killing anyone in the first movie, Rambo First Blood.<br /><br />Rambo II will always be one of my favorite action movies
B000TSIK14|5.0|Scorpions have yet to fail!  I love these guys.  They are talented and continue to evolve and improve.  This CD is unique in that it is more alternative rock and modern rocked focused rather than it being your typical 80s hard rock (like we really need another monster ballad about love). So don't expect songs like Rock You like a hurricane or Still loving you.  Instead we get a bunch of high quality modern rock songs about love and politics, also the mixing and mastering here is probably the best I've ever heard from the scorpions. Yes even better than Unbreakable and eye to eye.  Klaus's voice sounds really good too and he is like what in his early hundreds?     Hour 1 - This is probably the worst song on here.  Klaus Meine's voice is too nasal on this one. 4/10   Game of Life - 8.5/10. Modern rock rules!     We Were Born to Fly  - 10/10 Even better!     Future Never Dies - 9/10 ballad that reminds me of Queen.   You're Lovin' Me to Death - Young country styled modern rock 10/10.  321 - 321 are you read to rock? Yes I am! This song is a typical scorpions anthem about rocking hard.  The scorpions down tune their guitars for this song too. 10/10    Love Will Keep Us Alive - Catchy modern hard rock ballad 9/10      We Will Rise Again - Neat song with even better chorus 10/10   Your Last Song  -  Radio friendly rock ballad 8/10    Love Is War  - some acoustic rock mixed with hard rock 8/10   Cross - alternative rock with Billy Corgan of smashing pumpkins singing a few lines. 9/10   Humanity - This sounds like old school scorpions (holiday?) blended with some heavy chugging riffs and a great sing along chorus. 10/10   Cold -  sort of lame and redundant 5/10
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is an amazing motion picture. From the by-hand anime, which seems to be a fading art, to the undeniable and powerful messages it cultivates through seemingly basic storytelling, this epic journey encompasses so much thought and compassion it is overwhelmingly ideal in so many ways. A must have for anyone who appreciates the art of film. *bow*
1582701709|5.0|This book puts words to what your instincts have told you all along - Be Happy, Be Heathly, Be Wealthy in Life, Love and Success.
B00005JKDR|4.0|This is, what, six years old? Still, for those of us who are kids at heart (and who grew up with monsters under the bed and in the closet), this is a very good rememberance of childhood, and a good tale for the kids of today that the \\"bump in the night\\" probably is a dream. I recommend it.
0385522401|5.0|This book must be good because it has spawned (pun intended) so much disagreement!  The reviewers who point out the sneaky humor are spot-on --the social commentary is flawless as well.      Yes, this book is \\"about\\" the failure to consummate a marriage.  But it is so much more than that.  It's about opposites that attract...and opposites that are actually not quite as opposite as they seem.  It's about woundedness in parents that gets translated into a different type of woundedness in their children, and how that plays out as they grow up and make choices to be - and not to be - themselves in relationships.  It's about two \\"sophisticated\\" people who cannot get past their pride, their shame, to their real love.     This book is set in 1962, just as the sexual revolution was getting started.  I remember that time in the U.S., I graduated from high school in that year.  Yet McEwan goes beyond the superficiality of blaming the difficulties of this marriage on these two people's being born too soon...or on their individual psychological peculiarities.  I am pleased that he takes a more unusual view, for our day and time, which values the depth and challenge of what this relationship could have been, despite its difficulties.      McEwan is a masterful writer, realistic, even graphic, amusing, and yet poetic.  Every word counts.  I'll be reading more of his books.
B000R7I3LY|5.0|My entire family cannot stop listening to \\"Little Voice\\". Every song is great to sing along to and we do. I spoke with my mom who said she woke up at 3am with lyrics in her head. I totally understand. Give it a try and you will not be sorry. After my morning coffee it is \\" Little Voice\\" that I crave.    Angie B.
B000UGG3A0|5.0|I have been a Dropkick Murphy's fan for about 8 years now.  After Warriors Code released, I was a little unsure of the direction of the band.  I did like Warriors code but it was a move away from \\"Sing Loud...\\"  However with \\"The Meanest of Times\\" the Dropkick Murphy's have found a way the fuse good hard Irish music with punk rock, once again.  I have had the privilege to own this CD for over a week and have listened to it probably 100 times already and this is my quick run-down.    \\"The meanest of Times\\" quite frankly is a mixture of the Warriors Code and Sing Loud Sing Proud.  It has several very up beat song with loud and sing along choruses.  They have expanded their music instruments and now fully rely on Spicy for Bag piping.  There is no way a fan of DKM could listen to this album and not at least fall in love with in love with one or more songs on this album.  The song Flannagan's Ball is an instant classic, with two God's of Irish music singing along.  This album, however not my most favorite from DKM, is a great album and is worth buying.    Of course now people can preview the albums online, but bottom line: Buy it, you won't be sorry.
B000OY8NII|5.0|I caught one episode at the beginning of the summer and could not get enough, I had to watch season 1. I have been enjoying season 2 (and I hope it is longer than the 10 episodes of season 1)  Just a great quirky, funny, escape!
