0679433740|3.0|I read this book for a book club assignment.  I enjoyed but wish I'd had paper and pencil to recordthe particulars of likes and dislikes.  I noticed a similarity to Stephen King of whom I've only read 2 works.  I read it in two days and don't regret the time.  I'll probably read more of Morrison.
0670880728|5.0|I thought that Bridget was so completely and utterly lovable!!  It was so easy to get caught up in the sheer ridiculousness of her adventures.  Granted, many of the situations she would get caught up in were indeed a little far fetched, but they were hilarious nonetheless. <br />However, there were so many crazy &quot;girlie&quot; moments throughout the book (i.e. ruling out Mark Darcy as a &quot;potential&quot; due to his sporting a cheesey sweater, trying to pull off a dinner party far beyond your culinary skill set, and we won't even get into the dieting thing ...) that every single woman can relate to.  <br />I also enjoyed the UK slang!<br />Kudos to Bridget (and Helen) for making me feel like I'm not the only single gal with &quot;issues&quot; in the world!!
0060920084|3.0|Bryson's breakneck tour through small American towns (his running gag is that he's in search of an elusive perfect nostalgic town he calls &quot;Amalgam&quot;) is terribly witty and occasionally dead-on in its lacerating descriptions of American tackiness and silliness.  But often his insights are laced with the kind of acid you-can't-get-me cruelty that only an expatriate (Bryson lives in London) can pull off.  His wonder at America's foolishness sometimes crosses right over the line to contempt, and that undercuts the truth in his descriptions.  Beyond that, he has so much turf to cover (38 states), that he often doesn't do more than drive through a town and criticize the strip malls -- which are of course hideous -- or talk to anyone besides waitresses, motel clerks and cops, who are not always civilization's greatest ambassadors, in America or anywhere else.  In a purely technical vein, his gleeful and often funny habit of inventing obviously untrue details forces a reader to wonder, after a while, how much of the more plausible description might also be false.  <br />Bryson's a smart guy and a genuine wit.  And it's a funny book.  But his contemptuousness eats away at his power as a writer and as a guide to his own journey.
0553208845|5.0|This book is so wonderfully written that it takes you in and opens your eyes without you trying to comprehend it's message.  It is truly inspirational.  If people found the Alchemist insightful, please try a reading a real book and read Siddhartha.
B000006NPY|4.0|It's different from the other cd's, but it's a great change. An acustic sound, runs through this cd!
B000002N2P|1.0|This album is a discrace to music.  It is a discrace to NOISE! Sloppy chord progressions, a fake english accent, too much distortion, too little of a band -- THAT is this album.  I can't understand what makes people like that stuff...Greenday seems more conserned with image...
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena McKennitt does it again with a compilation of 8 excellent pieces of music.
0783880871|1.0|Half a star would do actually ... PC tries to include the latest in our minds in this novel; biological terrorism and the latest technology such as the internet and virtual imaging. But she is sloppy in carving out the many logistical details in order to make the instruments of her story satisfying for a discerning reader. eg. Is it really possible to have an internet account w/o giving some details about yourself? I am not with AOL but I don't think so. What did Lucy use to compile info to create the virtual room within which the butchery took place? But most importantly, WHY bother having this segment in the story at all? It does not lead anywhere. Which is why I start thinking that PC just wants to show off how up to date she is with technology and unfortunately she does this POORLY!.  The string of the latest fads does not amount to a decent story. BIG mistake. By reading this lame techno-fad, I actually end up longing to Agatha Christie/s stuff where things are only included when relevant and where everything is explained in detail. If I want superficial bombastic fads and cheap tricks, I'll go to the movies; thank you very much.  Then there is the PLOT which is full of loose ends and stumble upon each other unevenly. It is hard to keep a reader tightly wound up when there are so many irrelevant distractions. In conclusion, don't bother with this one.
B000002LIM|5.0|Danny Elfman has composed a wonderfully original score for this major motion pictures, his first superhero movie.  The theme itself encompasses the darkness of the hero himself.  Hands down the best of the Batman series soundtracks.
0887306667|4.0|A well written book about classic marketing approaches and how to avoid common failure in the real world. Easy to read and entertaining for its purpose.
B000001EXB|5.0|Sir Reginald may be a musical genius, but it is Taupin's lyrics that drew me to this album.  The combination is perhaps the most unbeatable team around.  Every song is good in its own way.  Don't miss this one!
0375404783|5.0|I LOVED how this book followed Pride and  Prejudice; I got the biggest kick out of the plot similarities. v. funny. Can't wait for the movie!
1563523302|4.0|Those that complain about this book just don't get it.  It details the fascinating habits of the wealthy, authored by two PhD's who have studied them as a group for years.  It is certainly surprising to find how low the average salary of a millionaire is, or the fact that 80% of millionaires are 1st generation rich, or how much on avg. they spend on clothes, watches, and cars.  It also explains some successful ways these wealthy individuals have passed on their estates, the results of passing wealth on early, how they treat wealth &amp; money within the family, and why, as a result of their own success, they cause their children to have less of a chance of becoming wealthy.  Hardly a re-hash or a no-brainer.  This book will make you think about your own habits and long-term goals.  It even predicts what careers might produce high incomes by servicing the growing wealthy community.  Two big thumbs up.
B000001Y2U|2.0|It is an ok album but hardly one I would recommend listening to.  The lyrics are b.s., the music is decent but only through Trent Reznor's obvious influence and production savvy.  In other words the only reason this album even sold at all was either through Trent Reznor's production or Manson's stage antics.  Stick with Nine Inch Nails.
B000002HRE|3.0|With Reload, you either loved it or hated it.  It's definately a part from classic Metallica, that's obvious.  For hardcore fans, it's terrible.   This album just lacks Metallica's famous powerful lyrics and heavy guitar riffs.<br />For new metallica fans, this album seems great.  It's a little more mellow than Load, and definately the black album.<br />And for me, it's not great, but it's not terrible either.  Fuel caught my attention.  Unforgiven II was disappointing to say the least.  It's definately a change for Metallica.  I'm a big fan of their older stuff, and this takes some getting used to.  I'm just in the middle.
0393038912|5.0|One of the best book I've read, in that it helped me better understand many of my own observations about human &quot;civilization.&quot;  Well worth reading by anybody interested in the broad issues confronting  the world today, even if one doesn't agree with every word.  (I find the reviews here to be very interesting, the reactions of individual readers obviously vary greatly.  I think that's a testament to the weightiness of the material covered.  Read it!
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down is from the California Metal Scene (some may refer to it as RapCore, although it is not always true) with other bands such as Deftones, Korn, Rage Against the Machine, and Tool. However, System of a Down cannot be compared to anyone. The band is Arabic (Armenian to be specific), and they definately let this influence be shown in their music. With Serj Tankian's amazing vocals, where he can use several different voices in a song and change at any instant. I cannot speak of System of a Down without mentioning their raw power. When you listen to them their music just flows through you with emotion. The band sings about social events, politics, or even love. This is one album everyone who likes any sort of heavy, angry, or emotional music must buy. The band's catchy vocals and powerful music will not let you down.
B000002H38|5.0|This collection is pure gold!!! Don't pass it up.
B000000WCA|3.0|Hey, ummm.I used 2 love them but now-umm-eh.If you want only want a couple songs, get the singles.The $14.95 or whatever is not worth it.
B0000025YM|5.0|This is the finest Priest album.  The guitar is smokin, the tempo is out of this world.  No other album rocks this hard and this well.  All metal fans should own and cherish this CD.
0553108034|5.0|Martin has taken Fantasy to the next level.  I can not recommend this book enough.  For anyone who reads Fantasy &amp; Sci-Fi:  Get this book you won't regret it.  Martin, weaves together the most captivating tale I have ever read; Characters that you care for, plot twists that keep you jumping and a style that keeps you turning the pages.  Martin is truly one of the &quot;Best&quot;.
6302130379|5.0|The film version of Larry McMurtry's novel remains most faithfull to the original source while coming to life most vividly with perhaps the best acting ever captured in a Western film. Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones subtly and often silently convey McRae's and Call's entire beings. Rarely have two actors so completely inhabited their characters. A glance here, a tightened hat there is often all that is needed to convey well springs of emotion. Notable too are the perfomances of Danny Glover, Tim Scott and Angelica Huston. I have only two complaints about the film: Fredrick Forrest is hopelessly shallow as Blue Duck and I wish the film could have been made on the big screen.Still, why quibble? This valentine to a forgotten genre is one of the finest films ever made.     END
B000002VEP|5.0|As most of Alan Parsons' albums are, this is a concept album constructed around a central theme. As ALL Alan Parsons albums are, it is also far more than that: it is the tale of a man named Antonio Gaudi. Don't bother; you've probably never heard of him. Antonio Gaudi was an architect who was AT LEAST a century ahead of his time. He did not simply create buildings; his buildings were ART. Go look up La Sagrada Familia, his most famous work, and the inspiration for the first track on the album. You'll see what I mean.<br />The first track, called &quot;La Sagrada Familia&quot; (which translated from Spanish means &quot;The Sacred (or Holy) Family&quot; is a lush, intricately constructed anthem which is also stirringly beautiful, just like the cathedral which inspired it. It should be Antonio Gaudis' epitaph.<br />The nearly heart-breaking song &quot;Inside Looking Out&quot; speaks poignantly of the hideous irony and tragedy that befell the genius Gaudi. For all his unmatched talent and vision, he is remembered, when he is remembered at all, not for his fantastic art but as the first man to be hit and killed by a bus. The song makes you know what true bitter irony is.<br />The second song, &quot;Too Late&quot;, tells us of the hardships Antonio Gaudi suffered in trying to find patrons for his works. It also tells of the anger and bitterness Gaudi must have felt when, again and again, his patrons stabbed him in the back. This is an edgy, hard song that captures the mood of betrayal perfectly. It also is, I think, the perfect break-up song.<br />In &quot;Closer To Heaven&quot;, you can get a feel for what it must be like to be a genius driven by visions that cannot be truly realised because the technology, the tools, and the methods don't exist yet. This song is slow and beautiful, and the frustration of a dream limited by the world is a subtle but rich undertone.<br />There is so much more to this album than I have room to say here. There is not, to my mind, one &quot;candy&quot; song on the entire album. If you have!  ever wondered why the brilliant are nearly always desperately unhappy, or what drives them to try to change the world anyway, this album will explain it to you. Listen to the music, and hear the heart of a man, and the spirit of an age.
B000002WPI|5.0|This CD is the bomb-diggity!  From the bass to the phat beats to everything in between, the Wu are pure geniuses!!!
B000002VCB|5.0|This album may not be one of the Projects best albums, but it does break some new ground for the band. It was the first album in which Alan Parsons employed female lead vocalists (listen for the most excellent Kate Bush !), and started a new trend in his instrumentals. <br />One of the best tracks on this album is &quot;Lucifer&quot;, still today one of Parsons' best instrumentals. In many of the instrumentals he does today, you can hear the legacy of this song. It is a tough, edgy, somehow heroic song that puts one in mind of those nights when passion and anger between lovers makes a dangerous, ecstatic experience. The kind that will lead to a wedding or a divorce, and leaves you wondering later what ever possessed you to do either.<br />&quot;Damned If I Do&quot; enjoyed limited commercial success it the early 80's, and is some of the bands best synthesizer work from that time. It is a song about being helplessly in love, hating the vulnerability and craving it at the same time. It calls to mind falling hard for someone you KNOW is going to be bad for you, and being unable to help yourself. Remember what THAT was like? Very sweet keyboard work in this one, and the vocals have just the right mix of self-hate, self-deception (&quot;...No, my friends are wrong, he/she isn't REALLY like that, and besides, this is different, and it is not either just a crush...&quot;), and naked yearning. Oh, man, the memories...<br />For a total change of pace, the song &quot;If I Could Change Your Mind&quot; has some of the most gorgeous vocals on the entire album. It is a woman telling of her fantasies and hopes of recapturing a lover who dumped her hard. Sweet, sentimental, and somewhat scary, since after a few times listening, you begin to feel that her quest is not only hopeless, but it would be better if she failed. Something in this one suggests a guy who isn't WORTH having back, and suggests that the woman doesn't see that she can do better. Ladies, this one is absolutely foryou!<br />&quot;Don't Hold Back&quot; is THE f! irst time. I'm sure you remember your FIRST LOVE, or your FIRST LOVER, and how intoxicating it was. This song will make you smile, remembering the late-into-the-night conversations that seemed so deep then, the back seat bargaining sessions, the way you just sort of flung yourself headlong into it, full speed ahead and the Devil take the hindmost! Heady.<br />There is one more that I must mention: the song called &quot;I'd Rather Be A Man&quot;. This is, simply stated, the ULTIMTE break-up song. 'Nuff said.<br />This was the album that got me started as an Alan Parsons fan, and it has worn well. As a whole, it has a kind of goofy energy that appears only sporadically on other of the bands albums. You'll listen to this one alot.
0345350499|5.0|This is by far the best book, and the one with the most impact, I've ever read.  While portraying detailed characters and places, MZB also delves into the issue between the old worships of Britain and the new Christian phenomenon.  She shows what it may have been like to be a woman in those male-based times, rather than many other fantasy/Arthutian stories, which talk mainly of how the battles were fought, the castles secured, and the dragons slain, all male issues.  I must say, 'Mists' did change my life.  Though there were many elements to the 'old religion' that were inaccurate or a mix of many beliefs, the book sparked my interest in the Druid beliefs, enough to make me search out as much information as I could.  I would also recommend this book, to anyone, because the characters, while perhaps not quite real, are easy to love one minute and hate the next,  They are strong-willed, or strongly non-willed, and the growth from childhood to adulthood to death of several characters is fascinating to watch.  I hope everyone can find something to enjoy in this excellent novel.
B000003S2K|2.0|I'm not sure what led me to this (aside from the fact that I spend a lot of time in airports :-), but the reviews here had lots of good things to say about it.  Can't say that I agree...I guess that I like a little more meat in my ambient music (like Aphex Twin).  Far too much of this sounds like something I could create myself by randomly whacking out little melodies on my Casio keyboard that can emulate a lot of different instruments.  It predates the &quot;Hearts of Space&quot; era of New Age music and, to a great extent, represents the very worst of that type of music (basic noodling that attempts to set a general mood rather than present a noval musical idea).  Not being the world's biggest Eno fan (I don't think that I've ever heard something by him that I like all that much), I don't know the history of this album (was it commissioned to be played on airport speakers?), but given the date (1978), it was clearly not written to be played by travellers on their Walkman portables, a job it remains unsuitable for today.
B000000WCA|5.0|This is one of Spicegirls best cds.  They really put thier heart and soul into thier songs, and really did a good job on it.  Mama is a great song.  Everything they say about tier mothers are so true!
B000002U82|5.0|After all these years I still am in tears if I sit down and listen to the whole thing.
B000000I0K|4.0|I often find myself putting this on when I just want to here Mike Oldfield.  I haven't yet replaced it with a CD but I may soon be force to.  I would very much regret the loss of an old friend. - doug
B000002NHN|5.0|Truly one of the most original artists I've heard in a long time.  If you haven't already gotten this cd, you must have it.  Trust me, it won't sit on the shelf like all those others you thought you might like.
B000002HRE|1.0|All I can say is disappointment. The only good thing I will give them is that the unforgiven II is alot better than the original. What ever happened to &quot;Metallica&quot;? At least they could change the name as they've changed the music. That way the &quot;Memory still Reamains&quot; of the Metallica some of us don't even miss anymore. Long live real metal bands!!
0553278398|5.0|It was hard for me to read ..oh.. the first 10 pages, I believe. Asimov has-- er, had (may he rest in peace) for writing novels that grasp your hands and don't let you put the book down until you're done. This book is 400 pages long and I read it in 3 days! An exciting story, well-defined characters, and a nice ending. Absolutely worth the read. 5 stars.
B0000062FL|5.0|I first listened to this recording over 20 years ago, and still today I can put it on and marvel at the beauty of Carlos Santana and company. This is their finest album and an absolute must. The art work on the cover is alone worth the price of the cd.
B000002J09|5.0|Sure, we've all heard &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; a million times, but there's much more to this album! Zep's wide variety of musical styles has never been more well-represented. Eastern influences, mystical poetry, straight-ahead rock-this album has it all. A must-have!
B000005JAX|4.0|Martin Gore of Depeche Mode covers these tracks wonderfully.  I love _Gone_ especially. A must for any Depeche fan!
0316920045|2.0|yep, just lost interest in one thread after another, until there were no interesting  threads left. <br />also, most of his science &amp; math were wrong, which i found even more distracting than the (in some cases already proven wrong)  &quot;near-future&quot; stuff.
0060974176|5.0|This book kept my interest.  The lean production concept used in Japan automakers was clearly demonstrated as a superior way to American mass production.  I can see how lean production can be transferred to other industries than auto manufacturing.  The book also contained the history behind mass production and lean production, which was interesting.  The insight into automakers in Japan, America, and Europe was also very enlightening.
0670880728|5.0|This book kept me awake and entertained on a flight home from Asia.  I could not put it down and finished it in one straight read.  Bridget is every woman's insecure side.  Yet she is still someone who you would want as a friend.  It is well writen and easily readable.  This is one great beach book.
0800103661|5.0|Gattaca is an extraordinarily touching and visually poetic film that, among its many qualities, affirms the view that a passion for life is more important than the physical limitations with which we may be born.<br />Its protagonist is born a &quot;love baby,&quot; formed from the random union of his parents sperm and eggs, without the aid of the unspecified but obviously sophisticated genetic skills of his era.  His younger brother, the second child, bred by his parents by means of those genetic techniques, is theoretically superior in physical prowess, intelligence and anticipated health.  The brothers experience a deep and painful rivalry.<br />Condemned to mediocrity by a judgmental, genetically-obsessed society, the hero strikes a faustian bargain: a fraction of his future earnings (and fear of discovery of his true identity at each turn)  in exchange for access to the blood, urine and persona of a genetically perfect, but wheelchair-bound &quot;invisible&quot; man.  The two men become profoundly linked, the first dependent upon the other's body, the second dependent upon the first's spirit, his unquenchable desire to reach the stars as an astronaut.<br />Uma Thurman appears spectacularly as an impassioned, but also genetically insufficient, aspirant to the stars.<br />There is hope for humanity, despite the fascistic, hateful regieme of genetic purity dominating the time of this film.<br />This may be one of the most literary and hopeful films ever to address seriously mankind's flawed quest for physical purity and unfair revulsion towards the handicapped.<br />See the video, play the DVD if you can -- this is a film for all time.  Its writers, director, producers, actors and crew deserve great credit.     END
B000002L9B|5.0|I didn't care for the movie, but the music is great on the soundtrack. The music almost has a lush feel to it.  &quot;Sometimes It Snows In April&quot; is a classic(or should be one!) &quot;Do U Lie?&quot; is simple and beauiful.
B000002UWL|5.0|I'm not sure what the supplied review has to do with THIS album, but it would be fair to say that this still holds as their best album ever. It's personal, poiniant and shows them as a strong musical team that can out-write almost anyone. The supplied review implies that PSB has failed in someway to innovate electronic music as their predecessors have. Dismissing music because it doesn't &quot;innovate&quot; is elitist and trite. The other comment about the music being 'no sweat' is confusing too. It takes a great deal of talent to make anything look easy. The Pet Shop Boys have clearly grown in their musical and lyrical talent with each release. This disc shows them at the very height of that growth.
B000002B82|5.0|If you want a Ozzy CD. Get this one. A great mix of heaviness (Mr.Tinkertrain, I Don't Want to Change the World) and softness (Road to Nowhere, No More Tears) Only 2 bad songs : Mama, I'm Coming Home              &amp;     Zombie Stop
B000002UAO|5.0|I am a huge Beatle fan, and if I were to recommend one album to a listener not quite educated on The Beatles yet, it would be this one.  No doubt, Rubber Soul provided the greatest collection of hit songs of any other Beatles' album...In My Life is my personal favorite, showcasing Lennon and McCartey's unmatched ability to collaborate wonderfully on songs and Nowhere Man has all three frontmen singing together in classic Beatles' harmony.  Michelle is one of their all-time great ballads and Girl is Lennon at his songwriting best.  There are some great sleepers on this album too.  I'm Looking Through You and You Won't See Me are McCartney's bitter, but playful sounding songs about relationships on the verge of break-up and Think For Yourself is Harrison's sleeper also about a strained relationship. This album was really a breakthough for the Beatles in that it showed they had far more musical capabilities than when they first stormed onto the seen.  Rubber Soul has a little bit of everything for everybody.  My only knock is that it lags a little in the end, stumbling towards the finish line after a fantastic start.  Still, it should be regarded as one of their best albums, behind Revolver and Abbey Road.
B000006NPY|1.0|Perhaps I anticipated too much this time, but I was very dissappointed.  As many other reviewers have stated, I have been around since Gish and turned a number of friends on to the band.  This perhaps was too much of a departure.  I have always liked the &quot;slower&quot; tunes, but this was too slow and dark.  I will continue to listen to Adore, searching for what many of the other reviewers have raved about...the interesting search continues.
B000001FRY|4.0|This first album by what would become rocks biggest ticket is an enjoyable, if not a little dated album.  At the time of this album all four members were still in their teens and it shows in the lyrical content.  The album does contain some innovative songs such as &quot;An cat dubh&quot; and &quot;I will follow&quot;.  While not their best album, this is a must for u2 fans as well as anyone who wants to remember the last throes of the punk-rock scene.
0060801263|5.0|I first read this book when I was around 13 years old, and I have read it over and over again for almost 30 more years.  The story is timeless, the writing lucid, the characters unforgettable.  It also takes me to a time and a life I never experienced.  An absolute must-have for every bookshelf!
0425129586|5.0|A friend at work needed a book to read on the train. I was thinking and thinking and asked him if he liked mysterys. He said &quot;they're ok.&quot; Then I told him to read Agatha Christie's &quot;And Then There were None.&quot; I told him I had read this in seventh grade and still remembered the whole plot; he looked at me like I was some freak. I finally got him to read the book.  If he could figure out who the killer I would pay for the book. He read it and said,&quot;That was the best mystery I've ever read! No wonder you still remember it!&quot; Read this book if you like mysteries! It stuck with me since seventh grade. How well do you remember a book you read sixteen years ago?  Yeah, I thought so.....
0446364495|1.0|Sorry to say it, but this book wouldn't even get a passing grade in a creative writing class.  Trite, overused prose, a predictable plot -- why did people rave about this book?  And call me old-fashioned, but what is so romantic about a sleazy few days of sex while the husband and kids are out of town?  What is saddest about this book (aside from the poor writing) is that Francesca then spends the rest of her life pining after this loser.  After reading this, I was so depressed, I had to read a decent romance, and so pulled out Jane Eyre again.  Now, THAT'S a good read!
B000001ESP|4.0|Classic album. What drummer hasn't put on a set of headphones and tried to tackle what Neil Peart has done on this album?
B000001Y5J|5.0|I am a die-hard Nine Inch Nails fan and this is one of the best! Its use of metal guitar in this album is very inventive and well done. It is definitely not something for the faint of heart. The track &quot;Happiness in Slavery&quot; is one of my all time favorites, its controversial lyrics and rough-edged industrial orchestration makes it a killer song!
B000000QG9|5.0|For one track alone, &quot;Moonchild&quot;, this is a must have album for any Rory fan or any fan of blues/rock guitar maestros.  There is an excitement and enthusiasm to Rory's playing that could only ever be properly experienced live (See &quot;Irish Tour&quot; and &quot;Live In Europe&quot;) however, his studio albums provide the opportunity to experience his superb style and technique. The opening riff of &quot;Moonchild&quot; used to send a thrill through the crowd whenever he hit the opening chords.  I saw Rory live many times, in fact, never missed a show if we were both in town at the same time and there was no-one quite like him.  A true blues man who never really deviated from that path, his studio recordings are crisp and clean and always fresh. Check out &quot;Against The Grain&quot;, &quot;Tatoo'd Lady&quot; and &quot;Blueprint&quot; as well as the two live albums named above. His later live album &quot;Stage Struck&quot; has a rockier feel to it which reflects his playing at that time although he returned to a more blues feel in the years before he, prematurely, died.
0812550706|5.0|What happens when a child is groomed to save the world ?  Might just be required reading for tennis star dads.
B000002BMD|5.0|beautiful.  soaring.  i AM the girl who wanted to be god!!!  conscience binds you in chains . . . misery mourns to be devoured . . . all removables, all transitory!  BRILLIANT lyrics, gorgeous, stunning music . . . LOVELY.  absolutely lovely.  THE MANICS RULE (yet again!)!!!
B000001FMX|5.0|This little gem introduced the world to the Dolls, too bad the world wasn't ready for them. I don't care how deep the Velvet Underground's songwriting was, or how violent and ludicrous the Stooges were. The New York Dolls were the definitive punk band. And this album stands to that testament. This is the band at it's best,before the drugs and Rundgren hit. Every song is mind blowing, so I won't single any out. If you like the Stones, buy this, if you like punk, buy this, if you like plain ol' good rock, buy this, and if you just like good music in general, buy this. It stands the test of time, and should be included in every music collection.
B0000062S0|5.0|The heart of Walking Into Clarksdale is--appropriately--in the center of the record, tracks 5 - 9. How would Led Zeppelin sound today if they were still together? Probably not even as good as these 5 tracks, each one a testament to the creative talents of Page and Plant. &quot;Please Read the Letter&quot; cruises confidently into the Eastern-influenced &quot;Most High,&quot; two tracks that extend the barriers of what Zeppelin WAS. &quot;Heart in Your Hand&quot; ventures into a dark territory that makes me want to light a cigarette (I don't smoke). &quot;Walking Into Clarksdale&quot; and &quot;Burning Up&quot; swagger and crash with the best of Zeppelin's stuff. (I'd say &quot;Walking...&quot; could have fit on Physical Graffitti.) How are Page/Plant doing? They rock, bigger and better and with more confident control than ever. They're masters of the craft. This disc deserves to be a rock classic....The rest of it is very good, but it's almost too much to take in all at once. Just buy it and start with the 5 center tracks, and it all makes sense.
B000002H97|3.0|Imagine Winston Churchill doing used-car ads; that's what this album did for Metallica.  <br />It cheapened the legacy of a super-band.  I can't worship this golden statue of metal-dom after its feet of clay have been exposed.
0446310786|5.0|Nothing does this book justice other than reading it and experiencing it for yourself.  I cannot believe that I had not been introduced to this book sooner in life.  If you must read this book for a class, like myself, an incoming law school student, please actually take the 12 hours to read it.  Do not waste time with the movie, because it leaves out too many important details.  It is very light reading, so you will have no problem with finishing it in a timely manner.  Plus, you will never want to put it down.
B000002HEP|5.0|This music is engrossing, mind-trapping, and never grows old. I hear it as a distillation of the Rolling Stones, Led Zepplin, and Black Sabbath. My only complaint about this album is that on my CD, all the songs are in 3 big tracks, making it hard to listen to a particular song.
B000001OAA|5.0|Buying this cd was one of the best purchases i have ever made, the other being their other album. Shirley Manson's haunting, sultry voice is mesmerizing and the lyrics are unique and entralling. Unlike some bands these days, their music is consistenly good, every song being terrific. Between the great mixing and writing, the lyrics, and Manson's voice, you cannot go wrong with this album. My only regret is that i didn't buy it sooner!
B000001A3H|5.0|Like everything else I've heard by Kyuss, this album engrosses the mind and emotions with totally engaging music.  The instrumentation is perfecto, the voice is soul-penetrating, and the lyrics are like rohrschat ink-blots facilitating deep self-reflection.<br />  If I had only one album with me on a desert island with an electrical outlet, this might be the one.
B000002BQK|5.0|All of Mariah's CD's have been great, but this one is definitely her best so far.  She was finally able to sing the way she wants to.  I like the way that this CD is more on the R &amp; B side than any of her others and the results are spectacular.  Her cover of Prince's &quot;The Beautiful Ones&quot; with Dru Hill is really fantastic.  Keep up the good work, Mariah!
B0000009TT|5.0|Lather is one of Zappa's most ambitious creations, covering multiple continents of musical territory. There's tightly played hard rock, dopey little ditties, soaring guitar solos, moody orchestral pieces--and all segue into a single roller-coaster ride for the ears. I was lucky enough to have picked up test pressings of the original unreleased LPs of Lather years ago, and I'm happy to say that these CDs, lovingly remastered at Frank's own studio after his death, live up to the promise of Zappa's vision for this work. Plus there are several outtakes, including a lengthy and energetic guitar solo, &quot;Lather Goods,&quot; excerpted within the album but also included in its original form.<br />This is absolutely essential stuff for any hardcore Zappa fan, but also a good introduction to the variety of Frank's work for those not familiar with the enormous FZ canon.
B000005RMY|4.0|Some Girls Wander By Mistake is a wonderful and complete compilation of the early years of the Sisters of Mercy that is a must-have cd for all fans of the Sisters.  It covers three years of stylistic change and growth that lead to the mid-eighties success of the Sisters.  The recording is not of the best quality, but as history states, that's how it was back then and that's how it should be heard now.  Certain songs are rough, but others are smooth and worthy of much praise.  <br />Perhaps the greatest reason to purchase this cd now is that it is nearly impossible to find in the United States and when it is, it is extremely costly.<br />Some Girls Wander By Mistake is a modern classic of early gothic and industrial rock.
006017322X|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird was published when I was a young girl.  After reading Nancy Drew books and candy striper novels, and becoming a &quot;hooked&quot; reader, I finally understood what reading was all about when I discovered Harper Lee.  How disappointed I was to learn that Ms. Lee wrote one masterpiece and then no more.  But she made me understand the makings of this man, Atticus Finch, who defends the poor and undefended -- a man who is as deeply committed a parent as I have ever seen.   Atticus is a gentle soul, and a compassionate and tender father to his motherless children.  He calmly explains to Scout, and by his deeds demonstrates to her, that an individual can't capitulate to the violence and ignorance that surrounds him or her because then that person becomes part of the problem and not part of the solution.  I can't be really sure, since it has been so many years since my first reading of this remarkable book, but somewhere along the line, I decided to become an attorney and become a voice for the voiceless.  I have a feeling Atticus Finch had a lot to do with my choice.   I don't think it was by chance that, many years after my initial read of To Kill a Mockingbird, my son, at age thirteen, not exactly a &quot;hooked&quot; reader as I am, was assigned this book and fell in love with Scout and Atticus.  He didn't complain about reading it and we discussed the content of the book, realizing that, thirty five years later, the story still had enormous meaning and relevance.  And I found myself compelled to read the book again.  It was more wonderful the second and third time around as it was when I was ten.  I don't know how many books I have read in my life (probably hundreds and hundreds) but this little book still makes me feel and think and resolve to do just a little bit better.
B000001OAA|4.0|I have been listening to Garbage since their first single &quot;Only Happy When it Rains.&quot;  I have never gotten tired of them, like I have other bands, and they always find a way to creep into my CD player.  Though the songs in this album lack the finished quality and the perfection evident in Garbage's second release, &quot;Version 2.0&quot; it is still an album that should be heard and experienced.
0345360338|1.0|This is the second novel of the trilogy on the lives and politics of royalty in England and Wales in the 1200's.  Having read the first novel, &quot;Here Be Dragons,&quot; I expected the second to match the first in character development, as well as the relating of historical events.  I was somewhat disappointed - the portrayal of Simon de Montfort in no way matched that of Llewellyn Fawr.  Where Llewellyn was a richly portrayed individual, whose very soul touches the reader, Simon was no more than a soldier who's passion for upholding his principles seemed to far outweigh his passion for wife Nell, the only character in the novel who conveyed a sense of reality, and his love for sons Harry and Bran, whose loyalty to their father and each other seemed to have nothing to do with the cause Simon so rigorously pursued.  While I found some of the historical aspects interesting (e.g., I never knew that Simon was the originator of the parliamentary idea in England, nor did I know what a truly weak and sniveling character Henry was), there was too much of the dry relating of battles and events, and not enough character development to make me care about the participants.  I look forward to reading the third novel, &quot;The Reckoning,&quot; only because it picks up the lives of the grandson of Llewellyn Fawr, and Nell de Montfort, widow of Simon.
0517591812|5.0|A Fascinating book, as good as SARUM.  Ideal for the visitor to London who wants a quick synopsis of all of London's history before visiting.  It will make the places more alive as you will know why areas or buildings were so-named.  Read LONDON, then SARUM.
B000002L9B|5.0|For those who don't like the movie - I don't think it was meant to be taken seriously.  The album is a rendition of what Prince is about, pure diversity.  This is a unique mixture of his explosive talent and playfulness.
0440224764|5.0|Grisham is still going strong! I have and have read all of his books. The only book I haven't read yet of his but do own is Street Lawyer. I am sure that this will be just as good as all of the rest! My excuse for not reading Street Lawyer yet? I am reading a 4book series and I'm on #4 now. If you haven't yet read Grisham, my recommendation is to try him out. You'll be another fan too.
B000002GFU|4.0|This is such a great CD.  It's nothing that you's want to play at a party that was real upbeat because it is this relaxing kind of music that kind of makes you tired.  I play it sometimes on the CD player in my room when I can't get to sleep.  The whole album is great, but I'm kind of sick of Wild World. My favorite sons are Father and Son, Hard Headed Woman and Where to the Children Play.  Get this CD you won't regret it.
0804106304|5.0|Amy Tan's novel was a great book.  She shows life through the eyes of different generations, and incorporates real life situations into her novel.  &quot;The Joy Luck Club&quot; was one of the best books I have ever read.
B0000084J7|4.0|If you liked later Talk Talk, and if you like Sarah McGlaughlin enough that you know of Hollis' strong influence on her music, you'll love this album.  Moody, wise, sad, done with a savy acoustic fusion second to none.  Dusk, tea lights, melancholy and Mark Hollis.  A perfect lonely evening.
0684874350|1.0|After reading this book, I am at a complete loss as to why this book has won the awards, critical praise, and popular attention that it has.  I found it unrelentingly grim, with little in the writing style, characters, or plot to make it worthwhile.  The descriptions of events were telegraphic and concrete, with little psychological nuance or depth.   Normally, a book about such dismal topics would leave one sad and moved; this book left me cold.
B000002BBY|4.0|If Lennon &amp; McCartney had entered the studio in the mid-sixties with the technology of the late-90's, we would not have had to wait this long for the sound of Oasis!  Love the CD; it's an important addition to my collection of CDs, tapes, and vinyl dating back to 1963!
B000002KBU|5.0|There is music.  There is great music.  There are great Joni Mitchell albums.  And then there is &quot;Blue&quot;.  It was this stunningly raw and agonizingly beautiful and utterly coherent and undeniably lyrical piece of work that made me fall forever in love with unbelivable talent that Ms. Mitchell possesses.  The first time I heard this album I was literally so shocked from it's aural wonder that I had to catch my breath and sit down.  Joni is so smart and clever that she totally catches you by surprise; her use of spareness paradoxically completely overwhelms every one of the listener's senses.  Her simple mix--her voice in her higher range, her acoustic guitar, a piano--and little else--somehow combine to completely intoxicate whom  ever is walking into the room.  Her voice is flawless, her instrumentations are simply beautiful.  And her lyrics--God, her lyrics--her lyrics are quite honestly the most moving and intelligent and pensive and gut-wrenching-til-you're-balled-up-on the-floor-crying that I probably, and hopefully, will ever hear.   Unreal.  What a great piece of work.......Thanks, Joni!
B0000009OP|5.0|This is one of the best Morphine albums ever!  Just listening to it makes me feel like driving down that long deserted highway in the dark.  This is a very deep album and it reminds me of Tom Waits a little, which is a good thing.  I recomend it to anyone who wants to get in on the Morphine Buzz.
0670880728|2.0|Had heard about this book and was very anxious to read it but I was totally disappointed.  I felt that the book was not well written and I love &quot;diary-type&quot; books.  Bridget was a very shallow individual and I could not get a grip on her personality.  What a put-down to women...like do we only think of weight (of course we do, but not to such an extreme), men and pleasing ourselves?  &quot;Diary&quot; doesn't have any substance to it....disappointing!
B0000057C5|5.0|Fast paced drum beats, wicked keyboards, plus a deep baritone voice all with incredible guitar riffs slicing through it all. There you have RAMMS+EIN. I watched Lost Highway, heard their music and was hooked ever since. This is a MUST BUY for any music fan.
0790736233|5.0|As someone who has spent their working years designing earth stations like you see in this film I was so impressed that the technical detail was so good. Small technical errors are forgiven in a great film overall. This film played out a scenario I have pondered over many times. Late at night in a earth staions during performance tests I have kicked the antenna off it test axis and looked around at the many carriers out there.... Jodie Foster played that role so well and I enjoyed every moment of a thinking persons film..a rare output from any studio.     END
B000002J20|5.0|&quot;Tales...&quot; takes you below the sea, and up to the stars.  Eyes and ears open, you discover more of the music's technical nuances with each listen.  Eyes closed, you discover places you couldn't possibly get to by yourself.  The truest representation of Yes.
B000006NPY|5.0|This new album is truly good. It comes in very good handy to help u to fall asleep our start getting tierd. It's a nice lenghth of time (about 72 or 74 min.s). I can always listen to it no matter what kind of mood i'm in. It just sometimes calms me down. I really suggest u buy it if ur lookin for somethin really good. I have always really luved the pumpkins. After u listen to the cd, u will probably luv them too!
B000002BYD|5.0|Yield is simply an awesome disc.  It's first 4 tracks are incredible, but so are &quot;Do the Evolution&quot; and &quot;Pilate&quot;.  One other thing I loved about this CD is the inclusion of a secret song at the end of the disc a few minutes after the last track ends!
0140186395|5.0|a beautiful perceptive discussion on human consciousness and frailty - sweet and sad dialogues - an incredibly dense book about america and the the demon and spirit of our biblical heritage.
0312954468|5.0|Mr. Smith transports the reader back to ancient Egypt by combing history, intrigue, and love with a fast paced writing style.<br />While navigating through the twists and turns of this novel I was transported back in time to Pharohs' Egypt.<br />Definitely a 'twice' read book.
B000002HHB|5.0|Forget the titles that got all the radio play.  There are some excellent undiscovered treaures on this disk!
0671004107|5.0|Cheers for Sagan! Not only does this book emphasize the wonders of space exploration and the expansive universe, but he incorporates important and profound ideas pertaining to religion, love, faith, and skepticism, both religious and scientific. The blend he uses makes many enigmatic problems blossom. He analyzes religion for what it is: faith, and shows that not all things can be explained, as Ellie has found out. Ellie is a classic example of the scientific skeptic who yearns to understand and process everything. It is at the point that when her story is deemed incredulous that she realizes that faith in herself and the acceptence of a God who created the universe, is something only her eyes and those with her saw. This is what she has and it is this link that makes her believe with a passion similar to Palmer Joss. This book is perfect for people who are searching, not for answers, but for examples of faith and understanding and the consilience of them.
B000002KAT|5.0|Words can barely express the magnitude of this album. I can honestly say that no album has ever broadened my musical horizons as this has. Buy it, listen to it, love it forever.
0140067477|3.0|The book had a few interesting ideas, and the use of Winnie the Pooh characters was fun at first, but the book dealt with Taoism too cutely and did not make me want to finish it.
0393307050|4.0|I would concur with the reviewer-readers who say that this book, and the whole O'Brian series, is immensely engaging (once you've adapted to the language, nautical terms and setting). A male friend of mine, keen on the series,  told me that these books--full of rip-roaring and bloody battles, and presenting a decidely male world--have a reputation for being disliked by, or at least unappealing to, women. I took up the implicit challenge in that remark, and he offered to lend me Master and Commander to put it to the test. That was books ago,  I'm still at, and enjoying the series a great deal. I can't speak for all women, of course, but if you like historical novels in general, good writing which makes you think,  detailed description, adventure, and fascinating characterizations, you may very well become as hooked as O'Brian's male readers are (though perhaps in a different way and, when it comes to characterization,  for some different reasons). You might definitely quibble with O'Brian's drawing of his major female characters, and  you'll most certainly encounter attitudes which will irritate you and events which may even repulse you. But that's an inevitable part of time travel.  And this is time travel par excellence.
0767802659|5.0|Ok, Starship has the three main things involved in  a really good flick for violence/war movie lovers. 1. Really cool graphics 2. VERY attractive women. 3. GORE!! If I could, I'd give this movie 6 stars.. Definatly in my top ten.. Maybe even my top five..  END
0060926317|4.0|Mutant Message is too congruent and at the same time too far from our normal span of knowledge to be fiction.  <br />It is the story of an ancient priesthood, which has kept the whole of the world in equilibrium so far, and has finally decided that we the mutants have gone too far.  The decision?  To pull out (have no more children, die out, stop working - turn up somewhere else in eternity).<br />In a last act of love they call in a Messenger to pass the message onto the world at large.    Marlo's account challenges you to rethink whether everything about the present day is &quot;Good because it is Modern&quot;, and frighteningly hints at the implications for ignoring it.<br />This isn't the first message of this type.  Alan Ereira's &quot;Heart of the World&quot; has the same message, this time from South America.<br />Anyone know of any other books of the same theme?  Who is there left? Africa, India, China, Tibet, Russia, Polynesia may all have ancient priesthoods.<br />If the review checker reads this bit PLEASE give me some ideas of where to look, books to read (or how to compose the Search to find them) (sneaky I know but my only hope)
0451169514|5.0|I have been an SK fan since Salem's Lot and Carrie but I felt that his most recent works have fallen flat.  I admit to being intimidated by the girth of a book and therefore didn't read this when it initially came out.  I should have never gone this long without reading IT.  The first 10 pages or so have to be SK's finest moment.  I was spellboud from page one and was delighted with the ending.  I am jealous towards those who have not read IT yet.  I wish I was in their shoes.  They have a treat coming to them.  Way to go!
B000001FDK|4.0|Yes, I too wish the songs were programmed in the order that they appeared in the film.  But that's easily fixed with the help of your CD player.  My only real complaint is with a few of Sha-Na-Na's covers - there is only one Elvis.  All the original songs rock though - and I'm so impressed with Stockard Channing!  She's excellent!
B000002MIB|5.0|If you even remotely like Van Halen, this is a must buy.  This is almost as good as seeing them in concert.  They do such a good job on &quot;Poundcake&quot; and &quot;In 'n' Out&quot;, that I hate the recorded versions of those songs now.  The recorded versions are too slow and dull.  Excellent job of Sammy's &quot;There's Only One way to Rock&quot;.  I no longer like the recorded version of that song either.  Sammy does a decent job on the old DLR songs also.  Eddie's guitar work is unparalled.  Probably my favorite VH CD.  Now we just need to dig up live VH featuring DLR...
B000000OU4|5.0|Buying Pat Metheny music requires careful selection as some CDs can be enjoyed by many, and others will be enjoyed by only a few. &quot;We Live Here&quot; is one of those that will be enjoyed by many.
B000000OUE|2.0|What happeded to these guys?  La Sexorcisto was good, straight forward, metal, coming out at a time when all this alterna-garbage was on the rise.  On this one they went along the trendy industrial route.  The few good songs are &quot;Supercharger Heaven&quot; and &quot;Electric Head, Pt.2&quot;.
B000001E8P|5.0|pulp caught my eye on letterman different class makes me swoon<br />style just drips from the long limbs and clever lips of jarvis cocker<br />damon albarn is cute but jarvis is a fantasy
B000002L99|5.0|The first Van Halen album with Sammy is excellent. &quot;Why Can't This Be Love&quot; is my definitely my favorite Sammy-era song.  &quot;Good Enough&quot; is a great song that is reminiscent of the DLR era.  Great guitar playing on &quot;Summer Nights&quot; and &quot;5150&quot;.  Even though I love the Diamond Dave stuff, I also love the Sammy stuff.  A must have.
B000006O7C|4.0|i saw jeff buckley play in the late spring of 1995...a sweet and heady haunted summer followed...<br />this summer, Sketches...i am mournful and stretching toward the sound--shadowy/ half lit--of his voice...
B000002HMH|1.0|Why can't I choose 0 stars?  This CD is just plain horrible, although not as bad as Reload.  The self-titled album was the beginning of the end.  This is not Metallica.  ...And Justice for All and Master of Puppets is what Metallica is all about.  They have sold out and gone trendy.  This CD is worthless.  The only bright spot is the songs &quot;I'm Bleeding Me&quot; and &quot;Hero of the Day&quot;.
0553269631|5.0|Like it did for another reviewer above, this book also recalled To Kill A Mockingbird for me.  The deceptively simple writing style, the setting --the South in the '30s -- the involvement and viewpoint of a strong girl character (even more believable than Lee's Scout) and the sympathetic treatment of Blacks, all seem to have influenced Harper Lee.  But who knows?<br />The only thing lacking, for better or worse, is a sense of humor.  However, it would have been a true challenge to inject humor into such an un-sentimental story.  But because the story avoids sentiment, it occasionally takes on an air of a modern magazine feature article.<br />Mockingbird, despite its similarities and overall serious intent, provides plenty of humor.  I guess no comic relief is one of the qualities that distinguishes the Southern Gothic, but also it may be behind its short-lived influence.<br />I regard this as McCullers' best, but there is also considerable power in The Member of the Wedding.  As for the critics love for The Ballad of the Sad Cafe, I guess I missed the point and it's greatness.  <br />McCullers' writing is always so clean, but in The Heart is a Lonely Hunter, she combines a great and unique story about universal and personal isolation in people rarely written about to make a true modern classic.
B000000WHH|5.0|What can I say? This is a classic, just as catchy and inventive as when it was released in 1983. Melodic, poetic, and utterly charming. The sound of innocence and beauty come to life. Pure magic. Just buy it, OK?
0316921173|5.0|This book will confuse, enrage, engage and entrance you. So many new thoughts, new ways of thinking about things, in so many pages that the development of the story gets sidetracked. However, the writing is so well crafted and the descriptions (and footnotes) so unbelievably woven that the plot disappointment is forgiven. I have loaned my book out to several friends and most of them return it, saying they just couldn't finish it, too much &quot;content&quot; there. Like the Mozart story about &quot;too many notes&quot;! You gotta read it!
0060977493|5.0|I completely agree to the critical acclaim Roy's first novel received. It breathtakingly combines impressive eloquence with unusually warm-hearted off-beat humour to form a work of fiction that to me appeared deeply moving. I finally found a book that conveys both elements of the abstract term &quot;magic realism&quot; to me. While you are shown an exotic world and the magic it evokes in the curious minds of the young protagonists, on a different level the author reveals the real, often unpleasant face of human nature, stripped of any desultory pretences. All this Roy achieves in a very playful way, making &quot;The God of Small Things&quot; a very entertaining and above all funny read. The richest praise however, Roy deserves for her superior ability to handle the English language which she uses with rare imaginative power to create an atmosphere that after a short while seeps into you &quot;like tea from a teabag&quot;. All this makes &quot;The God of Small Things&quot;, despite its lack of the scope offered by masterpieces of the genre such as &quot;100 Years of Solitude&quot; and &quot;Midnight's Children&quot;, an all the more personal and tightly focused work which I consider to be  the best debut novel I've ever read. I can only strongly recommend this book to anyone with an interest in contemportary fiction who hasn't yet lost his childhood's sense of wonder. Read it, let yourself be surprised and shattered by the unforeseen, agonizing final twist of the beautifully constructed story and anticipate, as from my own experience I'm sure you will, the next work of this uniquely promising new star of English literature.
0679460055|3.0|I've read all of Patricia Cornwell's books with Kay Scarpetta so far but I'm not sure I'll keep on reading them. All though Unnatural exposure is somewhat better than Cause of death it was still a disappointment. Cornwell has moved away from the suspense that was prominent in her earlier novels on to page up and page down with autopsy details and an unbelivable admiration for the FBI. Many sideline stories and persons could have been developed more, now the ending was abrupt and the reader was not given much of a chance of guessing the identity of the killer. It feels like massproduction (of crime novels).
B000002L9Y|5.0|It's really weird to hear Fleetwood Mac in such an 80s context, but it works, once again.  This is truly an album a casual listener can enjoy just as much as the die-hard Mac fans.
155927378X|5.0|This book was first read to me by my brother when I was around 6 or 7 and it has stuck with me through present college life.  Recently, I've just started to read the text again....for the first time.   <BR> The book on tape read by Lawrence Pressman, though abridged, is absolutely a joy to listen to during a long airplane or car trip.
006017322X|5.0|Simply marvelous in both technique and content. Brilliantly written in first person as only a master of her craft could possibly accomplish. This was Lee's only novel, and when you've done it right, one may just be enough. Recommended reading for anyone, especially those of us from the South. This is who we were, and who we still are under the surface veneer of only sixty years of attempt to change perceptions of people. Outstanding book.
B000000WA4|5.0|By the time Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness  Cd came out we all wern't sure if we'd ever hear from that group again. But when I listen to that particular CD You hear the Heart and Soul of Billy Corgan.I'm glad your all still here creating everything that you are!!:)Keep up the good work! &quot;ROCK THE NATION&quot;
B000002L5I|5.0|I cannot put into words how moved I was with this entire album.  This boy has talent beyond belief!  Anyone that is a lover of music should add this one to their collection.  His music may be fairly new compared to the great sounds of Buddy Guy and Muddy Waters, but, his music will be timeless.  His influences are apparent, yet individual.  His sound is reminiscent, yet unique. What a talent!!
0790729385|5.0|That was the most scarry movie i have ever seen.  When I saw that movie I couldn't sleep for almost a year     END
0440224764|4.0|This was a very interesting book. It unravelled so quickly I didn't know what was happening. You would think if the guy stole millions of dollars from his firm, he would be the bad guy, but, Grisham made the guy out to be good...which bewildered me. But, then more surprises unravel and there was a reason for him to steal the money. The book wasn't really centered around a court room, which is a change to Grisham's books, the ending was unbelievable. But I won't ruin it for you, and I recommend this book. Especially to Time to Kill, and Chamber readers.
0060975768|5.0|As an Infantry Lieutenant who flew  helicopters in  Viet Nam and a student of military  history for the past forty years I found  'We Were Soldiers Once and Young&quot; to be  a fascinating read. It is really two  books that run concurrently.The first is  about the leadership of a small  outgunned army of citizen soldiers who  were tryng to figure out a way to win  against the big guy. This they learned  in the Ia Drang and, given that there  would be no change in U.S. strategy to  negate the knowledge the NVA acquired  from this battle the Viet Nam War was  effectively lost at that point for the  U.S.<br />The second is as close as you can get to  that dirt in the face, taste of terror  in your mouth, please God let me live  through this, feeling that all soldiers  experience in battle without your having  to endure the actual thing. So  engrossing was this part of the book  that, although I already knew the  outcome, I found myself trying to will  some of the indivdual participants in  this battle to a different conclusion  than the one that was already written  for them.<br />This book is an engrossing piece of  living history and I highly recommend  it.Yes, war is hell and a tragedy almost  beyond comprehension. Commanders make  mistakes that lose them. all men are not  heroes and not everybody remembers  things the same way but for those who of  you who know a Viet Nam Era grunt who  humped the boonies and you have wondered why he is different from everybody else  this book will help you understand. For  those who want some insight into what  happened in Viet Nam and why we lost  that war this book will answer some of  those  questions. For those interested in only  a gut-wrenching account of ground combat this book will give it to you with  nothing held back. I think we all should  read it, and maybe again.
0452273331|5.0|I wage a personal war against all those who critizise this book as promoting egotism (in in conventional sense, not in Rand's) and republicansim. Those who deride this brilliant piece as such have either not read the book (such as the writers of &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot; in which a total egotistical jerk says it's his bible) or just could not understand Rand's true, complex messsage. I pity you if you fall into one of those catagories, for I found this book to be thought provoking, even if disturbingly so. I couldn't get this book out of my head for months and am still trying to decide to what extent I subscribe to Rand's philosophy. Much of what Anne Rnad has to say will strike a chord within you. However, I do have problems with certain aspects...for one, in order for Rand to make her point, her characters become a little linear, and she becomes rather repetative. However, my main problem with Anne Rand's philosophy/novel is it's hopelessness: we can NEVER achieve the ideal that she presents, nor would we necessarily survive the process to achieve the ideal. If you are prepared to live with that wrenching reality, read and love the novel. Otherwise, be careful, for you can neither read this novel lightly nor survive it without a few scars. Still, a gut feeling tells me that those scars are worth it and that everyone should read this book. It should be required for living even if  you don't agree with the philosophy! Having totally frightened you all off :), I still hope that you above all ENJOY The Fountainhead! I wish you happy and fun reading!
0446364495|1.0|The Ditches of Edison County. If you hated &quot;Bridges&quot; as much as I did, this version will be extremely rewarding; if you happen to fall into that set of readers who liked the original, who knows--you might learn why you shouldn't.
B000003TBP|5.0|Even if you've somehow never heard of Beck Hansen until now, or if like me you heard about him for years but never actually seriously listened to any of his music, you need to sit down and LISTEN to Odelay. Then like me you'll try to find every single other recording he's made. He's everything anyone who likes music could want him to be, and something else I can't really say. Maybe he just has Kerouac's enigmatic &quot;IT&quot;..... truly normally insane unique crazy mad fingerpicking holyboy Beck is a Docter Sax for our times, mixing his verbal herbs to keep the impending serphents of our times from swallowing the art/music world completely.  What can anyone say.  He's Beck, man.
B000002J1O|4.0|Selling England By The Pound is one of the more under-rated Genesis albums.  Rarely considered an album of any import by critics, as the two other Amazon reviews attest, it is easily one of Genesis fans' favorite album.  Not showy but more a collection of music that slowly gets under your skin until you find yourself stringing together any number of tremendous Peter Gabriel lyrics.  An excellently whimsical and romantic effort by an important band.
B00000253N|5.0|&quot;Early one mornin' the sun was shinin'...&quot; This album astounds me, turns my blood to ice and makes my heart ache. When he sings, &quot;If you get close to her/Kiss her once for me....&quot; you can hear, in his voice, every nerve in his body stripped raw. Actually, I'm wrong--this entire album is one man's heart, broken open. It is as immediate and timeless as any great work of literature or film--but you didn't need me to tell you that! I love &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; intensely. When he gets to the part:&quot;The Priest wore black on the seventh day/And sat stone-faced while the building burned/I waited foryou on the running boards/Near the cypress tree while the springtime turned/Sloooowly into autumn,&quot; I stand awed and silent. It gives me a feeling that I've only known reading Dostoevski or something of that sort. It really is beyond my power to describe. &quot;Shelter from the Storm&quot;--he actually uses the phrase &quot;creature void of form&quot;! And the jangle in his voice when he sings &quot;flowers in her hair&quot;...whew. Or the cool reference to those notoriously ill-mannered French poets Paul Verlaine and Arthur Rimbaud in &quot;You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go.&quot; (Verlaine, in his 30s, shot his young lover Rimbaud, 16. Didn't kill him. They got back together afterwards.) This may be, song by song, Dylan's greatest album. It's a living thing--that's Dylan's blood in those grooves, man.
B000002C1Z|5.0|High quality Floyd.  Roger Waters finds himself in a dynamic comfort zone-- easing insight and context for the world around him.  He wastes no words and the haunting imagery of the songs, like a great bottle of Bordeaux, gets better and better the more it ages.  David Gilmour walks hand-in-hand with his mate in creating one of their excellent late efforts.
B0000062GE|5.0|Ungod gave the band an image of Nine Inch Nails ripoffs, but with Wither Blister Burn + Peel, and now Darkest Days the band has made its own mark as an emotion filled band.  Songs like &quot;Darkest Days&quot; and &quot;Waking Up Beside&quot; deal with self-torment as well as love lost. The use of guitars and keyboards creates walls of sound which compliments power of the lyrics.  Stabbing Westward's music is not for everyone, but if you like music which deals with raw emotions this is the album that won't disappoint.
B000002J29|5.0|Having sat front row center for this tour, twice, I cannot express higher praise for an effort that maintained the integrity of the Gabriel-era band while transitioning Collins to the front.  To his credit, he doesn't try to imitate Gabriel, but rather tries and often succeds in bringing his own style in the spirit of Gabriel.  This is truly a masterful live recording.
0670880728|5.0|Single women must read this... then pass it on to their silly married friends!<br />A friend picked this up for me in London 2 weeks ago, finished it in less than 2 days. Having lived in London myself almost 10 years ago, it was like going back to a familiar place. <br />Bridget Jones is a young 30-something singleton who obsesses about her weight, her alcohol unit and cigarette consumption, and the men in her life (or lack thereof). Her insights are hilarious, sometimes painful, and occasionally ludicrous... but a fun ride regardless. You will wish you knew her by the time you are finished with this book.<br />My only hope is that the publisher didn't dumb down the incredible English wit for the American reader. There are different terms and spellings than American English, but be patient and you'll get it! Enjoy!! CR-
B000002J2B|4.0|An album released just prior to the Seconds Out tour, Wind &amp; Wuthering has some very beautiful music within the fragile state the band seemed to be experiencing.  Art rock was waning and the band was trying to hold on to its musical core.  Much of their effort is successful, although purists will begin to notice Phil Collins slipping in and out of some very obviously POP style phrasing-- foreshadowing the artistic death of the band.  After this one, there's nothing else to consider... regardless of how many records were sold.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is the best album I have ever heard by far.  Many times when you buy a CD, there would be only some songs which you actually enjoy and all the others you just skip.  With this album, EVERY SONG is excellent and you will be entertained from beginning to end with catchy tunes and beats.  You will not be sorry buying this CD.
B000002BQK|1.0|Here we go again, with sugar-coated love songs, but with an added twist:  she now considers herself an &quot;R&amp;B crossover artist&quot;.  It doesn't work.  Mariah Carey, the singer that once told a reporter that she couldn't understand how Alanis Morissette won Grammy's for singing songs with &quot;sexual lyrics&quot;, sings a few songs about sex herself (&quot;Honey&quot;, &quot;The Roof&quot;, &quot;Breakdown&quot;).
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley is one of the greatest musicians I've ever heard. Grace is an album of great diversity that will reward you with new discoveries every time you listen. Last Goodbye is a great pop ballad. Corpus Christi Carol is a beautiful ballad full of Jeff's haunting voice. But its a cover of Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah that will tear the listener up. Its magic!!!!!
0140186409|5.0|Grapes of wrath , simply put is one of the greatest stories ever penned by Steinbeck . This along with East of Eden are truly masterpieces and confirm his position as the pre-eminent author of this century.
0440224764|4.0|Eloquent and intriguing.  I was hooked to the plot, the characters, and the concept in general.  Certainly Grisham's best work in a while.  Especially after a couple of disappointing ventures recently.  Everything fits together perfectly and even manages to remain believable until the end...however, I still recommend this book to any fan of Grisham.
B000002ITG|5.0|This album is a compendium of nearly all of Zepplin's great hits.  I bought it 5 years ago, and I still listen to it very often.  No one can compare to this album...no one.
0201634988|4.0|This CD should not be considered a replacement for the book, at least as long as you are like me and like the portability of a book, it's ability to record notes, etc.<br />What John Vlissides and the folks at AWL have done very well is re-shaping the book to electronic form.  This is not just a duplication of the book, but a genuine adaptation of the content to a different medium, in this case HTML.  Perhaps most valuable for me is the ability to pop this in and do a full-text search.  I still use the paper book, though.<br />It would have rated 5 stars but for one thing: the inability to record notes within the medium.  That's not the fault of the publisher or anyone--it's a difficult technical problem that hopefully someone will solve.<br />I would heartily recommend this to consultants or anybody who doesn't necessarily have a &quot;home base&quot; because these are much easier to lug through airports than the hardcover GoF book. :-)
B000002KCV|5.0|A few months ago I bought a replacement copy of this title and was surprised by the quality of the music. Although I have everything done by Neil through the years - multiple copies and almost all formats - a &quot;Neil Young&quot; album just was not &quot;NY&quot; unless it had a few songs which could start earthquakes with the fury of his amazing lead guitar... coupled to some amazing lyrics.<br />So this is the one which slipped through the cracks of my memory.<br />It is definitely his best acoustic lyricism, and that is very very good. Neil Young, Glenn Frey, Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, (at one time) John Prine, David Crosby... are the only people still able to write the words and take them to the world.<br />Also, hearing Nicolette Larson reminds me of how much we lost so recently.
B000005ALP|5.0|This band can tell a story and use music in a creativ logic way so that the songs stands naked ifront of you. Very close  to the way Paul Auster tell his stories.Brilliant!
B000002GAF|5.0|I Just Wanna Stop is one of his most popular songs but only begins to tell of family togetherness. His songs with his brothers Joe  and Ross are the warmest.  Love And Emotion, Feel Like Flying, Brother To Brother, Wheels Of Life and People I Belong To are  song I listen to over and over.As in all of Gino's music, this album makes me feel good about the people I belong to as well.. Each title is masterfully written, performed and produced.
0679735909|5.0|Possession is a tour de force of modern literary writing and has much humor to recommend it as well. The poetry, crafted in two poetical styles and sensibilities, as if written by a male...and then a female, the rich victorian sentences and paragraphs, and the modern active prose that hangs the two stories together leave nothing to be desired. A perfect novel full of mystery and intrigue, passion, structured artifice, humor and humanity, wry fun and wit.
0688152023|5.0|As a middle-age woman taking her first dance lessons, I found this book and its photos of dancers' bodies to be very inspirational. The stretches are challenging but doable, and the introductory text on the ballet company itself is interesting.
0131103628|5.0|This book is wonderful for the C language, because  C is so small and simple, therefore a referance book should also be.  Definitely don't try to learn from it, but it is a must for C programmers that already know the language.  A good buy that will last as long as C is still used
B000002699|5.0|Being a huge fan of Miles Davis and the jazz/rock, genre, I consider this to be essential listening. Long tracks, the band members stretch out with lots of tasty, bluesy riffs and colorful phrasing.  This is extremely soulful music.  After having lost my record collection which had included an extensive Davis section, this is the first CD I am getting in the rebuilding process.
B0000047CX|5.0|My all-time favorite jazz recording. 10 stars!! The best introduction to jazz, Cool Jazz, Samba, and Bossa Nova. Stan Getz makes each note sound beautiful, and three-dimensional, as if it were sculpted in blue velvet fog. Stan sounds less as if he was playing the sax than breathing the notes out from his soul. His contemporaries called him &quot;The Sound&quot;.<br />Joao Gilberto sings and wife Astrud sings with a rather small voice. Intimate and romantic. For more Stan and less singing, &quot;Jazz Samba&quot; is similar but all instrumental.<br />Technical note: The recorded this record at 30ips tape speed when the industry standard was 15ips. Spectacularly well recorded, it sounds like it was recorded yesterday, not 35 years ago, on the new VERVE 20 bit version ONLY. Try listening on a Single Ended Triode Amp for the ultimate!
B000001TVD|5.0|This is among the best electric funk efforts I've ever heard.  Ever since I first put the needle down on &quot;Super Stupid&quot; back in '71, I've been funkin' ever since.  Eddie Hazel's guitar playing is truly incendiary!  The rhythm section is super tight!  This music will change your life.
B000002UAX|5.0|If you like the Beatles and you haven't bought this album, you need to.  It's one of the greatest albums of all-time if not just of the Beatles.
B00000292K|5.0|This is one of the Top 10 funkiest albums of all time.  Dense, hypnotic groove, phat bass lines, propulsive percussion.  15 years after hearing it for the first time, sometimes the riffs will pop into my head and just start playing, as if the music was like a subway or bus line that has always been running 24/7.  Like the early hip-hop line goes - &quot;...and you don't stop&quot;
B000000OF6|5.0|I love Queen. Every song they make is a hit to me.
0385484518|5.0|I just finished listening to the tape of Tuesdays with Morrie while on a long drive. I loved the &quot;book&quot; and at the end of the tape there's a bonus for the listener. After hearing the author recount his conversations with Morrie his former professor, you get to hear Morrie's voice and the actual taped conversations they shared. Hearing Morrie come to life left me with the feeling that I really got to know him!
B000002GQG|5.0|I'm not a musician and I really don't count as any sort of expert. And, truthfully, for many years during the '70's (my college years), I found the Moody Blues kind of--well, depressing. This was the first Moody Blues album that I ever bought, and it is still the one that I enjoy the most. The original version of Legend of A Mind is more melodic than the later version in the box-set (which I also heard during a concert in New Haven, Ct. a few years ago), and Legend of a Mind and OM have always helped me to climb-down from the workday and become human again. And, I like the continuity of the album; it has never been just a set of disjointed songs to me.
0440224764|4.0|I thouroughly enjoyed this book and will read it again.  The ideas were interesting and shows how criminals can fall through the cracks of the justice system.  The only reason I rated it a 4 instead of 5, is because of the ending.  Maybe thats a cue to the author to write The Partner II and give the readers what they want to see happen...
B0000060NF|5.0|There is a lot that a full moon can do for you, if the stars are out. But, there is even more that Marvin Gaye can do with his album &quot;What's Going On?&quot; The songs flow one into the other like a story, and have the ability to complete any romantic dinner or, more perfectly, any time alone to think and dream. The singing on the second track &quot;what's happening, brother?&quot; makes the album worth it, alone. His voice is paralled by no one else other than Nat King Cole. This album speaks volumes about the troubles of humanity - black and white, male and female. It speaks to the 60s generation, but there is a deeper spirituality and sense of soul that extends to this era just as well. If you want to shiver, drown, and then sleep soundly, than I suggest you buy this album. Nothing is quite as smooth, nothing is quite as sensual, nothing is quite as meaningful. Lastly, nothing today is being produced, I think, that can compare. The catch phrase is &quot;just do it.&quot; You will not regret this most incredible soul purchase.
0670880728|2.0|Hours spend reading novel (4).  Cigaretts smoked 12 (one after each months diary entry). Weight: 140 (smoked instead of ate out of frustration).<br />8:00 p.m.  Writing review for Amazon. Com. 8:01 p.m.  Wondering what to say about Bridget. 8:02 p.m.  Everyone loves Bridget Jones.  Everyone but, perhaps, me.  Is it because I am a male that I find Bridget rather innocuous?  Or is it because I feel that author, Helen Fielding, chose to write not about the perils of a young single British woman but created rather yet another male-bashing story told by a rather vacuous woman. 8:03 p.m.  I don't mean to say that Bridget is an air-head.  However some of the situations she becomes involved with in her relationships with men deserve to end up the way they do and Bridget should not complain. 8:15 p.m.  When I began this book I laughed until I almost cried.  Unfortunately the laughter, for me, disappeared.  Bridget Jones's Diary is a wonderfully inventive idea.  It is novel, kitch and cute.  It is appearent that Ms. Fielding has a funny sense of humor.  A diary-like format for a book is most clever.  Why couldn't Bridget Jones have been a woman with more substance? 8:30 p.m.  Woman love this book and buy it as fast as the publisher can print it. 8:31 p.m.  Men:  Think, before purchasing.
0451191153|5.0|But since then I have read some of the other reviews.  Those who complained, I can not beleive the crap they came up with.  One person said &quot;The Fountainhead was about two things, sex and architecture and if you see anything more to it you need to go play ball&quot;.  A lot of them complained that it was too long, so I am sorry if this book was not as short and compact as your coloring books.  I would like to tell anyone who plans to read this, or is thinking about it, that this book is NOT about architecture, and it is not about the number of pages, and it is not about pure entertainment (if you want that, get a romance novel and stop whining).  It is about Howard Roark against the world.  The characters are not supposed to be realistic, they are the extremes, but the ideas are by no means unrealistic.  And it is also about great philosophy.  So with THAT in mind, read it! - Comments are welcomed, this book DESERVES a good discussion.
B000000WCA|5.0|An awesome album!I love it!It's still one of my favorites!Hot,spicy fun!Brilliant dance tracks along with a few slow jams.Buy it today!
0451191153|5.0|What an amazing book.  I can honestly say it was one of the best books I have ever read.  For people who are feeling like they always are choosing between themselves and the world this is THE BOOK.  I have always felt as though I had to live for me even if others don't approve, and for those of you who feel like that every day, you know it is HARD.  This book was a great encouragement, it defines the ideas that until now have been hard to grasp.  It might seem a hard read at first but once you get it it all comes together.  There is so much greatness in this book but I guess everyone has to discover that for themselves.  I just want to say that after reading it, I have seen the &quot;second handers&quot; in my life and know how to better handle them from now on.  Lastly, and most importantly, I feel better nowing that living for me and no one else will pay off.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is an amazing album.It takes you places you never thought Madonna would take you.She finally seems to have exited the bedroom,put on her bathrobe and decided to write her memories of the past 15 years in the form of 13 songs.This is an extreme change from her old material.She sounds at peace,calmer,happier,more content with life.She credits the changes to her daughter,nicknamed Lola.It has techno dance beats but deep meaning and life experience.Madonna seems to have finally grown up.
0783226063|5.0|Dune is a good movie if you have read the book. If you haven't read the book, it's very confusing. If you can get your hands on the 6 hour version it will make much more sense.  It Has commentary by the author.     END
B000000WFF|5.0|The girls are back and hot as ever!They soar to new heights in songs like &quot;Stop&quot; with it's funky, Motown groove or &quot;The Lady Is A Vamp&quot; with it's fun 40's sound.Check this one for sure!
0790731452|5.0|&lt;MA&gt;Funny &lt;ID4&gt;Over hyped &lt;MA&gt;Well written &lt;ID4&gt;Written by some one who didn't own a watch &lt;MA&gt;Great cast &lt;ID4&gt;Will Smith had to carry the film.<br />All in all this is one of the best alien spoofs films.     END
B000002BQK|5.0|This is a brilliant mix of hip hop and soul that no music lover's collection should be without.With a little help from Puff Daddy,Bone Thugs and Harmony and Missy Elliot Mariah has put together yet another collection of brilliant hits!Buy this one today if you don't have it already.
B000002C1W|5.0|A Momentary Lapse of Reason is a perfect example of the genius of David Gilmour. Going forth without Roger Waters, Gilmour takes Pink Floyd to a whole new level, which continues to this day. This is clearly one of the top five albums of the 80s.
0898705525|5.0|Portly, fun loving, witty G.K. Chesterton decided to write this book as a companion volume to his book HERETICS.  Since HERETICS had criticised contemporary philosophies, ORTHODOXY was written to present an alternative viewpoint, and is therefore both affirmative in tone and autobiographical in many places.  A sampling of his chapter titles gives some idea of Chesterton's sense of fun as well as his unusual approach to the matter of Christianity.  Chapter one is &quot;In Defense of Everything Else&quot; (one pictures Chesterton with a whimsical, impish smile on his face as he wrote this).  There are also chapters on &quot;The Suicide of Thought&quot;, &quot;The Ethics of Elfland&quot; (a really superb chapter), &quot;The Maniac&quot;, and &quot;The Paradoxes of Christianity&quot;.  In this easily readable book (only 160 pages in the small paperback edition), Chesterton shows that theological reflections and philosophical ruminations need be neither boring nor incomprehensible.  This was jolly good fun to read, being both funny and intellectually stimulating.  Highly recommended.
0670880728|5.0|I bought this book for the plane ride back from London. It's perfect in that setting...or whenever you need something purely fun. Great English humor in the tradition of P.G. Wodehouse.
0441003257|5.0|I completely adore this book! I like it better than anything else I have read by both Gaiman and Pratchett. It's just soooo weird, yet it sort of makes sense (which is quite frightening). If this is what the apocalypse will be like, then I can't wait!  P.S. Crowley is the best character of all time.
0385485786|5.0|The clever plot, personable characters and writing style are the best of Grisham.  Holds your attention, easy to read and follow when you have to read it in chunks of time.  Can't wait for the movie!
B000002HH2|4.0|the first time i heard hyperballad my heart pounded with the beat...and the plaintive strength of her voice...soso moving...<br />isobel and possibly maybe seduce enchant enthrall<br />i can't get over how pretty and powerful bjork is
B000002KIE|1.0|Pure crap. It is just amazing that some critics praise the band and anything it produced. About its sucess? Well, prefab stupidity like KISS, Marylin Manson, The Monkees and ABBA, to name a few, sometimes hit the big time. Sex Pistols is just another example.<br />If I want to listen to punk rock (whatever it means) then I'll favour Stooges, MC5 and the clownesque masters of the genre, Ramones.
B000005EJL|3.0|Like a couple of the other reviewers, I was disappointed by my first listen to this CD.  I skipped from song to song looking for the old Supertramp energy and didn't find it.  BUT, taken on its own without comparison to what went before,  this is good music.  I like the variety of the instrumentation and the clean, bright sound of all the tracks.  I agree with another review in that there is nothing really new in the melodies or lyrics, but the quality of the production more than makes up for it.  The old Supertramp innovativeness isn't there, but compared to almost all the new music coming out these days, this CD is actually a breath of fresh air!
B0000026WD|5.0|Michaels best pure dance album.  With the exeption  of &quot;heal the world&quot; and &quot;gone to soon&quot; this album is near perfect.Ask anyone who has ever dnaced to the point of sweating to &quot;why you wanna trip on me&quot; or &quot;she drives me wild&quot; and they will surely tell you the funk is real. Unfortunately this album didnt get the respesct it deserved,  do to Michaels personal life grabbing the headlines instead of his music.
0425098478|1.0|...I was given this as a gift and did take the time to wade through its moralizing, preachy text.  &quot;People are Your Most Valuable Assets,&quot; the authors breathlessly remind us, as if those of us in business are somehow blind to this obvious truth. Its fundamental promise of transforming ones' organization, like that of so many management gurus, rests on the notion that the authors' sheer intelligence and brilliant insights into human nature will transform any organization into a productivity machine. This, as anyone with a real job can tell you, is long, hard work deeply idiosyncratic to the specifics of one industry -- nothing that can be collapsed into a book; certainly not one as thin as this one. Which is not to say that the One Minute Managers is all bad. It paints a wonderful theoretical world where all interpersonal problems can be solved in 59 seconds flat thanks to the fact that the characters are all fictional. It is a terrific daydream. Because that is really what the One Minute Manager, like most fad management books, are about...
B0000025NU|5.0|I'm from Long Island, where everyone is born with a copy of &quot;The Stranger&quot; in their hand.  I had heard my parents listening to this tape (and &quot;An Innocent Man&quot; for years and years, but my favorite album was always &quot;Turnstiles,&quot; especially &quot;Summer, Highland Falls&quot; and &quot;Miami 2017,&quot; the latter because it told a story.  A few years ago, while rummaging through a bargain bin in Borders, I came across &quot;Songs In the Attic.&quot;  I bought it, took it home and was amazed.  The songs that I had loved off of other albums that really never sounded very good were incredibly vivid.  I also loved the liner notes.  There's a sense of purity to them ... a &quot;this is what rock and roll is&quot; feeling that is accented by the fact that many of the settings for these songs are small clubs ... and the venues give the album its great feel.  I think Billy's right--you can't have &quot;Miami 2017&quot; unless it's in Madison Square Garden, or &quot;Captain Jack&quot; in the Spectrum.  It's one of those albums that nobody has ... but the person who does is envied by those who don't.
0790734850|5.0|If there is one title in your DVD collection you must own, L.A. Confidential is that title. First off, the story is terrific. This movie was denied it's rightful title of best picture by that sinking ship of a movie, Titanic. The story is twisted and after you're done, you have to watch it all over again to catch everything you missed the first time. Second, this is the DVD that you can show off to your friends to sell them on what a great technology that DVD is. Several behind the scenes featurettes. Multiple trailers. And the ultra-cool map of L.A. with all the sites used in the movie thal you can jump between and see more about each one.<br />This feature-packed movie would be a bargain at twice the price. Instead, it's a steal!     END
0394533992|5.0|I have been using this book, and it's companion Volume 2, for over 20 years.  It is by far the best cookbook for French cuisine on the market.  The clear, step-by-step directions, with extensive illustrations, carefully guide you through each recipe.   It teaches all of the basic techniques required to become proficient in the greatest cuisine in the world.<br />Try Julia's chocolate mousse and you'll never use another recipe,(but you will have to walk it off). I'm ordering a replacement copy from Amazon because my original is has been so used the binding has fallen apart!  I wouldn't be without it.
B0000021RB|5.0|What's there not to like about this album? If you're a fan of Chicago, well written lyrics, and the fusion of traditional rock instruments with brass, then this album is for you. Take a nostalgic trip back to the infancy of a band who would later simplify their name to &quot;Chicago.&quot;  Chicago Transit Authority--and its namesake album title--is chock full of memorable hits that will often conjure memories of where you were and what you were doing the first time you heard them. Besides outstanding hits such as &quot;Does Anybody Know What Time It Is?&quot; and &quot;Beginnings&quot;, the album draws its strength from supporting songs such as &quot;Listen&quot;, &quot;Question 67 and 68&quot;, &quot;I'm a Man&quot;, as well as the others. It's the debut of a musical force that has survived and prospered over the course of approximately 2.5 decades. Kick back, relax, and listen to the distictive sound of the &quot;Windy City.&quot; Enjoy...
0887307396|5.0|This book eloquently articulates how the culture of a company is its underlying strength.  It also anecdotes how important it is for an employee's value set to closely resemble that of the company they work for.  Collins and Porras should be given a medal for the outstanding quanitative work that they presented!!
0553573403|5.0|I picked this book up because of the art on the cover and was a bit hesitant. A Game of Thrones is wonderful and one of the best fantasy novels I have ever read. It has many intersting sub-plots not to mention developed characters without the constant use of magic that many fantasy books seem to rely on. George R. R. Martin has written a masterpiece that should be a must read for anybody who likes a good mystery, intrigue,interesting characters (Jon) and &quot;direwolfs&quot;, and yes magic. Should be placed right next to the works by Tolkien, Williams, and Donaldson  on all bookshelves.! Have high hopes for &quot; A Clash of Kings&quot;.
B000006OAM|1.0|This CD bored me to tears from start to finish. I thought it was much weaker than some of her previous offerings. The musicianship is there, but the writing is very low key and unintersting. The best thing about it was the photos on the insert, other than that, unless you are a raging insomniac, you'll probably have no use for this thing.
B000002KDX|5.0|If there should be named ten albums that are typical for the atmosphere in the 70's, this one should be amongst it. Listen for yourself !
B0000028PI|5.0|I do not have the CD but heard a few cuts on Randall Terry Live and can't wait to purchase it. Another black sheep, a'la Bob Dylan.  Probably to controversial for most Christian stores...can't even find it here in Omaha.  But way to go Epic Records for bringing home some great, thoughtful and sensitive songs, by an honest, real gold &quot;rocker&quot; from my past.  Gonna order it now.  you should too.  You'll be pleasantly surprised :)
0812550706|4.0|I loved this book.  It was a fantastic read and an  interesting, somewhat original plotline.  I felt that he need to spend a little bit of extra time on the last chapter, where alot of important stuff was said.  However, I highly recommend this book to anyone!  Some keen insight on human psycosis.
B000002UKS|4.0|I was stunned by the quality of this record.<br />I had hardly expected Grohl to be the Jawbreaker/Sunny Day Real Estate fan that he apparently is, and the magnificent guitar hooks that he exhibits (&quot;My Hero&quot;, &quot;Everlong&quot;) just blew me away on first listen.  In addition, the raw emotion that radiates off this record is much like that from the first two Nirvana records (to pick a couple out of my hat), as well as &quot;Bivouac.&quot;<br />Highly recommended.
0553277472|5.0|I read this book as a psychology undergrad at age 20 and thought it was about mental illness.  I read it again as a software analyst at age 30 and found that it's about quality, and that it contains relevant, useful, and powerful tools for solving quality problems in the real world.<br />The alienation with technology that Pirsig addresses is a bigger problem than ever. &quot;Dummies&quot; books are best sellers, and &quot;web sites that suck&quot; is a popular web site. The digital revolution is fraught with real-world quality problems, and Pirsig's metaphysics gives insight to their root causes. His metaphysics is of sound philosophical construct, and that's why it still works decades later.<br />The book is not about Zen, art, or motorcycles, so please don't mind the title. The protagonist is a rhetorician. The title is a rhetorical tool.  Pirsig defines a &quot;classic-romantic split&quot; that explains why we have so many technology products that are more frustrating than useful. He argues that quality can't be found in objects (products) or subjects (critics), which explains why evaluating quality is difficult. <br />I'm reading it again this summer at age 37, and it's helping me rebuild my world view in response to the changing times, which is the primary useful value of philosophy. Next, I'm going to re-read the sequel, &quot;Lila&quot; which, despite its less interesting plot, has an even better explication of the &quot;metaphysics of quality&quot; than ZAMM.
B000006OAM|4.0|I never found Natalie or 10,000 Maniacs that interesting, but WOW.  This cd is simple, subtle, beautiful, moving -- give her a try.
B000002L99|5.0|This CD is my personal favorite with some great tunes.  Although this CD does not have the normal cutting guitar work from Eddie, it does have some enjoyable tunes and Sammy on lead makes them great.
B0000027RL|5.0|What can I say?  It's a masterpiece!  Vedder's vocals are filled with emotion while Mcready's lead guitar screams in the background.  I think Jeremy is one of the greatest songs ever written and certainly has a lot more meaning than some of the pop and techno crap nowadays.  Pearl Jam blows away the other excuses for rock of the 90's with this wonderful blend of grunge and 70's rock.  A Pearl Jam fan or not, BUY THIS CD!! You will be after you do!
6303433766|5.0|This is one of the most intense and emotionally wrenching movies I have seen (and I've seen many). The acting and writing are superb, the directing is a dream and the final sequence of event so intensely intermingled you will be breathless by the final shot. This is a movie that will make you feel every emotion intensely. It's an all around terrific piece of film making. See it!!!     END
0061008079|5.0|This is by far one of the best books I have ever read.  The characterizations are vivid, the plot lines are rich, and it is a perfect set-up for the two sequels that follow.  This book is on the caliber of &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot;.
1563523302|2.0|I didn't like the book at all. I thought it was a  book that tells you HOW to make some money. All it did was tell me ABOUT people who were wealthy. No tips on how to become wealthy. I want something that I could use in real life. I found it boring and a waste of time.
B000006OAM|4.0|This CD is worth it if only for the harmony between Merchant &amp; Karen Peris (Innocence Mission) on the traditional song, &quot;Golden Bells&quot;.  The rest of the CD is very good, but this cut is divine.
B000000HSU|5.0|Slightly more produced than their first cassette on Roir records, this CD contains many (now) classics on it. A total of 20 songs with enough punch to knock out a rhino. Blitzkreig hardcore with intermittent periods of mellow roots reggae. Hailing from DC, they not only broke the punk scene, they broke the race barrier after tearing it to shreds. Safe to say one of the greatest albums from this genre of all time.
1573225517|5.0|What a great male confessional. Don't let your girlfriend get a hold of this one!
B000000OPU|5.0|Almost every single song on this CD is lush.  &quot;Don't Give Up&quot; with the help of goddess Kate Bush is heavenly.  I definetly recommend this to anyone !
B000002UKS|5.0|The songs on this album are definitely top notch. My fave song is &quot;My Hero&quot;. The feeling in that song captures the emotions I feel when I see Griffey knock one outta the park, or the way you feel when you shake the hand of the president. It also captures another emotion, which is a little bit of jealousy, and it seems as if he is singing about how cool his friend is, and how his best friend is rich, and gets all the girls, and has a nice car, and has all the looks etc. and feels like his friend is forgettin about him. See for yourself. Track seven. Is it in you?
B000001FXT|5.0|One of the best examples of the mature Marley and the long term Wailers.  This is the evolution of true roots reggae at its finest.  If you are just starting a collecton or are looking to add to your Marley selections this is a must have...Exodus, Kaya and Uprising are the others. It is still an accurate social and political portrayal today as the day it was written. Outstanding!!
0440224764|4.0|Over 4 days this past weekend, I flew through the Partner, and pretty much loved it.  I was captivated by the brilliance of Lanigan, even though every thing did seem to fall into place almost too conveniently.  I was also inspired by the devotion and sacrafice that Leah (Eva) gave to helping Patrick.  I didn't mind the fact that I found some of the subplots to be be boring and lacking in any value to the book.  I especially disliked the subplot about Lance trying to kill Patrick.  Overall, I found this book to be one of the better ones in the Grisham collection.  He seemed to try hard though to ruin the book with the ending. ...<br />Despite the ending, I still think it was an excellent read, and I still strongly recommend it.
0679721037|5.0|Hiroshima is a sensational book that tells about the destruction of a nation, and definatly does its part in teaching about the effects of war.   Instead of picking up a text book, pick up Hiroshima.  Those who can read should read this book.   John hersey captures the harsh truth of the way the atomic bomb changes the lives of the Japanese citazens. Along with reading about world war two this book must be read.
0316921173|5.0|Okay, let me get it out of the way: This is, with the possible exceptions of Steven Millhauser's &quot;Edwin Mullhouse&quot; and Jim Bouton's &quot;Ball Four&quot;, my favorite book that doesn't have pictures. I even like the lack of an ending, and am glad that Wallace allowed the implications of the book to resonate on their own instead of doing the literary equivalent of ending The Ring Cycle with &quot;Shave and a Haircut.&quot; That said; interesting points have been made in this review thread, with the expected comparisons (Pynchon, who doesn't do much for me, DeLillo, who's pretty cool but no Steven Millhauser, Gaddis, who I'll get to eventually, really, I promise, etc.) being made.     But, to me, Wallace's closest relation is Chris Ware, author of the supernally brilliant comic book &quot;Acme Novelty Library.&quot; Now, before you all tease me for comparing Gen-U-Ine Lit-Ra-Ture to a goshdarn comic book (though anyone who gets Infinite Jest probably doesn't have too many silly high-low culture hangups), consider these points:<br />  1. Both authors have, essentially, invented their own inimitable non-linear form, a form that both have, in interviews, expressly and repeatedly compared to music. Although it's as difficult to describe Acme's form to someone who hasn't read it as it would be to describe IJs, the word &quot;symphonic&quot; comes to mind for both. Not necessarily opposed to linearity, but more concerned with refracting experiences into themes and motifs. Jeez, was that pretentious enough, or what?<br />  2. Both author's have an extremely strong mathematical sensibility about them, and tend to express things schematically: compare the second part of Wallace's story in July's Esquire, &quot;Adult World,&quot; to one of Ware's mind-bogglingly intricate multi-dimensional flowcharts, and you'll see what I mean. With both authors, this tendency is often mistaken for coldness, but is really an attempt to circumvent the defenses of the readers and express intense pathos in a non-ironic manner! . <br />   3. On the musical tip, both authors also tend towards using what could be termed either &quot;call-and-response&quot; or &quot;parallel-processing&quot; features - i.e., where instead of there being one narrative voice, there are two whose interaction and contrast often point towards some sort of third, unspoken voice. This, of course, refers to Wallace's footnotes - with Ware, it's a little subtler, but generally tends to be felt in the way the ostensible content of the comic interacts with the fictional voice of the omnipresent Acme Novelty Library.<br />  4. Both are in love with words and language for their own sake - the sesquipedalian glee of IJ is without question, but Ware actually tops Wallace in this departnment, with his missives under the fictional voice of the Library being coded works of sheer demented brilliance. <br />  5. They're both kinda tall. Okay, I'm stretching here...<br />  Anyway, I could go on, but I get the feeling I'm just digging myself in a hole here. Really, the most striking similarities between their work are difficult to express in words, though I do find it interesting that both men admit to not owning TVs because of acknowledged addictions to pop pablum, and that both are clearly obsessive perfectionists striving for greatness in a very classic sense of the word. I guess my point here is this: if you felt a kinship with Infinite Jest - not just an intellectual fondness, but a genuine feeling of, uh, agape - do yourself a favor and track down Ware's gorgeous work. I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon has been criticized by those clinging to their feminist beliefs and political veils of b.s.  This is a fictional story--it is not supposed to be an exact account of Camelot and all of the legendary characters that we have come to know and love.  So relax!  This is a fun, colorful, mystical, whirling adventure that allows the reader to escape to lands filled with mystery, love, family, magic--all from a woman's perspective.  Whether or not that perspective jives with the latest buzz word or idea in feminist thought is irrelevant.  This book is an escape--a journey to a time and place that no longer exists. It fulfills the promise of fiction.  If you have any imagination, you will truly enjoy the escape to Avalon!
B000002UTO|4.0|Couldn't agree more with the above review-great CD! The critics can say all they want-Duran Duran have a huge following and this Cd is one of the best. &quot;All she wants is&quot; really kicks. Great CD.
B000001FFJ|5.0|A virtuoso of an album for the ear.  Each song is a nickleodeon into a world of carnivalesque proportions.  A musical extravaganza to end all musicals.  It has the sweetness of a Brecht/Weill opera, the clank and boom of Partch.  Full of wit and audacity, &quot;Rain Dogs&quot; is the endearing equivalent to a haunting dream.  Like Waits' original title for the album, &quot;Evening Train Wrecks&quot;, each song is a disaster of music, but only a disaster in that disasters can be beautiful, can capture our essence the way only an accident can.  By surprising us.  By reminding us we are human.  A virtual encyclopedia of daydreams for the daydreamer, nightmares for the nightmarish.  Waits is the conductor of this train, set full steam for the guts.  Join him.  You won't be disappointed.
0440213525|3.0|To me this book was a pretty fast and easy read. The pace was great as well. But I find the ending a little abrupt and not too believeable. I prefer the Rainmaker and A time to Kill.
0767807561|4.0|Marisa Tormei plays a woman who was told by a fortune teller the name of the man she would marry.  She doesn't find him until just days before her wedding to another man when he calls to wish her husband-to-be good luck!  Calling off the wedding, she chases him around Europe in an attempt to find the the love of her life, taking with her her best friend.  Finally, she meets him in Rome, and the romance is instant.  But that's only the beginning...!  A wonderful tale of romance, &quot;Only You&quot; will not only show you love, it will show you Rome, Venice, and France!     END
0440211727|4.0|This is an enjoyable book as it is engaging, exciting yet realistic. The author paints a balanced picture of the various characters, ie no one is seen as too perfect or too evil. There's also a great sense of humor which surfaces often and serves to lighten the heaviness of the story.
1563523302|2.0|This book seems too be way too long for the information it provides. You could have summed it up in about three pages. And Duh! if you make a lot of money and don't spend it you will be a millionare. I'm sure about 85% of the population of Beverly Hills also has a nice retirement plan set up for them dispite their lavish lifestyle.  I personally believe it is possible to live well and stil accumulate wealth.  In twenty years when I am cruising down sunset Blvd. in my Ferrari I'll be sure to stop by my accountants and make sure I got enough to retire on.
006016848X|1.0|This book is superficial and stereotypes people. It is the worst of the pop psych genre. For really good books read THE ANGRY MARRIAGE BY DR. BONNIE MASLIN. This is the best of its kind and it really can open your eyes to the self defeating patterns couples can get locked into. Debra Tannen is also worth a read.
0679735909|5.0|Possession is, to use a hackneyed phrase, a tour de force.  The novel showcases Byatt's ability to work with countless genres to create a satisfying whole. Ranging from a modern-day mystery novel to an epistolary novel to epic poetry, Possession is a many-layered novel that demands more than one read.  I recommend reading it once for the plot (like any mystery, we want to know what happens next), and then again for the textual pleasure derived from Byatt's style. One warning: do not be confused by the title, &quot;Possession: A Romance.&quot; If you are looking for a love story a la Danielle Steel, you will be disappointed; Byatt is writing a romance in the true sense of the genre.  This book is definitely a worthy read, thought-provoking and entertaining. It's truly one of the best novels I have read in quite some time.
0804106304|5.0|As with all Amy Tan books, the beauty of the story lies in the telling. The life stories told by Chinese immigrant women to the American born generation is related in a languge rich in metaphor which reveals a poetic thought process that most Americans could only hope to experience. Not only are the stories of life in China moving, but the effect of these foreign lives on their relationships with their American daughters is reflected in Amy Tan's every beautiful, carefully chosen word.
0786108673|5.0|I am a psychiatric physician who requires that all my patients read this short book upon entering treatment with me.  This is really two separate wonderful small books:  First it is a unique survival manual, with the human perspective from someone who escaped death and unspeakable horror only by amazing luck. The second half of Man's Search for Meaning is another small book.  It outlines a combination of spiritual values and existential insight that precisely matches my own. Anyone considering psychotherapy should read this simple yet brillant book.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana at their best (when aren't they at there best). This CD has great tracks like Smells Like Teen Spirit, Lithium, Drain You, every track is awesome. BEST CD EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Must buy.
0451160916|5.0|Untill this book I had never been afraid of what I read. But Stephen King made it. &quot;The shining&quot; is thrilling since the beginning to the very last page. It's the story of an ex-teacher thrown out of his job for beating up a student. But the life of Jack Torrance is a complete mess. Not only he's unemployed, he's also a drunk. And in between he's got to take care of his wife and his enigmatic son, Danny. Ah, almost forgot: he has a dream of writing this masterpiece script, a book that will reach the top of the bestselling list. How he can do all this?  His companion in booze and master offers him a job as a caretaker of a famous hotel in Colorado during the winter season. The Overlook Hotel is famous not only because of its great view of the country, but for his shaky story. Built early in the century, it has passed through various owners, all faded with bankruptcy, Mafia murders and scandals. The present time of the story is the first year in many that the account books aren't closed in read ink. And Jake has to keep the integrity of the place during the long winter. It's the oportunity he asked for. Now he's got time for his family and his script. But...  His son Danny has some special gifts, discovered when he arrives at the Overlook and meets the old black cooker and is told that he has &quot;The shining&quot;. A power to view what other people can't normally see. That usually is something very nice, if you know how to use it in your favor. But that's something hard for a five-year old. And when the powerful forces that hide in the shadows of the Overlook decide to play with your gift, the long and easy winter may turn into a white-snow nightmare.  Stephen King was able to create some very complex characters. Jake is a booze addict with a very hard past relationship with his folks, and his tendence is to loose it with his family. His behavior gets worse when he discovers the history of the Hotel in some newspapers at the basement, and what happened to the last winter caretaker. ! Danny is the central point of the plot. The Overlook uses him to &quot;comunnicate&quot; with the Torrance family, using his shine against him. Danny can see with his eyes all the terrible things that took place in the hotel. Wendy is the powerless wife, sees his husband loose his mind, take it over her son, and has her hands stoped with fear. Her construction is also very complex, even if it's hard to see. She has ger own family problems and loves her husband too much to do something against him. But when it comes to Danny... She transforms into the main character and her actions give road to the continuity of the story. But the most vivid and terrible part of the book is played by the Hotel Overlook... HIMself! Yes, I think that we can make it into a person, for he thinks, decides what to do, has a past background, everything that a real person would have. Because, in fact, he's the personality and the will of Stephen King. He overlooks his entire work, his imaginary Boulder, his characters and his plots. Only a writer like him could imagine the scenes with the grass animals.  &quot;The shining&quot; is a unique piece of writing. Among King's works, it's only compared with the grandeur of &quot;The stand&quot;.ned to the last winter caretaker. ! Danny is the central point of the plot. The Overlook uses him to &quot;comunnicate&quot; with the Torrance family, using his shine against him. Danny can see with his eyes all the terrible things that took place in the hotel. Wendy is the powerless wife, sees his husband loose his mind, take it over her son, and has her hands stoped with fear. Her construction is also very complex, even if it's hard to see. She has ger own family problems and loves her husband too much to do something against him. But when it comes to Danny... She transforms into the main character and her actions give road to the continuity of the story. But the most vivid and terrible part of the book is played by the Hotel Overlook... HIMself! Yes, I think that we can make it into a person, for he thinks, decides what to do, has a past background, everything that a real person would have. Because, in fact, he's the personality and the will of Stephen King. He overlooks his entire work, his imaginary Boulder, his characters and his plots. Only a writer like him could imagine the scenes with the grass animals.  &quot;The shining&quot; is a unique piece of writing. Among King's works, it's only compared with the grandeur of &quot;The stand&quot;.
B000000WFF|5.0|This CD has such great music there is only one word to describe this unbelievable CD!AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0553260111|5.0|Amazed by the huge amont of books written by Robert Ludlum, I decided to buy and read one of his books. With the help osf Amazon, I chose this one, &quot;The Bourne Identity&quot;, because I liked the synopsis, the customer comments, but mostly because it was part of a trilogy. Trilogies enable the writer to deeply develop their characters and plots, explaining in one book what was left behind in another.  At first I couldn't believe what I was reading. It made me feel bad, and I couldn't reason why. Only  when I was in the 100th page I figured out: I hadn't breathen since the beginning. It's incredible how Ludlum keeps a F-1 pace to his story. When you think that he's gonna stop and let you rest, he increases the rythim again.  &quot;The Bourne identity&quot; is the story of a man that could be anyone: me, you, a friend of yours. You simply don't know who Jason Bourne is, because even himself can't remember. That's what's cool about the plot. The reader makes the discoveries together with the main character, dodging bullets, escaping from the unknown enemy, traveling along Switzerland, France and United States. All this with the help of beautiful Marie St. Jacques, a woman that sees herself drowning in another person's nightmare.  Ludlum writes in na universe peopled with evil bank managers, above-government agencies, cold-blooded murderers, just like Forsythe. And in the meantime he still finds time to be funny. Really, there are some true pieces od comedy in the book.  All in all a fantastic read, mostly the first hundred pages. I only hope that the sequel is as good as the first one. I'm gonna buy &quot;The Bourne Supremacy&quot;, and hope to find that Ludlum could keep his good writing.
0553573403|5.0|To put it simply, I loved this book.  In terms of favorite books, this on is at least 3rd(AT LEAST) on my list.  In terms of series, There is no way to say, Jordan (although lacking a spot on favorite book) is still king of that (although Gene Wolffe's &quot;Book of the New Sun&quot; is Emperor) There is no way to judge this as a series, there is only one book, but the rest is promising.  this has so many differrent fantasy elements in it is is unbelievable.  Dark (mainly Snow) Fantasy, War, War, and then some more war for just a bit of spice.  Sex (GASP) and not just so and so rollicked in the hay with lady blah blah.  Political Intrigue galore.  And a MONGOL type PEOPLE!!!! (I personally find Genghis Khan and the Mongol Empire to be the most fascinating period of Earth History, so this was a treat!) Although there were a few pretty gross parts (Mentions of incest among a royal family {Shudder}) it was still a beautiful read and totally worth the time spent reading it.  Although i must agree, you might be better of waiting to start it, Martin seems to have the same disease Jordan has when it comes to prompt releasing of books.(Path of Daggers, now a 2 year wait since Crown of Swords).  Ah well, you will enjoy this book unless you are a stuck up, 'Tolkien will never be dethroned from being the Best' Type person.
B000002JNJ|5.0|This album isnt as heavy as all the rest, but cowboys from hell is still one of my favorites songs today
6304916558|4.0|The second installment in the Pierce Brosnan Epoch of James Bond films is at once a &quot;sequel&quot; that manages to exceed the standards set by it's predecessor and a very entertaining film in it's own right.<br />While one would think the formula of girls, gadgets, and a single, meglomaniacal super villian would be well worn out by now, director Roger Spottiswoode manages to take Bruce Feirstein's script to the next level of spy action/thrillers. This is in no small part due to the incredible talents of Hong Kong action star Michelle Yeoh. A powerfully agile dancer and martial artist, Yeoh finally takes the &quot;Bond Girl&quot; role into the 90's and kicks some royal butt through the course of the movie. <br />On the DVD side of things, MGM has put together a slightly below average package with wide and standard formats, animated menus, trailers, and language tracks. However, those who want the most value will want to look for the &quot;Special Edition&quot; set which was released a bit later.<br />This quibble aside, &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot; will make a fine edition to your DVD collection.<br />Recommended
0374525153|5.0|This small but powerful novella is a striking and stunning story. It is the story of a young Jewish boy in Germany whose new classroom member is from an aristocatic family. This new boy is immediately popular due to his good looks, intelligence, athletic abilities, and family standing. The young Jewish boy realizes that given his own stature and desire to befriend the new boy will be a difficult task. He successfully makes great efforts to distinguish himself as a scholar. This results in a close friendship between the two boys. Given the new boys family status the Jewish boy is limited as to how much of this world of his new friend he can be a part of. The young Jewish boy is painfully aware of these limitations. The resulting Nazi domination and war bestows powerful changes in this friendship leaving feelings of betrayal and loss. The young Jewish boy painfully lives with these feelings. The ending was the most powerful I had ever experienced in a book. It was totally unsuspected and shocking. The book caused much thought provoking that has permenantly stayed with me.
B000000WZ4|5.0|This is one of the best CDs to come out in 1997! Ultra is not only lyrically thought provoking but musically keeps the listener wanting more!  Instant DM classics like &quot;Home&quot; and &quot;It's No Good&quot; show that the band is not to be considered just another 80s band.  &quot;The Love Thieves&quot; is my favorite track in the album having a soothing mellow sound yet not straying from typical DM synth too much.  You won't be disappointed with this album!
0449002632|4.0|The story goes by so quickly, you'll make it through this enormous book in no time. This is the first Edward Rutherford I've ever read, and now that I've been introduced to him, I plan on reading his other works as well. Yes, yes, as everyone else has pointed out, the characters are shallow and there's not much of a plot, but remember, the book is called &quot;London&quot;. The city is the hero of the novel.
067101756X|5.0|A truly thought-provoking work! This book will lend a much needed credibility to a genre suffocating in rumor, misinformation, and overactive imagination. Supported by recently declassified documents, Col. Corso reveals the truth about the Roswell Crash and how the technology recovered from the craft, has given mankind`s technological progress an immeasurable boost.<br />Unfortunately, truth being ever so relative a term, Col. Corso can relate the facts about events surrounding the Roswell Crash only sofar as they concern the United States Army. He alludes to this fact himself several times in the book. The Air Force and the Navy were both independently involved in their own research and more than likely, each of these branches has access to information which the others lack. I do not doubt that Col. Corso`s story is true, but it is certainly not the whole truth. I would be more than interested to hear a version of this story as told by equally knowledgeable people from the other two services, especially the Air Force.<br />One criticism I have is the decidedly \\"hostile alien\\" theme which pervades the book. I don`t think that there is any convincing evidence provided in the book which supports the idea that these aliens are hostile towards us. If they were, then I`m sure we all would have known about their presence long ago and in ways that would have made H. G. Wells look like a prophet. What invading force do you know of that, after their technology is compromised, would postpone an invasion until their own technology could be used against them? Surely a race intelligent enough to discover a means of traversing the vast regions of space would be more intelligent than this! ...<br />Criticisms aside, this book is a very important piece of an immensely larger puzzle, and will be an invaluable addition to the library of anyone interested in the question of UFO`s.
0451160916|5.0|EERIE. It hits a nerve and keeps right on going...  not for the faint at heart or the over-imiginative.
0062502182|5.0|Quite simply, one of the best books I have ever read. Simplicity, gripping story line, deep spiritual truths related to chasing a dream and coherence are its key assets. You will love it. - Satya Prabhakar Editor, The Daily Fix END
B000002AZZ|5.0|Voice, style, poetry, singing, the maximum
0679405496|5.0|Through Mrs Moore and Adela  I reviewed my own life.  How I saw the world and other people.  It also made me rethink God.  I liked the controling figure of the perfect specimen condemed to the lowest caste.  How people were calling God to come when he was already there.  How the God they knew was not the true God and the name they gave him was not his true name.  How the English were superfical yet mighty and the Indians were thourgh and considered a lesser being.  Forester wove these themes into an intricate thread of a story.
0061003646|4.0|Other readers have criticized this book as being boring or lax in the action department.  However, I think that Dame Agatha didn't go out to lunch in this one--she just wrote a book that falls in closely to real life.<br />I have been a detective for 11 years and I can tell you that not every homicide has cutting edge action.  There are tiresome investigations, questioning, dead-end leads, and many more things that would lull any human to sleep.  Christie must have known that sometimes things aren't that interesting and can't always be some cop and robber chase scene.  Miss Marple is merely taking things slowly (as she should--she's not young anymore) and gathering the evidence prudently.  <br />Perhaps Christie really did have a dry spell and this was the result of it.  She may not have been trying to make a realistic book.  In any event, the fact is this book is realistic, by chance or purpose it matters not.
B000002U9L|5.0|I love this CD!!! As a younger child, I used to watch the Labyrinth all the time, and when I found out that there was a soundtrack to it, I had to buy it! The songs are a little different than in the movie, but they still are great. As you listen, you can totally make the songs correspond with the movie in your head. Even if you really don't like David Bowe, this is a great CD.
6303461484|5.0|This is a dramatization of the hunt for the first widely known serial murderer in Russia. Stephen Rea does a great job of playing a passionate, meticulous detective who is assigned the case. Rhea is supported by Donald Sutherland and Max Von Sydow. While it's a violent film, very little actual violence is shown, instead the viewer is left to imagine what happens. It's a good-guys vs. bad-guys flick without the stereotypes seen in the U.S. set films. I loved it.     END
0790734850|5.0|When I went to see this movie, it was with some hesitation--this sort of film is not usually my cup of tea. But, when I walked out, I felt like I had just spent some of the best 2 hours and 15 minutes of my life. A wonderfully written script, excellent direction, gorgeous sets, and some of the best ensemble acting I have ever seen. It's really a shame that so many people got caught up in the &quot;Titanic&quot; jugggernaut--I really believe that &quot;L.A. Confidential&quot; rather than &quot;Titanic&quot; will stand the test of time.     END
0517122707|5.0|I'm on my fourth read and I still can't control my laughter.  When I'm reading, people look at me and think I'm a nut because I'm laughing so hard.  I get so excited at reading the dialogue between the characters (mainly Ignatius).  I've never read anything like it.  If anyone knows any other books this funny, please, e-mail me.  Toole is simply brilliant.
0061003697|5.0|Take a vacation.  Where?  How about Egypt?  This is such a flawless mystery that it makes you smile.  There is no end to the anticipation and wonder as Christie unwraps her ending like a delectable package.  <br />There is a sense of danger, evil, and suspicion as you course down this path of mystery.  You are shocked while unexpected things fly out at you and cause you to shake your head at--how else should I put this--genius.
1559211407|5.0|I read this book years ago and remembered it with great warmth; following a discussion with a distinguished academic who grew up in the Uk and was there in the post-war period when food was so scarce and his family received parcels from people in Iowa they didn't know, I told him about 84, Charing Cross.  He had never seen it so I ordered a copy from Amaxon and he was enthralled.  I have also reread it with great pleasure and am now reading for the first time the Duchess of Bloomsbury, which I am finding equally delightful.
6304539495|5.0|Ghost in the Shell is a brilliant look at a possibile futuristic world.  It contains incredible art and an interesting plot.  A must-see for Anime fans, and cyber-punk lovers alike.     END
B000002UWF|4.0|I bought this CD for my boyfriend for his birthday, and now I need to buy it for myself!  Louis Prima and his band combine their wonderful talents to bring us driving and fun swing, including some scat as well.  A must have in any swing collection! The CD jacket provides an excellent biography of Louis Prima also!
B000002VCT|5.0|The third record after &quot;Tales of Mystery And Imagination&quot; and &quot;I Robot&quot;, this collection of songs in my eyes and ears represents the very essence of the music from the Alan Parsons Project.<br />What the two preceding albums had already hinted at, rises to unparalleled heights on this compilation. From meditative music to rocking smashers, from lyric ballads to weird concepts -- all the magic and mystery of the ageless wonder of the pyramids is spanned in the variety and the perfection of the songs found here. In my regard, the previous albums were tentative steps in some directions: what can be done, what should be done and how. Now this record takes it all in its stride, featuring some of the finest arrangements alongside with a variety of singers and musicians. All those tracks, mastered to perfection by Alan Parsons himself, blend together into a unique sound canvas that can only be described as making love to your ears, any which way you like it. Although they tried, I think the Project never managed to do better than this. Highly recommended.
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon was a very good book- perhaps the best that I have ever read...I LOVE THE BOOK!!! It was great, and it made you feel like you really know the characters and have feelings towards them. I could never put it down!! MZB did a WONDERFUL job!!!
0441003257|5.0|As far as I can remember, this is the first time I had to put down a book because it had me in helpless fits of laughter. Unbelievable stuff -- so unbelievable that in fact it has to be true.<br />Did you ever wonder why there always is a traffic jam on the M-1? Have you at any time suspected that the scientist's estimate of the age of the world might be off target just a bit? Would you ever like to know how that copy of &quot;Who Wants To Live Forever&quot; by Raskolnikov ended up in your car? Want to know how to make your pot plants grow and bloom all over the place?<br />This book has all the answers. And more. Two of the most brilliant writers in the SF/Fantasy/Comic genre have joined forces to stop the end of the world. Pratchett's footnotes are weirder than ever, and Gaiman adds a dark twist to plots and characters alike. Supernatural. The best read when the end of the millenium is near.<br />Contrary to the beliefs of other reviewers, I don't think this ought to be a movie. Otherwise, it would have started as a comic (look at &quot;The Watchmen&quot; to see what Gaiman is capable of). But I do hope for more from these authors. I'll buy the next one right away.
0848801571|5.0|This book is great.  All sci-fi fans must read it.  It really drives the point home that humanity is insignificant as far as the universe is concerned.  But it also gives us the hope that we have the ability to be so musch more than we are, even though that gift comes at a price.
B000002J5K|5.0|Simply put, this has no equal. The film had no real plot, but the music, oh my gawd the music!<br />The movie has boats o' quotes you can forget.  &quot;We have a full tank of gas. Its 108 miles to Chicago. It is dark, and we're wearing sun glasses. Hit it.&quot;  Put simply, the life and vitality of the music makes this movie a classic.<br />If you're a movie fan, you have to have this soundtrack.
1563523302|5.0|I have changed the way I handle my finances because of this book.  The Millionaire Next door explains how everyday people can achieve financial security.  I recommend this book to all of my friends and family.
B000002X1O|5.0|This is a classic work from the pre- Jefferson Starship period.  Kantner &amp; Slick had plenty of help on this one with the likes of Jerry Garcia&amp; Micky Hart from the Dead, Jack Casady &amp; Jorma Kaukonen from the Airplane, David Crosby from the Byrds and elsewhere.  This is a great recording, only too rarely seen. I have been looking for it on CD for years and Amazon has it!
4789004546|5.0|but the Intermediate version isnt worth to buy
B000006NPY|5.0|Billy Corgan, James Iha, and D'arcy have made a very good CD.  The Songs on Adore are very mellow and relaxing.  The Smashing Pumpkins are one of the best bands of the 90's in my opinion. I have enjoyed listening to  all of the CDs they have released so far. On Adore, there is not better song than another.  Each song is good for a different reason. &quot;Crestfallen&quot; is a very nice song with very good piano playing.  &quot;The Tale Of Dusty And Pistol Pete&quot; is a great song with a good rythm and a good melody.  Of course, &quot;Ava Adore&quot; is a very good song with a great beat, attention grabbing lyrics and instrument playing.  Adore is as a little bit more mellow than Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. But I like both of these albums because of the similarities between them.
0440214041|5.0|This book has one of the qualities that make a story particulary interesting, Suspense.  Not only has Grisham set the stage for a truly exciting adventure early in the book, but the fact that the name of the person who hired to kill the two Supreme Court justices was witheld until later in the book is excellent.  Grisham's writing in The Pelican Brief is clever and witty.  He follows the same lines in writing as could be seen in The Firm and The Client.  Grisham is a truly fabulous writer who, hopefully has many more books to come.
0670880728|5.0|Bridget Jones's Diary by Helen Fielding is a book that let's you forget of your troubles and gives you a chance to laugh at someone else's.  If you think you are having a hard time with being single in the nineties, just pick up this book and you will be thanking God for your life.  It is an easy read that is consistently entertaining.  Bridgette Jones is a parallel to Ally McBeal, but Jones actually has substance.  Stop whatever you are reading and pick up this book.
0679416781|5.0|I cannot add more than what others have already said about this book.  Each page, each paragraph, each sentence and each word sings with descritions of time and place that carry you off to not only the distant world of 1944 Africa and Italy, but to whatever world your subconscious longs to go. <br />Those who assert the characters are not fully developed or that the plot is thin, I would not argue the point. I can only say this is not a John Grisham novel nor should it be read by those who desire such. Read it for the love of the beauty of language, when done for that reason the book will not dissapoint.
0385472951|5.0|This is a must-read JG's book. It's almost great to committe a crime like that because everything was well planned four darn years ago and no one can do anything about it!!!!<br />I finished this books in three days, and sometimes I stayed up until 5am to finish this book! After that, I read it again and I still find it interesting! Trust me, try this book!
B000002C1Z|4.0|Animals is a better album than the critics have treated it.  The comment that it's superb late night traveling music is an excellent summary of its value.  Roger Waters ended up doing more for the Floyd by doing less.  I disagree that Division Bell is poor quality.  The lyrics are not optimism-sedating, but the guitar work is vintage Gilmour.  Sadly, I saw PF in Stuttgart, Germany, a couple of years ago, and they played no Animals.  Best PF:  Wish You Were Here.
0553573403|4.0|Martin makes a strong and refreshing entry into the tired, glutted field of epic fantasy.  This book is a &quot;realistic&quot; fantasy, meaning that, given the parameters of a mythical world (pseudo-medevial with european flavor), how would real human beings actually act?  The answer, and one that is portrayed very well, is &quot;not pretty.&quot;  Martin shows every bit of the vile and disgusting side of humanity, and a small amount of the more noble side as well.  The book is full of politics and warring houses and all the ins and outs thereof.  Each chapter focuses on a different character, which some reviewers found distracting.  I liked it though -- it allowed for the characters to be developed a lot faster, and left you with some pretty good cliffhangers at certain chapters.  As far as the flaws, there are two that bugged me:  First, some of the events were &quot;out-of-genre&quot; for a realistic fantasy.  The prime example is the discovery of the dead direwolf in the early part of the novel, which coincidentally had the exact same number of pups as Lord Stark (whose sigil is the direwolf) had children.  If this was a more myth-oriented style of book, or if there was an element of prophecy in the story to justify this, then it would have been good, but without it the coincidence comes across as cheesy.  Secondly, the use of symbolism was a little heavy-handed.  Perhaps Martin isn't good at reading symbolic elements in stories himself, or perhaps he doesn't expect his readers to get less-than-obvious symbolism (which may be a fair expectation, actually), but at times you feel like saying, okay, enough already, I get the point, now let's get on with the story.  Thirdly (I can't count, apparently), Martin tried a little too hard to make an &quot;adult&quot; novel, in that he describes a lot of things and scenes that don't really improve the novel, such as the numerous rapes and explicit descriptions of violence.  Scenes like this don't make a novel &quot;adult&quot; -- how many ! of the great works of literature do this kind of thing -- they merely make it graphic.  And even this is lost, because after reading 500 or so pages, you're so desensitized to the violence and sex that it doesn't matter anymore.  &quot;*yawn* another brutal raping of a captured prostitute.  Wow.&quot;  Also, Martin uses a smattering of 20th-century obscenities that come across as merely silly.  Anyway, aside for these things, the book is great and very entertaining.  Definately the best fantasy written in the past five years (that I've read, anyway).  If you're a fan of the genre, and are fed up with the march of the clones, do yourself a favor and pick this up.  You'll soon be waiting for the next book in the series.vel &quot;adult&quot; -- how many ! of the great works of literature do this kind of thing -- they merely make it graphic.  And even this is lost, because after reading 500 or so pages, you're so desensitized to the violence and sex that it doesn't matter anymore.  &quot;*yawn* another brutal raping of a captured prostitute.  Wow.&quot;  Also, Martin uses a smattering of 20th-century obscenities that come across as merely silly.      Anyway, aside for these things, the book is great and very entertaining.  Definately the best fantasy written in the past five years (that I've read, anyway).  If you're a fan of the genre, and are fed up with the march of the clones, do yourself a favor and pick this up.  You'll soon be waiting for the next book in the series.
B000000WCA|5.0|The Spice Girls.  Some love them, some hate them. If you don't like them--is it because of their music or their status as role models?  Think.  I agree, though they are my fave group, they are not perfect role models, but you buy a CD for music, not for checking up on their background and in that sense, this CD is the top.  Spice Girls rule!  My friends and I are all totally obsessed with them and I will like them no matter what.  Buy this CD now!
B000002540|4.0|Blue Oyster Cult shines on every track here, from cover tunes to originals.  This could've been THE live party album from the boys.  Unfortunately the production work made it sound very 2 dimensional. Watching and hearing these guys work live is an experience, and their performance was flawless.  &quot;Buck's Boogie&quot; is always a lot of fun, especially down near the front where you can see these guys work!  &quot;Last Days of May&quot; is done with all of the mystery it always has, and &quot;ME 262&quot; is the best (only?) WWII rock ever.  A must have for any BOC fan.
B000002BHE|5.0|I first got this CD for my 11th birthday (I'm 12) and I've loved it ever since.  There are plenty of slow songs for bad days and fast songs when you're feeling good.  I normally don't listen to this kind of music, but I'm very glad I did.  Thanks to this CD, Celine Dion is one of my favorite artists!
B000002LR6|4.0|I slotted the disc, punched track 5 and spun it. The sound reached in through my head and  grabbed my aorta. My feet moved of themselves, my body spasmed. I shimmied about the room, bouncing off walls, chairs and tables. I picked up the chairs and tables and bounced them off the walls. I retrieved the chairs and used them to smash the tables and walls. My upstairs neighbor came to inquire and I'm like &quot;Uhhhhh, have a listen&quot;. This young nursing coed at the local Lutheran college had complained of my music in the past, but today she did a sort of full-body throbthrobthrob, flushed bright red and flung herself at my legs, bringing me down atop her. She called her mom and I did her too. Now we're all spiritually bonded in the name of the goddess Yolanda Regia Putrescia. We have felt the Change and know that all must feel it.
B000000WFF|5.0|Whether you like their true style, slow songs, funky 40's sounds, or disco, this CD is on the top.  This CD has more diverse songs than Spice did, so guys and girls who like any kind of music can find at least one song that doesn't annoy you.  I am a true Spice Girls fan and love every song.  If your first sense is to make fun of a good band like this, resist and just listen.  You'll change your mind.
0679441018|4.0|This book was a blast to read. It's a masterpiece. Rice beautifully describes every detail, and the Vampire Lestat is one of literaure's most memorable characters. I was sad to see these chronicles end, but what an ending it was. If only this wasn't fiction, then all of our questions about Heaven and Hell would have an answer in this novel. Don't pass it up, even if it's your first time reading the Vampire Chronicles. Actually, Memnoch was my very first one, and I'm not starting read the others!
0465068359|5.0|The premise is that Japan is often regarded as the victim of World War II rather than the instigator. This view has been further entrenched in the international psyche because of the devastating atomic bomb blasts on Hiroshima and Nagasaki and because of Cold War politics which favored muting wartime acts of terror over forging new political alliances. Other countries have made efforts (if sometimes feeble) to own their pasts, including Germany and the United States of America. The sheer horror of the events described in The Rape of Nanking propels you through it. It's already stirring big-time emotions, and I won't be surprised if it becomes the catalyst for new policies with regard to Japan.
B000001DZM|5.0|The CD, &quot;The Adventures of Priscilla Queen of the Desert&quot; is loaded with fun songs you can dance to and sing along.  It will bring back memories of dancing on the coffee table with your girlfriends during the days of disco!  You'll LOVE it!
0767802659|5.0|Based on Robert Heinlein's classic science fiction novel of the same name, &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; takes the archetypical war epic to the next level with a heapin' helpin' of all the gory, special effects-laden action a jaded movie-goer could want. And then some.<br />While much hyperbole has risen about director Paul Verhoeven's facist undercurrent, the theme of &quot;propaganda-as-recruitment video&quot; is, in my opinion, strictly a gimmick. An examination of Verhoeven's previous films like &quot;Basic Instinct&quot;, Showgirls&quot;, and even the well written, brilliantly conceived &quot;Robocop&quot; reveal that he tends to promote style over substance anyway.<br />Getting off my soapbox and back into a review of the DVD/film, I have to say that &quot;Troopers&quot; is a thoroughly entertaining disc from start to finish and manages to push all the right buttons for me. The story, an odd mix of &quot;Saved by the Bell's&quot; corny teen romance and &quot;Platoon's&quot; bitter tragedy, holds your interest just long enough before the eye candy can set in. Casper Van Dien heads the cast of relative unknowns and while earnest, their performances are serviceable at best. Special recognition should go however, to Dina Meyer for her enthusiastically fiesty performance as the beautiful but butch soldier who falls erroneously for lockjawed Van Dien's character.<br />On the feature side of things, &quot;Troopers&quot; has all the gadgets and gizmos you'd want in a reference disc and even a few you'd normally hope for but don't often get like deleted scenes, and a behind the scenes segment. There are even screen tests of the actors included! Now this is how a DVD should be... <br />Highly Recommended
0812550757|5.0|I am entering the world of science fiction reading as an adult, and Ender's Game and Speaker for the Dead have provided a challenging, inspiring entryway.  My stereotypes about SF have been shattererd--while Ender's Game had the action I expected, it also had more brains and heart.  I applaud OSC's skill in continuing Ender's story into adulthood.  I wanted to know more about Ender after the first book.  Due to his obsessive military training he had little chance to interact with other people.  Here we see him as he's evolved into his role as speaker for the dead.  I was amazed by the complex combination of character relationships, religion and philosophy, and cross-cultural issues that Card successfully weaves together.  This book is challenging, and well worth the effort.
0312965788|5.0|James &quot;Jems&quot; Herriot provides the reader with a look into a bygone age in the North of England when the science of veterinary medicine was on the cusp of modernity. His recounts of not only his experience with animals, but with his employer, Siegfried, and his pursuit of female companionship are so sweet and funny that I often found myself smiling from sheer pleasure. I would have loved to have met this gentle-man and gotten an eyeful of his borrowed black patent leather dancing slippers  with their silk bows!<br />Luckily, on cable TV, is Animal Planet where there is weekly series that provides a glimpse into present day vets in England, Vets in Practice, and complements Herriot's writings well and gives visualizations to many of the same situations in which Herriot found himself, e.g. difficult cow births. I admire the dedication of these country vets and feel priviledged to have been given such a wonderful look into this man's life. I cried when I finished it- I am such a sap, I know...<br />I look forward to reading the other titles in this series.
B0000024SD|5.0|Oh, the wonders this record contains, even today, even thirty-three years later! Dylan shocks the folkies and his old fans with the street-tough Beat poet anti-establishment rap &quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues,&quot; with its amphetamine jangle and overwhelming paranoia. There's the wonderful and concise rhymes of &quot;She Belongs to Me&quot;: &quot;You will start out standing/Proud to steal her anything she sees/But you will wind up peeking through her keyhole/Down upon your knees.&quot; The classic yowling and defiant &quot;Maggie's Farm&quot;--wasn't this the number that he played at the Newport Folk Festival in '65 that so horrified everyone? His sense of humor shines sharp, witty and dead-on in &quot;On the Road Again&quot; and &quot;Bob Dylan's 115th Dream.&quot; Then those great &quot;folk songs.&quot; The immortal &quot;Mr Tambourine Man,&quot; with its &quot;derangement of the senses,&quot; almost an overload of images and feelings. The youthful truth-seeker, angry, restless, brave and finger-pointing in &quot;Gates of Eden&quot; and &quot;It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)&quot; (he never actually says that in the song. How simple and effective it then becomes). And it ends--consciously, one assumes--with &quot;It's All Over Now, Baby Blue.&quot; Was he kissing off the closed-minded folkies who wanted to keep him in a box, away from electricity, pure and soon irrelevant? &quot;He understands your orphan with his gun.&quot; Watch &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; and notice the smile that spreads across his face when he sings that line. What can I say? I've been listening to this album for only 6 months and it is now in my bloodstream....
B000002AHM|5.0|You've gotta here this one. I could'nt stop listening to Friday Night in San Francisco. It's addictive, technically stunning, and really, really, really fast. If you're looking for something that will make you drop your jaw and question the laws of musical physics, this is it.
B000002OTL|5.0|The musical selections are great but with the funny quips from the movie this cd is an allstar.
0451169514|5.0|The movie (which I witnessed at the age of 8) was bad enough, but the book is really grueling. It shatters your reality, at least while you're reading it. Do not read if you're one of those poor people who couldn't get a shower after watching A. H's 'Psycho', 'cause this tale is infinitley worse!
0375701427|5.0|AMERICAN PASTORAL is a brilliantly disturbing look at the destruction of the American Dream. Like Fitzgerald's novel THE GREAT GATSBY, it introduces the reader to a number of &quot;golden&quot; characters whose lives have run amuck in their desperate search for happiness, but perhaps  we are seeing Roth pull GATSBY inside out. The Levov's sad attempt to be a good, productive, happy people is totally destroyed by their America. Whereas, Fitzgerald's characters  are essentially a selfish people who are responsible for destroying their America. However, in both cases, as we read,we fear what America has become. Yes, there is not much plot and, yes, there is much about glove making, but most of this is essential if we are to  appreciate the full beauty, the full impact of Roth's message.  The Swede is one of the saddest characters in modern fiction, the dinner  party at the end is a horrific look at America today, and the passages about the death of Newark are realistic and harrowing. This is a novel that will break your heart and stay with you for a long, long time. Roth's '98 Pulitzer Prize is totally justified. A masterpiece.
B000002UAF|5.0|If there is such a thing as an under appreciated Beatles Album, it's Hard Day's Night.  Lennon's raw voice truly shines as the highlight with some notable favorites from McCartney too.  John and Paul write all the songs on this one, composing an incredible number of outstanding originals.  A true gem is the finale I'll Be Back, where John works magic on vocals.  If I Fell is a classic example of John and Paul's uncanny ability to wrap their vocals around each other and sing in perfect harmony.  Another lesser-known favorite of mine is Things We Said Today.  Paul takes the lead on this one, with John contributing on backup vocals. Things We Said Today shows how The Beatles were able to take a few basic guitar chords and turn them into an unforgetable song.  There are many other great songs on this album, most of which everybody has heard at one time or another.  But it's the other songs, the B-sides if you will, that make Hard Day's Night a must for any music lover.
B000000WA4|3.0|I have to admit, I bought MELLON COLLIE AND THE INFINITE SADNESS just for the song &quot;1979.&quot;  Now, I have never been into the music of the 1990s much, unless it's something new by someone older.  And I have a really hard time tolerating the crazy, textural production methods used on all of these alternative albums.  However, after listening to &quot;1979&quot; about 10 times, I decided to permit my CD player to proceed to other songs on the disc, and I was amazed.  Billy Corgan's voice can get a little irritating in its limited, whining range, but he writes some very good, beautiful songs.  He is truly a poet, and this album clearly shows his ability to write in a more unique manner about love than to say just, &quot;She's so hot&quot; and in  a less depressing manner about the problems of the world than to say just, &quot;Life sucks.&quot;  I think this is going to be one of those albums that will grow on me after repeat listenings.  One thing is certainly true, MELLON COLLIE has the honor of being that album that has finally sparked my interest in alternative music, and that is pretty noteworthy.
0553260111|5.0|The Bourne Identity was the first Ludlum novel I ever read.  It was a racy thriller that literally consumed my curiosity and held me hostage up until I finished the book.  It was a very, VERY difficult book to put down.
B000002HRE|1.0|Well, the lead single from this album says it all THE MEORY REMAINS
B000002GD9|2.0|Every song is a work of art.  You can listen to it over and over again.  Get's you in the heart. Once a Supertramp fan, always a fan.  This kind of music never dies. I've been a fan since 1975.
B000002LRX|5.0|This albums is incredible, this album deserved a LOT more commercial attention than it got, this is by far the best album from Faith No More
0380002930|5.0|This is a wonderful book!  I don't need to say anymore as there are more than 100 other reviews here.  I have to say, though, that if you like this book, you'll love the Redwall series that was written in the tradition of Watership Down.  The author of the the Redwall series is Brian Jacques.
0804102988|5.0|Edward Rutherford weaves a fantastic tale that starts in pre-history and ends in the early 20th century.  Using fabulous imagery, he captures the essence of each time period covered - no small feat when you realize the time span.  Some liberty was taken with the physical locations, but the author states this in the foreward and should be forgiven for his trespasses.  One of the best reads I've had; excellent on long business trips when you want to step out into another world.  I'm looking forward to reading London and Russka next.
B000000WFF|5.0|This CD is DA BOMB! I like Spice Up Your Life,Too Much,Move Over;in fact I like them all! If you are looking for a good pop/rock CD,this is it! And let me say this:If you say the Spice Girls can't sing,do you even have a BRAIN?<br />GET THIS CD!!!!!GIRL POWER!!!!!
B000001ES4|4.0|While I was on vacation I was browsing around in a little shop.  This CD was playing in the background.  I didn't buy anything in the shop but was compelled to ask the clerk about the hauntingly beautiful music I was listening to.  As soon as I returned home I headed straight to my computer to buy a copy.
B000000WCA|1.0|Oh come on, where do the Spice Girls get off throwing together an album and then making a movie. I really just can't listen to Wannabe and Spice up Your Life anymore. The songs are sugar- coated love songs with a girlpower twist. RESIST, RESIST. Protest bad music and don'y waste your money.
B000001ELP|3.0|Although Kiss is my all-time favorite band, Spinal Tap was my least fav. &quot;The Oath&quot; and &quot;I&quot; were your typical hard rockers written and sang well by Paul Stanley. The rest of the album had a 60's feel to it for me. &quot;A World Without Heroes&quot; was the hit written by Gene and his singing on this song was conservative compared to the normal angry Gene sound we know and love. I must say that &quot;Odyssey&quot; had to be the best song on this album, because Paul Stanley's low toned vocals were phenomonal and the musicianship was excellent. If you listen to the very beginning of &quot;Mr Blackwell&quot;, you will hear Gene Simmon's bass solo that he always plays live in concert right before he drools with blood. I am really glad Kiss decided not to go in this direction for their concurrent albums. You know, I cannot help thinking that the songs on this album should have been written in 1973 when the debut album came out and the songs off KISS should be on this album. Then, the progression would make sense.
1878424165|5.0|At first I had a difficult time with the speakers accent. As I listened and learned to tune into his voice, I became enchanted and renewed by the information and I must say my life has drastically changed from using this tape!
B000001FMQ|5.0|Crazy Nights was one of my favorites, but I cannot understand why this album receives no credit. Even when I've seen Kiss live, I've never seen them play a song from this album (didn't make it to the Crazy Nights tour). My two favorite songs are &quot;I'll Fight Hell To Hold You&quot; and &quot;Reason To Live&quot;. I was sure these two songs would be the BIG hits. Gene Simmons' No No No is pretty cool. While I thought this album was really good, I feel every time I listen to this release that Kiss was trying to break away from their really heavy sound and go a little more commercial.
B000001ELF|5.0|Ace has the best solo album out of all Kiss members (Followed by Paul Stanley). His vocals were excellent on this solo effort. Did you know that Ace played bass guitar on 5 out of 9 of these songs? Also, I have to give honorable mention to Ace's drummer, Anton Fig, because Anton appeared on Frehley's Comet, Live + 1, and Ace Frehley's Trouble Walking, all of which are excellent albums as well as his Kiss solo effort. I don't have to tell you what the best songs are on this album (just read the other reviews above mine).
B000001ELR|5.0|The cover was the last original studio album with the makeup. There is another cover for Creatures that features Bruce Kulick (without the makeup) which I never understood. As for the music, it's one of the best KISS albums I ever heard. From the self-political &quot;I Love It Loud&quot; to the dark romantic &quot;I Still Love You&quot;, the band always plays at least 2 songs live in concert from this release.
B000001EXR|4.0|I really like this album. The first single, &quot;Jungle&quot; is excellent and it shows how Kiss changed with the times. I think Paul's ballad &quot;I Will Be There&quot; is his first ballad not to a girl (for his son). This is a really pretty and emotional song. This album had a darker feel to me, but the grunge sound is a nice change from the other post makeup CDs. Rain is excellent and as usual, Paul Stanley's voice was the best I've ever heard. Gene Simmon's &quot;Childhood's End&quot; is a good lyrical song.
B000001FBU|5.0|This was defintely a breath of fresh air from Unmasked and The Elder. AFter &quot;Music From the Elder&quot;, I thought Kiss was down for the count. After hearing Creatures, my faith in them was restored as a hard rockin band. I did hear Gene Simmons in a 1994 interview say that Eric Carr drove the band to be heavier again. My favorite songs are &quot;I Still Love You&quot;, &quot;I love It Loud&quot;, &quot;War Machine&quot;, &quot;Creatures...&quot;. &quot;Keep Me Comin&quot;.  This was Gene Simmons best collection ever. Would someone mind answering this question for me...Why did the band re-release a no-makeup cover with Bruce Kulick if he didn't play on the album? Am I missing something here?
B000026156|5.0|With company like anthony braxton, barry altschul, and sam rivers, this album is pretty much  one of the greatest recordings of the last 30 years. if you want to be blown away, get this album. now.
B000000OUW|5.0|As an incarnated Manowar fan I was very exited about how this album would be before it was released. I have all the Manowar albums and I wasn't sure if they could manage to create another masterpiece as the previous releases. But they did! The Louder Than Hell album fits right in to the fine collection. It is an outstanding CD full of adventures and excellent performed metal music. The music style on this album is very alike the style the play on the Kings of Metal album and the Fighting the World album. Well, if you like Manowar or adventure metal in general this album is album will suit your CD drawer perfect...
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna has always been labeled as a material girl. By putting out this Record she has broken from her stereotype as the material girl into a deep, and spiritual person.I think she has found herself in a way. A lot of people don't except her because has so many styles, but that just tells society she is not afraid of change like a lot of us are.She stands up for herself and people love to tear her down from their own insecurities. She just has such a great style.
1573225517|5.0|I am not a Gen-Xer; I am what is popularly know as an Aging Boomer.  My favorite music is Broadway Show Tunes; hey, I don't know any of you people so I'm not afrad to admit it. And I'm female. In other words, I have nothing in common with Rob Fleming and his friends and most of the musical references in this book meant nothing.  But great writing is great writing and I loved all the characters, laughed hysterically and hated to put this book down.  So recommend this not only to people who you think will identify with the characters, but also to  musically deprived people like me who just love a good read!
0679777547|2.0|After having enjoyed &quot;The Flanders Panel&quot;, I was looking forward to &quot;The Club Dumas&quot;, and was hooked by the first chapter.  I found the storylines of bibliophiles, the occult, and especially the possible forgery of the books intriguing.  However, it all fell apart after the revelation of the sham Club Dumas, and just got worse when the final plotlines were revealed.  I found the ending to be unclear and convoluted.  Readers would be much better off reading &quot;The Eight&quot; by Katherine Neville.  However, I still intend to give &quot;The Seville Communion&quot; a try.
0062502182|5.0|Reading this book changed my life.  I found within this simple story the encouragement I needed to move forward in my life, and the courage to take the risks to follow my heart instead of the practical advise of the world around me.  I have no regrets three years later.  This story is simple, the lessons are profound.  This is the wisdom of innocence, which is not the wisdom of the world around us.  This is the kind of advise loving parents want to give their children.  If you really want to follow your heart, and you hear a nagging voice in your head (or from your friends and family) that you should do the PRACTICAL thing instead, do yourself a favor and read this book.  The hero of this story doesn't have an easy time while he follows his heart, but he has the joy of knowing his life is well spent, and does achieve his dream.  This book shows you a magical view of what your life can be.
0316743003|4.0|Told, one imagines, as completely as possible within the confines of security, this is Ben Rich's history of his tenure as head of the Lockheed Skunk Works. As only the second man to ever hold that job, and working in the shadow of the legendary Kelly Johnson, Rich gives us a rare view into the history, politics, culture and technology of the Skunk Works, centering around the greatest accomplishment of his era, the Lockheed F-117. The book is well paced, thanks to the work of Rich's co-author, Leo Janos, who also co-wrote &quot;Yeagar&quot;.
B000005S5N|5.0|I am not a typical critic, but a-ha is one of my favorite groups and this is my favorite album by them.  Along with &quot;Hunting High and Low&quot; and &quot;Stay On These Roads,&quot; I love listening to the entire album.  Although they are not very popular in the US, they certainly have what I would call an American sound--somewhat like The Outfield.  I do not know much about the group, but the odd and clever lyrics, great synth music, and hauntingly clear vocals make me wish they had produced so much more in the mid-80s.  Amid my 350 or so CD, a-ha's are the most listened to.    SPK
0060977493|4.0|I really enjoyed the writing and the way that the narrative is carried out. I got a little bit tired with the plot and the characters in the last part, but even so I'm glad that I read  this book.
B000000WG4|5.0|Whenever I hear music by Mike Oldfield, it is hard not to compare it with this album since it is the ultimate benchmark. The music is quite simply fantastic. Although the theme is repeated again and again it never becomes boring. On the contrary the music becomes ever more beautiful as you hear it again and again. A &quot;must buy&quot; if ever there was one!
0451160916|5.0|I tried reading this book about 12 years ago as a teenager and was unable to finish -- I was completely freaked out by it!  Being normally stoic and fearless when it comes to ghost stories, this is the only book that has ever made me shiver.  After those twelve years of being impressed by a story that could have that effect, I finally went back and completed it.  For those of you that have never read it, I won't give a thing away.  All I have to say is this: if King can scare me as thoroughly as he did on my second read (and believe me he did!) -- and immerse me in the terror of the story and characters -- I believe this book can do that to anyone.    It's the only book I had to balance out with reading from another, more benign book every night before I went to bed -- to avoid nightmares!    Read it!  It's the most excellent ghost story I've ever seen.
0441003257|5.0|Gaiman and Pratchett, in a style which can only be attributed as their own, relate to us the tale of the end of the world and the ultimate battle between Good and Evil... sort of. In this wonderfully hilarious account of the Apocalypse gone wrong, we are introduced to angels, demons, the anti-Christ, hellhounds, witches, witchhunters, a psychic, lawyers, satanic nuns, professional descendants, tibetans, the Lost City of Atlantis, space aliens, a burning Bentley, misprinted Bibles, and the four Horsepersons of the Apocalypse. These characters somehow intertwine into an entertaining story that makes perfect sense until you think about it and break out laughing. For everyone who likes books that will leave them with a grin on their face, Good Omens should be on their night stand.
B000000WCA|1.0|The music isn't all that bad, but the lyrics are totaly stupid and don't make much sense. If you love the &quot;dumbing us down&quot; no brainer tipe of music, I highly sugest this CD.
0553277472|5.0|Clearly my favorite book, both as an avid reader and a motorcyclist. Pirsig accidently stumbles onto the issue that has become our biggest problem in modern, capitalistic society. The lack of quality in our actions, in our decisions, and in our lives. We no longer live and work for ourselves or to help our fellow man, but live and work only to succeed. A must read for anyone who suspects (or realizes) that the way we live in modern society has little to do with actual life.
B000002J20|2.0|This mostly-awful double-album is the epitome of prog-rock excess -- and this comes from a person who loves the three Yes albums previous to this monstrosity. Actually, there is *some* value to it -- the first track is composed of some compelling musical passages and interesting shifts.  It all falls apart quickly after that, though, devolving into really appalling, unfocused nonsense.  The lyrics (never a strong point with Yes) are so incomprehensible and obviously meaningless that one wonders why they are even present. Keyboardist Rick Wakeman himself once described the album as an exercise in &quot;wading though a cesspool to get a waterlily.&quot; There are some excellent Yes albums, but this is one of the real bombs.
6304913176|5.0|THE BEST MOVIE,MY FAVORITE MOVIE,WELL SECOND-FERRIS BUELLERS DAY OFF IS MY ALL-TIME FAV. BUT BY FAR THE BEST SPECAIL EFFECTS MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN.  I WAS ACTUALLY REALLY SURPRISED BY THIS MOVIE,I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO TO BE JUST SPECAIL EFFECTS,BUT WHAT A MOVIE,GREAT ACTING,STORY,SFX,DIRECTING,AND CAST.  I HAD NEVER HEARD OF THE LED CHARECTER(RICO)CASPER VAN-DIEN,I THINK IS HIS NAME,AND AM NOW A FAN,HE DID AN EXCELLANT JOB.I ENJOYED WACTHING MISS RICHARDS DO HER THING.  I GIVE IT 5 STARS,ONLY BECAUSE I CAN'T GIVE IT MORE.     END
B000002L5I|5.0|Kenny Wayne Shepherd has done it again. He truely has his own unique and refreshing take on Texas-style blues. &quot;Trouble Is&quot; is an outstanding first-listen and just gets better every time around. There are distinct hints of Stevie Ray Vaughan and B.B. King, yet KWS is completely original. Have we mentioned that he's only 20-years-old? A must for any blues fan looking to expand his/her collection.
B000000OF6|5.0|Queen is arguably the most versatile band in rock, and this recording goes a long way toward proving that point. Although the &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; label necessarily limits most of the tracks to those that received significant airplay, the range and talent of the band even on these cuts is evident.  For the _true_ fan, the albums &quot;A Night At The Opera&quot; and &quot;A Day At The Races&quot; more clearly elucidate the band's talents.  But as an introductory sampling, the novice can do no better than these Greatest Hits CDs.
B000002U9W|5.0|&quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot; by Pink Floyd is by far my favorite album of any genre. Yes, I admit, it is quite unconventional. The first track, twenty minutes long and sub-divided into several different parts, contains many surreal samples of orchestra horns, Waters' bass riffs, Masons' drum rantings, Wright's melodic keyboard tangents and Gilmour's eloquent guitar-playing and is punctuated with the sounds of cannons, a musket-firing horse cavalry, a motorcycle and some unintelligible chanting.  However, all of the pieces come together as a relaxing yet compelling mosaic of sounds that coerce the listener's imagination into action.<br />Waters' &quot;If&quot; is similar to his &quot;Pigs on the Wing&quot; contributions, but is much more compelling as its melancholy lamentations have a &quot;Mother&quot; (from their most commercially successful album &quot;The Wall&quot;) type flavor. &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; is a beautiful, relaxing Gilmour composition that is just a pleas! ! ure to listen to. Wright's &quot;Summer of '68&quot; is perhaps the boldest song on the album (and my favorite) with blaring horns, undulating piano and strumming guitar. All I can say is I simply love this song. <br />Closing out the album is &quot;Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast&quot; a tri-part medley that is begun and intermissioned by the kitchen sounds of cabinets opening, water running, slippered feet dragging across the floor, cereal pouring into a bowl and &quot;Alan&quot; complaining about his back. It  starts out with a few minutes of joyful piano musings, then a few minutes of guitar, then all is brought together with bass guitar and drums for a climax that dissipates into the sound of a leaky faucet tap. I think this album is in a class by itself and truly a masterpiece. If you like The Moody Blues &quot;Days of Future Passed,&quot; which is also an unconventional orchestra/rock masterpiece, I'd suggest you give this album serious consideration to add to your music libr! ! ary.
B000002UVZ|5.0|Other than the hidden track &quot;I am superman&quot;, most of the songs on this album should sound new to those who did not closely follow REM prior to their mainstream breakthrough album &quot;Document&quot;. This is REM's best album but has recieved surprisingly little air time over the years - all the better!
0670880728|5.0|This book kept me laughing out loud from beginnning to end.  Bridget became like a friend to me by her second day's entry in her diary, and I did not want the book to end. Bridget experiences the horror stories of life as a single woman whose biological clock has only a few ticks left. She verbalizes what many like her want to say though are unable to find the words, or the humor, with which to do so.  Great read!
0451160916|2.0|I've read many of Stephen King's books, but this is one of the ones that I disliked. The book had a slow pace until like page 300. I mean the book is more about Jack's Alcoholism than the hotel. Also it didn't have that Spephen King feel. The entire book is boring. The kid has nothing to do with the book. So the hotel wants him so what whats the point of that? Anyway this is the worst Stephen King novel I've read.
0061002860|3.0|This struck me as almost a Christie pastiche; the number of (perfectly-timed) secret liaisons in the gazebo, secret engagements, secret marriages, poisoners, blackmailers, murders, suicide, unacknowledged children, torn scraps of cloth and so on per captia seems high even for Dame Agatha. Still, a fun read.<br />Maybe because I'd heard about how shocking and controversial the ending is, I twigged who the murderer was by about chapter four. Still, it was fun to watch the buildup and conclusion, and we get a fresh (although quite Hastings-like) view of Poirot. Three stars, but then I'm a hard grader! *8)
0451191153|3.0|I was one of the &quot;Kids who read the Fountainhead&quot; for the scholarship opportunity.  I found the book a slow read up until maybe page 300, but in the end I thought it was worth it.  In spite of popular belief that we the youth believe we have all the answers after reading this novel and other writings, I found rather that it posed more questions.  The ideas Rand posed in this novel are quite thought-provoking.  The story is intriguing if not believable.  I enjoy her prose, though, yes, after 700 pages one feels numb.  In the end, I couldn't write the essay.  Just as another youth wrote, putting Rand on a pedastal would go against everything she believed in and advocated.  Rather than harp on her ideas for the $10,000, I decided that the new ideas and questions I came out with were worth much more.
0688158129|5.0|I thought that the way the author layed the story out for the reader was genius.  She pulls the past together with the present, and makes the story complete by telling the lives of these two lovers from the day they are born to present day.  I just thought that it was brillantly written.  I recomend it to all of my friends...it definatly fits the cliche of a &quot;must read&quot;!
0385484518|5.0|I lead a class at an assisted living home for the aged. I selected this book as the text for the class. The people in the facility are aged 85-100. <br />The response to the book was astonishing. The unspeakable topics : fear, pain, uncertainty, death all came up for discussion. The discussions themselves were therapeutic. <br />Additionally, Morrie's philosophy of acceptance, and &quot;going into&quot; pain became mantras for the course. <br />Many real people were helped by this book. I cannot say that about many other books. This one conveys the words of a wise teacher.
B000002J1S|5.0|Lamb not only was the best of Genesis's musical &amp; lyrical effort, if you saw it live it was also an excellent theatrical production. I was lucky enough to see the Lamb at the Shrine Auditorium in L.A. With Peter Gabriel using the whole stage in character to tell the story of Rael. You weren't just listening to the music, you were visually &amp; emotionally experiencing it. I still see it when I listen to it. If you were there, you know what I mean.
0060392584|5.0|Manson wrote this book to clear up misconceptions about himself and his band.  He did this.  I know because my mom never wanted me to listen to his music because of the rumors she heard but this book helped her decided on her own... Maybe it can help others do the same thing.
0140042520|5.0|The Dharma Bums is one of the best books I have ever read on Zen Buddhism and traditional Buddhism. While following the guidelines of an interesting and fun story, Kerouac teaches the many fundamental principles of Buddhism. A+ book. Highly recommended.
B00000099Y|5.0|I am a self confessed Tool fan and this album never disappoints. Undertow ruled but this album is a little darker and very emotive. I bought it the day it came out and months later I stll get goosebumps when I listen to it.
B000002UB3|5.0|Though The Beatles (The White Album) is probably The Beatles best album, musicly, this recording is unparalleled. I play guitar, and some of the riffs and arpeggios on this album are mind-bending. If you're a musician, it's a no brainer. If you're a Beatles fan, it's a no brainer. If you like music in any way, it's a no brainer. Pick it up.
B000000WG4|5.0|This is one of those albums I feel will be with me forever. Everytime Listen to it, it's as if it were the first time. Oldfield never did anything this good after this album. Here he plays ALLthe instruments. A masterpiece.
B000005J56|5.0|A heat wave came into town the night I bought this CD.  Buena Vista Social Club is an absolute must for anyone who daydreams of bright sunny days and sultry tropical nights.  Perfect music for doing absolutely nothing.  &quot;De Camino a La Vereda&quot; stays with you, but its a pleasant companion.
B000002IAZ|5.0|Little is known about this band. But listen to 15 seconds of &quot;For what it's worth&quot; and you'll want to hear more. This band led to Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young. Stills and Young were in this band. Great quality music with a good sound. This music helped influence all the good music of today.
0446343129|5.0|What a fabulous book.  I have read it twice in the last 10 days.  Now the very thought of putting refined sugar in my body is repulsive!  This book has changed my life permanetly - I'm glad I found it at a relatively young age, before the ravages of this &quot;white death&quot; wreak havoc on my health.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is a new direction for a band that is setting new levels in heavy music. Their first couple albums are real angry, and so is this one -- but in a more constructive way. It kind of seems they've gotten rid of some of their vitriol, and are cutting to the source of their issues. In doing so, they're gonna make you get into yours. People will STILL be listening to this music 35 years from now and finding it relevant. How many other current bands can you say that about?
B0000024JN|5.0|When you hear the best bass lines ever in Paul Revere you will never think that todays gansta rap bass is the best.  The B-Boys are the masters of fun sound and hard hitting bass &quot;lets make some bass behind closed doors&quot;
B000002B7Y|5.0|This album rocks from beginning to end people!Ozzy is the one man who hasn't mellowed with age!Buy this disc.You will love it!
0425163407|5.0|This is the first time I have read anything by Ms. Cornwell. I was very impressed with her style and cannot wait to read more by her. She keeps it tight and suspenseful without too much filler. I love that in a book. I would definitely recommend this book to others (in fact I already have).
B000002H70|5.0|blue disintegration, pervasive and persuasive...<br />it doesnt leave me alone i dont want it to...<br />fascination street is the bullet love song is the blood<br />so much i've never quite said i find here.
B00000705Z|5.0|This one has the regular Bilingual CD and another CD of unavailable remixes of songs on Bilingual.  And it's well worth the price!  It also comes a nifty package with an odd picture of Neil sitting on a naff chair.  Here are the songs: 1. Somewhere (extended mix) Straightforward disco fare here with wailing disco divas the PSB's great cover of the West Side Story song.  2. A Red Letter Day (Trouser autoerotic decapitation mix) very trancy and spooky backwards vocals of Neil.  3.  To Step Aside (Brutal Bill mix)  DJs will already have this one on the vinyl pack.  Basic dark, sweaty house fare.  4. Before (Classic Paradise mix)  A very poppy housed-out version of this song. Nice. 5. The Boy Who Couldnt Keep His Clothes On (International Mix)  An extended version of this funny little, somewhat embarrasing song.  6. Se A Vida E (Pink Noise mix)  Kind of a sleaze version of the original.  More electronic than the original, and I think better. 7. Discoteca (Trouser Enthusiast! ! s empire mix)  Out-there trance with Neil's classic vocals.  Nice and throbby a la Jam n Spoon.  Mixes well with the other trancy stuff for you bedroom DJs out there. (you can only play this stuff in europe because the regular idiots dont like euro-trance and the kids dont like vocals).
B000002H4Q|5.0|i will never get enough of kiss me x3...loud screaming moaning twirling cutting<br />if only tonight...rich black lace thrown on brightburning orange embers...<br />i had a dream robert smith caught me as i fell backward...why can't i be
B000002UWL|5.0|Probably the album where the PSBs stopped writing songs about what will happen and started writing songs about what has happened, or what could have happened.  The critics will still probably call this the PSB's best album (my fave is still Please).  And it has its highpoints.  But it can make you feel unhappy.  Which is probably what makes it such a great album.  I love Being Boring (kind of acid-jazzy) and So Hard (very late-80s club a la Anything Box, Red Flag or Camouflage).  The PSB version of Where The Streets Have No Name was also released as part of this album but, like Always On My Mind and Somewhere, is not actually on the album.  This album was supported by the PSB's one and only US tour.  I saw them in LA and my brother and I snuck up to better seats and sat next to the two worst thirds of Wilson-Phillips.
B000002H2Z|4.0|dark Kyoto Song aching soaring urgent Push<br />nervousjumpyexaltation  Close to Me<br />there is much here. this album is happy and searing and dark and lovely.<br />elise asks, why does it end so sadly sinking?
B000002UD7|5.0|It's a great album.  I hate Shopping and Hit Music.  But the rest of the album is magic.  Contrary to the other review, &quot;Always On My Mind&quot; is not on this one.  It was released on a special CD or LP at Christmas on the year this LP was released.  Those special releases have long since been deleted.  You can maybe find one if you are lucky (as I was).
B000002IZ4|5.0|First off I fully disagree with the review above, stating that STP isn't the next Nirvana.  Maybe they aren't popularity wise, but STP shows a lot more talent and progression in their music than Nirvana did.  While Nirvana basically does the same simple 5-chord progressions throughout all of their albums, STP went from a critical failure and supposedly an &quot;Eddie Vedder ripoff&quot; with Core to this #1 smash hit!  I think Dean DeLeo doesn't get enough respect as a guitarist, also.  Some of the solos on this album are incredible, plus he did almost all of the guitar parts on his own.  He must of had at least 5 or 6 overdubs for each song!  But to sum it all up this album is great and still is a pleasure to listen to after 4 years!  BUY IT NOW!!
B000002JA8|5.0|The first track brilliantly borrows the samba loop from Los Fabulosos Cadillac's &quot;Matador&quot;.  I know it has to be that loop; that song was huge in Latin America at the time when PSBs were there working on this LP.  I like this LP a lot, but I still hate &quot;Electricity&quot; and &quot;Se A Vida E.&quot;  I like them for their more ethereal and European stylings on whatever dance genre they are using.  And those two tracks don't have it!  But &quot;To Step Aside&quot; is maybe my favorite?  I also like &quot;Before&quot;, which MTV Latino was playing when this came out. I got the special remix CD with this CD.  It was an import.  I almost like that remix CD as much as the regular CD.  Mix up a margarita, slip into the bathtub and enjoy this CD!
0812550706|5.0|I really loved the book &quot;ENDER'S GAME&quot;. I was writing something myself and someone suggested to read the book. Unlike many books I read, I read this one in less than a week. Card's ability to create realistic and dramatic characters has never dissapointed me.
B000002USP|5.0|I got this one with a special extra CD called Relentless.  I like that CD a lot but it's a little sparse on vocals.  This CD reminds of when euro La Bouche sound really became big.  I have only recently been able to appreciate Can You Forgive; I used to think the swing aspect of that song was annoying.  The highlights of this LP are To Speak Is A Sin and One And One.
B000002JSN|5.0|After listening to &quot;Come With Me&quot; by Puff Daddy, I went to the record store intent on purchasing the Godzilla soundtrack.  What I found was Physical Graffiti.  This is one of the coolest CD's I have ever listened too.  As a classic rock fan, this CD is one of my personal favorites.  The awesome guitar of Jimmy Page in &quot;Kashmir&quot; makes it an unforgettable classic.  &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; is classic.  This 2 CD set has some of the coolest tunes ever.  I love poppin' a CD into the player, pressing repeat, and just kicking back to it all night long.  Zeppelin RULES!!!
B000005JEK|5.0|This album is frequently overlooked by even knowledgeable listeners. That is a pity because this is easily one of the best live blues or rock albums ever. The song selection is good. The versions are frequently definitive and the sound is wonderful. Turn up the volume and turn down the lights. In short, get this album if you don't have it yet.
0385484518|4.0|Not since SPITWAD SUTRAS: CLASSROOM TEACHING AS SUBLIME VOCATION have I read a more honest or moving account of what it means to be a teacher. This is a book about what it means to respect and love the genius in another person as a reflection of the genius in ourselves.
B0000025BA|4.0|While ms. King seems to be better in front of a live audience (can't tell, since I've only heard the Carnegie Hall live-album), this album certainly ranks among my personal continuing top 10. A perfect CD for all moments, together, alone, early in the morning and great late in the evening while sitting behind your computer and searching amazon.com for better albums - hard to find!
0553573411|2.0|I loved the plot.  The concept is excellent, the writing is okay, but the story, in particular the character interaction, leaves much to be desired.  I finished it because I wanted to know what happened to the characters, so obviously there's some worth to it.  But I really had to force myself to finish the book, and only my interest in the outcome kept me going.  I'm not sure what's wrong with it.  The characters are interesting, not two dimensional, but they simply couldn't hold my interest.
B00000633N|5.0|An over-the-top symphonic disco-romp called &quot;Left To My Own Devices&quot; finds Neil Tennant reading from the diary of a struggling party animal.  In the next room, legendary Chicago House pioneer Frankie Knuckles makes a producer cameo on &quot;I Want A Dog&quot; while in another room Miami-pop legend Lewis Martinee (of Expose fame) lends his talents to the brassy, latin and vacation-esque Domino Dancing.  On the patio a housy remix of the boys' hit &quot;Always On My Mind&quot; glides into the celebration of &quot;It's Alright.&quot;  Outside in the night our tragic hero disappears into insincere streets full of lying actors and barking dogs on &quot;I'm Not Scared.&quot;  The boys leave the playful freedom of the 80s to return with regretful retrospecitve glances on the LP Behaviour.
0679735909|5.0|I return to this book year after year to resavor its pleasures. I've read it at least ten times, and each time I discover a new facet that had previously lain hidden. One of these days I may even figure out the reason for Val's name. A minor inconsistency popped up this time (Sabine de Kercoz is first cited as having written four unpublished novels, and then as having published the three [sic] previously mentioned ones), but it's a flaw so minor that it merely serves to highlight the perfection of the rest.
B0000033OT|4.0|For me listenin' to this album reminds me of goin' to a 70's style cookout.  The music is just plain enjoyable.  His vocals are full of emotion and power and the music is infectious.  There isn't a bad cut on the whole album.  But consequently there aren't any just fabulous cuts either although all of them are extremely smooth with just enough funk to keep you interested.<br />I've found myself wanting to play it more and more.  It's a definite purchase and it's plug and play as well.  Just don't expect to dance or cry.
B000002MFN|5.0|This album will go down in Madonna's history as one of her most under-rated works. It deserved more recognition, because it is, easily, one of Madonna's most personal and creative albums to date. From the slow groove of the title track &quot;Erotica&quot;, to the haunting &quot;Secret Garden&quot;, from the energy of &quot;Why's It So Hard&quot;, to the funk of &quot;Waiting&quot;.. Erotica has it all.. and a whole lot more.<br />Forget &quot;Sex&quot;, &quot;Erotica&quot; shows us what is inside of her, not just the outside.
B000002OFG|5.0|This album gives an unadulterated taste of Petty's music and ambition in his younger years.  One can clearly see his (and the Heartbreakers) strong talent and love of the music.  A classic.
B000002LND|5.0|Madonna has to be one of the most influental and well known artists of the 20th century. Her music is loved by all ages, all races and all kinds of people from all around the world. There is not one person on this earth who can admit to not liking a Madonna song.<br />This greatest hits collection &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot; gives her fans and the general public an insight into her amazing musical career from the years 1983 up until 1990. While a few of her best tracks are missing from this collection &quot;Who's That Girl&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;Oh Father&quot;, the 15 greatest hits and the 2 new songs on this album will provide any music loving person with just over 75 minutes of listening bliss. Enjoy this trip, Immacaulate Colletion II coming soon (i hope!).....
6304819935|5.0|this is one of the greatest horror-comedy i have ever seen even better than army of darkness.bruce campbell is great as ash and i pray there will be an evil dead 4     END
B000002VBY|5.0|This is the best Krokus album ever. This is a must have for any 80's metal collector! Eat the Rich and Stayed Awake all Night stick out! This album needs to be played at full volume. Once you have this one you'll want to collect the rest, though the rest of the albums never capture Headhunter's ferocity!  So Stand and be Counted!
0553275569|5.0|This is by far one of the best and most well written books that I have ever read.
B000003JAB|5.0|Well hear I am again reviewing one of my favorite artists. Robin's second album is a more rock and rolly than Twice Removed From Yesterday. Bridge of Sighs is my favorite. It's one of those tunes that just goes on and on. You could listen to it forever. Strats and Marshall amps just go together and you can really hear his angle tops talking in this album. I saw Robin Live at the Paramount Theater in Portland, Oregon and one of the tunes he played was Bridge of Signs. A smaller but acoustically great place to hear that song. Day of the Eagle is a real high energy tune that rocks real good. You won't be sorry you got this album either. Twice Removed From Yesterday and Bridge of Sighs are two must have albums from Robin if you consider yourself a &quot;TRUE FAN!&quot;
006017322X|5.0|When I first read this book in 1962, I was the  same age as the narrator, Scout.  I was from  Alabama, too, and I recognized so many of the  characters (Miss Maudie, Miss Rachel, Calpurnia, Aunt Alexandra, and even Boo Radley) that I was  sure that Maycomb was actually my hometown.  I  asked my mama, but she said, &quot;No.&quot;  However, the  &quot;real&quot; Maycomb was just a few miles away.  <br />I have read To Kill a Mockingbird hundreds of times, so many that I can quote huge chunks.  It is gratifying that so many people agree with me that it's a great book, but even if no one else agreed, I would still think it was the best book in the world!
B000002UB3|5.0|I rank Abbey Road as the second best Beatles album (behind Revolver) and certainly one of the greatest albums of all-time.  My roomate in college played this CD one night and forever changed my perception on The Beatles.  Little did I know The Beatles had so much range in the songs they wrote, so much power and feeling in the music they created.  And so many great songs on one album!  &quot;Oh Darling&quot; and &quot;I Want You&quot; are two of my absolute favorites.  But it's the beautiful &quot;Something&quot; that really floored me.  I was hooked. I made a mental note to myself to buy every CD the Beatles ever recorded.  As I listened to Abbey Road I kept saying, &quot;I didn't know the Beatles sang that!&quot; and &quot;Damn, this is like a greatest hits album!&quot;  My roomate just nodded in acknowledgement.  He was already privy to the fact that Abbey Road was a classic, and that The Bealtes are the standard by which other bands can only measure themselves.  Ever! ! y fan of music should add Abbey Road to their collection of CDs.  It's a can't miss buy.
B000002J1C|5.0|Yes has made some good albums. This one is a very good one. Songs like &quot;all good people&quot; and &quot; Yours is no disgrace are quality songs that will make you feel good...
038097617X|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. The characters are so well drawn and the dialogue is sparkling. I felt as if I was in Claire's head the whole time. Going from her confusion at James' desertion, to jealousy over his new life, to a new life with Adam.  In fact I was so immersed in the workings of her mind that I could understand her longing for things to be as they were with James even though he had treated her so badly because from the beginning her love for him is so strong and their marriage seemed ideal. By the time he reappears she is a new Claire, full of hope for the future but things aren't quite as she imagines and I empathized with her and the heartrending choices she must make for the sake of her daughter. In the end things work out beautifully for her and I was delighted as if she was one of my friends.  The whole &quot;cast&quot; is excellent and even the stuffy pig James is memorably drawn (his true nature emerging late on in the book). I felt her family could h! ! ave been mine at times!!  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good book!!!
B000005RS7|5.0|If you like good music, THIS record is WELL worth the money and time... it will be your favorite for a long time!  DO NOT CHEAP OUT -- GO FOR THE IMPORT VERSION, because it has the song UNDER THE IVY which is not on the cheapy US version of the CD.  HIT THE &quot;ADD TO YOUR CART&quot; BUTTON - NOW! ;-) *hihi*  Thanks for reading Love, Ricker Greenley
B000002HRE|5.0|I love this CD. I love the second Unforgiven. I think it's better than the first. This is one of there best Cd's yet. I also love to listen to Where the Wild Things Are. I listen to this CD all the time, more than I ever listened to any of there other releases.
0880793082|5.0|This is the best deck of cards I have ever came across. It has helped me and others to reach our inner reality. The Book is full of spirtual conditions. It helps to see inner reality from new perspectives. It will help anyone who calls for its help. A true mirror.
B000002NHN|5.0|I use this CD to relax, especially after a long stressful day. I also use it for helping me to fall asleep when I am tense. Her other CD, The Mask and the Mirror, holds very soothing songs as well. Loreena does not disappoint anyone with this CD, or, I bet, with any of her other CD's either.
6303637493|5.0|Set in 18th Century Europe, this is the story of castrato Carlo Broschi (known as &quot;Farinelli&quot;), arguably the greatest (at least the most popular) singer of all time.  The film delves into his life in a deeply personal, if fictionalized, way.  Reminiscent of &quot;Amadeus&quot; in its mixture of truth and fiction, we follow the lives of Farinelli and his brother, the composer Ricardo Broschi, from street trumpet duels through stardom, and Farinelli's life as a court figure and personal singer to King Phillip V of Spain.<br />Farinelli struggles with fractured memories and painful questions as he learns to use his talent apart from his brother's composing.  No, no, that's too flat a description of the story -- after watching this film MANY times, I must say that each time I see it, I find new sub-plots and new techniques applied in direction, cinematography and music.<br />The film features lush cinematography and a unique and rich soundtrack (featuring the computer-b! ! lended voices of Derek Lee Ragin, Counter-tenor, and Ewa Mallas-Godlewska, soprano, to simulate the vocal range of Farinelli).<br />I could not give a higher recommendation to this film, which I *believe* won a Golden Globe for best foreign language film, and was nominated for an Oscar in the same category.<br />CORRECTIONS:  Stefano Dionisi is the star, not the Director or Producer (the listing should read, &quot;by Gerard Corbiau&quot;).  Also, the name of the film is &quot;Farinelli, Il Castrato&quot;     END
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is a wonderfully written, intriguing, heartwarming book that I think everyone should at least try. I have read many great books, but Hazel and his companions will always stay with me. For those who didn't like it, I suggest you stick to Charolotte's Web and Runaway Ralph until you're a bit older. For those who did, I reccomend Tales From Watership Down and The Plague Dogs (also by Richard Adams), The Redwall Series (Brian Jacques), and Tailchaser's Song (Tad Willams). Don't hesitate- Watership Down is a great book for all ages!
0553278355|5.0|Many things fascinated me about The Bell Jar. One is that I knew the story of Sylvia Plath's suicide before I read it, so I knew I was not merely reading a story. I was reading Sylvia Plath's own  deepest fears and ambitions and joys, many of which I could relate to. It is fascinating how seemlessly her writing flows from her sanity to insanity in a way in which you can barely tell when the change began. It is almost eery (and a bit frightening) when you realize how many moments in Esther's life you can completely relate with emotionally. And finally, it was fascinating to learn from her story, how a seemingly normal person's mental stability can be so fragile and unreliable. I will never forget this book as long as I live, and recommend it with all my heart. MRL
B000005JXG|5.0|If you've never heard the Pogues, this is THE place to start. Much has been said about their blend of Irish Folk music, Rock and Punk, but what all of the blathering amounts to is this: This is the finest album to swill copious amounts of liquor to on the planet. Shane MacGowan is, in this poor proles estimation, the finest and most HUMAN of the poets of the twentieth century. The fact that the backdrop to Shane's beautiful lyrics happens to be the most toe-tapping, vibrant, and downright beautiful blend of instruments and instrumentalists sometimes makes little difference. When you're shouting out &quot;Let EM Go, Boys!&quot; at the top of your drunk lungs at three in the morning, don't say you weren't warned. The most infectuous and brilliant piece of literature and, simultaneously, symphony, is but one click away. ORDER THIS WITH YOUR LAST 20 DOLLARS AND SAVE YOUR SOUL.
044651652X|1.0|Don't bother.  Your time would be better spent watching All My Children.
B000006NPY|5.0|This is definitely not a typical album. Not in a time when bands like Third Eye Blind and Matchbox 20 come to mind at the thought of &quot;alternative&quot; music. Perhaps that is why it has received so many harsh reviews. It is definitely not what people expected as a follow-up to &quot;Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness&quot;, a double-album that featured over-driven guitars and angst-filled screams. But the real fans saw this one coming. The Pumpkins promised fans even before the release of &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; that there would not be another album like any of the previous Pumpkin albums. Why? Because that would go against what the band is all about. Going against the grain. Destroying and taking over the mainstream. They succeeded before, and, in my opinion, succeeded again.    Being by far the most mature Pumpkins album, &quot;Adore&quot; captures the sensitivity and love that many did not see before in Billy Corgan (although I can't understand why not, af! ! ter hearing so many sweet songs of his before). It captures the listener from the beginning and drags them along for a smooth ride. Although &quot;Adore&quot; may not be as loud as prior albums, it still rocks at certain points. It doesn't have the feel of a rock album, though. &quot;Adore&quot; goes far beyond that. It is a unique gem in the Pumpkins collection, and it should please the fans (although a few will be disappointed, no doubt).     While a person might not fall in love with &quot;Adore&quot; after one listen, it is not because it lacks quality. It is because &quot;Adore&quot; is by far the most advanced album that has been released to date. I applaud Billy Corgan, James Iha, and D'arcy for another spectacular achievement that will hopefully get the recognition that it deserves. As suggested in the song &quot;Apells and Oranjes&quot;, the Pumpkins were &quot;diggin' for the feel of something new.&quot; It looks like they struck oil.
0451163540|4.0|Thriller was not the book that won me over to Follet's capers. It, however, secured me in the faith that he is the master of his very much European style of espionage that Chandler did not master in his time. I always believed that this book was destined to be a Hollywood film. If that happens, please do not ruin it with an old overweight actor as was the case with The Key to Rebecca, also a great story but a terrible film.
0670880728|5.0|Helen Fielding does a wonderful job of showing readers what goes through the mind of a single woman in today's world.  You feel as though you are abruptly thrown into her world on January 1, but by January 3 you find yourself cheering her on as though she were your best friend.  I especially liked the true-to-life situations of looking for pantyhose in the morning, and four pairs later finding ones without visable holes, or runs...they just need to be untied from the knot they mysteriously tied themselves into while in the laundry basket!  I found myself laughing out loud at the beach many times with this book. An easy, fun must-read at the beach book!
B000002UAX|5.0|I cyber-spaced my way here because I was curious to know what people could possibly write about this record.  Most of the reviews make valid comments about the juxtaposition of the songs, the fact that this is a very 'disparate' collection. By the time The Beatles laid down the White Album, they were the TIGHTEST band in history: forget anything Nile Rodgers, George Clinton, James Brown, Sly Stone or any other funkmeister has dreamt up before or since -- these four could play spoons in the bath and it would just click, click, click.  You're hearing beautiful notes played together, in perfect harmony.  The only other times I've heard this type of sound would be from the late 1950's Miles Davis recordings, The Beach Boys (esp. Pet Sounds) and some Bach organ music. The perfection of a 'Piggies' or a 'Rocky Raccoon' is that a) it's nonsense, b) it sounds bloody brilliant.  Another highlight: Paul McCartney inventing the world's first punk song!  Who would have thought the ! ! old balladeer could dream up Helter Skelter. Well, if I ever get stranded on a desert island, this is the one 'rock'album I will take, listen to every day, and still find something to make me weep. God Bless The Beatles.
B00000269M|5.0|I'LL KEEP THIS SHORT.  THE PERFECTION OF THIS POP COLLECTION IS SO SLICK, IT'S LIKE RIDING A ROLLER COASTER THROUGH A FUN HOUSE.  BY THE TIME YOU'RE GETTING TO ENJOY THE RIDE ON SONGS LIKE THE FUNKY ANOTHER PART OF ME OR EXPERIMENTAL SPEED DEMON THE RIDE IS OVER.  BUT, YOU WILL WANT TO JUMP ON AGAIN TO HEAR THE CUTS DIRTY DIANA, MAN IN THE MIRROR AND OF COURSE LIBERIAN GIRL.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This CD is, no doubt about it, the most ear-pleasing hard rock album I have ever had the pleasure of listening to.  It is a brilliant combination of the 'Pumpkin's works, and is a truly excellent tribute to the world of modern rock as we know it.  This CD has certainly changed the future of rock &amp; roll forever.  I reccomend this CD to anyone who is anyone, and it is certainly not to be missed.
B000005ALN|5.0|I'VE BEEN A GEORGE MICHAEL FAN FOR A LONG TIME NOW (AT LEAST 12 YEARS) AND I CAN HONESTLY SAY THAT THIS IS ONE  OF THE BEST ALBUMS I'VE PICKED UP IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS.  IT'S SOOTHING. IT'S MELLOW, BUT MOST OF ALL IT'S THERAPEUTIC FOR THE SOUL.  IT'S THE TYPE OF ALBUM YOU CAN LISTEN TO WHEN UNWINDING OR FACING SOME TOUGH DECISIONS IN LIFE.  FROM JESUS TO A CHILD TO SPIN THE WHEEL (MY PERSONAL FAVORITE)  ALL THE WAY TO FREE IS A TRIP INSIDE THIS HIGHLY UNDERRATED SONGWRITERS ACHY SOUL.  I JUST HOPE THAT HIS NEXT ALBUM TAKES US TO YET AN EVEN DIFFERENT LEVEL.  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GEORGE LIKE THE SONG SAYS YOU HAVE BEEN LOVED.                                   LONG TIME FAN                                                    GOD1211
B000005YZM|5.0|I just recently discovered the Zombies and they are incredible. Odessey and Oracle has at least two versions of each song (alternate takes, mono vs. stereo, etc.). The extra takes are great. It was made around the same time as Pet Sounds (Beach Boys) and although I've heard people say that the Zombies were strongly influenced by Brian Wilson, I don't really hear it. It also sounds 10 times better than Pet Sounds.
B000000WF0|5.0|The Verve is way cool, perfect vibes for when you just want to chill, dream, dance, maybe twirl, add some depth to quiet air, or just to compliment your existence.
B000002BYA|5.0|This is a great CD because of one half being done by Vaughan and DT and the second half with Jimmy Vaughan and Dr. John and The Roomfull of Blues. This is the only good Live CD to get!
B000002J09|5.0|If i were to put one Rock album in a time capsule to save for future generations, Led Zep IV would be the one. Not only does it contain their signiture song, which turned on a generation (does anyone remember laughter?), but it showed the band at its most extreem. The hymn like &quot;Stairway&quot; is balanced by the pile driver &quot;When the levee breaks&quot;. The rolling, hippie tribute &quot;Misty mountain hop&quot; is countered with the hard rock bite of &quot;Black Dog&quot;. and then there is &quot;Rock n Roll&quot;, and the haunting duet &quot;Battle of Evermore&quot;<br />All in all, i'd say this is arguably the greatest rock album of all time, and certainly the apogee of the mighty Zeppelin's flight.
B000002U9E|5.0|All of Kate's work is wonderful, but this one and The Red Shoes are my favorites thus far. Her voice conjures angels &amp; children all the way to demons and everything in between.
B000002VTE|5.0|This one shows the rest of the business the way it should be done. Some folks are going to detest it because you can't jump up and down to it, and there are a few tracks that could maybe have been slimmed down a little, but overall a fantastic record full of pain, feeling, soul and hypnotic sounds. Amazing production too- if you think you don't notice stuff like that just listen to this with your eyes closed.
0688052304|1.0|I've read many books but this one I didn't get.  I've heard so many times that this book is a classic, yet when I read it--I just asked myself why?  I must be missing something.  It took me two weeks to complete the book and I couldn't wait to put it down.  I can never put down a book once  I begin it--even a bad book--so I was forced to read the whole thing.  And when I finished I was so relived--no more burdens; no more pain.  I was finnally done.  <br />There was so much detail of scenery;  So many pages with words without substance.  I got lost in the pages and couldn't wait to get out.
0380973634|2.0|The hero is a boring, mundane, dumb as a post British businessman, the sort of character that you often see in British fiction, and always seem to see in British fantasy.<br />The story revolves around a magic world beneth London where the homeless and lost really live.  I found that just offensive to turn the real tragity of homelessness into a trite fantasy fairy tale.<br />I didn't care about the characters, and although the setting was decent (once I stopped being annoyed by the idea) the conflict wasn't too impressive.<br />In the end, the boring british guy discovers his own potential for greatness (good for him!  I didn't see any potential for greatness in him at all) and chooses the magic London fairy land over his boring life.<br />Yawn. <br />AIM
B000001OAA|4.0|Garbage is more exciting than other alternative acts of their time because of the way they manage to blend electronic aspects with guitar and drums.  This is a rock album but there is also a nice rough electronic edge to it.  &quot;Stupid Girl&quot; uses a loop from an old Clash song, for example. &quot;As Heaven is Wide&quot; is an industrial song, that for some reason reminds me of Snap's &quot;The Power&quot;.  My favorite is the balad at the end, &quot;Milk.&quot;  There are some great remixes out there of that song as well.
B000001FY7|5.0|This is byfar one of Bob's best albums in his career.  Being a huge fan of reggae this is my favorite of all albums
B000002HHB|5.0|I adore this CD.. i never tire of any of the songs, as each is different and carries its own story. It is one of the few CD's i have that i always have in rotation. So many of the songs bring tears to my eyes, even after repetitious playing. What a rare gem!
B0000026DJ|5.0|I heard the music first from mtv' videos and then purchased the cassette in 1989, after I graduate from HS. My friends asked me why I bought it because MO's music sounded weird to them. Now after I lost the cassette I would pay double to get it back. Each track is a hit!
0393307050|5.0|My first encounter with &quot;M&amp;C&quot; was simply not being able not to notice the shelf full with Patrick O' Brian paperbacks in one of London's book stores. And as I wanted a new adventure story to read, I thought of picking up the first in the series. Little did I know that after reading the latter I shall be doomed to read ALL of them. Sadly, they are not available in my country, so I shall have to keep importing them from London... What the book did to me was it showed me the REAL life on the ship, not that overromanticised pirate stories crap you get. And I particularly enjoy Mr. O'Brian's reluctance to have the explanations of technical terms in any sort of added appendix. That gives one the most exellent opportunity to try and find out things for yourself, thus discovering more and more interesting things to dwell upon in life.  So to any of those who have heard about Aubrey/Maturin novels being a difficult read because of all the parafernalia in the langua! ! ge and terminology of the period, I want to put it this way. English is not my native language and I had the same fears of not being able to understand the best part of the book. And believe you me, my English is not the one of the professor of The National Maritime Museum, either. So FEAR NOT !!! For you WILL understand it and will strive to read on, and on, and on... It is literally worth every minute you spend on it. And it's not just spending, it's INVESTING!
0440224764|4.0|Grisham is very good at developing a story and making it rich with other little sub-stories. The Partner is a vibrant proof. The main story, stealing the money etc, does not qualify for anything . There is his usual stuff about lawyers, bad marriages and value of good friendship in a cruel and lonely world. We also sense a great deal of crookedness but he does not really get very close to it. Then of course if you ever want to lose several million Dollars through the international banking system, here is your manual.  He does not really goes deep into a social problem like he does in The Street Lawyer, Rainmaker or the Chamber. Despite all the averages, The Partner is a real page-turner. Here you appreciate Grisham as the book reads itself. You do not have to make any effort. He brings a lot of characters into the picture but you never lose your concentration. He stays shallow and does not go into deep maintaining a wide array of personalities and little related stories! !  attached to his hero. The plot works out too conveniently but somehow this does not bother us. But the ending (last three pages) is a big disappointment. I simply  can not understand why he did that?
B000005JXG|5.0|This CD makes you want to blow up Parlaiment! But seriously, this album rings true the voice of the Irish Republic. From haunting melodies to angry, drunk and downright rowdy drinking songs, this selection will be a favorite in any collection.
B000005ITX|5.0|Forever Changes has been a family legacy.  After wearing out the original wax version, we reordered several copies to achieve the minimum basis for a reprint.  Since the dawn of the CD we have not been able to find an OTC CD version on the East Coast.  I need to contact my brothers and sisters to let them know that I can obtain copies for them. This wonderful collection of songs reflects many of the contemporary tones of its own time and loses nothing in the three decades that have since passed.  What a sound!  Love Love!!!
0060977493|3.0|It seems to me that the author is trying to create a fairy tale or myth that combines Western and Eastern archetypes: the loss of an idealized world like the Garden of Eden, the crucifixion of innocents, Conrad's  Heart of Darkness, a fairy world like that in some of Shakespeare's plays, the twin motif from Eastern literature, incest, etc.  Thus the writing style which employs devices typical of oral literature such as repeated catch phrases which act as mnemonic devices. Whereas I admire such creativity and found the book very entertaining and original, I felt the author needed to trust the audience to read between the lines without having to telegraph the symbols and her point so obviously.  The problem is that such artificiality and contrivance diminish the emotional response of the reader.  The book's events are meant to be horrifying, but they don't seem real or convincing.  Also, most myths seem to be distilled down to their essence; such a concentration seems nec! ! essary to provide the universal significance.  Elements of realism distract.  Roy seems to want to have it both ways--to be mythic and realistic simultaneously.  A simpler approach might have been more effective.  She was at her best in the comic scenes, for example the welcome home &quot;play&quot; for Sophie Mol. She's at her worst with the adult Rahel and Estha's self-indulgent moping.  However, the book contains a lot pleasures and is definitely worth reading.
B0000047CW|5.0|\\"Great companion to \\"Getz/Gilberto\\". Pure Samba without singers.<br /><br />Charlie Byrd went to Brazil and heard the then unknown Antonio Carlos Jobim. He played Jobim records for Stan Getz, they got Keter Betts and two drummers went to All Soul's Unitarian Church in DC, and created the first Bossa Nova, Samba record in the US -  a monster hit with \\"Desafinado\\". It changed America, and Jazz forever. For a decade every Jazz player tried to imitate it. The best selling Jazz CD of the decade, that's how good it is. A number one Hit of the Billboard Jazz, Pop and Rock charts at the same time. No other Jazz album, not other album of any type, not even \\"Kind of Blue\\", even \\"Getz /Gilberto\\", has ever achieved that.<br /><br />Listen to subtle polyrhythym drumming from Deppenschmidt & Riechenbach which add an authentic Carnivale touch. There is more traditional Samba polyrhythm on this CD than any of the subsequent Getz Bossa Nova CD's and most BN cd's by subsequent artists who tried to capitalize om the BN craze. Hear this on \\"E Luxo So\\".<br /><br />Stan floats and soars in \\"Desafinado\\" (Portuguese for \\"offkey\\"), \\"E Luxo So\\" and \\"Bahia\\". Most authentic Brazilian Getz Samba recording.<br /><br />Hear Stan make each note 3-Dimensional blue fog note count.\\"<br /><br />Beautiful!, Lyrical!! Soaring!!! One of the ten best Jazz recordings ever made.\\"<br />from my 1998 review<br /><br />2006 update<br />Yes it's true, as wonderful a sax man as Getz was, and I think he was the best, he was cheap. He got all the credit and most of the money for this album and he and Byrd fought over the rights to it for a decade in the courts.<br />Nevertheless its' wonderful. - maybe that's why they fought<br />This CD is a perennial favorite that never grows old.<br /><br />Jobim had admired Getz Cool, melancholy Sound for a decade and had actually modeled his new toned down, slowed down Samba sound, called \\"Bossa Nova\\", on the Getz sound before they even met!<br /><br />For people who like Bossa Nova but don't like Astrud Gilberto's singing on \\"Getz/Gilberto\\", this is the ideal album.<br /><br />see my list of Best Cool albums and Best Getz.<br />Highest recommendation! I hope that when I eventually die, (no time soon) at my funeral someone will play the soaring, always happy \\"E Luxo So\\" to send me on my way!s the ideal album.     see my list of Best Cool albums and Best Getz.  Highest recommendation! I hope that when I eventually die, (no time soon) at my funeral someone will play the soaring, always happy \\"E Luxo So\\" to send me on my way!
0385484518|4.0|As a person recently diagnosed with  another neurological disease  MULTIPLE SCREROSIS this book hits  with the force of a frieght train.  Alternately frightening and  uplifting to someone in my situation  I hope to live up to the standards  that Morrie set before me.
B000002UJQ|5.0|My first taste of Radiohead - Pink Floyd meets This Life. Paradoid Android must be one of the seminal songs of the 90s. I read an interview with Tom York where he talked of Paranoid Android being a distillation of the entire album which, was not an attempt to write a &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; but a collage of movement. The melding of those pieces is mind-blowing.<br />The final track on the album, The Tourist, is heart-racingly powerful, leaving you with a sense of place; a sense of humanity which is totally subversive when unleashed.<br />I now wonder whether Radiohead can ever transcend OK Computer, not that I doubt their ability, but every great band has a creative pinnacle which they may never reach again. I just wonder if Radiohead have hit that peak with OK Computer.
0790729628|5.0|I was a ten year old boy when Blade Runner was released to the world.  When I was old enough to watch it, I loved how the story progressed. The idea of androids wanting to live beyond their 4 year lifespan was really revolutionary. I bought the Director's Cut on letterboxed video sometime after 1993 and it made more sense than the original film.  Because of the unicorn scene, Harrison Ford's character could be an Android and doesn't know it.  I shall wonder about Rachel and Deckard after this story.  I hope they continue to dream of electric sheep.     END
B0000060NA|4.0|Why this album is praised to the hilt over Innervisions or Talking Book, baffles me!  Songs In the Key of Life is probably the most overrated of all Stevie's albums.  When I first started collecting Stevie's work, this was the first I had.  When I first heard it, I thought It was the best until I picked up Talking Book, then Innervisions.  After I heard those two albums, I came to the conclusion that Songs In the Key Of Life just doesn't compare.  Still, Songs In the Key Of Life contains some of the greatest work by one of the greatest singers/songwriters/producers of all time.  It's only faults are that Stevie takes typical three minute songs and draws them out to six minutes or more!  Songs like &quot;Sir Duke&quot;, &quot;I Wish&quot;, &quot;Knocks Me Off My Feet&quot;, &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot;, &quot;I Am Singing&quot;, &quot;All Day Sucker&quot;, &quot;Ebony Eyes&quot;, and a few other okay songs, save the album.  Today, I don't listen to Songs In the Key Of Li! ! fe all the way through.  Instead I have a cassette master of the album, where I weed out and edit all the long or unwanted songs.<br />Peace El-715
0802713319|2.0|The book reviews the mathematics associated with Fermats Enigma, but did not tell nearly enough about the mathematicians particularly Andrew Wiles and his search to solve the Enigma.   At times, I felt as if I were reading a math book, or a somewhat dry book on the history of mathematics.
B000002BFL|5.0|Listening  The Ghost of Tom Jode  is one of the most phenomenal experiences of my life.   The stories told on this CD are the stories of America.  Not the America that Hollywood or the network news shows us, but the real America, the place where we all live and struggle to make ends meet in a &quot;good&quot; economy.
B0000024RQ|5.0|I'm a kid of the late eighties/early nineties, and even I cannot resist the greatness of this album. I love the understated wit of &quot;Talkin WWIII Blues,&quot; with that spectacular off-the-cuff attitude, and the line &quot;Good car to drive/After a war!&quot; And of course the immortal &quot;Masters of War,&quot; with its almost too-intense delivery and the unrelenting, unblinking gaze he casts upon the horror.Then there's the heartbreaking &quot;Girl from the North Country&quot; and &quot;Don't Think Twice&quot;--how can one artist fit so many awesome songs on one album? It has every emotion, every insight, jewel-like and diamond hard. Unadulterated brilliance.
0897500482|5.0|Tao of Jeet Kune Do is, in my opinion, the best martial arts book that has ever been written.  This book is to be used as a guide on how to become a great martial artist.  The first section of the book is a collection of various thoughts and philosophies the master wrote down which pertain to martial arts as a way of life.  Then the book goes on into the qualities of Jeet Kune Do and guidelines on how to become a good fighter which includes excercise, quick seeing, plan of attack, and much, much more.  If you read this book cover to cover it gives you the most information on how to fight than any other martial arts book I have ever read.  It is a true masterpiece by a great master and I suggest this book for martial arts and Bruce Lee fans all over.
0446343129|5.0|Sugar Blues is a real eye-opener, and just as relevant today as it was when it was first published in 1975. Dufty traces the history of refined sugar and the toll it has taken on mankind since its introduction. He takes the sugar and food processing industries to task as well as the AMA, the FDA and the White House. And above all he condemns the poisonous Standard American Diet. Required reading for anybody trying to avoid diabetes, cancer or heart disease.
B000002H97|5.0|This is without a doubt the BEST Album ever made.  Not only Metallica's best, but the best in general.  Every song is a hit and you will want to listen to it over and over again.  For anyone who appreciates great music, regardless of the genre, this should be a part of your collection.  Buy it today!!!
B00000258J|5.0|Great colaboration between Mudday and Johnny Winter, I recommend checking any of the Blue Sky stuff if love Muddy
B000002BMD|1.0|This first album without Richey should be burned.Generation terrorists and Holy Bible was great but Everything must go is just polished cheap rock,sounds like brit pop.
067942850X|5.0|I can understand why Chris McCandless turned away from his parents.  I can understand why he wanted to be his own person and live off the land.  But to go off into the wilderness of Alaska so unprepared was not the thinking of a rational person.  How could someone so smart, have been so stupid?
0844230006|5.0|Very often I notice that the execution of an ad is translated as &quot;Creativity.&quot;  James Webb Young reminds us in his small book that ideas are the soul of any good ad. This book is a critical tool for any teacher who wishes to instruct his or her students in the same principle.
B000002WYT|5.0|It doesn't get any better than this, great beat and lyrics.  I will admit that it is one of the best cd's I 've ever bought.
0446605409|5.0|I was more than a little impresed with the novel, it was well written, funny, insightful and although the protagonist is a self proclaimed chaulvanist, he is endearing and irritating at the same time. The plot twists and turns until you realize that you are reading an entirely different book ultimately then you thought you were. I'm hooked on DeMille now, he has a certain self awareness into the male psyche that is both enlightening (to women) and amusing.  Read it, you will enjoy!
B000002UJQ|5.0|I didn't think that i would like this cd but friends kept telling me how good it was so i bought it. it turned out to be a great album. I love it, it is great!
0312954468|5.0|Now to all those that dislike this book for it's lack of acurate historical fact,  I say.. &quot;the fact that you could tell right off the it has a lack of historiacl fact should tell you that you are not reading a history book here&quot;  WooHoo Man what a piece of history it is now because it is just simply a Way Cool book.  Never boring.  I was actually sad that it ended.  Imagine that!!!!
B000002UKS|5.0|This CD is SO great. It is maybe my favorite CD in my collection. Every song on it is great! I recommend this album very highly.
0670880728|5.0|This book is completely brilliant, as most people of good taste and judgment have discovered by now. But her previous book, Cause Celeb, is also completely brilliant, and I think it's high time everybody read that too.
B000002L3P|5.0|As a big Stevie Ray Vaughn fan, I was skeptical when I heard that this 18 year old was tagged as his heir apparent.  I was pleasantly surprised, however, when I heard this disc.<br />Most of the attention has focused on the guitar playing, and justifiably so, because its terrific.  But this kid also has a great rock/blues voice that normally takes years of hard living to develop.  If you are a Stevie Ray fan, or just a fan of good blues-rock guitar, you need this disc.
B00004THO3|5.0|Lots of them!!! Just take a look at customer reviews, they areall very recent, why? because this book is a classic! there are two kinds of people in this world, those who love the book and those who like it but won't admit it. Many are listed here below..I must accept that I saw the movie first, and I liked it very much so then I read the book which complemented certain things that are not portrayed nor explained in the movie.
0345403959|5.0|For those of you who have read the Belgariad and the Mallorean, this book is a must.  It clears  the cobwebs away from the dim past of one of modern fantasy's most intriguing characters.  As Eddings eleborates each characters history, we see how they came to  have the quirks we find in his series'.  This book brings Belegarath into a more understandable and somewhat more human light.<br />Eddings continues to lace his books with his characteristically dry and witty humor.  A Must Read for all Eddings fans!
044651652X|5.0|Lots of them!!! Just take a look at customer reviews, they are all very recent, why? because this book is a classic! there are two kinds of people in this world, those who love the book and those who like it but won't admit it. Many are listed here below..I must accept that I saw the movie first, and I liked it very much so then I read the book which complemented certain things that are not portrayed nor explained in the movie.
B000002NHN|5.0|A few seconds of Ms. McKennitts music was all it took to introduce me to her seven wonderfully rich albums.  The music is so hauntingly familiar yet so foreign, as images of the Celts and auld England are so expertly woven into this seductive tapestry, one forgets the era he was born in... This is one artist who knows what she's about.
0517543052|5.0|Richard Alpert(Ram Dass) takes us on the journey from university professor with everything to surrendered soul ....via LSD trips with Timothy Leary.  Fantastic visuals of the process of self searching and finally learning the ultimate lesson that the soul is there to be enjoyed once it is given away.
B0000024V2|5.0|For thoes who like Kenny Wayne Shepared,you have to love this. I am not to sure but this album has to be 20-25 years old. This guy came way before SRV and one of the best in Texas. Listen to this and figure out for yourself who took the licks from whom.
B000002MP2|1.0|Yet another fart from Greenday.  I don't know why they don't try to cover these things up.  There is one original song on the album, and the rest of the songs copy off of this song.  I got a headache when I first listened to this album, but now I guess I developed an imunity.  Just like someone can develop an imunity to CANCER.
0446343129|5.0|When I first read this book and I realized I was addicted to sugar it was not a great surprise but it explained a lot!  When I read it again recently I noticed many information I had forgotten was there.  I recommend it to anyone wanting a happier and healthier life!
0060392584|5.0|Sitting on a stunned throne I read.  Reading a book that I thought I would never pick up in my life.  As a Christian I sit and test the Christian nature of &quot;Marylin Manson.  What I found was a person abused by what the world had offered, and by finding freedom in himself, he reached stardom.  Not stardom in the sense of money but stardom in the sense of Self-accomplishment.  Marylin Manson has shown to me the ugliness of the world through this book, and in the same the ugliness in the nature of human existence.  People who say that he is satanic haven't spent the time to read this book or listen to the true meaning of the words he preaches.  Don't get me wrong, I do not believe in what he is....or some of the things he portrays but he is an accomplished asset to society.  He preaches the truth whether we like it or not.  The hate, the dark side of evil forms around us and he is one of the few to tell it the way it is.  I really enjoyed this book to the fullest and I ! ! think anyone who is not a Manson fan will find a little piece with what he represents after reading this.
0670880728|4.0|I really enjoyed this book, and not just becuase I'm a single woman.  It made me laugh out loud and to me that is the ultimate summer read.  Men, try to remember your sense of humor.  This is a comedy not a commentary on society.
B000000OSE|5.0|Use Your Illusion 1 is a fine example of how a chart topping band such as Guns N Roses can out do themselves again and again. It rocks us right away with &quot;Right Next Door To Hell&quot;.  They do a great remake of Paul Mcartney's &quot;Live and Let Die&quot; on track 3.   The next song is &quot;Don't Cry&quot;. This track is a very beautiful song, very deep.  They then rock us again with the explicet &quot;Perfect Crime&quot;.  This track alone got this CD the Parental Advisory label.   Track 7, &quot;Bad Obsession&quot; is a very interesting track, they use a harmonica in that song.  That is something totally new for a metal band, very nice.   Track 10: November Rain is the most amazing song on the CD.  It has beauty and art to it.   They then rock us again, with &quot;The Garden&quot;, &quot;Don't Damn Me&quot; and the ultimate mosh pit song &quot;Garden of Eden.  The final track is by far the most interesting.  &quot; Coma is a song about the drug use.  It frowns! !  down and talks about how it ruins a life.  This song has amazing vocals by Axel Rose and amazing guitar by Slash, with great sound effects. This song is truly amazing.  This is by far Guns N Roses best album.  Axel Rose, the genius and star of the group did amazing vocals and writing.  Slash was great on the guitar as usaul.  Duff was great on the bass and backup vocals.  Matt Sorum was good on the drums.  The most underated talent of the group is Izzy. He wrote almost half the songs and did great with vocals and guitar. It is a shame that he is no longer with the group.  This album is amazing.  I give it my highest rating. It is a shame that Guns N Roses has not done anything new for awhile. They are having internal problems.<br />Nathan Dusek
0345350499|5.0|My friend saw me reading this book and told me that it was just another boring cry for feminism, but despite her opinion, I got through the book, and I couldn't put it down.  This is now one of my favorite books, and I hope to read more by MZB. The characters were well-developed and you felt like you really knew them.  I was almost crying at the end, and I was extremely disappointed to see it come to an end, after having it to read for three weeks, it was hard to find anything else to satisfy me.
B000001ZS5|5.0|&quot;Les Chants Magnetiques&quot;, or &quot;Magnetic Fields&quot;, as it is sometimes known, is a marvelous record, incorporating vigorous movement together with quiet spaces, and blending them seamlessly. Along with the music, there are sections of everyday sounds that remain obscure enough to tantalize your imagination (is it a shopping mall? was that a subway station?). The effect is of switching from the everyday to the musically unique, and perhaps of seeing one as an extension of the other. Note the specific use of MACHINE sounds in contrast to the more natural sounds found on some of Jarre's other works. This tends to place certain interpretations on the record's title (or vice-versa?). Modern life needs its machines and its magnetic fields just as much as Jarre himself does. But the record isn't all serious. The great mambo at the end is a light-hearted ending to an unforgettable record.
0140013997|5.0|I first read this book in 7th grade and have read it dozens of times since.  I feel like I know the Durrell family almost as well as my own.  While living in Europe a few years ago, I stumbled on part three of the Corfu trilogy, The Garden of the Gods, while greedily scanning the shelves of an English bookstore in Florence.  It is just as good.  Part 2, Birds, Beasts and Relatives,  eludes me.  Maybe I'll order it from here.  I just love his writing style.  This book never fails to cheer me up when I feel down.  Read this book - you will not forget it!!
B000002JB8|5.0|If I could only listen to one CD for the rest of my life, I'd start the selection process with the best of Beethoven from classical, some Beatles and Moody Blues from rock, perhaps some Weather Report from jazz and also some Vangelis. &quot;Oceanic&quot; would have to be included and might end up as the single CD.<br />     &quot;Oceanic&quot;, like previous Vangelis inspirations, &quot;Chariots of Fire&quot; and &quot;Blade Runner&quot; transcends rhythm and melody to become a spiritual experience. Where it takes you will depend on you, but it will evoke a response or even a journey if you give it a chance. My first encounter with &quot;Oceanic&quot; was not impressive, just listening to snatches of a few tracks as somebody else played the CD. But when I completed it entirely, it engrossed both my attention and imagination. The music sank into the background as my response welled up and the tracks seemed to build on each other somehow. Every time I listen to it now I get ! ! a different response, but it has turned into a meditative experience that I relish. &quot;Oceanic&quot; is a great title because this CD is deep and different every time you look at it. <br />     The tracks sampled here on Amazon give a very good taste of the overall flavor of the CD.
B000006OBQ|5.0|This is a *must* CD for any Sinatra fan.  You feel as though you are truly at the Sands and he is singing to you.  I especially enjoyed his monologues.  For one who grew up listening to my parents records, this is the next best thing to being there.  Thanks, Amazon
B000001ZS4|4.0|&quot;Equinoxe&quot; is the essential Jarre record, combining vintage analog synth sounds with atmospheric samples and effects. It deals with more varied themes than &quot;Oxygene&quot;, and in my opinion has a more textured feel. The most interesting thing is that some of the more subtle themes and melodies in &quot;Equinoxe&quot; reappear more prominently in &quot;Oxygene 7-13&quot;--you have to listen quite carefully  to discover this strange fact.       Overall, the record is probbly not for new Jarre listeners; but for those who are already familiar with his aural vocabulary, &quot;Equinoxe&quot; is one of his best.
0312853238|5.0|&quot;Ender's Game&quot; is, in my opinion, one of the greatest science fiction works ever written.  This book contains not only a glimpse of the future, a world hanging by a shoestring as only Orson Scott Card could make it, but also a hero any kid who's ever been taunted for being smart can relate to.  As a gifted student, I've seen firsthand the ridicule smart children are sometimes subject to simply because they're intelligent.  When I first read this book, I identified with Ender in a way I've never identified with any other character in any other novel I've ever read.  Card's rich descriptions of daily life at Battle School, the Battle Room, the Fantasy Game, and Peter and Valentine's plans weave an elaborate plot that's at the same time complex and simple.  Without ever understanding the exact structure of the government of Ender's Earth, the reader can easily see it is doomed to failure.  All in all, this book is a must-read for any child who tests above average! !  and for any person who has been the subject of ridicule because of their skill at something.  The Hugo and Nebula selection committees certainly knew what they were doing.
B000002H6C|5.0|If you have bought Metallica's black album, and you are looking for something more &quot;historical,&quot; this is the way to go.  Although the production is noticeably less sophisticated, it is tolerable, simply because the songs are so darn good!  Intelligent lyrics, amazingly complex song structure, this album never ceases to surprise.  Some highlights:  &quot;One,&quot; &quot;Frayed Ends of Sanity,&quot; and the title track.  Buy it now...enjoy!
0786889284|5.0|If you're looking for a great read and don't mind losing some sleep while caught up in Ridley Pearson's web of intrigue and fascinating forensics, then this page-turner is for you. I don't know why this author isn't better known (or IS he?), but I'm stoked I gave him a try.
B000000WCV|5.0|Daft Punk is the bawm they are unique and that's what ppl like.  They never let ppl see their faces so that shows that they are different and plus just listening to the music gets ANYBODY pumpin'. I use this album alot b/c it's great and UnIqUe!
B000002C4J|5.0|Celine Dion comes out with another great album. Although sometimes she can be too dramatic, she does a great job covering these songs.  My only dislike is that the Spanish song isn't available to US audiences.
1569564426|5.0|I am not sure when the first time I read the book was or saw the movie, but I do know that I fell in love with both.  Being from Alabama and having relatives that are from and still live in Monroeville I can relate to it very well.  It is a quite, sleepy little southern town just like it was when the book was written.  The book made me realize how people were then and how we really hadn't changed any.  If you haven't read the book or seen the movie than you are missing out.  It truly is a classic that will be handed down from generation to generation.
089845915X|1.0|Steinbeck's descrptions are good, but after seeing them in every other chapter, they get really old. He must be stupid to think that we don't know about what's going on during the trip to Oklahoma. Steinbeck was totally out of line whenhe ends the book by having some babyless mother breast feed an old hag that she doesn't even know.  It's just totally unreal.
B000002H97|5.0|I thought that this was a very good cd and I recomend it to all metallica fans out there.  I wish that I had enough money to buy every cd that metallica has ever made but sadly I do not! awesome!!!!!!!!!
0671015206|3.0|This book is redundant, redundant, redundant. I kept thinking that I lost my place and was re-reading the same pages. However, high-income earners who can't save 15% of their salary should read this.
B00000634L|4.0|A friend of mine once described Bran Van 3000 as &quot;sort of laidback, grovetastic kinda just outta bed and drinking a few beers cause you're out of corn flakes again kind vibe goin' down with 'em. sort of beck meets the eel with a black chick on lazy harmonies. soul but the couldn't really give a f#@* about sounding excited or sexy about it.&quot; .He brought the Cd back from florence with him,and i have to admit i was very impressed.
0385484518|5.0|Everyone I know is getting this book for Christmas this year. Should be required reading in every college and business school in America!
B000002HH9|2.0|To me, this album marked the beginning of the end of an all-out Cure fandom that had lasted for seven years. A few great songs, but on the whole unmoving, indulgent, and bland. The good ones are &quot;Want&quot; (predictable and uninspired lyrics, but an effective opener in the vein of &quot;The Kiss&quot; or &quot;Open&quot;), &quot;The 13th&quot; (a brilliantly successful experiment a la &quot;LoveCats&quot; or &quot;Caterpillar&quot;), &quot;Club America&quot; (a becomingly forceful and spry anthem), &quot;Mint Car&quot; (too catchy for words), and &quot;Jupiter Crash&quot; and &quot;Treasure&quot;, which have a nice atmosphere that I can't quite describe. 'Moody' songs like &quot;This Is A Lie&quot;, &quot;Numb&quot;, and &quot;Bare&quot;, however, just lie flat and quivering no matter how many times you try to listen to them and hear something special there. The superbly sequenced _Wish_ was apparently their last hurrah, unfortunately, but I guess they had to go so! ! ft eventually...
0875845851|4.0|Starts by turning the idea of &quot;good management&quot; completely on its head.  OK - if you can prove it. I'm not sure yet that Christensen has proven his points; I've only read the book twice.  But he makes sense.  Alot of the roadblocks I've encountered personally in bring innovative practices or technologies into organizations start to make sense in light of Christensen's analysis.  Read this book!
0399128964|5.0|A protean achievement of the highest order.  Not only one of the greatest science fiction stories ever written but a novel destined to be considered one of mankinds greatest literary achievements. It is not hyberbole to compare &quot;Dune&quot; to the greatest  works of any writer in history, including Shakespeare.  Herbert breathes life into his characters and their surroundings making them vivid and unforgettable, effortlessly transporting the reader into another world. You will feel the hot sand beneath your feet and see the majesty of the sand worms as you read the pages of this work of genius.
B000002HRE|5.0|Some people said that Metallica had gone soft; boy, were they ever wrong.  &quot;ReLoad&quot; in fact restates the well-known fact that Metallica is the king of heavy metal, and maybe all of rock and roll.  Personally, I believe that Metallica has survived so long in Heavy Metal because they make music, while other heavy metal bands get out what they want to say, having no musical integrity whatsoever.   &quot;ReLoad&quot; opens with &quot;Fuel&quot;, a high-energy track with Lars Ulrich keeping his perfect beat, Kirk Hammett soloing on lead guitar, and James Hetfield belting out the lyrics &quot;Gimme fuel, gimme fire, gimme that which I desire..&quot; in his famous voice.  &quot;Fuel&quot; is followed by &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, featuring Marianne Faithful with her vocal contributions.  &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; is next, beginning with a killer Jason Newsted bass solo.  Track 4 is &quot;The Unforgiven II&quot;, where Metallica uses the title as a double-meaning! ! : both as a sequel to &quot;the Unforgiven&quot; in &quot;Metallica: Metallica&quot;, and as the statement &quot;Because you're Unforgiven, too!&quot;  This not only shows Metallica's musical brilliance, but their talent in lyrics, as well.   The CD continues from there on, with such hits as &quot;Better Than You&quot;, &quot;Slither&quot;, and a slowed-down, accoustic played &quot;Low Man's Lyric&quot;.  My personal favorite on this CD is the unknown song &quot;Attitude&quot;, track #12, which simply states that sometimes you have do things your own way, right or wrong, to get the job done.   In conclusion, I definately recommend &quot;Fuel&quot;, by Metallica, as a CD any fan should own.  It will not only make you a bigger fan than you are, but will make you want to rush out and get the CDs that you do not own yet, like I did.  Metallica is king, for their &quot;Memory Remains.&quot;
0453007902|5.0|This exquisitely crafted, gorgeously written, wonderful and shattering story is read by Gary Sinise, a fine actor whose gravelly voice suits the material and whose love of Steinbeck is manifested in every line.
0345350499|5.0|This book is so much more than a feminist perspective on the Arthurian legends.  It explains Morgaine's actions and humanizes her.  In fact, it makes the whole legend plausible.  Because of this book, I returned to graduate school to study the Arthurian legends.  Also, I taught this book to my college freshman composition classes, and they loved it!  For me, 'Mists' was and continues to be a spiritual experience.
0684847248|5.0|My search for fundamental answers -- why do I do things the way I do, why I feel the way I feel, how do I get wiser, happier, more mature -- proved to be frustrating. Today's education is severely limited in the area of wisdom of living, albeit it made me fairly book-smart. Peck's book was a revelation in a sense that it provided insights I searched for, answers to questions I thought only those with innate talent for living knew, perhaps subconsciously. Peck's book is a jewel because it is brutally honest -- life is dificult, and theres no way around it.  However, Peck says, you can get better if you work at it, and he shares his insights into the art of discipline, love, and self-improvement based on his many years of phychiatric work with patients. Patients' cases alone would have been worth reading, but the book offers so much more.  One word of caution, though: sometimes the reading gets slow as thoughts and concepts become deep, but that did not happen to me too o! ! ften be be disappointing.
0345350499|1.0|I really didn't like this book, it was a required summer reading book for my school, and I didn't think it would ever end.  It is way too feminist for my taste.
0670880728|1.0|This is, quite simply, a sad little book. To think that this book is being touted as &quot;humorous&quot; or as a representing &quot;what every woman thinks&quot; is truly amazing in this day and age. In a nutshell Bridget is a twit and quite stupid. The only thing that makes you feel sympathy for her is that she is an alcoholic---a problem which neither she nor the author seem to acknowledge on any level, unless that is, the author thought this was screamingly funny.  I was compelled to finish it in the same way one watches a bad TV movie.  Perhaps it will appeal to people in their twenties, but the question is, why????
0441003257|5.0|A histerical account of the end of the world as funny as only Pratchett can write, and as vivid as only Gaiman can create. A superb read for fans of both and either.
B000003S5H|5.0|I love this cd.  You can play it over and over again and never tire of it. It's puts me in a near trance. I wish they had previous recordings.
B000002B38|5.0|The best of the Floyd. They are just as good live as in the studio. One of the best CDs I have ever heard.
0525244581|5.0|I'm a 15yo kid interested in learning about religions.  But, I'm sick of reading principle after principle of dull boring information.  But, &quot;The Tao of Pooh&quot; put all you need to know about Taoism in a very interesting way.  It is a MUST read.  Benjamin Hoff is a genius.
B000002KY8|5.0|Prince was far ahead of his time when he released this gem in 1982.  I remember being in high-school and becoming thoroughly engrossed in the purple haze.  Here we see the best Prince had to offer with &quot;Little Red Corvette&quot;, &quot;Delirious&quot;, and the title track &quot;1999&quot;  The 2 best tracks that went un-noticed were &quot;Automatic&quot; and &quot;Lady Cab Driver&quot;  This was his prime which climaxed with the &quot;Purple Rain&quot; soundtrack.  If you have never listened to this one all the way through, go buy it, crank it, and get rude!  Your neighbors will wonder what's up and you'll be better off as a human being. (musically speaking, of course)  Enjoy the best of the best.
B000002MP2|1.0|That's right.  This C.D. was just plain bad.  Who could call that stuff music?  The chord progressions were all unoriginal, except for maybe one.  The rest of the songs then copied off of this one original song to form one huge unoriginal blob of Dookie.  A fake English accent, a bad lead guitar, an O.K. bass line.  Who could like this band.  It is pitiful.  The strat sounds terrible under such distortion.  Thus, I conclude a synonym for the title of this album woud describe it nicely.
B000005J56|4.0|Although I prefer danzones and charangas to the son montuno, for lovers of the Cuban son, this is a must buy. The first recording, Chan Chan, is historically interesting because it discusses a love affair between an African and a Chinese person in Cuba. In the nineteenth century, there was a significant, involuntary immigration of Chinese to Cuba. This song reveals the Chinese presence in Cuba in a form that is not significantly recorded in history books. Pay attention to music, it reveals our culture! Ry Cooder's playing of the steel guitar on this recording is an innovative feature that gives a haunting quality to some of the recordings. A very interesting work.
B000002BYD|5.0|I don't think anyone will ever understand completely the bands true meanings in their lericts, but eddie's voice, undeniabley, will get to the senses in this album just like he did in all the rest. When you just want to get away from it all or if you are feeling that your world is not going perfect, just turn on Yield; all your worries will be lifted from your thoughts.
0964385619|5.0|or even 15 or 20?  I cannot recommend this book highly enough.  I grew up in a family where money was not even discussed (much like Robert's poor dad) and eventually got myself into a hole that has taken me a few years to nearly climb out of.  I even started my own Amway business a couple of months ago, but I now have a better idea of how I should be(and should have been) spending my money.   I know what I'm giving for Christmas gifts this year.
0385484518|5.0|When I reached the end of &quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot; I couldn't help but want to read more. Morrie deserves a sequel! They say death gives life meaning, but few who are dying are courageous enough (or have the opportunity) to share life's meaning with those of us left to live our lives day by day. As a collector of oral histories, I am inspired to carry on what &quot;Morrie&quot;.
B000007NYS|5.0|This is, hands down, a best the 80's in terms of music and songwriting. It's raw and heartfelt. It sounds so real because it is real.<br />Quantity was a problem for those of you caught in the Rought Trade/Chameleon debacle that rendered this album impossible to find. (never seen it used have you!) Good news for you though! It's finally back. I bought 5 copies for friends who'd never seen an un opened copy.<br />You've heard Mary Chapin-Carpenter, Patty Loveless, The Shramms, Tom Petty, The Silos, beat up on these great songs.
630026999X|3.0|For all of you that say &quot; This book is not worth reading &quot; or , &quot; This book is pathetic and barely tolerable &quot;, YOU'RE WRONG ! I would like to say that this is not one of his best books but it is very enjoyable . I would not critisize such a writer , it takes intelligence to scare someone with something you've written . When I read books by Mr. King , It's better than watching any movie or going anywhere because you make the people what you want them to be , look like , a movie in your head . I think everyone of his books are worth reading . I think everyone of his books are AMAZING !!!!!! SO THERE CRITICAL PEOPLE .       Have a nice day (smile)     END
630349255X|4.0|Full of wondeful cinematography, I'm inspired artisically every time I watch it.  Some people might find it a little boring because it doesn't have a plot, but is rather a visual collage of scenes from around the world, with an international/new age type soundtrack.  When this movie is released on DVD - then I will make that leap...     END
0385484518|2.0|After reading this book I was left depressed and unbelieving in Mitch's true dedication.  Having seen my young mother's untimely death when, at the end, she insisted only her immediate family be with her.  I cannot understand Morrie wanting the whole world to watch his body's sad decay when he could have been remembered by his lively eyes, dancing and profound wisdom.  Yes, this is life but we all witness it in our own families and don't need reminders of &quot;big globs of phlegm&quot; coughed into a kleenex.  Has Mitch now changed his life and given his efforts to community service and helping humanity?  Am sure because this book was so highly rated, he will join the ranks of self healing books and another will be forthcoming.
B000005HNQ|4.0|After Mandylon, the dutch band The Gathering still improves their special sound. This CD has a lot more melody as compared to Mandylon but still captures the unique sound. On the foreground of every song is the great voice of Anneke. On the background is the drowning sound of guitars, keyboards and drums, making the singing more beautiful. This music definetely is depends on your mood, it is kind of emotional.
0451450523|5.0|Peter S. Beagle writes with such clarity and eloquence, that one sometimes doesn't recognize how truly brilliant his work is.  He makes it all look too darned easy.  As an author, editor, and fantasy reader for over 25 years, this book still stands out as being one of the best I've ever had the pleasure to read.  For those of you who have only seen the movie version, do yourself a favor.  Pick up this book now.
B000000P17|1.0|The Spagetti Incedent was Guns N Roses last ablum.  They really fell from glory.  First of all the album is 100% remakes.  In the past GNR has done great remakes like &quot;Knockin on Heavens Door&quot; and &quot;Live and Let Die&quot;.  These were lousy remakes.  They even did a remake of a remake.  This was the first CD without Izzy.  He did a lot of the writing.  Maybe he was the talent of the group.  Hopefully GNR will make a new CD to make up for this.<br />Nate Dusek
B000002UD7|5.0|This album contains some of the best songs from the pet shop boys' glory years.  In addition to &quot;It's a sin&quot; and &quot;What have I done to deserve this&quot; which almost everyone will remember, this CD contains some of the most powerful music to come out of england in a long time
B000003TB6|5.0|These brotha's here are truely amazing. Me and the roots go way back since 1993 when they came with ORGANIX(the first), then DO YOU WANT MORE, followed by PHILLIDELPH-LIFE. Every last one of these albums are the coldest things I have heard in this buisness yet. As a musician myself, I can do nothing but give it up to my idols of the buisness. They are true with the live music and thought provoking lyrics. I think this is the best its going to get?
B000006OAM|4.0|As a Non-Merchant fan, I must state for the record that this is a very refreshing album.  <br />Ophelia is easy to listen to and relaxing.  Natalie Merchant has a remarkable voice and this album showcases it.
0670880728|4.0|She seems to have encapsuled womens(certainly mine) inner thoughts and concerns.  She let me know that I was not alone in them.  And I felt better.
0898159156|5.0|As a grower and seller of carnivorous plants I always try to refer customers to a good book on the subject to delve deeper into the subject.  When Peter D'Amato published The Savage Garden I found I had a resource beyond my highest expectations to lead them to.  This book is detailed, concise, easy to read, has lots of beautiful photographs, and is designed to let the  average person be successful growing carnivorous plants.  I can't recommend it enough.
0425107469|2.0|I didn't like this book.  I read it about a year ago.  It was the second of three Koontz books that I've read.  The plot was nearly identical to the other two Koontz books (Dark Rivers of the Heart- loved, Twilight Eyes- hated) which annoyed me:  Guy has strange event happen to him, Girl has strange event happens to her, Guy meets girl and they fall in love, then they end up running away from and eventually confronting something related to one or both of the strange events in their past, resulting in a bitter sweat, happy ending.   <br /> One of the biggest problems with this book was the monster. Sure, Koontz indulges in the gory details and makes the creature sound horrible, but the suspense isn't there.  Why must it be that Koontz's monsters virtually have no motive and are just killing because they want humanity to suffer?  Every 50 pages or so, someone gets killed, but there is never really an effective scene of the hunter stalking its prey.  The Characters that do ge! ! t killed, we don't really care about.  He invents characters only to kill them off a few pages later.  Meanwhile, for the majority of the book, we know that our heros are safely out of danger with hundreds of miles between them and the monster.  There is no sense that anyone at anytime could be killed.   <br /> The stupidity of the main characters also disgusted me.  Without giving away too much, I'll just say that a situation involving daytime and another involving running from the NSA have something to do with it.   <br /> Finally, a word about the dog.  The dog is lovable, too lovable, sickeningly lovable in fact (and I'm a dog lover, believe it or not).  It wouldn't be as bad if our heros weren't constantly saying how amazing and fantastic Einstein was and how they wanted to keep him all to themselves. Ug, annoying.
0679722610|4.0|It's hard to overemphasize just how important this book is to modern literature.  In one fell swoop, Dashiell Hammett forever upset the world of &quot;nice&quot; genteel adventure and mystery stories, flooding the world in a clipped, tight-lipped, ugly torrent of blood and violence -- and I ain't compaining!  Just about all modern novels and films of savagery and violence can be traced back to this crazy-kilter detective story in the sin-burg of Poisonville.  I give it four stars instead of the full five only because the narrative, composed of linked but separately published units, doesn't cohere in the same astonishing way that Hammett's follow-ups, &quot;The Maltese Falcon&quot; and &quot;The Glass Key&quot; do.  Still a kinetic fix for those interested in the seamier side of classic American literature.  Practically adapted lock stock n' barrell by Akira Kurosawa for his Samurai movie &quot;Yojimbo&quot; (which later became &quot;Fistful of Dollars&quot; and &quot;La! st Man Standing&quot; -- the latter coming the closest to Hammett's original setting, making this sequence a huge circle back to the origin of species).
B000002U8I|5.0|This is really the best CD, Tina Turner ever made. Very different styles, from rock to pop etc.
0792836014|4.0|Elvis is great, no doubt about that. The performances here are excellent. But why does this dvd play in mono? The shows were recorded in stereo and the title has been out in stereo on video cassette before. And it says stereo on the cover.<br />A good show, but a disappointment soundwise. Hopefully it will be rereleased.     END
6303430570|5.0|Clerks is so funny ,What are you waiting for? buy that movie!     END
B000006OAM|5.0|I bought this on impulse, knowing nothing about Merchant, because I thought it sounded interesting (I am a Kate Bush and Suzanne Vega fan).  On first hearing, I liked it, but on repeated playing I quickly learned to love this varied and exquisite disc.  My favorites are &quot;King of May,&quot; &quot;Ophelia,&quot; &quot;Kind and Generous,&quot; and, of course, the amazing &quot;Golden Bells&quot;.<br />One criticism:  this could be enjoyed even more fully if the lyrics were included with the CD.  The album depends even more on the power of words than on melody; listeners should be able to grasp every nuance.
0688052304|4.0|RP has done a very good job. He is the types who think a lot, just because they can. He has gone into the depths of some issues and torn them apart until he figured out the cause. Your experiences might have lead you to think about those issues. In that case, you will not be completely impressed but will still feel good. But, if you have not spent too much time contemplating, this book will be an eye-opener. It carries you into the heart of the matter. <br />He is very sharp and intelligent. He is a pleasure to read. His eye for detail is refreshing. At times, while reading the book, I felt he was sharing my experiences. He is good. No doubts here.
0684833395|5.0|In this war only the crazy are sane- and the only way to stay sane is to be absolutely crazy.  It takes a stroke of genius (or total insanity) to attack war with humor. Indeed in the hands of a less than gifted writer the results would not be pleasant. However Joseph Heller pulls it off; Catch-22 is both one of the funniest books in the world and one of the greatest testaments to the horrors of war ever written.
0380002930|5.0|I have read this book 6 times.  Never get tired of it. . .You will find yourself wanting to be one of the rabbits. . .trusting the main characters and sobbing by the end.
0312117337|5.0|As a reader and collector of decks, this one is my current favorite.  It is without doubt different -- the Major Arcana is increased by several cards and many are renamed, and the four traditional suits are replaced by Fire, Water, Clouds and Rainbows.  The art of this deck is beautiful and very easy to interpret, and it promotes a divinative story that is smooth, flowing and peacefully helpful.
0425107469|5.0|This is one of the three or four best modern horror novels. The genre, &quot;genetic engineering gone bad&quot; is always lots of fun, and Koontz treats it as only a master can. The evil creature even has some wonderful, redeeming features, that are completely unexpected. The intelligent dog reminds one of his early novel &quot;Haunted Earth.&quot; I envy those of you who have not yet read this!
0062502174|5.0|As an MBA student at the University of Chicago, The Alchemist is required reading.  It facilitated an unexpected and wonderful discovery of my life's ambitions!  It takes tremendouse courage to accept a journey of unpredictable rewards.  Reading this, I found that I had to face my ambitions instead of living in fear of them.  I encourage everyone to read and grow from this fable.
B000002IOW|5.0|If you think there's nothing more to Rush than those early 80's workhorse songs you've heard a zillion times on classic rock radio, buy this album. <br />Presto shows a side of the band you never would have expected. Spacious, heartfelt, harmonic, and sublimely beautiful, Presto is grown-up Rush. Forget that tired seventies sound that you think is them. Ignore all the radio stations that never play anything besides &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot;. Right here is a more wonderful band.
B000005S37|5.0|Reed's use of feedback was absolutely unheard of at the time of this recording, and is felt by most music critics to be a simple way out of his mandatory number of albums.  The constant resonance and downward tones inflict damage upon ones nerves, and Reed still claims to this day that it was a honest and serious attempt at making music.  Being under emotional distress at the time of the recording of this experimental album, the music heard in this album speaks from Reed's twisted heart and soul, and broke through in plain english the torture of a mind.  Metal Machine Music is simply the most amazing thing that I have ever had the joy to hear.  Bravo, Lou Reed, bravo.
B000002IWQ|4.0|You have to ask yourself why, in 1998, there are so many dedicated fans of a supposedly over-the-hill rock band. Are these people just obsessed, or is there really something to love here?<br />The former is somewhat true, but I think it's the latter that's the answer. Counterparts is a fine example of how a band that's been given the dubious label of &quot;classic&quot; can still kick ass in the 90's. Counterparts expertly assimilates a bit of alternative rock rawness (but wouldn't quite be mistaken for it) and explores lyrical territory that is more personal and uncomfortable than where Rush has been in the past. The result demonstrates Rush's usual level of excellence and shows that they can be as cool as much younger bands.<br />The production is maybe a little too smooth, but this is a fine album to pick up if you're interested in recent Rush.
B0000046NB|5.0|Sarah in top form as a jazz singer, with first-rate musicians, including the incomparable Clifford Brown.  &quot;April in Paris&quot; is breathtaking.
0375701427|5.0|joeb, you got it right, but the Levov's America didn't only destroy them - it both made them and destroyed them.  The dinner party at the end of the book reminded me of a dinner party in a Woody Allen movie (was it &quot;Husbands and Wives&quot;?) where everything falls apart and no one is capable of changing anything.  This book is a masterpiece of the drama that can (and does) occur in ordinary lives, which I guess makes them not very ordinary at all.  Full marks, three cheers, bravissimo, mazel tov!
0060977493|4.0|From the first page, this book had an undercurrent of music: rhythm, phrasing and structure that created a song in my brain every time I read.<br />Like lyrics to a favorite song, the phrases Ms. Roy repeats in the novel became short-hand, conjuring up emotional impact with just a few words.  You've been let in on the story; you know the genesis of the phrase, so when it appears later, it brings it's full weight to bear:         bottled fear,  a cold moth,  the time was ten to two.  <br />  Ms. Roy has said that she has no plans for a follow-up to this book; that after writing it she was drained, finished.  It may be so:  this book has enough unforgettable images to last a lifetime. <br />I know many people have been put off by Ms. Roy's writing style, becoming frustrated at her technique.  <br />   But if you're listening to the notes, you're not hearing the music.
B000002BFZ|5.0|No Code is not an album of rock-anthems, but of beautifully written, complimentary and yet diverse songs. &quot;In my tree&quot; is perhaps their coolest song ever, the song precariously ascends both musically and lyrically. It's fascinating even sfter you've heard the album a million times. I honestly prefer it to any of Pearl Jam's other work.
068484267X|4.0|angela's ashes is a brilliant book in that it does not over dramatise a life that was horrid in just the telling of it.  i read a comment that it didn't have a plot.  this is life, if you want a plot, watch Melrose !!  I truly hope Mr McCourt writes another so we all know what happened to the family and the people that made up his childhood.    The catholic church should be ashamed !
B000002J03|5.0|This Fantastic album spawned some great hits such as &quot;Living Loving Maid&quot;, &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;, and &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot;. I can never get tired of this one.
B000002NIW|5.0|The Def Tones fist album Adrenline rocked Seattle and once agin Around the fur confirms that the new wave of rock is here, in bands like the Def Tones, Korn, Limp Bizkit, and Tool.  So get ready everyone its going to be a great ride, sit down, shut up, and hold on!
B000002KHB|5.0|In my opinion, few classic rock albums can compare with this 71' classic. It is essential for any purple fan or for any rock fan. Its just one of those albums on which  you can listen to every track without switching.
B000004712|1.0|Why was this CD released? None of the songs work well when translated to Hancock's Jazz style.
0679416781|4.0|I saw the movie first and fell in love with the story. All too often film adaptations are a betrayal of an author's splendid story-telling. Anthony Minghella is a rare talent in the film industry who does not allow his ego to get in the way of Michael Ondaatje's good story. Anyone who saw the movie will love the book for its added insight and detail. Anyone who read the book will love the movie for its splendid visual adaptation. The reader and the viewer enjoy the best of both worlds.<br />My only criticism of the book is that the poet occasionally got in the way of the novelist. Several times, I found myself having to reread dialogue to figure out who was saying what to whom.
0553266306|1.0|A few boring, shallow, stereotyped characters move through endless variations on a chase scenario. Everyone in the book either works toward his goal, or thinks about how best to accomplish it. Meanwhile they show absolutely no emotion. They might as well be robots. (Both main characters are described serveral times as &quot;meticulous&quot;) And get this-- it's five hundred pages.<br /> Go ahead and tell me it's escapist fun and that anything as highbrow as character psychology doesn't matter, but if you think anything this repetetive and endless is &quot;fun&quot; or &quot;thrilling,&quot; you're probably just fooling yourself based on all the hype.
B000002B2T|5.0|This is an album that can stand by itself.  It shouldn't have been a side project as much as it could have been the beginning of a great new band to lead the masses into a new genre.
B00000260F|1.0|jeff's absolute worst, bar none. even the awful live with jan hammer set has a tune or two worth hearing, but this has nothing. ok, here and there you have a ten-second guitar solo worth listening to, but there isn't one whole song that's any good, and most have an irritating disco-style production. beck even sings on one, and  his voice may accurately be described as an english accent, period. stay away from this and get blow by blow or guitar shop instead.
0062513346|2.0|After being so well-fed by Coehlo's THE ALCHEMIST, I hungrily read THE VALKYRIES. I'm not only still hungry, I'm confused.  Is this book just bad, or am I somehow not &quot;getting it?&quot;
067158037X|5.0|I read Angela's Ashes last summer.  It was the best book I read in '97, and quite possibly the best book I've ever read.  McCourt's style is mesmerizing.
0790734850|3.0|L.A. Confidential is probably the best reviewed film of 1997.  But I urge your readers to watch Chinatown starring Jack Nicholson.  L.A. Confidential is a well-crafted film with wonderful actors, particularly Kim Basinger.  But in the modern film noir genre, Chinatown is still the way to go.     END
B0000026KQ|4.0|van halen and satriani probably play more notes in one song than beck puts in a whole album, but this is a guitarist's outing anyway and one of beck's better ones. after years of listening to this, i still play it, and think &quot;stand on it&quot; one of the best guitar romps ever done, and &quot;where were you, &quot; with its shimmering notes and other-wordly whammy bar effects, one of the best guitar ballads. beck is of course a surviving guitar god from the sixties, one of those skinny-armed brit tea bags with tinnitus, but unlike fellow titans clapton and page, who have nodded, he just gets better and better. now if only he wouldn't take ten years between albums...
0060168366|2.0|As a history book, Johnson's text has one thing going for it from the start:  it is quite thick.  Not being personally intimidated by thick books, I dove into this one with anticipation.  He starts out well enough, with a wonderful survey of pre-colonial and colonial life in the New World.  His is one of the few history books I have read that attempt to explain the mindset of the colonists, and why they felt so strongly about forming a nation of their own.  Johnson is not afraid of offering his opinions about the venerated Founding Fathers, and quite a few are found wanting.  Not surprisingly (given Johnson's political views) he gives short shrift to Jefferson, and high marks for Hamilton.  What struck me as bizarre is that while Johnson obviously appears to be a proponent of small government, he idolizes a man who embodied the vision of an all-powerful Federal state.  <br />Rather like sampling from a buffet table, Johnson's history jumps from subject to subject, with lit! tle or no segue.  He may discuss trade relations with Europe in one section, and then launch into a survey of the American art scene in the next.  As the text continues, his opinions become more personal and more critical, often resorting to criticizing someone's personal appearance in the absence of more tangible faults.<br />By the time the narrative reaches the 20th century, all pretense of historical objectivity is lost.  Instead we are subjected to a line-by-line excoriation of &quot;liberal&quot; thought and progressive action.  He manages to gloss over quite easily the abuses of the late 19th and early 20th century industrialists, and instead aims his barbs at those who attempted to expose wrongdoing and exploitation.  He criticizes the &quot;liberal&quot; establishment for their adoration of JFK, but then heaps unconditional praise upon Nixon and Reagan.  I could forgive him his point of view if it were not for the constant glossing over of entire aspects of both administ! rations.  <br />What makes an effective history book interesti! ng is the way that events are linked together.  The good historian will spend his time showing how this happens, and he may try to offer some lessons for tomorrow.  In this, Johnson's text is deficient.  Instead, he uses his book as a pulpit for political assassination.  It is not that he is wrong for stating his opinions so vociferously, it is just that a history book is not the best place in which to do so.
0131103628|5.0|This is a great book.  It's even better when used with the companion The C Answer Book by Clovis L. Tondo and Scott E. Gimpel
B000002572|5.0|I ear this music on a LP maybe in 1978, I remenber my reaction, What is that? At this time in 1998 I feel the same feeling when ear this CD, The magical Tom Scholz in combination whit the Boston team made a endless pleasure to the Rock&amp;Roll lovers
B000002NJS|1.0|&quot;Forzen&quot; is pure excellence.  I really looked forward to the rest of the CD upon purchasing it.  It turned to be 12 other tracks of Madonna hopelessly trying to ape Bjork.  Pathetic.  Orbit has talents, but nothing could lend credibility to the sorrowful attempt for Madonna to become a rave hippie.
0684874350|5.0|Worthy of the Pulitzer, Frank McCourt's account of growing up poor in Ireland was a good read.  I wish my sons would read this book to realize how easy a life they have in America.
B000002NFM|1.0|Prodigy just seems to get worse and worse.  People don't realize this group got started doing gimmicky techno (sounding like 2 Unlimited).  Now all the bozo critics treat them like some kind of hard-core techno pioneers.  This is just stupid glam rock fused with hip-hop and disguised as techno.  Total junk music.
B0000025BA|5.0|There is good reason why Tapestry continues to be one of the most popular albums ever released.  Each of the songs is heartfelt with an emotional impact that transcends generations.  Classics such as &quot;It's Too Late&quot; and &quot;You've Got a Friend&quot; find a place in your heart even after hearing them countless times.  This is definitely one of my top ten picks of all time, quite a statement from this Beatles fan.
B000002LND|2.0|It's better to have the originals.  The versions here are remastered and rehashed and are missing a subtle raw element found on the originals.  These are remixes that try to sound like the originals but are actually too different.  And the packaging sucks.  A precursor of things to come for Madonna.
0670880728|4.0|So, we women have a sexual sell by date?  I don't think so and niether does Briget Jones!  I read this first as a column and waited and waited for it to be published in novel form. Single life is merely different from married life, not worse than is a message woemn need to hear, repeatedly.  Bridget's holding pout for someone worth marrying is a wonderful stance that flies in the face of all teh statistical studies.  Will Bridget finally land her Mr Darcy?  Who knows? As long as we all can watch her  in the attepmting, we can be happy for her.<br />Also, if you liked Bridget Jones, you should try Animal Husbandry Laura Zigman.
B000002ARV|4.0|Johnny's comeback from heroin rehab album of 1973, it has some great tracks, including the Rick Derringer track Johnny took the title from.  A treat for any lover of blues and rock.
B000002MY3|5.0|Alanis, like Jewel, sings about common problems that people have to face at some point in their life.  In 'You Ought to Know', she's asking &quot;How come I have to pay and suffer for all of your broken promises?&quot;  This is the CD that I listen to the most because it made me realize that she's singing about her problems and that even if you're famous you still go through the same things that other people do.  I reccomend this CD to anybody who has gone through a heartbreak recently.
B000002H97|4.0|Let me tell you this, you know that you have an album worth listening to when every where you look it's being played.<br /> The lyerics are exceptionly well written and the instruments don't drownd them out. <br />This is an album for any fan of Metallica.
B000002552|5.0|There are no words to describe the unbridled joy inherent in listening to this album.  It is the spirit of great music, finally embodied after centuries of wasted effort.  There is little pretension, only plain, simple good-timin' melodies that are guaranteed to grow on you as you listen.  Try, just try, I dare you, to put on 'Apple Sucklin' Tree' after a few listens without kicking your feet up in the air.  Every song places the listener right under that ol' apple sucklin' tree with Bob and the boys and you are the beneficiary of a legacy.   If you claim to be a rock fan, do not miss this roots-inspired masterpiece.
B000002HHB|5.0|Natalie beautifully mixes flowing melodies and songbird vocal passages with a nuance of background new age mellow subtleties.  Very enjoyable.
0440211727|5.0|Grisham's first book surely shows the foundation for his literary work later.  I am 15 and have read many many novels but this inspiring work stands out.  It allowed me to think about how we in our society deal with racism, murder, and the response to a loved one being &quot;shattered&quot;.  Grisham does it for the first time as he later does again by giving us some of the greatest situations that keep us thinking, and he also gives us(or at least me) a novel with a suspense/law plot that keeps the pages turning at rapid rates.
B000002MY3|5.0|Alanis Morissette has the most wonderful voice! I highly reccomend this CD. I especially like &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; and &quot;Head Over Feet.&quot;
067101756X|5.0|READ THE BOOK.  IF YOU CHOSE TO THINK PHIL CORSO ADLIBBED A BIT, YOU CAN. WHO CARES? ASSESSING THIS KIND OF INFORMATION IS A CRAP SHOOT, IF THE DETAILS ARE HARD TO SWALLOW, SHELVE THEM, GET THE BIG PICTURE.<br />   BIG PICTURE:<br />GIVEN: SOMETHING HAPPENED AT ROSWELL, TOO MANY LEAKS. TO MUCH DISINFORMATION. <br />GIVEN: CORSO WAS ON THE INSIDE.  CORSO NAMED REAL NAMES.  <br />GIVEN: CORSO HAS COLLABORATORY SUPPORT IF YOU WISH TO LOOK FOR IT.  THERE ARE MANY WHO HAVE REAL INFORMATION AND HAVE REAL THREATS.  <br />GIVEN: PHIL MYSTERIOUSLY HAD A MASSIVE HEART ATTACK THE DAY, TODAY, BEFORE HE WAS TO GO ON NATIONWIDE RADIO AND SPILL THE BEANS AGAIN. <br />WHY?<br />GOODBYE PHIL, GOD BLESS YOU, YOU CARRIED OUT YOUR MISSION.<br />TO THE REST, BE CAREFUL.<br />TO THE WORLD, READ THE BOOK
0449002632|2.0|While the stories are interesting and the book seems to be well researched, it becomes boring  soon. The writing style is rather bland if not wooden. With more skilled and creative writing, this would have been a great book.
0385474547|5.0|This book recounts the stupid error Europe made in destroying the culture of Africa.  It is an excellent, sad, and moving tale of the destruction of African culture by European missionaries.  The book is written from the African perspective and the hero often receives treatment similar to that of the hero of Richard Wright's Blackboy.  A fine study of the culture and a good depiction of the destruction thereof.
B000002UDV|5.0|What more can be said about this album?  It is a gorgeous masterpiece and one of my all-time favorite albums.  &quot;You Still Believe In Me&quot; still sends chills down my spine with its cascading melody and rich harmonies.  The only criticism I can muster is that I have always felt that the Beach Boys' version of the traditional song &quot;Sloop John B&quot; is out of place on the album.  (It was not even slated to be on the album until the last minute.)  It is a step down from the introspective songs before and after it.  But this is splitting hairs.  They just don't make records like this anymore.
0140186409|5.0|Steinbeck's Grapes of Wrath is one of the few books whose &quot;classic&quot; status I agree with.  His descriptive writing is beautiful but not for everyone.  For example, one chapter is dedicated exclusively to the description of a turtle crossing a road.  Reading on, one discovers that this was in fact an allegory to the life of the Joad family.  The book is filled with allegory and allusion.  Despite its use of figurative devices, I don't think this book has to be studied in order to be enjoyed.  For a long trip or a secluded vacation, this book is excellent.
0696204800|5.0|The quilt designs shown in this book range from the very traditional squares to the whimsical.  These squares would make lovely pillow tops when used by themselves in additional to making unique quilts.  Another use of the design (which is my personal preference) is for stained glass panels.  Everyone should be able to find a design to fit their needs in this book.
B000002UAU|5.0|As is often commented on,Sgt Pepper represents a manifestation of western popular musical evolution in wholly indistinct terms.The adoption of the opposing spheres of holistic awareness to demonstrate the Western person's perceptual deficit of the world around him/her is cleverer than may at first be apparent.<br />The average person is,as a young person,swamped by their own surplus energy,which tends to cause subjective interpretation of the world around us.Sgt Pepper is one of the few masterpieces to become more impressive the more that you listen to it.<br />By utilising the 'mind's' opposing areas of awareness through the use of oppositional stereo spectrum,the listener is almost programmed into remembering subliminal mystical references that can be drawn on as we experience life on a day to day basis.<br />The Beatles pulled off a cultural coup with this work,yet somehow the fact that secrecy and the adoption of well meaning surreptitiousness has passed by mainstream consci! ousness.<br />Apart from the use of deeply 'buried' sound effects and whispers,they also included a veritable cookbook of mystical Eastern perceptual/philosophical references.<br />An inspired work of art that amazingly continues to contribute to the 'fixing of the hole' of the soul of the West.
B0000084J7|5.0|Mark Hollis takes you to a musical landscape that you always knew existed but had never heard. A blend of beautiful harmonies, chaos and silence glued together with Mark Hollis' distinctive, soulful voice. A refereshing change from the banality of tired pop/rock reminding you that there are still many ideas out there waiting to be discovered. Uncompromising, uncommercial and intelligent - Syed Al-Karimi
0553573403|5.0|As a fantasy reader of somewhat high standards, I have always had a proclivity for &quot;epic&quot; fantasy.  Nothing else really satisfies my desire for an absorbing story.  George R.R. Martin has, with this book, taken the field dominated by such giants as Jordan, Williams, and Kay and blown a great big gust of fresh air into it.  Not only does this book have the complicated plot and intricate character development that is common to these three talented authors, but it has a certain brutal realism to it.  Granted, we're talking about an invented realm, but never before in all the books that I have read has any author taken his portrayal of all the brutality of human nature to this level.  Part of what makes Jordan, Williams, and Kay so brilliant is that they write *human* characters, and good and bad are rarely well delineated.  What sets Martin apart is his sheer, brutal, mind-numbing honesty.  He doesn't pull any punches, and neither do any of his characters.  This ! is life, in all its pain and glory.  Honor is not as important as we would like it to be, and things do not all go well as long as we wish for it hard enough.  Here, there is no destructive force stronger than the power of men.  There is no evil greather than that in the hearts of men.  And there is no power, once man has decided to destroy, that can stop him.  This novel is a masterpiece; beautifully crafted, shockingly realistic, and a joy to read.  However, don't expect to come out of reading this with your ideals intact.
B000002A3T|5.0|Many may disagree with me, yet I consider The Division Bell my favorite CD.  The lyrics and instrumentals are awesome.  My friends and I absolutely love every song on this album. This is a great CD to sit back and relax to.  I highly recommend this album.
B000005J56|5.0|the conditions were ideal for the first exposure to this smooth music.  a weekend in a small beach town with perfect &quot;hazy, lazy days of summer&quot; weather.  This album was listened to four plus times, each listening becoming more and more pleasureable.  the culmination was cooking tuna steaks on the grill , sipping dark rum and mellowing to this sweet music.  as we sit here listening to it for a fifth time we can only conclude that life is beautiful and with this album it has become a quiet victory.
B000002UEB|5.0|This is the best album I have ever heard from anyone in my lifetime.  Perfect vocals and music and a nicely done story.  A truly amazing group of musicians who can write mesmerizing songs without showing off.  Every song on this album is a masterpiece.  The lyrics and music are shockingly brilliant, and the Wilton/DeGarmo guitar duo is the best around.  Tate is the best singer and Rockenfield is in the same league of drummers as Neal Peart of Rush.  You'd be missing out on somethiing special without this album.
B000007SIN|5.0|It's tough for me to rank Steely Dan records, since their is not a single Steely Dan song I don't like (well maybe I don't like Green Earrings that much!)<br />However, if you look at the songs on this beauty  (Babylon Sisters, Gaucho, Time Out of Mind, Glamor Profession....)  overall it comes our ahead of even Aja (well, in my opinion anyway)
067960085X|5.0|I read this book for the first time in June of 1998.  Having been born and raised in California after 1960 I had no experience with WW II era New York City, its time, people or it's language.  Holly Golightly and her friends were foreign to me, but their charm, wit and personalities were so rich I felt like I knew them.<br />The story is not a happy, silly romp, it shares the pain and heartache as well as the joys of a tiny sliver of humanity, a snap shot of people who could be our brothers or sisters or upstairs neighbors.<br />The story is amazing in its development over the course of only 87 pages but by the end I really wished to discover where Holly is today and invite her over for drinks. :)
B000005J56|5.0|This is the perfect summer CD!!  Makes me want to pack a bag and head south.  This wonderful music creates a perfect atmosphere for relaxing and enjoying life!
0345350499|5.0|I first read this novel in high school.  Now, 10 years later, I've probably read it 20 times!  Ms. Bradley succeeds in taking a familiar legend and making it altogether new.  The story of King Arthur from the viewpoint of a woman?  In a time in history when women were no more than pawns in the games of the men in their family??  Outstanding!!  I strongly recommend this book for teen girls AND boys, along with Ms. Bradley's novel of the fall of Troy, The Firebrand.
0451451120|4.0|Pratchett is probably the best living English author; Colour of Magic is a wonderful start to his incredibly prolific creation of the Discworld.  If you read this and it doesn't make you laugh, see a doctor - you're probably already dead.<br />Colour of Magic can be read on many levels; it opens the shots in Pratchett's assault on some of the puns inherent in the English language, and takes full advantage of the cliches of fantasy.  It doesn't have a message to ram down your throat, but it does have content and intent.<br />A superb book... but the series gets better!
B00000I01A|5.0|If you want inspiration watch the movie once a month and listen to the CD everyday! Then, go out and realise your dreams.
0553266306|5.0|I know this fiction in the movie &quot;The day of jackal&quot; .After than I love 'Frederick Forsyth' and  jackal.
B000002KDO|3.0|Well, I can give this album credit for the first and last tracks, plus the interesting instrumentals, but I cant reach too far beyond that. This one certainly does not reflect the essence of Black Sabbath.
B000002C4J|5.0|I thought it was a great CD. I wasn't disappointed. I especially loved &quot;Treat Her Like a Lady&quot;, and &quot;My Heart Goes On&quot; Overall, a great, excellent album
B000001FS6|5.0|Great music. Then again, what do you expexct from U2. Very &quot;quality&quot; songs that you don't forget. It's the type of album you can always listen to no matter what new stuff is out there distracting you, I always find myself back to classic U2, you just can't beat it!
B000002N25|5.0|I've been listening to Dire Straits for years and was thrilled to find out that Mark decided to go solo and explore more styles of music than rock &amp; roll.  This album beautifully blends many musical styles, all with that wonderful Knofpler guitar work.  Although I haven't gotten tired of listening to this album for the past few years, I can't wait for the next!
0060168366|5.0|The organization of the book is sound, the prose excellent.  In short, one of the most readable American histories available.  Highly recommended for those who want a good overview of U.S. history.<br />While Mr. Johnson's views may be controversial to some, it is a good balance to other interpretations of our history.  In short, even if one believes in America as an oppressor, they must read this book to get another perspective.  (By that token, reading A People's History of the United States, is a good balance to this book.)<br />While there are some errors, many can be clarified by reading the footnotes, which are very extensive.  In some cases, the editing needed to be better.  (After reading the New York Times Book Review's article on proofreading, this problem is not unique to this book.  One of my favorite editing mistakes was a highly acclaimed book on Medieval history that said Marco Polo was Florentine!  The next printing corrected that error.)  In that light, the n! ext edition of A History of the American People, with updates and corrections, will serve future generations well.  To ensure the best product possible, I hope those who believe they have noted errors will take Mr. Johnson up on his offer, cited in page xv of the preface, to write him with their comments.  He stated \\"Such a fact-filled and lengthy volume as this is bound to contain errors.  If readers spot any, I would be grateful if they would write to me at my private address...&quot;  The published results of this feedback, if any, could also be an interesting book.
B000005RRF|5.0|I was first introduced to Marillion years ago with this album.  I was hooked at the first listen.  The lyrics are inspired, inspiring, and sometimes inspired lunacy.  Marillionites around the world seem to agree, despite their personal preferences, that Misplaced Childhood was their best, Fish-ful or Fish-less.  This album has messages and commentaries on today's society but at the same time entertains to the hilt.  Beware first-time listeners....it is highly addictive.  <br />I dont really have a top-10 list of favourites, but I can say unequivocably that Misplaced Childhood is my favourite album of all time.  10 years after being given a second-hand home-recorded tape, I still can't get enough.<br />&quot;How can we justify?  They call us civilised.&quot;
0606040439|5.0|This is the only book that I've read many times, and keep coming back for more...  Every time I read it I see something new in it and myself...  Simply spectacular...
B000002OG8|5.0|Argus is the best effort put out by Wishbone Ash.  Throw Down the Sword, Warrior, and The King Will  Come rank as some of my all time favorites. If you  missed this album 25 years ago, give it a chance  today.
B000001E8P|5.0|Pulp's Different Class is sheer ear candy.
B000000WJ4|5.0|If you like blues,boogie-woogie,and rock-n-roll buy this CD. I've had it for 5 years and still listen to it all the time in my car. This is Johnny at his best. It has a nice mix of different types of music,all played to perfection by the master. Edgar joins in on &quot;Please Come Home for Christmas&quot;. Not a bad song on this one.
B000002H8F|4.0|This album is the one that made me discover &quot;The Pixies&quot;. I can remember very well the time when I selected it with a friend at a local cd shop and how we both flashed on the violence of a song like &quot;Rock Music&quot; or at the catchy side of the incredible &quot;Velouria&quot;. And by the way, I heard that &quot;Doolitle&quot; is probably the best cd of this band. &quot;Trompe le monde&quot; is also one of the lamest that ever came of this band. Don't even ask yourself why it is their last official album. I'd also recommend the 1998 compilation &quot;Death to the Pixies&quot; to ever pop-punker in the world.
B000002H8F|5.0|Sometime in 1990, while driving at 2 a.m. on Rte. 138 in Rhode Island, this album kicked into my brain (I believe it was &quot;All Over the World&quot; that did it) and really hasn't left.  This is not just the Pixies finest, but one of the Great Records.  I have it in three formats and am looking for more.
B000002LCK|5.0|New Order's sound was a map to today's electronic music.  This Substance collection presents excellent examples of New Order's electronic sound, beginning from the band's punk Joy Division days and ending with the synth-pop gems of &quot;True Faith&quot; and &quot;Bizarre Love Triangle.&quot;  Unlike the 'Best Of' collection, this collection features the original full-length 12&quot; versions that were played extensively in discos from 1983 to about 1990 (you can still hear some of these today).  You can almost smell the hot black vinyl and silver Technics 1200 turntables.  Both CDs are excellent, the second being a little more &quot;dubby.&quot;
0061002860|5.0|This is truely one of the best Agatha Christie books ever! an INCERDIBLE ending! Read it!
0393312836|5.0|A Clockwork Orange is without a doubt the most vicious book I have ever read.  The brutality practiced by all the characters is ungodly.  The book itself is written in a strange form of schoolboy speak that makes the plot difficult at first.  Eventually (as with Shakespeare), the language helps to draw the reader further into the minds and activities of the characters.  As for the writing, it is wonderfully imaginative and certainly very different.  This book is not for the faint of heart but should be read by anyone with the slightest interest in the animal nature of man.
0802130208|5.0|Funny stuff fellow readers.  When imagining a real life version of old Ignatius the only fair comparison was the comic book salesman on the Simpsons, and I quote,&quot;Who are you the creator of High n' Lois cause you're making me laugh.&quot;  A truly original story and a continuous laugh.  In closing I will add my gratuitous &quot;must read&quot;, and remember kids, RIF-reading is fun.
B0000057C5|5.0|I bought this CD just after hearing Du Hast, but I confess, there are many better tracks on the album. Sehnsucht rocks with a great heavy beat, while Klavier sounds almost classical, with a great melody both in voice and guitar. The touch of electronica is just enough to accent the music, but not annoy the listener. Buy this album.
B000006NPY|5.0|At first when listening to this album, I wasn't quite sure what to think: It seemed so different from previous albums. To tell the truth, this hard-core Smashing Pumpkins fan didn't even know if they liked the majority of it. I dug deeper into the music and found that this album is one of the Smashing Pumpkins' most beautiful to date. The songs are not just lyrically, but musically strong as well. Sure, it's not the rat-in-the-cage blast from Mellon Collie, but it delivers the same components of a really great album: lyrics, music, and emotions. From &quot;Tear&quot; to &quot;Pug&quot; you see (as Billy Corgan states) the 360 degrees of love; universal emotions shared by everyone at one point or another in their life. If you like the Smashing Pumpkins, or you're just looking for a really good album, buy &quot;Adore&quot;. Then, take the time to feel it's beauty.
0385493622|5.0|This book takes the reader through the history of the PEOPLE involved in advanced mathmatics as those mathmatics relate to Fermat's last theorem. A monitary prize stood for tens of years, waiting for the proof that would solve the enigma. Mathmeticians devoted their professional lives to the proof without success. The man who solved the problem first encountered the problem when he was a child, and was devoted ever since. The math is made accessible, and the appendix offers an in depth understanding of the principles discussed to those who can understand them. An altogether enjoyable book that lets you revel in the story and expand your understanding of the interrelated nature of our universe with minimal effort.
0679735909|5.0|My first introduction to Ms. Byatt was her analysis of Iris Murdoch's work, and this novel was recommended to me by my thesis advisor.  It exceeded all my expectations!  It can be read so many ways: for pleasure, for &quot;deep meaning,&quot; for academia. . . .  A beautiful, truthful (those out there who have studied literature will know what I mean!) work--especially when one considers how much Ms. Byatt had to create to accomplish this (all the works of Ash, LeMotte, and Ms. Ash--amazing!)  Intricate and wonderful, a great reward awaits those who stick it out to the end.
B0000021RD|5.0|I got this album on my 10th birthday and promptly wore it out.  Whatever you think of the MOR machine that Chicago became after Terry Kath died and Peter Cetera took over, and the lack of originality they displayed in naming the vast majority of their albums with simple volume numbers, none of this is evident here.  I eventually bought this album again on CD, and it sounds as great as ever.  Incredibly accomplished guitar-playing, powerhouse drumming, and terrific orchestral arrangements (showing both their jazz and classical influences) are all displayed here on this, their best album.
0440224764|4.0|I really think this is one of his best works.  I was reading it whenever I could.  But the ending was so dissapointing that i have to give a 4.  Definite read still.
B000005ITX|5.0|I played this album so much that I finally had to buy it on CD.  This is one of the best albums to come out of the sixties, and one of the best albums ever.  The music is quirky and indescribable, but beautiful.  I've never been on LSD, but I imagine this is the musical equivalent of a particularly good trip.  The string arrangements are exquisite and never get in the way of the rest of the instruments.  Songs such as &quot;You Set The Scene&quot; frequently take completely unpredictable turns, making the music all the more intriguing on each listen.  The lyrics are pretty obscure and indecipherable, but never self-consciously forced, as some of the Beatles' music of the time was starting to be (&quot;I Am The Walrus,&quot; for instance).  Songs like &quot;Maybe The People Would Be The Times Or Between Clark And Hilldale&quot; (now how's that for a song title?) have very cleverly constructed lyrics.  In that song, you will notice that the last, rhyming word of every ver! se is unexpectedly left off.  But then the next verse STARTS with the correct, omitted word from the last verse.  Cool, man!  I wish I could write stuff like this, but besides not having the sufficient musical talent, I assume I'd have to drop acid several times a day to get the proper inspiration...
B000002H6C|5.0|It may sound crazy considering the hardness and the speed of the music on this album.  I love this album, don't misunderstand, but for ten years I have used it when I can not sleep.  There is something about the rhythm and speed that is very soothing.  It has almost the opposite effect of what I would expect.  If you have trouble sleeping why not give it a try!
B000002GFT|3.0|After Fairport's first two albums, with their terrific blends of quality originals and traditional songs, this album feels like a letdown.  I am surprised that it was voted &quot;Best British Folk album of all time&quot; by one magazine's readers.  Yes, it is still somewhat enjoyable, and Sandy Denny's voice was as great as ever, but this is the beginning of a long slide for the band.  They started delving more heavily into the Olde English traditional folk music, and come off the worse for wear, in my opinion.  I actually prefer their original music, which was top-notch, and the Dylan covers.  A disappointment, but I still hang on to my CD and put it on every once in a while for a change of pace.
B000002GQK|5.0|Their best album.  While in company of others, non Moody blues fans, I usually skip the very unusual start of the album but I enjoy it very much while being on my own. The rest of the album is really their best. I totally agree with Bill Wilmethfrom from Utah. I own all the Moody Blues albums and I hear them again and again. I really think this is a masterpiece, and for sure my favorite. An unforgettable acquisition.
B000002AS3|2.0|On the basis of critical raves for this album, I bought it to see what all the fuss was about for Oasis.  I came away surprised that this album garnered such rave reviews.  This is basically 60's plagiarism combined with a snotty Johnny Rotten attitude, complete with sneering, nasally whining by the lead singer.  This gets pretty old fast.  Yes, I know Oasis has exploded in popularity since this first album.  Yes, I know the critics seem to love them.  Sorry, not very impressed.  Oh, and by the way, the band members are shamefully cocky, insufferable JERKS!
0062511408|5.0|El Alquimista is a great story. A great book to read if you are having any doubts about what to do with your future. ME encant! Te deja un mensaje muy copado. Vale la pena.
B0000004V2|5.0|Man, the first time I listened to this album, I was blown away and I immediately wanted more.  From the wet guitar shimmers of &quot;I Wanna Be Adored&quot; to the gorgeous &quot;Waterfall&quot; to the authoritative three-note riff of &quot;This is the One&quot; to the incredible instrumental build-up of &quot;I am the Resurrection,&quot; this album is one of the best releases by any rock band ever.  It is just really too bad that they never lived up to the promise of this first release.  The Stone Roses wilted much too soon.
067942850X|5.0|For a change, a book of great merit has made the best seller list and has stayed there for a while. I read this book in virtually one sitting--it is that compelling and well-written, and also that compact.  This is a book for anyone who appreciates the two-edged quality of nature--its appeal to the discontents of civilization like Thoreau and &quot;the red tooth and claw&quot; aspects it presents to writers like Jack London, both of whom appealed to the book's protagonist, Chris McCandless, a.k.a. &quot;Alexander Supertramp.&quot;  The author's citations from them and other authors at the head of each chapter are well selected, and warrant re-reading after finishing each chapter and the book itself.  Clearly, Jon Krakauer became amazing absorbed in this story, and did some marvelous detective work in reconstructing what happened to Chris and what led to his demise, going all the way back to childhood and proceeding through the cause of his untimely death.  When I read t! he initial chapters about how Chris's body was found by hunters in a relatively isolated spot in Alaska, what struck me was the tragedy and meaninglessness of his death, and the loneliness of his last days.  (These feelings were only compounded for me as the author demonstrated how close Chris was to several well-provisioned cabins in the wilderness and to a cable car which could have carried him across an otherwise unfordable river which blocked his egress to civilization.)  But this book in some ways offers redemption for Chris and for those who remain behind, insofar as it gives meaning to both his life and death.  His largely estranged family was obviously very cooperative with the author, and on first reflection, I was almost amazed at how cooperative they must have been, since the picture of their relationship with Chris--especially that of his parents--is not terribly positive.  But on balance, they too must have recognized that Krakauer's portrait of Chris would help g! ive some transcendentmeaning to both his life and death.
B000000643|5.0|Another great album by Fairport, and one of the best folk-rock albums ever.  I am not as fond of this one as their first album, my only complaints being that there are only eight songs and &quot;Percy's Song&quot; goes on repetitively for much too long.  But these are minor quibbles.  &quot;Who Knows Where The Time Goes&quot; is worth the price of admission alone.
0783225903|5.0|This film is simply amazing. It has dialogue that will have you laughing out loud, amazing characters, beautiful and frightening cinematography, rogue repairmen, and a plot that will keep you wondering until the end of the movie... and probably for a long time after it ends. If you are a fan of either Monty Python, or sci-fi, this film is a must in your collection.     END
B000002USP|5.0|this is another great pet shop boys cd brings you up and really keeps you going the love songs are super
B000002AHC|5.0|Even with all of the personnel changes, the Byrds managed to keep making brilliant albums.  This is no exception, and is considered by some to be their crowning achievement.  While I won't go that far (only because I love too many other Byrds recordings to make such a singular decision), I agree that this is definitely one of the many pinnacles of their career.  There is not a clinker in the bunch, and &quot;Goin' Back&quot;  should have been a radio hit.
B00000253N|5.0|I really enjoyed Blood on the Tracks and I think that anybody interested in this kind of music would love this album.  The songs carry me away to a different place
B000003493|4.0|It is really a shame that the original &quot;Nuggets&quot; double-LP (remember LPs?) has been butchered to this extent.  The original album had selections that were hand-picked by Lenny Kaye, with wonderful cover art and great liner notes written by him.  It also had a cooler title: &quot;Nuggets: Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era 1965 - 1968.&quot;  (That's right -- &quot;artyfacts.&quot;)  The selections were impeccable.  Some of these are preserved on this album, notably &quot;Dirty Water,&quot; &quot;Lies,&quot; &quot;Psychotic Reaction,&quot; &quot;Open My Eyes,&quot; and &quot;Pushin' Too Hard.&quot;  But missing are &quot;Hey Joe&quot; by the Leaves (the BEST version of Hey Joe), &quot;It's-A-Happening&quot; by the Magic Mushrooms (a definite period piece -- hilarious), and many other selections.  These have been replaced by more familiar (and more pedestrian) selections such as &quot;Laugh Laugh&quot; by the Beau Brummels and &quot;Wild Thing&quo! t; by the Troggs.  Sure, &quot;Wild Thing&quot; is a great song, but it's not exactly a rare &quot;nugget,&quot; now, is it?  You and I have heard it a bazillion times, and it is not a very imaginative selection for an album that claims to (and originally DID) delve into the more obscure -- and tastier -- selections from that era.  Rhino did a semi-admirable job of extended Nuggets out to a series of something like 15 or 20 volumes, and at least I give them credit for trying to expand upon a worthwhile category.  But I wish they would have left the original album intact, and expanded to more volumes from there.  This is a fine compilation, all in all, but not nearly as fine as the original, which was a 5-star classic.
B000002C1Z|5.0|If you like music that will haunt you for the rest of your life, get Animals, and listen to it alone or with a friend, all the way through. Any less is an injustice to the music, and to yourself. As with any classic, once you experience it you'll see the world in a new light.<br />When I finally go over the edge, I'll be singing Animals, and I'm sure they'll lock me away for good.
0446605409|2.0|This book was a disapointment. I just read &quot;Mayday&quot; which was exciting and terrifying. But this? I liked the jargong of the antihero. But why has always, always, the girl/woman who are sexually free - have to die? And why does the hero always have to end up with the &quot;good cop&quot;. This book is filled with good dialouge and good craftmanship. But the sexual frustration and predictable social storyline let the whole concept down to only two stars.
B000006NPY|5.0|Quite diffrent from the long epics of Mellon Collie,are the raging guitars of Siamese Dream that we all fell in love with,but still another 5 star alternitive classic.The best songs are Ava Adore,Perfect,Daphine Desends,and Apples+Oranjes. Well in all,I love this album,the Pumpkins rule,  and that's that.
0671867369|5.0|Ambrose is the ultimate storyteller. He follows E Company from airborne training under a petty, incompetant commanding officer through the misery, mud, snow, and blood in the European Theater of Operations, to post-war careers of some of the main participants (survivors). It is captivating from the first page. I also read Citizen Soldier and this book ranks well with that one.
0670880728|1.0|Awful, awful awful. The main character is impossibly silly, vain and vacuous. How can anyone possibly relate to/admire this character?  The plot (what little there was) was incredibly predictable. The love interest is called Mr Darcy for crying out loud! The first half dozen diary entry headings (weight loss, No. of cigarettes etc)were mildly amusing. It really started to grate by the 300th one. The diary entries themselves simply became mind-numbing. I think I smirked twice through the whole book but found my intelligence insulted on every page. What is really sad is that this book portrays &quot;modern woman&quot; (whatever that may be) as a self-centred, self-pitying air-head. OK there may be some out there but reading about their pathetic antics is simply not funny. <br />Please do not think this is the female version of Nick hornby's excellent High Fidelity - its not. Its exceedingly unfunny and verges on the offensive.   If you want an example of how the diary format!  can be used to genuine comic effect then read Sue Townsend's &quot;Diary of Adrian Mole&quot; series.<br />One last thing - if you think I don't understand because it's a &quot;woman thing&quot; then I can assure you that my assessment is supported by many female friends that I have discussed this book with.
068484267X|5.0|This was the most enriching book I have read in a long time. It was honest and gripping.  Mr. McCourt pulled no punches in telling the full  complete truth about &quot;his Irish Catholic&quot;  upbringing.  That he obviously came out of the  experience with such great strength of character is to his great credit.  This is one book, which if reading were to be compulsory, should be at the top of everyone's list.  It should help everyone to appreciate the many things they have when they read of those who had so very little.
B000002NJS|4.0|As a DJ, I find that this new single is a great opener for all techno and dance sets.  This is a new style for Madonna and is very appealing to the 21 to 30 year old female demographic.
B0000033OZ|5.0|An unbelievable CD with no duds on it like later ELP releases.  TAKE A PEBBLE is an interesting tour thru the inner mind while KNIFE-EDGE is typically end-of-the-world doom.  The triple-threat CLOTHO et.al. is never heard anywhere but here and it's multi-layered to say the least.  This is the best ELP on 1 CD and can be listened to as a whole. . .simply mind-bending and no wonder everything after this was a slight letdown.
0670880728|2.0|Must join those who give this book a barely passable review.  The author is obviously capable of producing better.  Bridget is a brainless, self-absorbed twit, of the type that give all women a bad review.  I gave it two stars only because the characterizations were decent; otherwise the book is a waste of time and money.
B00000295A|5.0|this is it, this is the album of my life....I've actually bought this CD in 94, but still not yet tired of it.  Gotta love it!
0425163407|2.0|I have read almost all of the Dr. Kay Scarpetta tales, but this is one that left me more disappointed than satisfied.  This story left more cliff-hangers than a Melrose Place episode!  It seems as if I have been &quot;enticed&quot; into buying the newest addition to the Dr. Kay library just to find out what happened in all of these unfinshed plot lines, but I will wait for the paperback.  I enjoyed and miss the thrills of previous books such as From Potter's Field and Cruel &amp; Unusual.
B000002H70|4.0|After the increasingly poppy and accessible Head on the Door and Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me albums, Disintegration was a return to the sort of music found on Cure albums of the earlier eighties.  Initially compared to the despair of Faith, it is in fact far more varied in tone and range than that record.  A fairer comparison is with Pornography, which it resembles in atmosphere and theme.<br />At the same time, while Disintegration ultimately falls short of Pornography in the sheer raw power of the earlier album, it is far more listenable, and would be recommended for anyone new to the band's work, or moving on from the nineties fripperies masquerading as Cure albums.  One caveat: if you just know the Cure from &quot;Mixed Up&quot;: don't even bother.
B0000028SU|4.0|Lucky Town is the better one of the two CD's published simultaneously by 'the Boss' in 1992 (the other was Human Touch). Overall a straightforward and pleasant CD. However, the songs 'Better Days' and 'Lucky Town' are among the best Springsteen has written: Music with beat and drive, perfect songs to roll down your windows and hit the highway.
0385484518|3.0|Similiar to all of the self-help books (or any 12 step program!), the impact and benefit of this book relies on the reader's mind-set, not the author's. I approached Tuesdays with Morrie in a welcoming tone and was not disappointed.  This book is not meant to engender great feelings for Morrie but instead lead the reader through his or her own mentors.  I did not grieve for Morrie but I did find a safe environment to say goodbye to my own family and friends who have departed and to reminesce about my most influential &quot;teachers&quot; - some of whom were academics, collegues, friends, and mere acquaintences.  This is a 5 star if you're receptive; a no-star if you're not.
B000000W9Z|5.0|OUTSIDE, next to EARTHLING and BUDDHA OF SUBURBIA, is my fave Bowie album. from the ultimately tragic &quot;A Small Plot of Land&quot; to the kinetic &quot;Hallo Spaceboy&quot; to the techno of &quot;I'm Deranged&quot;, OUTSIDE is a true musical journey. this and EARTHLING are Bowie's industrial albums. the version of &quot;Strangers When We Meet&quot; is much better here than on BUDDHA OF SUBURBIA. the story that goes along with it is a surreal slice of grotesque fun. buy this album and enjoy it!
0205191584|4.0|I gave this book 4 stars only because it doesn't include practice exercises, to reinforce what I learned. Grammar and writing style are discussed with wit and brevity.<br />I'd love to hear what the original author would say about current pop jargon: &quot;even as we speak&quot;, &quot;like&quot;, &quot;first off&quot; and so on.
0679720200|5.0|The &quot;Stranger&quot; by Albert Camus is the greatest work of its' time, which rivals the works of nearly all 20th century writers (of whom I have read, of course, which is admittedly not much after only 2 years of high school). It is great in terms of, both its' ideology and writting mechanics. I bought my copy of the novel in the school book store several months ago, after a recomandation by a good friend. Soon after I took a trip to Los Angeles. While on my trip I read the novel and had a revelation. I realized then, how disconnected I was from those around me. I could draw far too many comparasions between my relationships and those of the personea. Furthermore, the novel(along with the philosophical essays of Sartre and Marcel) helped develop my intrest in existentialism and romanticism. Truly, a must read.
B000002C2E|3.0|While Dylan is without doubt one of the outstanding songwriters of our times, this CD is overall disappointing: You expect a lot, and what you find is that it's hard to stay attentive all the way. Overall, little is really captivating here: Too many slow songs that tend to sound repetitive, and that goes for the lyrics, too. Only one or two songs really get you.
0553573403|5.0|I'd stopped reading fantasy, for the most part.  Having made a concerted effort in past years to find as much good reading in the the genre as possible, I eventually exhausted what I consider the cannon of the fantasy medium, and was becoming largely disgruntled with the dearth of good writing in the field.  The framework for fantasy--the essential ground level--has been laid, but few people in the past few years have really taken advantage of the medium, especially in the mature reader format.  George R.R. Martin is one of the few exceptions.  His prose is captivating, and his plots fresh.  His characters and content launch essentially from the fairy-tale roots of Tolkien, etc., but he clearly writes for a more sophisticated and adult audience.  He is at times macabre, sometimes sentimental, but he has an incredible gift for characterization surpassed only by his riveting storytelling ability.  I am absolutely, completely raving about the book, buying extra copies to l! oan to my friends.  If you love fantasy, read this book.  If you only read one book a year, make this one it. Sincerely, Kas DeCarvalho (Providence, RI)
B000002UCQ|5.0|I have owned the vinyls, cassettes and recently the CDs. These are precious albums, since they show the great &quot;coming out&quot; of George Harrison. To be sure, he wrote great tunes like &quot;Taxman&quot; (Revolver)and &quot;Within You Without You&quot; (one of my favorites), but they were once in a while. Now, they were in great numbers, and all great. &quot;I Dig Love,&quot; &quot;Isn't It A Pity,&quot; &quot;Apple Scruffs,&quot; just to mention a few, surpass anything before them. Also note the broad spectrum of these musical classics. An album set to be had by anyone who is not only a Beatles lover, but a music lover...never mind Phil Spector.
0060187557|2.0|I was struck by this younger officer who was the ONLY physicist in the U.S. to know that the sinking wasn't an accident.  Didn't other physicists learn the same things in Nuclear Fission 101?  In today's world, Good Morning America and Today would have trotted out their own pet nuclear experts the very next morning and theories would have been bouncing off TV satellites.  Give me a break!! An admiral that shakes his fist in the air and exclaims &quot;What a man!&quot; (about the pres)  The admiral was so juvenile that I began fearing for our national safety.  The admiral's chief thrill in life was driving at 100+ MPH down the B/W Parkway.  Anyone who drives the Parkway would be more than happy to see him busted---the Parkway is not a place for excessive speeds especially from such a low-level mind.  The ending was even worse.  Sorry I listened to the tape.  Luckily I borrowed from the library and didn't buy.
B000002MZ6|5.0|Distant Earth is my first Oldfield experience.  I just love it.  It's the kind of cd you can play over and over and still discover new and mysterious visions.  I enjoy it most in a dark room with the headphones on.
0393038912|5.0|A great and facinating book that goes a fair way to answering the key question in history, how certain populations became so dominant. Of course the &quot;nature vs. nurture&quot; argument has to appear in some reviews. I feel Diamond does a good job of controlling for the influence of biology in examples such as the Austronesian expansion in the Pacific. Given the virtually identical genetic stock and the clear correlation between geography and society in the Pacific it is hard to see how people can go on churning out the old arguments on genetic superiority. Even though there may be certain traits in human behavior favored by specific environments, the benefits of combining all human ideas and inventions surely outweighs any advantage of favoring one group.
B000002H4Q|5.0|This is the best album that The Cure put out, and most listened to CD that I own. Casual Cure fans would probably enjoy Wish more, but Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me defines what the band is capable of and what distinguishes the cure from other bands.
0670880728|4.0|God, I didn't want to like this book.  I wanted even less to relate to the character:  she's vapid and self-absorbed.  But I saw in Bridget myself and so many of my girlfriends -- thirtysomething career women who would like nothing more than to be poised and living meaningful lives, but whose heads are crammed with nonsensical and often pathetic anxieties.  If it weren't so funny, the book would be a really depressing commentary on our pretty shallow lives. But at least it made me realize I'm not alone!
B0000026J6|5.0|This CD just blew me away, and I wasn't even a Cohen fan!<br />Objectively speaking, you won't be dissapointed, unless of course you're an idiot.
B000007ODL|5.0|&quot;The Very Best of&quot; is a very good compilation showing some of Cale's best tunes. All my favourites are on it. This just brings out the good side in Cale.
B000000OSG|4.0|Use Your Illusion 2 is part 2 of Use Your Illusion 1.  It is not as good, but is still very well done.  The remake of&quot;Knockin On Heavens Door&quot; is better than the original.   &quot;Get in The Ring&quot; is a very funny song, but very explicet, but good. The punky &quot;Shotgun Blues&quot; is  a fun song.   &quot;Breakdown&quot; is a very good song with some western noir.   &quot;Pretty Tied Up&quot; is one of the most interesting songs on the album.  It is very different.  &quot;Locamotive&quot; is a great and very interesting song.   &quot;You  Could Be Mine&quot; is a fast paced song and one of the best.   This album has some weak songs too. There is a version of &quot;Don't Cry&quot; with different lyrics,.  it is not very good.  Some more popular songs like &quot;Estranged&quot;, &quot;Civil War&quot;, and &quot;So Fine&quot; did'nt do it for me either.  But this is still a very great album from an amazing rock/metal group.  This is an essential Guns N Rose! s album, with Axel Rose's great writing and Vocal skills, Slash's amazing Guitar skills, Duff does great with backup vocals and bass, Izzy does great on the guitar and writing, Matt does good on the drums also.  This band had a world of talent.  It's a shame that they have had so many problems. But the album is great and I highly recomend it.
B000002HRE|4.0|After a disappointing side #2 of &quot;Load&quot;, the greatest Metal act in history restores some of  it's former complexity and crunch. Songs like &quot;Fuel&quot; and &quot;The Memory Remains&quot; are faster and heavier than any 'Tallica song since &quot;Dyer's Eve&quot;. Like &quot;2x4&quot; from &quot;Load&quot;, some of the best works from this collection like &quot;Prince Charming&quot; and &quot;Attitude&quot; will see limited radio airplay, so get your copy today.
0060392584|1.0|Well he is right about one thing, people are still hating him for the wrong reasons. Most of the people who reviewed this book, dislike him because he misrepresented Satanism, or because his real life isn't as demented as his image, or he isn't as talented a writer/philosopher as he was made up to be. WOW! What about the fact that he is making $millions$ for acting stupidly insane on stage and sucking younger and younger children into his insubordinate lifestyle and/or world view? God is an idiot, authorities and law enforcment are just there to stop you from having a good time. Because God and the police know how to have a good time but, they just don't want you to have one. Right? <br />WAKE UP!
B000001E8S|5.0|I am an avid Lanois / Eno / U2 fan, but don't let that throw you; Passengers has some songs that get  into your heart and make you feel them.  Bono's usual whispering seduction makes the tunes ooze with imagery.  Buy it!
B000002WYT|5.0|This was my first DMB cd.  I was hooked after the first listening.  A definate for new DMB fans.
6302914191|5.0|Its great to watch well worth the money,the performances are all superbe     END
B000002LQR|5.0|Blood Sugar Sex Magic is one of the best alternative/funk albums ever made. The band plays perfectly in sync, and the lyrics are deeply written. The combination of Anthony's heritage and Fleas ability to bring a funk bass makes the music on this album fun and original. A must own for any new music fan.
B000002UB3|4.0|Abbey Road, like all Beatles albums, has great songs on it. It also has some songs that I don't care for, in fact the only Beatles songs I don't like are some of Lennon's songs on the album. Paul and George shine bright on this one. If you haven't herad it, you must, any Beatles album is required listening material.
0440111498|5.0|I got into Kurt Vonnegut only about a month back at the insistence of a friend, and  I've already taken that friend out to lunch twice to show my appreciation!!!!!! This and &quot;Slaughterhouse Five&quot; are two of the best  books that I've read in a long long time. Vonnegut's fertile imagination and his totally original way of presenting his stories, along with meaningful and witty and thought provoking content really elevates him to a pedestal few authors have had the honor of climbing.  I loved the idea of Bokononism, and strangely, found myself agreeing with most of 'the fomas' that Bokonon sang! One realizes how narrow and petty the human race has become, with all its greed and 'granfalloonism', and if freedom from that necessitates listening to a pack of lies, so be it!! Good work, Mr. Vonnegut. I recommend this book to anyone, whether you just want a hearty laugh or whether you want to partake a spiritual journey. Read it ASAP!!
0449002632|3.0|This book was everything I expected: glimpses into different epochs; interesting scraps of information; a plot spanning millenia.  What kept this book from being a GREAT read was that there was no unexpected thrill, no frisson.  Too bad, because the reader invests plenty of time in the book.  However, it's great to read before your next trip to London.  Just bear in mind that the names aren't all THAT important and keep on reading.  Also, a word to the publisher -- make it easier to find the geneaological chart -- print it on the inside paper cover of the book.  I was always flipping through the maps to look up out who begat whom.
0060920084|3.0|Bryson, an expatriot from London, comes to America for a swing through 38 states.  He whines, through sarcastic humor, about what a terrible place most of america is, with its strip malls or dead country towns.  Then he hits historical places, and he whines that it is too expensive to visit the place, so he doesn't; never mind that it is expensive to run these places.  He whines about how terrible the food is and how we americans don't like to walk.  The billing of the book is an expat who views america after having been gone for many years.  I would have rather he just stayed away and not written the book!!!  If you want to read a good travel book, see Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Hunter S. Thompson or On the Road, Jack Kerouac.
0670880728|5.0|When I first heard of this book, I cringed thinking it would be another &quot;secrets of the pathetic woman&quot; novel. You know what? I was right. However, what makes Helen's book different is you know she is telling the truth. She may not be &quot;Bridget,&quot; but she knows her. The same as I know her, and I suspect many single women know her. I loved the &quot;battle of the vices&quot; (ie, smokes, drinks, diets, thinks negative thoughts, *69's, did I say drinks?) What I loved even more was the denial. Sure, not every single woman can 100% ID with poor Bridgett, but every woman would be lieing if they didn't see something familiar.
0451169514|5.0|&quot;It&quot; is one of my all time favorite SK books.I read it when I was 17 and haven't forgotten it since-and that was 11 years ago!!The movie PALES in comparison to the book.And the most frightening part of &quot;It&quot; is that it can see into your mind,know what scares you the most,and-POOF!-it becomes your worst nightmare.Well,if &quot;It&quot; could read MY mind,it would take the form of a horror novelist named Stephen King.
0964385619|5.0|The authors Robert Kiyosaki and Sharon Lechter wrote this book in such a way that everyone that reads it will understand what they need to do to achieve financial independence. Anyone who reads this fine story can then immediately start taking steps to begin acquiring assets that produce cash. This is information that is not taught in school. The best financial book I have ever read! A must read!
B000005S37|5.0|Listening to this album is like watching clouds, you get something different out of it every day and every time. Sure, it's not music but that doesn't mean it isn't worth owning and treasuring as a thing of joy forever.
0440131480|5.0|My first Vonnecut novel, it is the best of all those I've read.  The book intertwines the lives of a car salesman and a failing author. Vonnecut attempts to write the book from the point of view of someone who knew absolutely nothing about the way Earth works, and the end results are fascinating.
B000002UAR|5.0|Well, if you have not bought and listened to this record yet, then where the $%#$&amp; have you been?!  What more can be said about this album than has already been written in volume upon volume of books and magazines?  It's the Beatles.  It's perfect.  It's timeless.  Period.
B000001OAA|5.0|The other reviews say exactly what I would, so I won't waste your time typing them out.  This is a perfect album.  I knew they had potential when I heared &quot;Stupid Girl&quot; on Rick D's.  That one song seems to have become an anthem for the, well, stupid girls around the town.  That isn't the only hit, either.  There isn't a song I don't like on the CD. &quot;Version 2.0&quot; is good, too, but this is the best album I've ever heared.
B000001FY9|5.0|Yep, this one's a keeper.  Every song is a gem.
B000006045|5.0|I have no clue, but the trio that single-handedly constructed what would be known as &quot;trip-hop&quot; have crafted their best yet with this c.d. Liz Frazer (Cocteau Twins) is a lovely accomplice.
B000002U9Y|5.0|Although this is starkly different from the previous floyd album, Pipers, it keeps a similar psychadelic aura that few albums can achieve.  Let There Be More Light is hypnotic and mesmorizing, and Corporal Clegg is a musical breakthrough, in my opinion.  Some parts of the album lag a bit, but the rest of the songs do more than make up for this.
B000002AZ8|3.0|The opening few tracks rock, seriously; Spin the black circle is frenetic, and Not for you rages. Betterman, Immortality and Nothingman are really beautiful pieces of songwriting. What really irks you as you listen to this cd are the non-song tracks: Bugs, Pry to and Stupid Mop - they are just plain irritating and not in the least bit interesting after you've heard them once. I seriously pity anyone who buys this on tape because they won't be able tojust skip these tracks like you can on cd.
0380973634|5.0|This is one of the most unusually written books I've read.  While the only other Gaiman-touched thing I've read was Good Omens (that book IS God), I know he does a lot of comic books.  This was apparently the first real book he wrote.<br />It strikes me as being written much like a comic book, with a great deal of space between the words.  What I mean is, in a comic book the &quot;script&quot; is written around the pictures.  The words in the comic tell only part of the story.  Neverwhere is written the same way.  But that's okay, because though the pictures aren't drawn for you, he still left enough room for you to see them in your head.<br />The only other thing I have to say about this book is, READ IT JUST TO MEET DE CARABAS!  This character is terrific!  I only wish Gaiman had written more about him.  Oh, Mr. Gaiman, if ever you read this, PLEE-HEE-HEEZE write another story about him!
B000002C4J|4.0|The variety is nice however, that the duets with Barbara Streisand and Pavarotti were very weak. These did not live up to the Celine's ability to sing and express herself in song.
B000002U8G|5.0|Pink Floyd's album &quot;Meddle&quot; could be the most under-rated album done by the band.  Any person who enjoyed &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; and -Shine On, You Crazy Diamond- from the &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; album will find much to like on &quot;Meddle&quot;.  The sheer intensity of of the first song, -One of These Days- is brilliantly offset by the second song, -A Pillow of Winds-, one of Pink Floyd's most moving ballads.  But the stand-out piece on this album is -Echoes-, a 20+ minute underwater fantasy!  One minute you can hear musical waves lapping at your feet, the next you are beneath the sea with a pod of whales.  It is incredible!  -Echoes- is the obvious precursor to Pink Floyd's other great musical instrumentals, and &quot;Meddle&quot; is a must-have for anyone who has enjoyed the bits of Pink Floyd music heard on the radio.
B000006OAM|5.0|I've been a huge fan of Natalie Merchant since I saw her open for Sting in Europe in the Spring 1996.  Not only was her voice beautiful, but I'd never seen anyone so full of JOY on a stage.  She sang and danced with reckless abandon, and pulled us into her mesmerizing music. Right away I bought Tigerlily and all 10,000 Maniacs cds.  For two years I'd waited for her latest, and was definitely not disappointed. The range of emotions she conveys in Ophelia is amazingly beautiful. I've seen her perform most of these songs in a benefit concert, and she sang with as much feeling as she did on the album.  As for Ms. Merchant, keep up the good work.  It is inspiring.
B000000OU0|5.0|This is my second Hell Freezes Over by The Eagles CD, I wore out the first one.  No Eagles fan should be without this CD.  Matter of fact, this CD made me an Eagles fan.  I do not have a favorite from this CD, I love each and every song on the CD.  If you like any of the Eagles songs you will love this CD.
B000005JXG|5.0|Shane MacGowan at his lyrical and belligerant best. The Pogues never sounded better and sadly, they never will.  The album is filled with the usual John Powers driven fury and contains Shane's best work as a balladeer as well. Not owning this album is the equivalent of not possessing a soul.
0446605409|2.0|Following the fantastic The Generals Daughter and The Charm School this book is a big bust.  The main detective is annoying with his wise guy attitude and the finale is totally unbelievable.  A good one to skip.
006016848X|2.0|<br />Some readers claim that John Gray has helped save their marriage.  Others argue that his views are shallow, sexist and condescending to women. <br /> One certainty is that there is no way that John Gray's book(s) can be fully appreciated without reading Susan Hamson's informative (and at times scathing) counterpoint. <br /> This can be achieved by visiting her website, creatively titled &quot;The Rebuttal from Uranus&quot; &lt; or by reading her views along side Gray's in &quot;Taking Sides: Clashing Views on Controversial Issues in Human Sexuality,&quot; edited by Robert T. Francoeur and William J. Taverner. <br /> Bill Taverner<br /> Taking Sides: Clashing Views on Controversial Issues in Human Sexuality
0670880728|5.0|For the 30-something set, this book will hit home in many, many amusing ways.  I felt like I knew Bridget, and particularly her family and friends.  The Smug Marrieds brought bursts of laughter.  I was reading this on an airplane, and people were staring.<br />I can't recommend this book enough... it's a light, fun read.  Perfect for the beach.
0671004611|5.0|The reaction to the book by those &quot;reviewing&quot; it, especially the extreme emotionalisms used by many of those who denied its claims, was more revealing of the popular mind than the contents of the book itself.    To outright call ANYTHING &quot;BS&quot; only invites comparison of those who do so to the &quot;scientific&quot; minds who once proclaimed, vis-a-vis meteorites, that Rocks Do Not Fall From The Sky.    A true scientific skeptic is as equally suspicious of denials as he/she is of claims.    We do not know - as a matter of public record - what (and WHO) are involved in such matters (call them ALFs, EBEs, ETs, or whatever, as well as those private and government sector humans) because all though it is known as a fact official data DOES exist those records are sealed and/or line-censored under National Security headings. Which in and of itself invites grave questions.    To &quot;err&quot; on the side of caution has always been the prudent way of things i! n this world. The late Col. Corso, whose credentials are established, warned that a) we are not alone in the universe, and that b) the &quot;others&quot; out there are not necessarily our friends and benefactors. There is nothing unwise, nor unscientific in such suspicians.
B000002NHN|5.0|Every song a keeper.  Easily her best album.
067101756X|5.0|Put this along side Missler's Alien Encounters, which claims that all alien sightings are in fact the demonic spirits of the fallen angels wiped out in Noah's flood after they had populated the earth thru inbreeding with human females (Genesis 6), and you've probably about got it all figured out.
0131103628|5.0|&quot;Always go to the source&quot;, they say, and this  book comes right from the source: the C Programming Language was invented by co-author Dennis Ritchie, and Kernighan was there at Bell Labs with him helping to create UNIX the way we know it today.<br />The book transformed me from a C know-nothing to a C guru while I was taking freshman Computer Science courses at Rutgers University,  and was the first step towards my becoming a Wall Street computer geek.<br />It is a super-compact and quick way to learn C.  If you need to be spoon fed, get another book.  When you're done with this book, though, you'll want to get Harbison &amp; Steele's C: A Reference Manual to look up the finer points.<br />If you want to learn UNIX, there is another book that can transform you into a UNIX guru overnight: The UNIX Programming Environment, by Kernighan and Pike.
0812550706|5.0|I first read Ender's Game on the recommendation of my brother in 1986.  I am a constant reader, but Ender remains the single best book, of any genre, I have ever read.  Don't misunderstand.  This is a very simple book to read with very simple concepts, yet a powerful theme and message.  I can recommend few books to all ages, but I have seen this one become the favorite of 8 year-olds and 80 year-olds.<br />Science fiction?  Well sort of, but that would scare some folks off.  It's the characterization in Ender's Game that gets you hooked and keeps you hooked.<br />Plot?  Leaders of Earth search for the admiral of the fleet that will fight the coming invasion.  Even at light speeds the invasion is years hence, so they have time to find a very young genius and train him with a series of games.  The kid is Ender.  He is very good at games.<br />Read this book.
0399142851|2.0|I enjoyed reading about Dr. Scarpetta and I even enjoyed the science, but the ending read as if it was a rushed, &quot;I better rap this up now&quot;, non-conforming to the rest of the story attempt.  Sort of like most of the Star Trek episodes.  I hope all Cornwell's books aren't this way.
0060168366|5.0|Paul Johnson's book is a wild ride through American history.  But after surviving the antiseptic and utterly boring manner in which history is taught today (e.g., the tendency to put everything in opaque economic terms), Johnson proves that history is also the result of highly flawed but fascinating people.  Many of his insights can be argued with, but I doubt that many readers were bored by this great book.  Yes, there were factual errors (Joe Johnstun and Albert Sidney Johnstun were not the same person--but perhaps his book will lead to a new conspiracy theory that Albert Sidney really survived his wound at Shiloh), but the brilliant insights easily overcome them.  His theories about the role of religion in our nation's history appear to be both insightful and true.  Yet, references to religion have unfortunately been surgically removed from our textbooks out of some fear that to do so will run afoul of the &quot;establishment&quot; clause.  Johnson has no fear of the!  PC police and speaks his mind courageously.  While I found myself questioning some of his views (was Coolidge really such a good president and was Watergate really just a minor event orchestrated into a scandal by the evil eastern media?), I found that I agreed with far more of his views than I questioned.  The best parts of the book were his efforts to breath life into the characters of history (I never realized that Warren Harding was so interesting).  I loved the book so much that I'm on my way to buy &quot;Intellecuals&quot;.  If he does to them what he has done for American history, it will be both irreverent and illuminating. Read this book--it will make you love history again.
0465068359|5.0|I tend to agree with others regarding the author's  stylisitc deficiencies.  However, she did an excellent job in portraying the sheer magnitude of the horrific suffering that one group of people can inflict on others.<br />I have read brief accounts over the years of the activites of the Japanese in Nanking and otehr areas of China.  This book focuses the reader on the sheer magnitude of the crimes sanctioned by the Japanese in authority.  It amazes me that the world would hunt down and deal with Hitler's butchers but did virtually nothing to Tojo's.  I am well acquainted with death and war yet I cried not only when reading this book but now as I try to record my thoughts.  NEVER has a book moved me like this one.
B000001E21|5.0|This album reflects what a Lep album could have sounded like if Mutt Lange couldn't get his hands on an extra 10 overlays in the recording studio.  The sound is raw yet crisp and the sound is unique...but it still has the unmistakable Lep sound.  This is a must have for all Lep fans...or any fan of real rock and roll.
B000002H2H|5.0|This CD changed my life. The &quot;wall of sound&quot; production was just incredible, and still sounds fine. Metallica was still maturing as a band, and they have done great work since, but the best songs on this album, &quot;Fade To Black,&quot; &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Creeping Death,&quot; are still their three best songs in my opinion, and represent their three main styles through the years: ballads, groove-based heavy rock, and thrash respectively. &quot;Fade to Black&quot; saved my life and is one of the greatest rock songs ever recorded. Metallica fans who hopped on board later on are in for a treat!
B000001E8P|5.0|Okay, if I could have only three CDs for the rest of my life, this Pulp album would make the list without hesitation.  The music is so intelligent, so complete in its mastery of melody and lyrics, that I am still amazed even after owning it for over a year.  A true chef d'oeuvre.  Not to mention Jarvis' lyrics are not only smart, but amusing as well.  He is a gem.  Pulp is amazing.  They continue to mature.  Check out their previous album &quot;His and Hers&quot; and their latest album &quot;This is Hardcore.&quot;  Neither will disappoint and the intelligence and quirkiness shine through to reveal pure magic.
0060168366|5.0|Paul Johnson has once again lucidly touched on the social, political, economic, and technological threads of a nation which has become home to people from throughout the world.  One of the major themes of the book is the constant enrichment of the American cultural matrix, with what started as English colonies with a heavy mix of religious dissenters to our goulash of nationalities, creeds, and races.<br />Be forwarned that Johnson approaches his subject from a perspective that must considered center-right.  The traditional American hagiography of Franklin Roosevelt and John F. Kennedy is missing.  Supporters of the William Jefferson Clinton will likely be concluding that Johnson is a member of their &quot;vast right-wing conspiracy&quot; by the time they reach the final chapters.<br />However, the author's emphasis on the strengths and weaknesses of America is on target.  This is a country that gets things done and still offers the remainder of the world its best, albeit imp! erfect, existing example of liberty and democracy in action
B000002U9K|5.0|The self-proclaimed &quot;posh&quot; boys made a strong synthy disco stand with this CD &quot;Please.&quot;  The songs contain a very ethereal, strange odd sort feeling, while also being extremely accessible to the average listener.  The songs themselves seem to scream a desire to escape normal life and forever join a non-stop party of sophistication, calculation and poise.  The Pet Shop Boys want to be rich and in love forever.  They also want to be tragic and aimless, and never finding love  These are 80s synthy songs of longing , chasing through discos, stealing the company's money and taking a vacation forever.  &quot;Love Comes Quickly&quot;: down beat with throbbing &quot;ah ah ah&quot; samples in background and the possibility of eventually finding love &quot;West End Girls&quot;: another great bassline preoccupied by the other side of life &quot;Opportunities&quot;: begins with a nice mellow-dramatic piano line, followed by crunchy poppy drum machine beats &quot! ;Suburbia&quot;: awkward, directionless adolescent year stuck in track housing &quot;Tonight Is Forever&quot; and &quot;I Want A Lover&quot;: chasing the night into nowhere, forget tomorrow, live for tonight, hi-nrg reagan-era disco.
0131103628|5.0|Great, truely great.  If you know basic C, and that &quot;Teach yourself C&quot; crap just isn't cutting it, buy this book.  Its on my desk 24/7 and the pages are getting small ripps from its constant use.  It would be a great buy at $60.
B000001ZCU|5.0|Looks like this CD has a lot more singles then the original vinyl LP had (maybe b-sides?).  Probably Soft Cell's biggest commercial success, Non-Stop contains all the seedyness and synthy clickity clack that made the band such a favorite with the crowd that &quot;dressed in black.&quot;  The huge hit that everyone knows is on this one (&quot;Tainted Love&quot;) and is so overplayed that most fans will skip it when listening to this.  True classic are the sad, tugging &quot;Say Hello, Wave Goodbye&quot;, the very desperate &quot;Youth&quot; and the anxious &quot;Bedsitter&quot; and &quot;Chips On My Shoulder.&quot;  Soft Cell used synths in a very funky way, different than other groups of their musical genre (Depeche Mode, Ultravox).  The Soft Cell sound contained on this CD usually is dominated by one or two very strong, simple synth lines with different types of percussion ranging from euro-disco a la 1980 to even a kind of 50s sock-hop-rock on a tape-loop.  The sound ! is dingy and lonely, but also alive with the sleaze of a blurry night, binging and bouncing from bar to bar.
0425129586|4.0|Growing up, I never read Agatha Christie because I had been led to believe that her mysteries were merely popular thrillers without much depth.  I was therefore extremely surprised to discover just how intriguing and well-constructed her writing was when I was asked to teach &quot;And Then There Were None&quot; as one of the required novels for my 7th grade classes.  I took the book home to prepare lesson plans one night and read it through from cover to cover in a single sitting!  There are so many interesting twists and details in the plot that I simply could not put the novel down.  My kids loved it, too!!!  It was difficult to get them to do anything else in class besides read, especially since they weren't allowed to bring the book home with them.  This book has been the catalyst for my new interest in mystery novels; I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a compelling adventure.  The best part of any great mystery work is when you can't guess &quot;whodunit! &quot;, and unless you glance through the end of the book, you won't see this one coming!  Hope you enjoy it as much as I did . . .
0060977493|4.0|Very cleverly written. Some profound statements and this deep undercurrent of sadness made the book quite compelling. The innocence of childhood was captured quite well. The absolute lack of second chances that is so much a fact of life in India, particularly for women in small towns and villages, was the real issue that was presented superbly in this novel.
0670880728|5.0|I took two books on vacation, thinking I probably would not have time to read them. Needless to say on the plane back I had nothing to read. I started Bridget Jone's Diary one day, and finished it that same day. I could not put it down, I was completely glued to it. I really think any woman who has a mother, has tried to lose weight, or has been on occasion infatuated with a guy will truly enjoy this book. Sure Bridget is neurotic, but we all are at some points in our lives.It was one of the best books I have read in quite a while. It was just simply awesome, and I truly enjoyed it. I have to say though, men might not be interested by it.
B000002UDV|5.0|PET SOUNDS is one of the best and most listenable albums I own.  Brian Wilson was trying to best the Beatles' RUBBER SOUL, and believe me--he blew it away.<br />I don't know how many times I've listened to this, but I'm far from tired of it.  This is one of rock's most memorable masterpieces.  Don't miss it.
0802713319|5.0|I finished it practically in one sitting because it gave me no choice: it was gripping, informative and offered the best description of how exactly the Taniyama-Shimura conjectures related to the final solution of the problem. It also gave a few simple theorems along the way, theorems whose statement and proof an intelligent layperson can digest, the point of which is to understand what a proof really means in mathematics. In short it incorporates just the right  amount of mathematics-- less of it and the book will fail to capture the real issues, more of it,  it will  needlessly excluded a huge audience that will undoubtedly enjoy reading about the solution of this outstanding problem.
B000006OAM|5.0|This is the crown Natalie Merchant's already strong catalogue of artistic achievements as both a solo artist and with 10000 Maniacs.  It hasn't been advertized as such, but this is a concept album and a very powerful, beautiful and poignant one at that.  My only complaint is tht the lyrics aren't included, and w/o them it takes longer to be really able to appreciate the layers here.
B000002C2E|5.0|I honestly thought Bob's best days were over. He seemed resigned to touring nonstop, his last few records seemed kind of dull. The last song that amazed me was 'Series Of Dreams'. I was fine with the resignation that I'd stick to collecting his old stuff. Then he springs Time Out Of Mind on us, and I'm listening to it stunned out of my mind. To put it simply, Bob is back. Time Out Of Mind is his best recording in nearly twenty five years, a triumph, which completely blows away any other recording in the past year. Nothing else even comes close.     On Time Out Of Mind, Bob's singing voice is better than ever, the backing players are excellent, and the lyrics are as good as any other classic Dylan song. In a year that involved a lot of sitting and waiting for someone new to come and rescue rock music from the stagnant post-grunge quagmire it had become, old prophet Bob came from out of the fog and saved us all, urging us to quit looking so far ahead for a new sound, inst! ead to look at where we are right now, and stay honest and true to ourselves. Self-examination can prove better than any innovative sound, and it took an elder statesman to tell us that. Long Live Bob.
0670880728|5.0|When I started this book, I almost put it down.  It seemed too much like a TV sitcom.  Then, I thought, hey, wait a minute, this is summer.  It's the season to read light books.  I'm glad I did. I'm not sure that Bridget Jones reveals the &quot;secret&quot; life of every women.   But, she does capture the thoughts that most people (everyone?) has from time to time.  This book left me laughing out loud.
B000002U6E|4.0|Good CD to get 'her' in the mood.
0446520950|2.0|For someone who brags about his research (many discrepancies noted by other reviewers) Baldacci (or his editor) needs to try harder. I was  particularly put off by the plane crash gaff, by instant on/off laptops, by a character rushing through airport security with a computer (having often been delayed proving that mine didn't contain a bomb), by the flawless operating of AOL. Most of all, thriller writers should spend time at a gun range and with other hands-on research of weapons. Baldacci might then know that semi-automatic pistols (better called &quot;auto loading&quot;) do NOT fire on full automatic when the trigger is held and that the Winchester Defender, with its plastic stock, is hardly the battering ram Sydney makes of it. The author's omniscient viewpoint was downright annoying; with phone conversations particularly it is hard to tell the characters aren't face to face. Dialog ranged from TV script trite to legalese pretentious.
1573220485|5.0|Alex Garland's  first novel, The Beach is an absolutely fanatstic book.  From start to finish I found myself unable to put the book down and actually read it in two days!  The book has been hailed as a modern day Lord of the Flies however these analogies are not evident until one is finished the book and reflects upon it.  Garland's talented yet layed back writting style allows the reader to read at a moderate pace while still being able to visualize imagery that Garland writes about.  For anyone who has been to Thailand or has thought of going The Beach will make you want to go but make you thinkn twice what Beach you aim for.
B000000WFF|5.0|The Spice Girls prove yet again that they are able to conquer the world.  There popularity amoung pre-teen girls will support them and help them succeed for years to come.  Spice World in one of the few CDs I own where I know and enjoy every track.  The Spice Girls send a prowerful message in young girls, though you must look deep to find it.  &quot;Too Much&quot;, &quot;Stop&quot;, and &quot;Spice up your Life&quot; (the three singles so far released) are spunky, upbeat, and tempt the listener to sing along.  Even if the Spice Girls' next album is a flop (this may be atributed to Gerri's (Ginger Spice) leaving) fans will be impersonating the Spice Girls in lip-synk contests for years to come.
B000002MFE|3.0|This album was O.K.  I had some problems with his other songs, in the fact that Clapton really didn't show his tallent in the way I expected.  However, I really liked Layla.  The regular version was okay, but this acoustic version ruled.  Thus, the only thing that saved this C.D. from one star was Layla.
B000000IWE|5.0|This album, as mentioned by the review previously posted, needs to be put on and worn ...The Moodies created (with self-proclaimed significant difficulty) their finest work to date, before they split up for approximately 5 years.<br />The tracks that have survived over the years as airplay favorites are nowhere near as accomplished works, as some of the others. New Horizons is probably one of Justin Hayward's finest ballads, as is the hauntingly lonely tribute, You and I.<br />Regardless of the evocative opposite styles of hard rock and clean edge ballad, this album was the finest blend of Moodies material ever assembled on one disc. <br />The absence of complex orchestration only enhanced this album, indicating the bands shift away from their early influences to a more current day rock sound. However, those early influences are still present in several Pinder, Hayward tunes, as well as Thomas's 'sea faring' For My Lady ...<br />This is the album to put on when you have nothing bet! ter to do than sit back, watch the evening dusk settle as the sun fades away in the distance, all the while, watching the painted sky ebb and flow to the sounds on this disc.<br />Of course, you will be rudely awakened by the band's anthem song at the end - &quot;We're/I'm Just a Singer/s in a Rock and Roll Band ...&quot; - well, you could leave that out of the tracks you want to hear, but most Moody Blue's fans would consider that sacreligious ...<br />Go with the GOLD !! It is an awesome sound ...
B000002IZ4|5.0|I did not like Core, because I did not like the punk/heavy metal style.  However, this album showed potential (this potential was never cashed in, because Tiny Music, their last C.D. was not very good -- and now the band's broken up).  The lyrics could use some work.  I remember some line in track 7: &quot;save the pig with a dime.&quot;  What is this?  This is crazy.  I liked Interstate Love Song.  It displayed some inventiveness.  Big Empty was an excellent song.  So, STP is O.K.; this album is good.  I don't know if it earned the five stars I gave it, but I'm in a good mood.
B000002HAJ|5.0|i believe robert smith...someone else could say or do or sing the same sweetness of your skin and i wouldn't...that's how wish is...it makes me believe and forget and draws me, rapt and childlike...   high on clouds a letter to elise moves me as a kitten to a cat and on end...yeah, im bitter as that/ every tuesday and wednesday i have a heart attack.
0517122707|5.0|I must have read this masterpiece a dozen times and still laugh out loud. If the movie chapter doesn't crack you up you definitely need therapy. You'll never look at a hotdog the same way after you read Dunces. Too bad there will never be a sequel.<br />Read this book!
B000002TQV|5.0|the first time i heard My Iron Lung i went into a trance...<br />this entire album is compelling amazing heartbreaking...
B000002ACR|5.0|This is arguably the Byrds' strongest album.  With the exception of David Crosby's somewhat embarrassing excursion into psychedelic excess, &quot;Mind Gardens,&quot; every track is a certified gem.  This is one of those albums that you'll love from the first listen.  It is timeless, and is as fresh now as it was when first released.  A masterpiece by one of the best bands ever, let alone of the sixties.
B000005S0E|5.0|piggy in the mirror muscles upward chilling and wide sad and mighty and scary...maybe the best ever...<br />dressing up    layered rising circular   is perfect
B000005RFQ|5.0|Deep Purples's Ian Gillian stepped up to the plate on this one time only Black Sabbath in your face classic. If you like jumping around and breaking things this is the album to do it to! I highly recommend this to anyone who considers themselves a true rock-n-roll fanatic.
B000002G7G|5.0|like a quiet lamp it glows... this album is important.  what goes on in candy's mind  explore this deceptive bent calm   sometimes jagged intense, dark, and bright.
B000002MNL|5.0|Morissey posses an astonishing  control of his voice &amp; great  creativity in his lirycs &amp; music.   He speaks to the heart in songs like  &quot;find out for yoursel&quot;. One of my favorites cd's, along with  Arsenal, Viva Hate and of course his  latest &quot;maladjusted&quot; Go Morrissey !
0425152251|4.0|I loved the book, but only after I'd read it twice.  The writing style seemed a bit jejune, like something was lost in the translation, or perhaps it was intentional.  &quot;Sophie&quot; herself seemed a bit one-sided--not a character one can sympathize with until towards the end of the book. Once I got into it, I began skimming the philosophy sections to learn what would happen to Sophie!  I think that overall, the transitions from philosophy lectures to plot could have been accomplished more smoothly.
0688052304|4.0|Many years ago my brother, who is an avid &quot;biker&quot; showed me an old beat up copy of this book. Since I had never seen my brother reading a book, much less have one in his possesion, I became a liitle curious, yet I finally concluded that if he was interested in this book then it must only be a collection of &quot;biker&quot; stories and a &quot;how-to&quot; fix it type of book. The whereabouts of that old copy are unknown, but the title of this strange book had stayed somewhere in the back of my mind. One day while surfing the net I type the title in my search engine and was amazed to find a small following for this book. As I read the web page I became more and more intrigued. I decided to order a copy to see what in the world it was all about. Well, after reading the book I found it was not the &quot;biker&quot; book I expected it to be, rather a strange oddesy of a man and his son  travelling across the country. I must admit that I was uterly lost at many po! ints throughout this novel, however, I don't think I will look at life the same way any more. This book has changed me and I will try to read it every year or so to see if I can make any sense of it. I would recommend this book, but be prepared to be confused.
B0000025H4|5.0|This is the album that kick started Judas Priest into heavy metal. Before this album they played Bob Dylan style ballads and old Joan Baez tunes-badly! With this album they were playing live in Japan and boy did they ever unleash. The guitar riffs had bite, Rob Halford jazzed up the lyrics, and the thing absolutely rocked. I have had friends listen to this album over and over and could not get enough of it. This album kicked of heavy metal for Judas Priest and every album after that up to Screaming for Vengeance is awesome. Sadly any album before Unleashed and after Screaming is not even worth the time. This one though is unbelievably good-buy it.
0812550757|5.0|Earth has been attacked by aliens twice and humans have almost been obliterated.  The government is training children to become commanders and officers in case we are ever attacked again.  Ender is only six when he is taken from his home to the military battle school in outer space.  Ender uses his genious to quickley rise above the other students and earn their respect.  Soon he is taken to a command school and told that he alone can save the human race if the aliens return.  This magnificent novel by Orson Scott Card will entrap you in a spiderweb of deception and deciet.  I recoment this to anyone who wants a good thrill.
B000002UJQ|5.0|ok computer   stratling majestic tender raw<br />last summer i listened to it for nights and nights by the lake watching it rained and rained and welled inside of me a wall of surging water...<br />singular glorious it made me choke
0385491026|4.0|Often overshadowed by its more famous sister, Cat's Eye is a book about coming to terms with one's past actions.  One of the things I loved about this book is that no character is cast either as 'the bad guy' or 'the good guy'.  Everyone in the book is very human -- petty, selfish, confused and blundering through life just hoping to make the best decisions possible.  The book is a complexly interwoven tapestry of time, emotion and thought.  I wouldn't reccommend it for everyone, though.  Often, this sort of book doesn't have wide appeal.  If you have enjoyed previous Atwood books, or would enjoy an intensely introspective book, this is definately a book to read.
0425163407|2.0|I thought the book was too involved in gorey details..Dr. Scarpetta has always been a character I liked, somehow in this book, I didn't.  She seemed to lose her &quot;personality&quot; amongst all the saw cuts and body parts..a friend told me not to read it because I would be disappointed - didn't listen..should have..would have stopped reading in the middle if I wasn't such a compulsive book finisher. Here's hoping Scarpetta gets her personality back in the next book.
B000002GGU|5.0|One of his best albums. But he forgot how to rock, I liked him much better when he had Attitude!
B000002UD7|5.0|With the notible exception of &quot;One More Chance' which to this day I think is crap, this is a great disc. &quot;What Have I Done To Derserve This' is just brilliant. I have a soft spot for &quot;I want to wake up' and 'Kings Cross' The later showing their taste for the 'big finish'. Buy this now.
B000006OAM|3.0|A haunting collection that starts well but just when you need lifting onto a higher plane, depresses the hell out of you for the remaining tracks! Natalie has a superb voice that could do justice to much greater variety!
0451524373|5.0|The Woman In White, is the ultimate mystery. Told by several enthralling narrators, we're allowed a glimpse into a world of cunning bravery, ruthless plots, unshakeable love, and proper etiquette. You'll be fascinated watching this complex mystery come together! A must read!
0451160916|5.0|While there are those of you out there who dismiss King as another horror writer obsessed with blood and other bodily fluids there are some of us who know the truth. Stephen King's work will never go out of style, like Dickens eventually Kings work will be read and studied in schools and universities and The Shining will remain a masterpiece.
B000002H70|5.0|This is the most calming, relaxing and mood inspiring music I can imagine.  Good for warm baths, candlelit romance, drunken rages...you name it.
B000002UV9|5.0|I thought that Hard Rock was something you grow out of.  Yet, this CD came out years ago and I still listen to it regularly.  There are not many rock bands I can say that about. Silent Lucidity, Jet City Woman, Best I Can, Another Rainy Night - this is great quality music!!!!
0399143904|5.0|Tom Clancy is, without any doubt, the best writer of the 20th century.  I own all of his books.  He keeps you on the edge of your seat, deeply engrossed in every word.  There is no let up to the action or excitement.  I'm a speed reader, and the only complaint I have is that he doesn't write more books per year.  I'd buy every one of them.  He's the only author I'd invest in hardcover copies of books.  And I have every one of his!
B000003CKH|5.0|yes! this a wacked out yet calm cd. i love it. even though there first cd was not as good, but this one is at the top of the line! MARVELOUS!! uh hu its got the move, its got the taste and it has the outstanding horn lines!
0385484518|5.0|This book will teach you lessons that you weren't sure you wanted to learn until you learn them from Morrie.<br />It is an absolutely beautifully written book with such sentiment.  I have read it twice and bought it for two people that I love.
B000002HMH|5.0|Some fans said Metallica sold out after Kill Em All. A larger number say that The Black Album was the Sell Out album. It is fair to say that Metallica has changed significantly from the thrash of the first four releases, and you can't really hold it against those who are disappointed with these changes. But to me, artistic integrity has to do with keeping things fresh. Metallica needed to move on musically, and I respect them greatly for continuing to push themselves. There is a big difference between selling out and exploring new directions. Load has some weak spots, but there are some truly outstanding songs. Some of them happen to be radio-friendly, but I judge a song on its merits. &quot;Mama Said&quot; is a country-tinged classic, a brave song to release given some of Metallica's intolerant thrashaholic fans. &quot;Wasting My Hate&quot; is a great, aggressive piece of work that stands up well against previous releases. &quot;Until It Sleeps&quot; is also a very ver! y good song, and like many of the songs on the this album reflects James Hetfield's growth as a songwriter and a lyricist. I wish more fans could respect the fact that as you grow older you need to keep things fresh. Load, in my mind does that, and while it is commercial it is markedly different than the Black Album. Load is not pretentious or calculated, and has a wide variety of songs. &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; is a very well constructed song, and &quot;Bleeding Me&quot; also pushes the envelope in a moody, introspective direction. The best songs on this album hold up very well, and while not everything on here works, it keeps the creative edge alive. Metallica shouldn't be like the Rolling Stones, putting out the same tired rehash every year. The band is changing, they don't care if every fan is on board. I respect that and I've noticed that the old stuff and the new stuff gets equal attention in concert and it all sounds good. Having said that, I am not a Reload fan. Thi! s is an album of songs that should never have been recorded!  or released, and in my opinion, was a copout. New songs should have been written and recorded, not just cutting room floor crud from Load. Thrash fans should stay away, but others will find plenty on Load to enjoy.s that should never have been recorded!  or released, and in my opinion, was a copout. New songs should have been written and recorded, not just cutting room floor crud from Load. Thrash fans should stay away, but others will find plenty on Load to enjoy.
B0000026WD|5.0|I'll be the first too admit that Jackson seems to be getting further and further away from reality, but let's face it, he's talented.  This is one of those rare albums where you don't have to push fast forward through most of it.  You can put it on and enjoy almost every song.  If you appreciate  good funk, get this album.  I wish he'd give up on the hard rock attempts.  Two of his slower songs are too sappy, but noone can make you want to get up and dance like Michael.  He sings his songs with heart.
B000002HRE|3.0|I imagine that most Metallica fans that like Load also like Reload. The albums are similar in that both have a wide variety of music and show the band going in a number of different directions. In that sense, I respect both albums and think that the band needs to do this in order to keep themselves fresh. However, I am one of the few that loves Load and doesn't like Reload. Quite simply, I think Load has the better songs. It's only natural: the guys write a bunch of songs. They pick the best ones for Load. Then they come back, thinking there might be some good ones leftover. There are, but they're a bit picked over. This is ok stuff, and would be A list material from other bands. From Metallica, this is B list material. I believe that they should have sat down and written some new songs. The new directions are interesting, and given the band's sometimes intolerant core constituency, even courageous, but the songs just aren't there this time around. Don't give me fuel, o! r give me fire, give me that which I desire: some new material!
B00000583F|4.0|Released in 1992, Sleep's Holy Mountain is one incredibly heavy record to reckon with. Monster riffs played at top volumes through huge &quot;Green&quot; amplifiers makes for an unforgettable onslaught. Although this record is much less trippy than one might expect from the picture on the back cover, it is nonetheless a seminal release in the budding stoner genre of Sabbath disciples. The ludicrous lyrics are mostly inaudible, leaving the listener free to roam his own mental landscapes as the Sleep machine tears it all down.
0887307280|5.0|Whether or not you agree with this book, if you are attempting to run a business -- or an organization of any sort -- I believe that you would profit by reading it. It articulates many of the conclusions I have reached in attempting to define what a business or organization should be and does it better than I have been able to do myself. In my opinion, it represents  a &quot;foundation&quot; business philosophy  that will help you refine your own thinking about why you are in business and what you are attempting to achieve by doing so. I would welcome discussion with anyone about the book. Feel free to contact me at my e-mail address.
B000001GBJ|5.0|If I could have only one CD - this would be IT ! Tender, passionate, beautifully simple.  Always fresh, can be played over and over without ever tiring of it.  Absolutely the most tender violin ever played - by anyone!
0897500482|5.0|This is a comprehensive account of Bruce Lee's style and methodology.  It contains a wonderful account of his own thoughts and strategies on fighting.  A must.
0440203856|1.0|I've read every one of Steel's books and loved them, but couldn't manage to get through this one.  I admit I stopped reading somewhere beyond the half-way point.  I've picked it up three or four times in the past five years but haven't made it to the end yet. I can't think of one other romance novel I've ever put down to never pick up again.
B000002MU3|1.0|Not much! I will wager my savings on the subjective que that this is the absolute WORST R.E.M. album ever. Gives the rest a bad name! I got this off my hands as soon as I could and gave up R.E.M. altogether -- until I heard &quot;Automatic for the People,&quot; which completely blows this thing away. This is an album that lyrically glorifies &quot;Star Me Kitten&quot; (*ack*) and musically drops below MegaDeth (well, maybe not). For want of less stars, I put down 1.
0375404783|5.0|read this book in one day because i could not put it down. i just kept laughing out loud. highly recommend it!
B000001DYY|5.0|TFF certainly lost a lot of excess baggage when they jettisonned the lousy Curt Smith. This is the &quot;autobiographical&quot; Orzabal album, and, contrary to the not-so-eloquent review, it deserves respect. I suppose with mediocrites like Matchbox 20 and No Doubt touted as musical masters, such critics become deaf (tone or otherwise) to masterful melodies and smooth transitory beat. This is a Pink-Floyd-ish album, relying more on &quot;classical&quot; composition than strict adherance to the &quot;modern&quot; rock tune. With seguing snyths and jazz guitars interwoven, this album rates high in my collection, amoung Dark Side of the Moon and Graceland.
B000002C4J|3.0|This album has a lot of potential for greatness.  When I heard the opening track, &quot;The Reason,&quot; I instantly knew that I had made a good purchase.  Overall, I still feel that it is a worthy album, but there are a few tracks which really seem out of place.  &quot;Treat Her Like a Lady&quot; is completely out of sync with her normal style.  Also, &quot;Tell Him&quot; and &quot;I Hate You Then I Love You,&quot; both duets, the former with Barbra Streisand and the latter with Luciano Pavarotti, simply do not blend well. All three have very strong voices, and they simply do not blend well together.  I leave it to you to decide for yourself, though.
B0000027RL|5.0|The least of which aspects is lyrics. &quot;Smarter than metal,&quot; remarks the Marxist critic, tapping his ruler on the cd -- but I disagree; Metallica easy grasps lyrical execution on their eponymous album to a Shakespearean level (&quot;Judge not; lest thee but judged yourself&quot;?). Pearl Jam, on the other hand, smoothly runs their music evenly interwoven, something that Metallica has just recently mastered, and has yet to truly make use of. This album is shot-through with great songs, the least of which is &quot;Jeremy&quot; followed closely by &quot;Evenflow.&quot; &quot;Deep,&quot; &quot;Black,&quot; and &quot;Release&quot; are almost Floydian (for those philistines out there, that's Pink Floyd) in its grungy musical perfection, and the first two overshadow the rest of the songs on this album. The only thing that could improve it is a segue theme throughout.
0440111498|5.0|Cat's Cradle was the first KV book I read, and I believe the best (first place tie with Breakfast of Champions).  Anyone who questions religion (from my point of view the main focus of the book)will find solace and understanding in these pages, while at the same time attain a good perspective into those who are religious.  The humor is wickedly true (my favorite being the culmination of a father's love to a young midget: a string game of the book's title with &quot;no damn cat, no damn cradle&quot;).  All in all, a book everyone interested in the world around them would enjoy again and again.
0812550757|5.0|This book is wonderful. I have to admit, though, that it was a bit slow in the beginning. It really picked up when Ender showd up a little before the middle. I would recommend this book to anyone who liked Ender's Game
0399142533|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much that I did not even notice the &quot;shrugging&quot; mentioned by other reviewers. If you want an exciting can't put it down book to read in the next month choose this one!
B000002NJS|5.0|I am a 43 year old woman who has always had a negative opinion of Madonna.....I would not have wanted my teenage daughters listening to her music.  I purchased ROL because I really liked Frozen, and found myself connecting to the lyrics of so many of the tracks on the CD. I've always felt that if music hits me deep in my soul and &quot;connects&quot;, then it is worth listening to. ROL is most definitely in that category.  Also,I work out on a regular basis, so the rhythm of the music lends perfectly to working out, but more than that, her lyrics are intelligent and extremely spiritual.  I believe motherhood has a lot to do with that.....there is a definite change from the &quot;material girl&quot; to that of a woman who has found her true self in her motherhood and womanhood.  I can't stop listening to ROL......
B00000255X|5.0|This has to be one of my all time favorite Dylan albums if not my favorite album in general.  Songs such as &quot;One more cup of coffee,&quot; &quot;Hurricane,&quot; and &quot;joey&quot; cannot be repeated my any artist.  If you like Bob Dylan or want to get into him buy this album.  It's a definate winner.
0060920084|1.0|I thought this had great potential to be an extremely entertaining book.  Mr. Bryson however has spent too much time in England away from his beloved Midwest.  He was right that the people in the Midwest are the most hospitable that you can meet, however each state has wonderful people if you are a wonderful person.  His view on America and Americans was funny at times but mostly just mean and vindictive when he didn't feel his was treated to even his low standards.
0394720288|5.0|Follow yet another escapade with Bertram Wooster and his man Jeeves. This delightfull frolic through Totleigh Towers centers on a silly cow creamer of all dashed things! Wodehouse unfolds his zany plots quicker than one can turn the page. A true treat to read. I highly recommend Wodehouse for a good laugh.
0451191153|5.0|I recommend this book to anyone who can think. Many of the reviewers of this work obviously cannot. Two reviewers proclaimed putting Rand on a pedestal defeated her purpose, Rand was a strong advocate of &quot;hero-worship&quot; that is looking up to the great, not walking on them or degrading them to a lowly standard. Rand belongs on a very high pedestal, as proving that she is one of the greatest authors of the 20th century. Those who find this book as &quot;hypocrisy&quot; (as one reviewer put it), should read Atlas Shrugged. If Atlas Shrugged is too long for your small conceptual ability, read the 50 page John Galt speech it does a good job in smashing your review into pieces.
0441172717|5.0|This book makes you thristy and after reading it you don't want to waste a drop of water. One of the best science fictions books I've read in a long time. If you saw the movie, GET THE BOOK! Much better. Herbert delivers. His knowledge of politics and science is masterfully shown. A must read.
B000002UW1|4.0|This album has some of R.E.M.'s greatest music.  It is brilliant up through &quot;The One I Love,&quot; then falls down a bit on the last few selections, such as the boring &quot;Lightning Hopkins.&quot;  Still, a very worthy collection from one of the modern rock era's most influential bands.  This was their last release on I.R.S. records before they made the big jump to Warner Brothers.
1570424632|4.0|Baldacci tells a good story but plausability goes out the window especially towards the end of Total Control. Still, I'll try him again.
B000002BYD|5.0|wow!  yield is nothing short of fantastic.  i heard the majority of the album live when pj played the santa cruz and oakland in late 97, but i was still breath-taken when i heard the album for the first time.  i admire pearl jam for their inovativeness and depth as musicians, and yield gives a flavor of everything.  Mini Fast Cars =) do the evolution and brain of jfk intensify the album with power while given to fly wishlist low light and in hiding soothe and intoxify.  this alubm is perfect.
0393307050|5.0|&quot;Master &amp; Commander&quot; and &quot;Post Captain&quot; (2nd in series) are truly outstanding examples of this genre.   They not only portray the strategic and tactical aspects of the war, and the ship construction/handling  challenges -- but explore the society of the time and present two phenomenal main characters.  The series then declines gently into mediocrity over the next 16 books, but still good reading.  Those interested in discovering other, less-hyped series should pursue: C.S. Forrester, Alexander Kent, Richard Woodman, Dewey Lambdin or James Nelson's readily findable series of Napoleonic-era Naval Fiction -- and the real addicts  should try tracking down Dudley Pope, Porter Hill, Victor Suthren or Frank Eccles' series.  For Naval Fiction of later eras -- try Philip McCutchan or Richard Hough.  Of course, comparable Army Fiction can be had from  Bernard Cornwell, Kenneth Roberts and Harold Coyle.  I welcome any suggestions of other authors I should e! xplore.
B000002LOE|2.0|Am I the only R.E.M fan that HATED &quot;Losing My Religion&quot;?  Whenever it started in, I'd quickly switch to another radio station.  And the critics all praised Peter Buck's use of a mandolin.  What, for playing about four stupid notes on it?  The rest of the album is definitely a very mixed bag, with a lot of low points like, well, &quot;Low&quot;:  a long, boring clinker which doesn't even rate up there with most R.E.M. B-sides.  &quot;Radio Song&quot; merely sounds embarrassing now.  Thank God they only did one song with KRS-One.  &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot; is fun on the first few listens, but quickly gets annoying.  &quot;Endgame&quot; is a weak instrumental experiment -- someone should have told them that they're not up to creating &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;-like orchestral numbers.  &quot;Belong&quot; would have been a catchy 2:30 minute song (albeit with weird lyrics), but unfortunately it goes on for about 2 minutes longer.  &quot;Me In Honey&quot; is OK, b! ut we've heard this type of thing before from them.  &quot;Texarkana&quot; is a good showcase for Mike Mills, and is pretty catchy, unlike his other vocal, &quot;Near Wild Heaven,&quot; which is way too fluffy.  &quot;Country Feedback&quot; is mournful country excess that bores me to death.  &quot;Half A World Away&quot; is Stipey trying to be the sensitive balladeer, only half-succeeding.  This album should have been called &quot;Out Of Ideas,&quot; with the hit song &quot;Losing My Touch.&quot;
0786889284|5.0|Throughout his Lou Boldt series - Ridley Pearson has captured the soul and essence of what it's like to be a detective searching frantically for a serial killer - this time a homicidal arsonist. From the time you pick up the book, Pearson grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go til the last page. He creates a web of characters and plots and brings them together in a wonderfully crafted story. Pearson doesn't getted bogged down in technical terms - giving just enough explanation to make his point. One of the best books I've read this year by far!
B000002MU3|1.0|I had been an R.E.M fan since they started, seeing them every year in concert since 1981 (where I sat in the front row of Beverly Theater in L.A., which was essentially an old movie theater revamped into a concert hall).  I would buy their albums as soon as they were released, without even knowing any of the songs first.  I was never disappointed -- until &quot;Out Of Time.&quot;  That album was a mess, and was my least favorite R.E.M album -- until &quot;Monster.&quot;  R.E.M.'s attempt to make an all-out, loud rock record just falls completely flat.  These songs have really weak melodies (even the hit &quot;What's The Frequency, Kenneth&quot; -- strip away all the noisy schlock and you have a really repetitive, weak melody).   It is the most irritating album in R.E.M's catalog.  Stipe's voice has lost all of its strong, distinctive quality and just sounds strained and whiny on this album.  I am not one of those fans that just likes the &quot;old, jangly, mumble-mouthe! d days.&quot;  I like plenty of R.E.M.'s other, more rocking numbers, such as &quot;Begin the Begin&quot; and &quot;Finest Worksong.&quot;  But &quot;Monster&quot; does absolutely nothing for me.  All of the critics seemed to hail with words like &quot;uncompromising&quot; and &quot;R.E.M. proves it can still rock.&quot;  Well, nice try, but no cigar.
0670880728|4.0|I read this book in less than 2 days.  Bridget's character is captivating and quite funny!!!
0679745203|2.0|For those of you who think that films based on books don't usually do them justice, here's an exception: while the film based on this book is perceptive, poetic and touching, the book is overly descriptive, confusing and boring. See the film; forget about the book.
0060977493|4.0|I found Roy's first novel to be extremely refreshing.  I haven't been so completely taken up by the actual prose and words an author uses since I read Death in Venice years ago in high school.  Roy's style is meant to be lyrical and it does not seem contrived as some reviewers suggested.  While I was reading the book my senses came alive simply from her word choice which I found breathtaking.  Only a few times did the story seem to lag and when it did I felt that the beauty of her writing was just too much to contemplate in one sitting.  I felt exhausted when I finished the book, but it was well worth it.  The fluctuations in time were challenging at first, but that is how an individual's memory works and by the end of the novel the circle of memories is complete.  Roy's style reminded me of Latin American writing and what is often termed &quot;magic realism.&quot;  There is a mythical quality to her writing yet readers should remember to take that within its cultural c! ontext.
B000002GA8|5.0|This has to be Rick Wakeman's all time solo masterpiece!  Not for the faint of heart, the  original keyboard player with YES puts this classic Jules Verne story into a musical context that will move you.  Powerful synthesizer scores along with the beautifully conducted London Symphony Orchestra blend into a serious feast for the ears, the mind and the imagination.  Shut the door and lock it, turn it up (best with headphones), sit back, relax and enjoy!...T
0385484518|4.0|As the daughter of an ALS patient I would hope that all who remember this book remember the actual disease as much as Morrie's lessons.  ALS is a devastating disease which slowly destroys the body while leaving the mind totally intact.  The victim, like Morrie, must literally watch herself die.  There is no cure, and patients typically have a life expectancy of two to five years after the onset of symptoms.<br />For me, the book was certainly depressing - the things Morrie went through are exactly what I will be facing.  It is heartbreaking to watch people like Morrie and my mother, once vibrant, energetic, and full of life, slowly becoming prisoners trapped in their own bodies.  Although I did not come away with any major spiritual revalations, I can certainly understand how such a person could, in the midst of his troubles, emerge with such spiritual peace.  And for my mother, the book has become a valuable friend.<br />With so many people in the dark about ALS, I am hopefu! l that the success of this book makes more people aware of this devastating disease.  While this may not be the greatest book ever written, its success may prove a tremendous benefit for ALS patients.  Educating people about the disease is as important as finding a cure.
B000000QG8|5.0|Originally released as an import to the U.S. in double LP format, this example of Irish rock is one of the finest ever heard.  Rory's lightning fast licks put many of the mainstream rock legends to shame.  This album should be listened to very loud, with a pint of good ale...T
0062502182|5.0|The Alchemist is truely inspiring. It made me want to get out of bed and climb every mountain in my path. The great books give you insight, the Alchemist goes further.. it changes the way you see life.
0671004107|5.0|Are you interested in SF but are tired of laser-guns and strange power-fields and want to read something more close to reality? Then I would recommend &quot;Contact&quot; by Carl Sagan. If you didnt know Sagan was (he died about a year ago) professor of planetary research at Cornell University and has written many books on astronomy and popular-science. This is as far as I know his only novel but it is a good one, very serious and well thought-out.  Ellie Arroway is a radio astronomer who has devoted her life to SETI (Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence) but is strongly counteracted by her colleagues. One day however, her stubbornness bear fruit. A radio signal from the star Vega in the constellation of Lyra is detected. The signal isnt just a &quot;Hello ! we are here &quot; but its a sketch of a machine that turns out to be some sort of transport of people, perhaps to the the star Vega. Many questions arise such as, should the macine be built? If so ,who shou! ld go? Are the Vegans friendly? Etc. The machine is enormously expensive but at last it is decided that it should be built and the crew makes ready to go. This book is basically devoted to describe how we would react the day we understand that we are not alone, both politically and religiously. With the exception of Arthur C Clarkes 2001, not many books have taken this interesting subject so seriously as Sagans Contact. The book has also been filmed by Robert Zemeckis (Forest Gump) but as always the book is better than the film.
B000002ULS|5.0|This is a wonderful album, with flowing quiet  songs about ordinary life and everything else. A  bible of life. Everything about it is perfect, realy I can't recomend it enough.
B0000032LS|5.0|I have seen this movie countless times and now I've found a place to buy it without leaving home. The music is priceless I would recomennd it to anyone!
630416923X|4.0|From The early Beginnings To The End, The Beatles Showed The World That They Are Truly The Best Rock And Roll Group Of Our Time. Their Music Truly  Influenced Our Lives.     END
B000005J08|5.0|John Zorn is a sort of enigma to most people.  Prior to actually finding a Zorn record I had heard of him only in passing.  When I did actually plop down my hard earned sheckles I found something that was far more deserving of a full blown holiday than a mention in passing.  John Zorn may be one of the greatest improv artists of our time and should certainly be placed in the ranks of Miles, Coletrane, Parker, and Monk.  The album Naked City for instance is a Harcore/Grind/Jazz/Movie Theme catastophy of which may very well cause you to not only change the way you listen to music but buy every John Zorn album soon after you listen to it.
B00000I01A|5.0|Great to hear while working out or just when your day is down. Love it all the way.
B000003PWZ|5.0|If you like music by the animals - you'll love this CD.  There are a total of 41 songs and there isn't a bad one among them.  There is a level of clarity to the music that you just can't get from old tapes or albums.  I thoroughly enjoy this CD and would recommend it to anyone.
B000006OBQ|5.0|You will truly appreciate Frank Sinatra's amazing talent when you listen to him performing live and at the peak of his capabilities. Add in Quincy Jones, the Count Basie Orchestra, Frank's &quot;tea break&quot; monologue, and the sound of clinking drink glasses in the Copa Lounge, and you have a must have CD. Oddly enough, I listened to this CD for the first time while driving to Las Vegas. As Frank briefly talked about the rebuilding going on at the Sands Hotel (remember it's 1966), I half imagined that I would see the famous landmark as I reached the outskirts of Vegas. Sadly, the Sands and Mr Sinatra have been replaced, but both will live on in this remarkable CD.
0446310786|5.0|ANYTHING BUT!!!!  When my English teacher assigned this book, I thought, &quot;My gosh, could anyone pick a dumber-sounding book?&quot;.  I was wrong.  Dead wrong.  The depth that Harper Lee gave her characters was unfathomable.  They seemed so real.  As if you could go down south, and visit everyone in Maycomb County.  I enjoyed the book so much, that I bought my own copy, and read it twice over.  The only people that were in my class that didn't like it were the shallow ones, who didn't take the time to realize that there was more to life than the next fad TV show.  There  were 20 people in that class.  All skeptical.  18 loved it.  The other two......  All the characters are forever etched in my mind, from cantankerous old Mrs. Dubose, to shy and reserved Boo Radely.  Anyone with an appreciation for literature will surely adore this book.
0449227421|5.0|This book may not be the litterary work of the century but, It was very intresting.
B000005RS9|3.0|Although there are certain sounds and additional echos thatcan't be heard on the U.S. version, you sacrifice a lot for that. Forinstance, if you're a big fan of &quot;Lucifer Sam&quot;, get the U.S. version.  The import butchers the creepy organ and background noises that truly give this song it's bizarre,evil and psychedelic nature. The sound is &quot;patchy&quot; on other songs as well,going from loud to soft, almost like a well done bootleg. High amount of echo, which is cool and could possibly be more like the original recording, but again, results in reduction of important background instruments that are more discernable on the U.S. version. If you want a unique collectors item, buy the import. If you want to get high or do some acid and listen to pure out &quot;of this world&quot; intrigue, stick with the U.S. version. Although the music will always be the edge of fantasy oriented creativity, unfortunately, the U.S. version seems to be the best sound quality that's available to date (good or bad).
0393037010|5.0|I found the O'Brian series in a bookshop on Oxford Street Paddington (Sydney Australia) and was in desperate need of an excellent series to get stuck into.  Well I did and I read the lot, I just hope more will be written.  Master and Commander did nearly lose me in the first few chapters as I felt it was all conversation and virtually no prose but I stuck with it and was so delightfully rewarded with the story telling, character development, action and suspense that I couldn't put the book down.  Now there's something you should know about me, I'm a woman in my 20's and thus a rarity when it comes to being an avid fan of Patrick O'Brian.  But I thoroughly enjoyed learning about men and their way of seeing the world.  I also thoroughly loved how O'Brian drew the women who came to be so important in later books of the series.  So women reading this, go get this book.  This series is set on a British man-o-war in wartime with plenty of action and it is primarily about men ! and there are some details that it would be easier to pretend didn't happen; it is also a story that makes you laugh at the wonderful dry wit. The observations of people and friendship aren't to be found elsewhere.  I lament the fact that I've now read all O'Brian's seafaring stories and only hope at least two more in the Aubrey series can be written.  So if you want a good laugh, well a series of them more like, an insight into life in a different world and into men.  But be prepared to read the entire series and finding yourself buying three books ahead at a time so you don't find yourself finishing one at 10pm and running all over the city in search of an open bookshop with the next one on the self! Now I am back to trying to find another excellent author, the only problem is, my requirements are tougher than ever before, but at least I can look forward to breaking my rule about re-reading novels and get stuck back into seafaring life in a couple of years!
B000001ZS4|5.0|Equinoxe offers an escape from reality unlike any of his other albums.  As all of Jarre's music is excellent, this is one of his best albums.
B000002KDS|5.0|This is a must-have album (cd). Period. Nothing else quite captures the dark and surreal world of Alice like this one. Truly their finest moment of songwriting and performing, following the rawness of 1970's \\"Love It To Death\\" but before the slick commercialism of 1972's \\"School's Out\\" (and each album thereafter). There are a few \\"pop\\" songs, like \\"Under My Wheels\\" and \\"Be My Lover\\" (both of them excellent), but the real gems are the longer progressive ones like \\"Halo Of Flies\\", \\"Dead Babies\\" and the title track. My favorite is probably \\"Desperado\\" 'cuz it's such a beautiful and powerful tune and never fails to conjure up vivid images of the old west. I like all of the Coop's albums but this one stands out above the others for creative genius, excellent songwriting and overall coolness. It's one of only a handfull of rare albums that always sounds fresh and exciting even after decades of listening. My question is... when are the bigwigs gonna digitally remaster the Cooper catalog? I hope it's only a matter of time 'cuz I'm jonesing for this one to get the treatment.
B000007NYS|5.0|You often hear music described as heartful, genuine, real. You can't get any closer than Lucinda Williams. I've been listening to the original release of this album for 8 years, and I can never get tired of it. If you've ever heard Lucinda Williams sing one song, and it sent chills down your neck like it did the first time I heard her, then you will want to own this album, still the most perfect collection of her songs (although &quot;Car Wheels...&quot; comes close).
B000000WCA|5.0|This album makes me want to dance.  With its upbeat and fun tunes it can make anything boring spicey!!!!  SPICE UP YOUR LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0425152251|5.0|Great storyline.....really informative.....excellent!!
B000002GFT|5.0|I,ll throw my 2 cents in.  I can see what some critics are driving at when they say that Fairport was superior when they concentrated less exclusively on traditional British Isles material, but this album was the first I heard by them and it's been one of my favorite albums for the last 27 years or so.  The combination of Sandy Denny's magnificent voice, the excellent musianship, and the beautiful traditional melodies continues to rivet me to this day.  I have never tired of it.
B000002NBY|5.0|Simon's career had been in a comatose state before this album, so what a completely unexpected, pleasant surprise it was when it came out in 1986.  His work with South African musicians and vocal groups (especially the awesome Ladysmith Black Mambazo) really shines on every track.  Though sometimes Simon has the tendency to sound like he's trying to be too clever, and despite lyrics that frequently make little sense (at least to me), the real story here is the complete joy of the African rhythms and sounds combined with Simon's obviously inspired and enthusiastic singing.  The well-known hits are all great, and even lesser-known numbers are gems, like the duet with Linda Ronstadt, &quot;Under African Skies,&quot; (one of my faves on the album).  The last two numbers try to create a tie between African music and American musical styles:  &quot;That Was Your Mother&quot; is a great New Orleans cajun/zydeco song, and &quot;The Mystery Of Fingerprints&quot; features the alw! ays-good Los Lobos as a backing band.  This is one I've played over and over.  It also got me interested in pursuing more African music, a rich genre to which I had previously not been exposed.
B000005JHV|5.0|The record perfectly captures an ideal image of central Europe... a bittersweet feeling. Essential in any record collection.
B000008806|5.0|Before i listened to Air, i only listened to the really publicised stuff, but my friend Jordan taught me that the best music is most of the time not bought by a big company, and boy was he right..this is an unbelievable cd..i cant put it down!
044022165X|5.0|touching story, full of adventure..and excitement...never would guess what happens in the end...
B000002TQV|5.0|What a great album this is.  I usually don't care for all of the alternative, largely negative &quot;gloom and doom&quot; crap that is out in abundance these days.  The Bends is none of that.  It inhabits a world of darkness and despair, but it does this so intelligently and with so much feeling and elegant power, it ends up being hauntingly beautiful.  Songs like &quot;Bulletproof,&quot; &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; and &quot;[Nice Dream]&quot; are proof that Radiohead has grown in tremendous ways with this sophomore effort.  No 2nd album slump here!  I love to blast &quot;My Iron Lung,&quot; always waiting in anticipation for those parts of the song that degenerate into controlled chaos.  I find myself liking very few modern rock bands of the '90s (and right now seems like such a low period in terms of musical quality), which makes this album stand out even more as a great affirmation that so-called &quot;modern rock&quot; isn't dead yet.
6304819935|5.0|People, are calling this a remake, when it is really not.  The reason why it seems like Ash is coming back to the cabin, is that Mr. Raimi could not get the footage from Evil Dead 1.  He had to recreate the footage, with Ash going to the cabin with Linda.  End of story     END
067942850X|5.0|The lucid news of the death of Chris McCandless prevails in the first chapter, and this captures your imagination. It works, pretty well. It's quite a short novel and you can read it at ease. Jon has vividly painted a picture of Chris! However, it sounds little like a memoir.
B0000062S0|5.0|Great quality songs and well balanced rythm. This CD brings again Jimmy Page and Robert Plant to the top quality music as they did with Led Zeppelin. After No Quarter, this is truly a solid album, Plant with a softer, but powerfull voice and Page with great guitar moments. Songs like Most High, When the World Was Young, Heart in your Hand reminds us that there's still good music over there.  The last song, Sons of Freedom is very Led Zeppelin style, although you should forget about Led in this album, this is Page &amp; Plant. Combining several styles of music they did a great job mixing exotic sounds from arabia with rock and blues. All in very high quality sound. One of the best albums I bought this year. Great!
0385484518|5.0|Albom hits the proverbial nail right where you least expect it - the heart.  This book is a must read for all men who long to know and be known by another significant man in their life.  Dads, sons, teachers, preachers...  Every man with eyes to read and hearts to bleed, hear this word:  READ THIS BOOK!  To my dear friend Louie who sent this book to me as a gift, &quot;Thanks, and you're the greatest!&quot;
0446310786|5.0|This book is one thing.  A Masterpiece.  You can give it all the wonderful names but those names add up to one thing.  A Masterpiece.  Many people ask me why I think it is such a Masterpiece.  They laugh at the books title.  my response to them is always don't judge a book by it's cover, (or in this case it's title).  This is a powerful book that uses such subjects that make our hearts stop beating.  In this book, I feel like I'm part of the story.  How many books can you say this about?  All together, It is truly one of the most prized pieces of literture in American history!
0877739587|5.0|I work in Human Services and see how clearly it is not the situations we are in that are the problem but our attitude towards those situations that is the problem.  How delighted I was to find this book which puts this idea and others in such clear and elegant language.  That these are words from a man who lived in antiquity only seems to highten the delight.  If you love someone buy them this book, give it to a new graduate or best of all perhaps give your self the words and the quiet space and time to absorb, think and internalize.  The ideas in this book are written in the secret language of life.
B000001EGA|5.0|When I was five I used to jam to my big sister's  copy of this album, and 21 years later I still love it.  The cohesiveness, the lush arrangements, the odd lyrics (&quot;...the simple red haze has ecology beat as the whores and the drunks file in from the street...&quot;), the great art work, all of these elements come together to form what is, for me, the quintessential Elton John album.  If you buy only one CD by him, this should be it.
B000001FAU|5.0|Rainbow's Rising, along with their double live &quot;On Stage&quot;, are 2 of the all time best hard rock albums ever; Blackmore's guitar playing is just plain great, Dio and the other musicians are just as fabulous. If you want to listen to some good, intelligent hard rock, this is it.
B000002897|5.0|Screaming Trees are an amazing Seattle band who was unfortunately overshadowed by other amazing bands like Soundgarden &amp; Nirvana.  This is one of my favorite albums and a great place to start a Screaming Trees collection.  No other band has a singer with a voice like Mark Lanegan.
B000002UD7|5.0|This Pet Shop Boys LP is sheer fun fun fun! The stand-out is their inspired pairing with Dusty Springfield (one of the most gifted vocalists of this era) on &quot;What Have I Done To Deserve This?&quot;<br />Other stand-outs...&quot;Rent&quot; and &quot;I Want To Wake Up&quot;<br />The Pet Shop Boys can do dance music like no one else.
B00000I01A|5.0|This CD provides great workout music and some good relaxing music as well.  I definitly reccomend this Cd for anyone who want to feel the determination and drive that Rocky Balboa felt in the greatest series of movies ever!!!!
1573225517|5.0|This books describes the lives of many of my friends, but does so with much more skill than they've ever managed...  A rare treat:  a fun read which still offers words for thought. <br />And it doesn't hurt that the main character and I share a similar taste in music!
0553577123|4.0|The Diary of Anne Frank is a wonderful book.  It shows you the fear the Jews felt during that time period.  But the book also makes it seem as though Anne Frank was the only child who endured that horrible thing.  Anne was not alone.  What about her sister Margot?  She was there too.  And many other children also expierenced what Anne did.  We should remember not just Anne Frank, but all the children.  Anne's diary is an insight on what many children felt.  Anne was a strong person who never gave up.  The world will never forget Anne, but please do not forget the others.
0691023565|5.0|This is a book on problem solving, in its widest meaning, though mathematics dominates, given the author's education. It's a feast! Prepare yourself for many hours of fun and education. If you'll accept an advice, study every single book written by Polya.
0670880728|5.0|Every woman that reads this book will be left wondering, &quot;How did Helen Fielding get a hold  of my diary?!&quot;
0670880728|2.0|Such a disappointment.  I thought, at first, that the reason this book was not funny to me was because &quot;it lost something in the translation&quot;.  Or, maybe because I'm a &quot;smug married&quot;.  I did like the diary format and even though I am far from being in my 30's, I enjoyed some of Bridgit's experiences (alas, few and far between).   This is a good &quot;beach reading book&quot; since it is quick and easy to follow but unfortunately doesn't have much substance.  I don't have much contact with 30-something females of today, but I surely hope they are not like Bridgit!
0140187537|4.0|This book was not the masterpiece that The Grapes of Wrath was in my eyes but it had its own charm and meaning that I feel shows the value of Steinbeck's writings.  I thought the story was believable.  I also think that the portrayal of the conflict Americans face when it comes to morals and values was also very well done.  I do reccommend this book to both Steinbeck and non-Steinbeck lovers alike because it is an excellent and interesting read.  I plan on reading it again a few years from now, only after I re-read the Grapes of Wrath again.
0425156842|4.0|Although it gets a bit dusty and rough to read in the end, I like &quot;Sophie's world&quot; for the two story lines it tells at the same time and the way the author leads them to a meeting point. I never had an easier entrance to understanding old and modern philosophy. If it wasn't for the last section of the novel I would have given it five stars.
006109594X|2.0|Despite numerous misgivings, I would have to give this book two stars because I actually finished it. The author's bizarre fascination with Kansas should have set warning bells off in my head. Furthermore, the inane dialogue between the Iraqi (or was it Iranian?) sub ace and his half-witted First Officer was some of the most atrocious writing since Danielle Steele got her first typewriter. A word of advice to the journalist-turned-author: stick to writing horoscopes and obituaries.
B000002AE3|4.0|As an old toto fan, I was quite disappointed with the albums after Toto - IV (which was on the edge of being plain commercial without the freshness I'd loved with the older albums). Just lately a friend gave me &quot;Tambu&quot; and told me it was a lot better again. Well, he was right. &quot;Gift of Faith&quot;, the first song, comes as fresh and alive as any of their old songs (who remembers &quot;Manuela Run&quot; from the first album?), and I can't say the rest of the album is worse. Old fans would have to get used to a different drums sound since Jeff Porcaro died a couple of years ago, but I didn't have any problems coping with it. Check it out, it's really worth buying it.
B000002NJS|5.0|This CD has the best songs. That Daniel guy can't even spell Frozen. The best songs are Ray of Light because you can dance to it, and Frozen, which is good to listen to when your depressed. This cd has songs with a variety of moods.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I got hooked onto the band with &quot;The Bends&quot; and not only went forward with &quot;OK Computer&quot; but back with &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;.  Rolling Stone is entirely correct -- the amazing evolutionary progress of this band over 3 CDs is one of the greatest rock stories of the 90s.  &quot;OK Computer&quot;, like the play &quot;Rent&quot; and DNA cloning, are going to go down in history books as pop culture events that defined an era -- in this case the mid-to-late 90s.  <br />It's definitely a must buy.
B000002U9L|5.0|The music for the songs on this album is really trippy and lyrical. David Bowie sings all of the lyrics, except for a few lines in 'Chilly Down' (Cat from Red Dwarf is the voice for two of the Fireys). Mr Bowie's voice is in perfect form, and I find the music very relaxing, and easy to drift with. If you are a Bowie fan, enjoy the Fantasy genre, or just enjoyed this movie, I recommend this album. I would also recommend to those who find things like 'Songs from a Secret Garden' enjoyable.
0151003084|5.0|A poignant moment: A little boy is opening a parcel. His name is Titus. In a few seconds he will be blown to pieces. We might feel sorry for him... if we weren't enjoying it so much. Gorey at his best --- superb black comedy.
B000000WA4|5.0|All I can say about this album is wow! It has styles rangin from the techno &quot;1979&quot; to the love poem &quot;Beautiful and fills in the spaces with a medley of rock and tech.  Traditional yet a mark of the changing style of the Pumpkins as seen in the next release: Adore
B000002KK8|5.0|This is a short one from Peru.  This album has been made to listen in the nature because its style is so fresh that you can really hear it and enjoy it especially in a vacation.  This group made the best out of them those glorious years.<br />                                        Franco
B000001EKX|5.0|This is the finest work KISS ever recorded.  It's not full of their hit songs, but it's fantastic.  The writing is outstanding and the energy is perfect.  GOIN' BLIND is one of the best songs ever recorded.  Far more cohesive than their first album, KISS, this is a must for anyone who loves Rock-n-Roll.
B000002X2B|5.0|paul kanter, grace slick, jorma, jack, marty, jerry garcia, mickey hart, bill kreutzman and other bay-area peers contribute to this beautiful album which brings sci-fi, psychedelia and amazing music together in one of the few albums which works together as a whole. Grace's piano never sounded better, nor did her beautiful voice. check out &quot;sunrise&quot; and see if you dont get goosebumps at the sheer psychedelic beauty of it all.....get this album.
B000002MUQ|1.0|At age 13 I MIGHT have written a chorus line that said, &quot;I can't stop lovin' you No matter what I say or do&quot; However, the next day I would have reread it, scratched it out and possibly burned the remains as to not embarrass myself.  It's sad where Sammy took this once outstanding and timeless group of icons.  Now Cherone (who wrote WARHEADS w/Extreme &quot;...I'm a warhead, he's a warhead, she's a warhead, etc&quot;) is taking over.  Suggestion to Eddie, &quot;PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE choose a lyricist first and a strong singer second next time around, okay?  Sort of like you did the first time!&quot;  Name a song which will live on forever in the Sammy Hagar era.  It's like trying to rhyme a word with orange.  Try to find a song which wasn't timeless with Roth.  Rock, Lock, Stock, Clock, Hock, Mock...
B000002NJS|3.0|I give madonna a definite 3 stars because of her ability of keeping up with the changes of the ages. mostly in keeping up with what ever the next young generation is into. since kids,(under 30) are the pop scene music cash buying crowd, her manager and herself had to keep up with the new found yin/yang indian henna stained hands, religous mystique that the kids are now finding unique. so on a purely $$$$note, I have to give her credit for keeping up with what is selling currently. I am sorry to say the music is not original. Enya has been doing it for sometime now.
B000000OSW|5.0|Peter Gabriel can move us to view ourselves more closely.  He is obviously looking deep within himself on this CD.  The honesty is powerful.  The music beautiful.  The CD... A MUST HAVE!
0345350499|4.0|The Mists of Avalon had a very interesting storyline.  However, the characters' family trees were extremely complex.  It seemed like everyone was sleeping with or marrying their cousins, aunts, half sisters, ect.  In short, their relationships with each other were immoral and really gross.  We would have given the book 5 stars (this was written by two friends who have read The Mists of Avalon and this our joint review) if the characters were not so permiscous and incestuous.  The book also does not portray an accurate story of the legend of king Arthur.  Most of what Bradley wrote was made up.  For example, the mother goddess was not a main religion.  But overall the book was Ok.  Except if you want to read a more accurate and much better account of King Arthur, we strongly recommend reading T.H. White's &quot;The Once and Future King&quot; or Mary Stewart's Arthur series.
B000002USN|2.0|Difficult to recommend this novelty CD. Frank is a mere shadow of his former self, and most of the pairings were less than satisfying, although I did enjoy Vandross, Streisand, and Bennett. Only buy this one if you have his earlier recordings, and you're a die hard fan wanting everything Frank.
078322608X|5.0|12 Monkeys proves once again that Gilliam can direct other people's material.  This transfer is very good, and there is a running commentary track by Gilliam throughout the film in addition to the regular film soundtrack.  There is also a &quot;making of&quot; film that will amaze even the most die-hard (ahem) Gilliam fan.  12 Monkeys proves Gilliam can direct, Willis can act, and insurance salespeople have more fun.  (Dual-layer disc - no flipping required.)     END
0886461251|4.0|What this book lacks in artistry it more than makes up for in energy, and in those great moments of Lewis Carroll logic.  Any book that exposes the moral bankruptcy that is warfare in our time as beautifully as this one does deserves classic status.  But I sure wish I could throw out all those redundant adverbs Heller uses to describe how his characters talk, he said helpfully.
B000000OQY|3.0|&quot;Lies is a 2 part album.  The first half was recorded in 1986 before &quot;Appetite&quot;.  The second half was recorded in 1988.   The first half is just a bunch of early GNR live thrashings. It is ok, but nothing great here.   The second half is pretty good.  &quot;I Used To Love Her, But I Had To Kill her&quot; is a darkly funny song, it is your basic GNR dark style.    There is a remake of &quot;Your Crazy&quot; off the &quot;Appetite album.  It has been slowed down.  The best song on the album is &quot;Patience&quot;.  This is a great song that makes the entire album worthwhile.  The last song on the album is &quot;One In a Million&quot;.  It is an ok song but very offensive.   This album is for die hard Guns N Roses fans only.  <br />Nate Dusek
B000000WFF|5.0|This is a great CD! BUY IT! It is especially good for dancing. My friend, brother, and I have a dancing group and we dance to almost all SpiceWorld songs. I think SpiceWorld is better than Spice because it doesn't have any songs that younger kids don't need to hear. Spice does.(Last Time Lover and Naked come to mind.) Anyway, the best song on this CD is &quot;Spice Up Your Life&quot; I think. I'll say it again: BUY IT!
B000002KDO|5.0|Another masterpiece.  A great album. A must have for Sabbath fans.  Every song is a keeper.
B000002H72|5.0|Quite simply, a masterpiece of American indie rock.  The sheer intensity and angst that oozes from Black Francis just blows you away, and the superlative musicianship of Kim Deal, Joey Santiago, and David Lovering complements Frank's frenetic style perfectly.  For a group so oddball and intense, it's amazing how catchy the Pixies were.  This is most apparent on Doolittle - it is an album with absolutely no flaws. Doolittle doesn't bother with any filler; the fifteen songs cut right to the chase and every line, every note is essential to the songs and an enjoyable listening experience.  Listen carefully, or you might miss something!  Though Here Comes Your Man, Debaser, and No. 13 Baby are my favorites, every song is mesmerizing.  Doolittle is the type of album that I can listen to time and time again and not get bored - it sits in a prominent place in my collection. Doolittle stands along such albums as Murmur and The Queen Is Dead as the best of the 1980's. I would pay 10 times what I paid to own a copy.  Buy this album and introduce yourself to one of the most underappreciated bands in music.  You won't regret it.
B000002KE2|5.0|Fantastic...a must have for Sabbath and hard rock/heavy metal fans.  To hear &quot;Changes&quot;, &quot;FX&quot;, and &quot;Supernaut&quot; together in this order is unbelievable.  The opening track is another great one...&quot;Wheels Of Confusion&quot;.  You have to have this one.  Don't wait, go get it today!!!
0060977493|5.0|Arundhati Roy's book is one of those rare stories that affects you completely for days after you've read it. Being a Keralite Christian studying in the US,it evoked cherished memories of familiar places, people, language and tragic reality.  The frequent moving back and forth in time needs a little getting used to, but this very quality makes the overall coming together of the story all the more fantastic, especially in the end. The characters and their tragic lives paint the book with overwhelming sadness that never lifts. But , right through the book , the author delights us with humorous episodes, which are very accurate  in their portrayal of Malayali life, like Baby Kochamma's encounter with the marxist processionists. I definitely recommend this book to all and will wait expectantly for the nect great story from Ms.Roy.
B000002KFJ|4.0|A very good album.  Symptom of the Universe is a CLASSIC SABBATH song.  If you are only buying one Sabbath album (why would you do this?) this is not the one, but it is very worthy of being in your collection.  Go for it.
0385474547|5.0|Nothing more aptly says it about this book than these famous words from the book: THE WHITE MAN CAME PEACEABLY AND WE ACCEPTED HIM FOOLISHLY AND NOW HE HAS TAKEN OUR BROTHERS. OUR CLAN CAN NO LONGER ACT AS ONE. HE  HAS PUT A KNIFE TO THE THINGS THAT HELD US TOGETHER AND WE HAVE FALLEN APART.THI IS THE TRAGEDY OF THE BOOK.
B000000OSW|5.0|Ben oui, quoi, des sous. Il en faut pour ses disques &quot;at home&quot; de world music. Alors, des sous, il peut en r&eacute;clamer &agrave; ceux qui, sans vergogne, se sont fait du fric avec son nom et qui s'appellent Collins, Rutherford et Banks qui, s'il porte bien son nom, doit pouvoir fournir &agrave; notre Peter bien-aim&eacute; ce dont il a besoin pour une grande tourn&eacute;e mondiale qui, si elle passe par Lille, ne manquera pas d'attirer Paulo et son Kaou... Question musique, nous pourrions croire que nous sommes dans la mme veine que &quot;So&quot;. Certes, si nous songeons &agrave; &quot;Diggin' in the dirt&quot;, nous ne sommes pas loin en effet de &quot;Sledgehammer&quot;. Mais c'est pour mieux nous emmener vers &quot;Kiss that frog&quot; que l'Ange de tous les possibles choisit des raccourcis &eacute;difiants de tristesses et de d&eacute;sarrois simplifi&eacute;s tels que &quot;Come talk to me&quot; et &quot;I love to be loved&quot;... Mais nous passerons volontiers de &quot;Us&quot; &agrave; &quot;So&quot;,  et r&eacute;ciproquement, nous en ferons 2 albums de chevet pendant une nuit et plus si affinit&eacute;s. &quot;If in doubt, consult your dealer&quot;, lisait-on dans l'temps...
0060977493|1.0|If you enjoy repeated phrases (e.g., &quot;fountain in a Love-In-Tokyo&quot;), overused metaphors, and capitalized words in the Middle Of Sentences For Effect, then this is the book for you.  Otherwise, rest assured that the title really is the best part of the book.
B000000OPU|5.0|Le meilleur album du Sire, parce que d&eacute;pouill&eacute; et clair, le &quot;So&quot; de l'Ange Gabriel frle nos abmes et touche du doigt nos plaies faites d'incommunicabilit&eacute; et de d&eacute;sirs mal &eacute;treints. C'est avec plaisir qu' &quot;I hear that voice again&quot;<br />and it's a red<br />  it's a red<br />  it's a red<br />  it's a red rain's gonna fall
0375751513|2.0|First off, let me begin by saying that this book was not completely devoid of any good characteristics.  It was written in a style of gentle prose that was easy to read, and it did put forth at least a few interesting concepts.  On the whole though, the ideas in this book were utterly ridiculous and totally lacking in any true depth. They appear to me to be the vain ramblings of a man consumned in his own deepness, thereby proving how shallow he truly was.  I would liken this book to a picture in which detailing, shading, and general looks are pleasing, but the perspective is off, ruining the whole picture.  So perhaps you would enjoy this book if you are looking for a few ideas and smart sayings put together in a seemingly random, and almost chaotic order.
B000002KFJ|5.0|L'Album de Black Sabbath que vous devez possder (wharf !) absolument si vous tes fan de Blue yster Cult. Superbe d'un bout  l'autre et faites gaffe  ne pas retrouver avec l'ersatz sur lequel figure un titre live en plus. Non seulement, ce dernier gche tout, mais encore vous prive-t-il du chant a capella qui figure sur l'album vinyle original et qui vaut son pesant d'ail !!!  R-coutez les riffs -qui n'ont jamais t aussi lumineux- de Tommy Iommi, entendez-les dcrire comment vous essayez de vous dsengluer de la mare au Diable dans laquelle vous vous tes invits bien seul(e)(s). Vous tes bon(ne)(s) pour les sables mouvants et c'est si bon. Un album jouissif !!!
0899683452|5.0|Flowers for Algernon, although a simple story writen through the simpleness of a adolecents mind, was able to convey overwhelmingly the will and courage of the human spirit. Flowers for Algernon travels through the mid life of Charlie Gordan, a retarded man, with the one wish of being smart, or in his words &quot;like everyone else&quot;. He's motivation is rewarded when a promising new advance in science allows him to surgically compound his IQ.  ..and when this new aquisition Charlie was able to soak up all the knowledge he had longed for. With his new mind, Charlie no longer sees the world through the mind of a 6 year old.. he realises the perfect world he always knew, was not so perfect anymore. He discovers the truth of who he is, and what is really significant in life. Not IQ or gift, but only love, goodness, and the will to succeed.
B000002LCK|5.0|This 2CD set is nothing short of extraordinary.  It pulls you through their world of raw emotion and startling honesty on the crest of some of the most envigorating dance and trance beats ever dreamed up.  This group is the real thing!  They deftly convey a consistent paradox in their music: Deep, brooding lyrics that manage to convey both a sense of hopelessness and boundless optimism for the future.  Ok, obviously I'm obsessed- but, really, you can't miss here.
6304240562|5.0|Dawn of the dead is the greatest film ever made easily. Its  a true classic! the first time you see it you'll be emotionally affected and it will change the way you think  forever. You'll never look at a mall in the same way...     END
B000000FG8|5.0|this is the best cd i have ever heard. i thas a great mix of ska and punk . operation ivy is the best band in the world
B000009DUY|4.0|Lots of horns, underscored by strings and supported by his 90's penchant for percussion, this is what you'd expect from John Williams- except that it's by far the most understated of his scores for a Spielberg film.  You won't remember any music after you've seen the film- in part because its images are so powerful, but even moreso because of how music is used, which is *sparingly*.  The music is not made up of motifs and cues, but of small suites bridged by overlapping horns.  Williams only breaks from this pattern over the end credits, with the haunting 'Hymn For The Fallen', which is never heard in the actual body of the film.
0449002632|5.0|Sweeping, saga-like, hard-to-put down.  I had the pleasure of reading LONDON while traveling in England and Scotland. Being there while reading it made LONDON even more fascinating.  LONDON, cleverly recanted in story form, is an absolute feast.
B000002KBA|5.0|This album, when it was released in 1970, defined the term &quot;heavy metal&quot;.  You'll never be the same after hearing the speaker-blasting acrobatics of this highly accomplished, proficient and ground breaking band playing the most amazing hard rock you've ever heard.  Every single track is a classic, the interplay between guitar, keyboards, vocals, bass and drums are perfect.  This is the pinnacle of the Deep Purple discography, and will no doubt move the most hardened hard-rock fan.  This album opened my ears to classic metal, and nothing has sounded quite as good to the day.
B0000009SG|5.0|Frank Zappa with the help of Tina Turner turns in flawless execution of conceptual continuity rock.  Remember: &quot;The crux of the biscuit is the apostrophe, the poodle bites...&quot; Does humor belong in music, I say YES!  The rolicking good fun of this album makes it one to listen to often!  Thanks Howard!
B0000009SM|5.0|Probably my favourite (or one of several favourite) FZ albums.  If you like his humour, his musical vision, his whole warped outlook on life, then this album is for you.  It is loud, raucous, multi-layered, and extremely accomplished, and features the most technically brilliant musicians he ever played with.  The entire album plays like a party in your mind where the whole neighbourhood's invited.  There's just no words to explain the way you feel after hearing some of the harmonies on songs like &#34;Inca Roads&#34; or &#34;Florentine Pogen&#34;, or the highly charged head-banging rock and roll of &#34;San Ber'dino&#34;.  The vocals on this record are unparalled, and the whole package is full of band in-jokes which are fun to listen to anyway.  All in all, this is an energetic masterpiece which commands your attention throughout.  If you wanna hear Zappa at his best, whip this one on.
B000003TA4|3.0|Sure, this album can be entertaining, but after a few weeks it becomes repetetive.  Cobain's guitar parts are incredibly similiar in every song as well as the drum beat and the lame lyrics.  I totally disagree with some of the reviews here stating that this album is the greatest of the 90's.  If you want to hear Seattle rock at it's finest listen to Pearl Jam or Soundgarden or something, at least those bands are more creative and can do some decent solos on the guitar!  I don't want to even start with my complaints on Cobain's repetetive criticism of Pearl Jam's music.  They outdo this garage band easily!  In conclusion, this album is quite a pleasure to listen to, but you soon realize that you're listening to the same simple guitar chords in different orders.
B0000009SG|5.0|If you're just getting into the music of the great Frank Zappa, then this is the place to start.  It's easy enough to digest, satisfying enough to fill you up, and tasty enough to keep you coming back for more. The songs here all reach classic status, and some are even radio-friendly (Oh No! I don't believe it....).  The performances here are all tight and energetic, yet not too complex so as not to lose the average rock consumer.  Most - no, all tracks feature Zappa's usual wry and rewarding humour, and some border on the smutty.  If you're turned on by songs about canine gratification, bets concerning sexual prowess and dental floss farms, then you're the type of twisted candidate who qualifies for enjoyment of such bizarre and wonderous musical oddities.  But be warned - once you start getting into Overnite Sensation, you WILL be compelled to visit other recorded voyages of the late great unclassifiable artist.
B000000WF9|5.0|A battle of the mind and body to achieve dreams that will benefit society. Incredible music that overwhelms and makes one want to make a difference in the ever changing world.
B0000062FN|4.0|A prime example of Santana's sizzling latino rock, this offering comes from the guitarist's earliest and definitive line-up.  The album contains many notable classics, and the entire record is on par with their previous two - Santana and Abraxas.  Just listen to &quot;Everybody's Everything&quot; for pure energy and fire - this music is what life is all about! &quot;Jungle Strut&quot; also rocks your sox off, and is nicely complemented by other more subdued and heartfelt tracks like &quot;Taboo&quot;.  &quot;Toussaint L'Overture&quot; is a tour-de-force, and stands to remind you what a showman/bandleader the brilliant Carlos Santana was and still is today.  If cubano jazz-rock is your thing, make sure you don't miss out on this one - it's still hot as ever!
0812550706|5.0|I was reading Card's book, &quot;How to Write Science Fiction and Fantasy,&quot; and he often alluded to techniques he used in one of his books, &quot;Ender's Game.&quot; I went out and bought it, and WOW. It was truly fantastic. I recommend it to all, and I can't wait to read the sequel, &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot;!
B000002KIK|5.0|Forget the lukewarm reviews; if you love the early-to-mid-period Sabbath, then you must get this album!  It's production is sharper than their previous releases and the mood isn't as dark. The vocals are mind-shattering, and the synthesiser work found on most tracks brings a new touch to the transient band's sound.  Check out the menacing intro to &quot;Johnny Blade&quot; with Bill Ward's 'go-gettem' drumming.  &quot;Junior's Eyes&quot; is a brooding yet beautiful song.  Heck, I don't know what it is about this album specifically, it's just a great collection of songs on the whole.  Don't get me wrong - it's no Paranoid or Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, it's still a hell of a good record.  On the whole, it's a satisfying portrait of Ozzy's last stand with the ground-breaking doom-metal band he rose to fame with.  I highly recommend this album - the foursome's final voyage together.  Additionally, it seems as if Tony Iommi - guitarist and only remaining original member - took t! his album's title a little too seriously.  Black Sabbath is still around, but they're not a shade of what they used to be.  Get &quot;Never Say Die&quot; and remember them for the great stuff they gave us when Ozzy was with them.
0688002307|5.0|IF YOU CAN UNDERSTAND/RELATE TO THIS BOOK, THEN THERE IS NOT A RATING HIGH ENOUGH YOU CAN GIVE!!
B000002NJS|5.0|Ray of Light the album is one of the best I've listened to in years.  The songs take on the persona of independence and how people should take nothing for granted.  Track 3 Ray Of Light takes the crop with its fast beats and nonstop feel.  Track 9 Frozen is just a musical masterpiece.  A big recommend!!!
0385474547|5.0|The prose is simple an unpretensious.  The story is very moving, with complex characters and plot elements.  What I most appreciate about this novel is that it is so well balanced.  It is not a diatribe against English colonialism like it could have been.  Achebe doesn't romantacize Ibo life before the English came, nor does he condemn the changes which were wrought after.  He objectively descibes the transition of a society when elements of another culture are introduced to it.  For some like Okwonkwo the effect is devastating, others such as Okwonko's son welcome the change. He leaves it up to the reader to decide what is good or bad.
B0000026WD|5.0|Michael Jackson proudest moment came when he released the Dangerous CD.  With it's new-jack swing appeal to it rock appeal, the CD should be enjoyed.  <br />The CD does not contain any classic hits, so in retrospect, it did not get the acclaim it deserved.  What makes this CD a standout is that every song has merit.
0380973634|5.0|Neal Gaiman's graphic novel series The Sandman is possibly this quarter century's best answer to  The Lord of the Rings.  Neverwhere is its best  answer to The Hobbit.  Darker, more intense and more sophisticated in some ways than Tolkein's work, it is every bit as literate and allusive.   I hope to God he keeps it up.
B000002C4J|5.0|Lets Talk About Love is a great Album i love to listen to it. It sets a great mood for when i go to sleep,relax,or even clean house.There is no exception with any song they are all equally excellent. Celine Dion is a very excellent talented artist and excellent role model.
B000001FA4|5.0|this album is not evaluated very good by critics probably because it contains one of the worst songs u2 has ever made(like 'evis presley and america'). but it's also true that this album has the best song of u2(i would say the best of all thoughout the rock history), 'bad'!. other songs like 'pride' and 'the unforgettable fire' are such great songs that you never want to miss. this is a must-have album for every music lover.
B000002KBU|5.0|&quot;Blue&quot; is an absolutely amazing piece of work.  That's all that needs to be said.  If I need to convince anyone of Joni's brilliance, then they first must be convinced to breathe.
B000002KLZ|4.0|More than a live album, Fleetwood Mac Live is a chronicle of the evolution of Fleetwood Mac.  While all of the songs are performed by the &quot;Rumours&quot;-era band, the songs span from wonderful versions of their hits (&quot;Dreams&quot;, &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot;, &quot;Don't Stop&quot;) to new songs (&quot;Fireflies&quot;, &quot;The Farmer's Daughter&quot;, &quot;One More Night&quot;) to Peter Green's blues (&quot;Oh Well&quot;).  But no matter the song, one thing stands out:  Fleetwood Mac was a great band.  Each song is near-perfect or at least very good. Finally to top off a wonderful album, the only song from the Buckingham Nicks album released (other than &quot;Crystal&quot; on the self-titled white album in 1975 and &quot;Long Distance Winner&quot; on Stevie Nicks' &quot;Enchanted&quot; box set in 1998), &quot;Don't Let Me Down Again&quot;, is included and is amazing.  That alone is worth the price of admission, but the rest of the classic tunes ensure that!  the album gets a lot of play on your CD player.
0140157352|5.0|How can you improve the way you handle confict situations?  What are the steps in achieving a 'win-win' outcome?  This book helps you identify your (&amp; the other party's) interests, options, standards, and BATNA (best alternative to a negotiated agreement). We applied this principled approach at a Alternative Dispute Resolution class offered at NYIT to Human Resource Management graduate students. During the semester we used exercises &amp; simulations to negotiate workplace, community &amp; family conflicts.  With each case the principled approach helped us examine the causes &amp; consequences of disputes and helped us find creative solutions.
B000000QG8|5.0|I still remember attending a Jethro Tull concert in the 70's with an opening act of an irishman named Rory Gallagher who I had never heard of at the time. I was so blown away that I left midway through Tulls set to try and find an open record shop. I have owned much of Rory Gallaghers music since that time. Irish Tour '74 is the definitive Rory Gallagher masterpiece. Of particular note is &quot;Walk on hot coals&quot;. While it is generally hard to listen to one track which is more than 11 minutes long,you will find yourself replaying this one. In the past,some critics have made the statement that Rory Gallagher is as good a guitar player as Clapton, Page,etc. I think they are wrong. Clapton and Page were almost as good as Rory Gallagher! Give this particular CD a listen and I know you will agree. We miss you, Rory.
0671015206|4.0|This book provides very important and basic advice on how to accumulate wealth.  The value of reading this book is in its emphasis of the importance of living below your means, saving probably much more money than you are doing now, and not trying to keep up with the Joneses, who are probably on their way to bankruptcy.  However, they almost go too far in shunning the average rich person who actually likes to have fun.
B000003CKH|5.0|Well, after tireless investigation, I was able to figure out who did that &quot;the distance&quot; song. That is the first song that has ever inspired me to run an extra lap or two after soccer practice. Energy-packed album. You'll love it.
0684874350|2.0|I gave up after the first couple chapters.  The Irish twang was annoying, the story was BORING! I bought the book because it was The Strand's (bookstore in Manhattan) number one seller, plus a Pulitzer winner, so I figured I'd give it a try. I still don't undertand what all the hype was about.  I guess if you were dirt poor and Irish at one time, then you could relate-but I got NOTHING from this book-not even an entertaining read.
B000002MY3|4.0|ALANIS HITS THE TARGET FOR THE FEELINGS OF WOMEN.  EVERY SONG IS WHAT I FEEL OR FELT AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER. THE ONLY SONG I DON'T LIKE IS 'IRONIC' BECAUSE NOTHING IN THE SONG REPRESENTS IRONY.
B000006OAM|5.0|Natalie Merchant.. How can I summarize into words her greatness.. She just keeps evolving, and becoming more and more brilliant.  Now, I wont deny that some of the songs are kinda depressing. But that should not stop anyone from buying this terrific CD. Most of the songs start out quiet, and if you're listening to it for the first time you may even say the songs are &quot;boring&quot;. But just keep listening. The songs build and build. Her voice becomes stronger, and the music, mostly orchestrated, comes to life. By the end of the song you find yourself hypnotized. Its indescribable. Most of the songs give me goosebumps. Her voice is chilling and always mesmerizing. The songs never get old. Buy this cd. You will treasure it.
B000002MY3|5.0|This is the best CD in the universe! The music is unbelievable, the words really reach to you and anyone can relate to the difficult, repressed issues that Alanis released in her amazing album. If you still don't have this CD you MUST buy it, words can't begin to describe how it will affect you in the most amazing way. If you adore Alanis, please visit our site, Planet Alanis (look it up in the search engines) it's the hippest, biggest, most up to date Alanis site on the net! It has the latest news, pictures, interaction, columns, archives, sounds, lyrics, and much much more. We hope you'll come visit us!
B000002UWP|5.0|I've always adored Roxette, and this is my favortie album. It's plain rock, and if you like their hits Joyride, Fading Like A Flower, or others, you'll love it, too. It's got songs for every point in a relationship--Hotblooded or Soul Deep for when you're in love; Spending My Time or Things Will Never Be The Same for when you've lost a love; and just great rocking tunes like Joyride or Small Talk. As Siskel and Ebert would say, two thumbs up!
0399142851|4.0|Patricia Cornwell is a brilliant author, making an easy to read murder mystery fascinating and page turning.  I have only read a few of the Kay Scarpetta stories, but I have enjoyed them all.  This one is not a disappointment.
B0000089N1|5.0|I have always been a Stabbing Westward fan. From the release of Ungod to the depths of Wither, blister, burn, and peel, I notice the pure and raw emotion that emits from the music. It tells itself in a story, never stopping from one track to the next, one album to the next. Always becoming its unbecoming. As I listen to this, feelings arise that would otherwise be difficult to deal with. This album makes it seem as though my feelings are shared, and understood. Its a great CD, and shows growth of the band as a whole.
B000002LK1|5.0|I have owned this CD 3 different times...the first one was stolen from me...the second one a friend borrowed and &quot;forgot&quot; to return it... I love this CD...if I had to own only one this would be it. &quot;The Policy of Truth&quot; is an awesome song that gets overlooked. Lots of dancibility.....
B000002NJS|5.0|THE CD IS A PLEASURE TO LISTEN TO AND  OFFERS FRESH SOUNDING HARMONYS OF VOICE AND MUSIC.
B0000032LS|5.0|I had fallen in love with the soundtrack well before I had ever seen the movie. The songs are definately original and the voice of Richard O'Brian unique. The songs contain an array of emotions from the upbeat Time Warp to the deep thoughts of Super Heros. This CD is a must for any Rocky Horror fan or anyone who is even just curious as to what all the hype is about.
1568493207|4.0|Pynchon is poetic, razor-sharp, and funny.<br />Lot 49 is an odd trip into the world of a woman who is not quite sure who she is or what all the answers mean.  Believe me, after reading this book I know how she feels.  I gave this book four stars for the sometimes ethereal prose that comes with it.  I didn't give it five stars because of its intrinsic difficulty to get through.  However,  if you are ready for something strangely wonderful and not just the average mindless fluff, give this book a try.  It will make you want to read it more than once.
B000002UAO|5.0|This album is probably only my fourth or fifth favorite beatles album.  That still ranks it among the top 25 albums ever.  Buy it-or go dust off that Herman's Hermits LP and drool contentedly.
078322608X|5.0|If you're a Bruce Willes fan, than don't expect the 'usual' Bruce in this movie! He plays a 'different' role in a 'different' movie. The first 30-60 minutes of 12 Monkeys may be a bit confusing, but it makes the plot enjoyable complex after you've seen the ending of the movie. If you like some sci-fi and a good plot to think about afterwards: This is it!! The documentary 'The Making of 12 Monkeys' on the same disc is worth to see, it makes you understand the plot of 12 Monekys even better.     END
B00000016N|5.0|I love the Doors and this has got to be one of their best cd's.  The Doors will live on forever. They're the coming of age.  If you love the Doors you'll love this one.  Your still kicking Morrison!
B000002AEN|5.0|Mississippi John Hurt is the Steely Dan of Delta Blues - his rough and raw lyrics are spread over beautiful technically-fluid music.  It takes you by surprise!  His music actually mines more folk than blues, as &quot;Aint No Tellin'&quot; and &quot;Candy Man Blues&quot; show.  Still, his gangster ballads &quot;Stack O' Lee&quot; and &quot;Louis Collins&quot; cut as deep as any blues from that time.  &quot;Got The Blues (Can't Be Satisfied)&quot; is the grandfather of the Rolling Stones' like-titled song, and it's devestating.  If you find gravelly-voiced, guitar-string-busting Delta Blues not to your taste (or even if you do),  you'll like this album!
B000002GYI|5.0|In 81, when I was 15, I bought Computerworld. Instantly, I was seduced by the band's aesthetic. And others were two. This is the album that Bambaataa sampled, that helped birth electro, hip-hop, house and all the other post-rock genres.<br />But why is it so affecting? Partly it's the brilliance of the *sounds.* Sounds I'd never heard anywhere before juxtaposed with found Speak &amp; Spell voices and Casio VL Tone presets (also used on the Human League's 'Dare'). The lyrics are also  classic Kraftwerk. Spare, direct and almost hysterical with softness, they are the antithesis of the commodified ROCK swagger of macho lies. Computer Love is the most beautiful love song ever, even if it's only indirectly about humans.<br />In 1998, this album still sounds fresh and inspiring where electronic music from last year sounds stale and hollow. Only Kraftwerk could ever do that. And this is their finest work.
B000000WCA|5.0|I think the Spice girls CD is a very very good CD. I thought it was one of the best Cds I have ever had. More people should get this CD because of its UP beat music good songs and of course (who could forget,THE SPICE GIRLS!!!)I definitly recommand this CD. It definitly is the kind of cd wear you just have to drop what you are doing and SPICE UP YOU'RE LIFE!
B000001FAU|5.0|&quot;TAROT WOMAN&quot;, I don't know how can I run with the wolf. Do you close your eyes when you see a light in the black ? Blague &agrave; part, je ne comprends pas pourquoi Ritchie, Cozy et Ronnie n'ont pas r&eacute;enregistr&eacute; &quot;Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow&quot; apr&egrave;s CA ! C'est un album dense, &eacute;pais et qui s'avale d'un trait mais ayez l'estomac solide parce que le cerveau ne vous pardonnera pas de passer &agrave; ct&eacute; de cette lame de fond, surgie de l'Abme ! A vos oreilles !
0451191153|5.0|The Fountainhead, above all things, is a brutal vision of the world.  I was torn by this book.  Introduced to me by a bitter English teacher who had taken objectivism to his heart and soul, this novel kept me reading, without food or sleep, for two days.  I cannot say that it is the greatest book I have ever read, for I have read better, but I can say that after reading The Fountainhead I could not help but think about the world, about my friends, and, most frightening of all, about myself, in a whole new light.  Ayn Rand will make of the most torpid idiot, with a single brilliant, vicious stroke, a philosopher.  I suggest you read Atlas Shrugged, and look for the description of Atlas, shoulders dripping blood, tears streaming from his eyes, bearing the world upon his shoulders.  Rand believes, above all, in the ultimate greatness of man.  A few hundred pages is a small prize to pay to share in her belief.
0802130208|5.0|The Confederacy of Dunces is one of the best satires I have ever read. All though the rumors suggest that perhaps J.K. Toole was, in fact, a fictional persona created by W. Percy, this book is a work of art.
B000002MY3|5.0|There are people out there who say that Alanis Morissette is just whining; her songs aren't that good, her voice grates, and who wants to hear her problems anyway?  I think those people should take a closer look.<br />Co-written though the lyrics may be, the feeling is real.  She's expressing herself in a way that is good for her and the people who listen to her music.  When you're angry, there's nothing more satisfying than angry music.<br />I'll concede that Alanis' voice grates, but it is raw, untrained, and powerful.  I like it that way.  You could say it contributes to the overall tone of her music.<br />Who wants to listen to Alanis whine?  Anyone who wants to feel better about the way their life is going.  Anyone who wants to think about what she's talking about.  Anyone who wants to release anger.  The question is: who *doesn't* want to hear her whine?<br />So take a moment.  You have the CD; listen to it and think about it.
B000001ES4|5.0|Experience a REUNION with your soul.  Let this ethereal violin wrap your entire being in its tenderness, in its soaring, in its reflection. If you loved Songs from a Secret Garden, you'll rejoice in White Stones.  Music to play EVERYDAY. It caresses your very being.
1573226521|5.0|The perfect book for a visit to Southeast Asia (real or imagined). I have never read such an accurate picture of the world-traveler backpacker culture--including the &quot;Lonely Planet&quot; guides.  I can only imagine how many copies of &quot;The Beach&quot; are circulating in the used-book stalls of Bangkok, Bali and Kathmandu. The story is also a wonderful mix of literature and trash. Not as lofty a book as the blurbs would have you believe, but a whole lot better than most.
1573225517|4.0|This book reminds me why I always preface conversations in record stores with &quot;You know, I'm not that type of record collector. Really, I'm not.&quot;
0875845851|5.0|A thoroughly readable and enjoyable book with the author bringing new insight into an extensively researched area.
0131103628|5.0|This is the best book written on C,or for any programming language for that matter, in the words of its authors &quot;C is a small language, and is not served well by a big book&quot;.  And served it is.  Reading and comprehending the material in this book, followed by doing the excercises and making use of the appendices will help you become a good C programmer. As a UNIX systems engineer, I find this book to be invaluable, and I carry it with me in my briefcase so as to have the masters K&amp;R by my side when I code.
0679729895|4.0|This series of stories reads more like a series of writing-projects.  Some are well done -- with original ideas, subtle weavings throughout that lead to an impressive and twisted end.  Others are poorly done -- with unoriginal ideas, contrived plots, and obvious (or stupid) &quot;endings-with-a-twist.&quot;<br />Worth buying and reading for all Dahl fans (and most other folks) particularly if you're interested in seeing what happens when Dahl is not at his best.<br />Some of these were adapted for a TV series.  I believe that the &quot;Man from the South&quot; TV episode was mentioned in Quentin Tarantino's skit in the movie &quot;Four Rooms&quot;
1878574590|5.0|This tale is one of the most emotional stories to pass over a books pages. A man, who shows the dark side of humanity shows what we all want to gain, undying love. Yes, he was used, but that doesn't matter. He loves just the same. He gives everything he has to avenge the woman he loves. Though he doesn't believe it, he is a hero, but the darkest mankind has ever seen. He is in a war against the world, and as one friend stated in A Dame To Kill For, the world has to kill him, it has noe place for him. Anyone who denies the emotion in this book missed something big. Great job to Frank Miller for making us care about the most brutal, evil, white knight to ever walk the earth.
0670880728|5.0|Bridget Jones rocks! It's the funniest book I've read in a while, and when she's talking about feeling like the odd woman out at parties being a &quot;Singleton&quot; I nodded my head-understanding how she felt. The only thing that worked my nerves was she called 131 pounds &quot;fat&quot; but that's so minor. A great read.
067942850X|5.0|After enjoying Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer I decided to read Into the Wild which I had also heard was good. Into the Wild did turn out to be a fabulous book; even better than Into Thin Air in my opinion. Krakauer gave a great insight into the decesion making-process of this young man. Though it was not always a page-turner in the normal sense of the word it was very addicting and I ended up reading it all on a trans-continental flight. Enjoy reading!!!
B000002MK8|5.0|I LOVE this CD!! This is by far my favorite CD.  Every song (except number 13) you can sing along with!  And with the audience in the background clapping and all makes you want to do that same!
B000000IRM|4.0|There is no comparison to the MCA release. MoFi has done it's usual first-rate job in remastering this gem. The bass is punchier (Honky Cat), the vocals more upfront (Mona Lisa and Mat Hatters) and the piano bright and clean. Considering the recording is 26 years old, the lack of tape hiss is just short of amazing.  <br />The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is the comparison I make to other MoFi releases like &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; and &quot;Innervisions.&quot; <br />Well worth buying for EJ fans even if you already have it on MCA or Rocket.
B0000025KI|5.0|What must be highlighted is the title track.  The River is an analysis of the struggle between our expectations of ourselves, which at a young adult age, are really the expectations of our community.  I listen to this song 20 times in a row because of the point in the song where the speaker wonders why the feelings as an older adult have changed so much from youth.  A question we must all ask ourselves &quot;Now those memories come back to haunt me/they haunt me like a curse/is a dream a lie if it don't come true; or is it something worse.&quot;  We must live to our fullest not succomb to our fears.
B0000042MY|5.0|This is a wonderful CD - it is one of those that you will listen to over and over !!!
B000002NFM|5.0|This one will definetly give your back a massage. It puts your speakers hard to work.Its a lot harder than their previous CD's.A lot of rock influence on this too.But dont pass it up.
B000002UC5|5.0|I loved the McCartney album when it came out in 1970, and I still play it regularly on CD. In fact, I like it so much that I mentally clump it along with the Beatles' albums. I also think that it is the best thing that McCartney recorded since the Beatles. People whine about how it isn't up to the production value of Sgt. Pepper. However, because of its production simplicity, the tracks hold up very well 30 years later, and in fact it sound much less dated than most things from 1970. Given the timing of the compositions, it's spooky listening to the songs thinking how close they came to actually being Beatles tunes. From that perspective, they are much closer in style to the White Album songs than they are to the Beatles' final works on Abbey Road.
0140001115|5.0|The hound of the Baskervilles is a book where Conan Doyle shows how creative he are and how perfect is his knowing of mixing policial literature with an astonishing narrative. Brillant, a masterpiece which honour the author's title of Sir.
B000002B1M|4.0|The King has return with his 2nd album.  This album is not as good as Illmatic but it is still worth buying.  Nas still spits those intricate lyrics which made him known as the Best Lyricist in hip hop.  A noticeable change on this album compared to his debut is the production.  The beats on the album try to appeal to a broader fan base.  Obviously it worked because the album went Double Platnium in two months.  Some of the phat tracks are &quot;The Message,&quot; which is sort of like the skills he displayed on Illmatic.  &quot;I Gave You Power&quot; is another great song.  Nas takes on the personality of a gun in that song.  &quot;Take it in Blood&quot; is a banging track.  &quot;Affirmative Action&quot; is probably one of The Firm's best songs they ever did together as a group.  &quot;The SetUp&quot; is an engaging story on how Nas takes care of these thugs who disrespect his peoples.  &quot;Black Girl Lost&quot; is another good song that talks about the troubles Bla! ck women face in today's world.  &quot;Live N*gga Rap&quot; is song that will get your adrenaline rushing.  It features fellow QB rhymeslayers Mobb Deep.  Overall this album is good.  You won't be disappointed
B000002NJS|5.0|madonna has always been cool...but this tops it! she looks and sounds hot! the break beat totally rocks!
B000002H6C|5.0|AND JUSTICE FOR ALL is the tightest, fastest, most headbangin CD to date from the greatest metal band, of this era, and quite arguably of all time. Once again, the boys have managed to out do themselves without comprimising their musical integrity to please bigtime record ecec's. With songs like BLACKENED, FRAYED ENDS OF SANITY, and DYERS EVE, METALLICA has created some of the fastest, cleanest, hardhitting metal tracks in history. I have been a METALLICA fan since the days they played some very small venues and have collected just about everything that has been put out bootleg or otherwise, and I have got to say that this CD rates right at the top. YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH THIS ONE. IT IS A MUST BUY!!!
B000002N9L|5.0|The most underrated Funk and Roll album no one ever heard. This cd made me turn off my radio for good ( Repeated hits don't get my juices flowing). Dinner With Delores, Title track, I Will( featuring bakground vocals by Rosie Gaines) were killer tracks that were slept on by the radio. Get this one before it's out of print.<br />Peace Xes Cainam
B0000029GA|5.0|This album is one of the greatest hip hop album ever made.  Nas kicks a fluid flow, laced with complex lyrics to design rhymes that boggles the mind.  Nas is truly the greatest emcee ever.  If you consider yourself to be a true fan of hip hop you better have this album in your collection of cd's
B000002L7R|5.0|The complete fantasy scape of a lifetime. When I heard this album for the first time I had no doubt that Prince would stand the test of time. We all know about Raspberry Beret and Pop Life, but Tamborine,The Title Track and Paisley Park are just killer tracks. Raw and untamed. Funky and Psychadelic. This album got me through some rough times in Junior High. That why I put it up there with Sign O The Times as classic Prince at his wildest and sexiest. Good performances all around on this one. Check it out!!!<br />Peace  Xes Cainam
0451450523|5.0|Only very rarely does one come across a book that completely captivates the reader and takes him into its world so completely as this book does. I saw the film first while I was in school, and although I liked it, I didn`t expect too much from the book, even though its author had written the script for the film. But, what a revelation! I have been fascinated by many books, but only this one took me into its spell so much that I had to take it to school with me and keep on reading between classes... A must-read, if there is any such thing.
0671015206|4.0|If you want a book to tell you your spending habits are justifiable, this book is not for you.   If you are willing to learn what habits helped make wealthy people wealthy, read on.  There is a difference between high income, and wealth.  The wealthy are such because they save, spend wisely, and don't care about highly-visible consumptive lifestyles.  The millionaires discussed would never make it on &quot;Lifestyles&quot; of the you-know-who.  It wouldn't serve their interests.  After reading this book, I question if anyone on &quot;Lifestyles&quot; really is wealthy.  This book is more about attitude, than investing.  If you're young, read the book.  If you're older, it's too late to make it.  Good charts and statistics back up all analysis.
B000002KHF|5.0|Moondance is a beautiful song in every respect - it brings together all the aspects of youthful and aging love - it is everlasting.
B000006NPY|5.0|The best album The Smashing Pumpkins have ever created! This albums proves the Pumpkins are one of the most versatile and talented rock bands of our era. Every song is beautiful and unique. Anyone, alterna fan or not, who appreciates spectacular music should buy this album now!
B000006NPY|4.0|It needs a good edit. After hearing MCATIS I was given to agree that Billy Corgan was God, but now perhaps he is a mere mortal. This sounds suspiciously like a bunch of songs that weren't quite good enough for MCATIS- Odd glimpses of genius that might have been. Still gets a lot of play at my place, but it takes listening and isn't really a party rocking piece....
B000005B0U|5.0|Although the movie is not really worth going to, the music is once again really great. For those who are hesitating between the movie and the soundtrack, just stick to the soundtrack !!
0345350499|5.0|This book got me interested in Arthurian novels, and this is by far the best one I have ever read. It shows the legends of King Arthur from the women's point of view. It is well written and you really feel the characters felings.
1573225517|5.0|Utterly unfair. When will a woman write a book as decimatingly accurate about their own gender as this one is about men? But at the same time, the majority of this book applies to women as well -- in fact, a woman I briefly dated gave it to me to read. Another woman I talked to about it remarked at how similar Rob was to herself. I think the writer is just so damn accurate that he nails human nature -- period. And, he does an excellent job of crafting an unreliable narrator. All the while after his breakup, Rob insists it doesn't even make his top 5 dramatic breakups. He keeps insisting this up to and through the point where he finds himself weeping at a bar to a Peter Frampton song -- whom he detests. You've got to read this book. Period.
B000001E18|5.0|its funny to see how U2 fans usually despise these album, because it was supposed to be some sort of ACHTUNG BABY part II. The truth is, that ZOOROPA is my favourite U2 album. Listening to that strange cyberpunk melody--zooropa, with Bonos voice sounding as dark as ever is so great. And what about &quot;Stay (faraway, so close!)&quot;, I think only &quot;one&quot; (Achtung baby) and &quot;with or without you&quot; can compare to that beautiful, simple song. So listen to the zooropa album and realise that it is incredible that such an album was made in 93, when it actually should have been done in 98
0790731894|3.0|This is a tight little thriller that you might have missed. Somehow it missed at the box office -- though it didn't bomb -- but this movie manages to create suspense and doesn't drive you crazy with plot inconsistencies. I don't know if it's worth buying, but it's a very enjoyable movie. Just as good as the cameo by Seagal is the supporting turn by the scene-stealing Oliver Platt.     END
B000001EAQ|3.0|although U2 cant possibly make a bad album, POP doesn#t follow the same astonishing path the two previous 90s recordings had opened. &quot;Achtung baby&quot;(91) and &quot;zooropa&quot; (93) were completely unpredictable and sounded completely new. this time U2 doesnt surprise as much, as we had previously listened to songs like &quot;mofo&quot;. Yet, their live act, &quot;POPMART&quot; is absolutely incredible, and its basic for you to know this album. These songs live sound completely different, and U2 doest dissapoint at all
0380018179|4.0|This is one of the books I read in my midteen that affected my view point and value for love.  Ralgh is the most ideal male in the world for woman I think until he discarded his meggie.  But still he is such a perfect man who I will never really understand. His intelligence and ellegance will be devastating for almost every woman and his love to Meggie, a sweet little girl is so adorable.  The fact that he chose HIS lord made me wonder what love really is.  Does he love her or does he not.  That confuses me.  But still it is so remarkale when they meet each other at the end of the story. Is all the sacrifice and exteme pain of the thorn bird worth evething they get at the end?  I can't tell the answer. I wish you would enjoy the book.
B000001FY7|5.0|The most soothing and gentle of Bob Marley's albums, &quot;Kaya&quot; exhibits the easy-going side of reggae's most popular activist.
0670880728|3.0|The attraction of Bridget Jones's Diary is evident in its name:  it's a diary, a private book that social custom decrees should be safe from prying eyes.  This novel's premise appeals to the voyeur in all of us.  However, I can't find it the scream that so many of its fans do.  After so many pages, Jones's wittering on about her weight climbing a pound or two or her smoking 20 as opposed to 7 cigarettes was merely annoying and pathetic.  This impression was the author's intention, hopefully, but the joke wears thin. Preferable are Sue Townsend's Adrian Mole diaries for sheer comedy and greater insight into human nature.  Read Bridget Jones's diary, if you must, but only a copy from your local public library.  I don't believe it's worth the $24 price to buy it.
0316920045|5.0|I already reviewed this book once, but I got to let those people here who loved this novel in one the book's &quot;secret.&quot; David Foster Wallace teaches Lit classes at the University I attend and after reading IJ for the first time, I had many questions for him. Instead of answering them, he pointed out in my ideas where I was on the right and then suggested I read the novel again. I did and loved it even more the second time. <br />The reason I'm writing is this...David (excuse me, Mr. Wallace) let the class in on the book's ending. Impressive! <br />David requested that I not post the &quot;secret&quot; on this page but I am free to explain and discuss with individuals who care to e-mail me and find out more. <br />Damn, what a twist!<br />E-mail if you'd like.
0679729895|3.0|I really love Roald Dahl, but this book is my least favorite.  His short stories are constructed with wonderful and &quot;unexpected&quot; twists.  Written several decades ago, the stories are still higly relevant.<br />If you're looking for good characterization, don't read this book.  Dahl's characters tend to be quite one-dimensional in these stories.  This is particularly true with female characters.<br />The book begins strong, but I found myself grateful when I reached the last story.  While most of the stories are good and worthwhile, a few are downright boring.
B000002ULS|5.0|From France, our musical culture is to pay a lot of attention to the texts... And with B &amp; S, no doubt it is creative, imaginative, sensitive and above all sensible
B000002NHN|5.0|Yes, this is a Celtic inspired album, but the music and the tone are at times more Middle Eastern than traditional Celtic (&quot;Prolgue&quot; &amp; &quot;Marco Polo&quot; for example). Ms. McKennett does what Michael Flatley did in &quot;Riverdance&quot;, that the Celtic influence is everywhere. For those McKennett fans expecting her usual style, this is a growth, yet departure from the deeply traditional tones of before. For those Celtic fans expecting Enya, this is not the album for you. Her lyrics and music make this a keepsake for any music or Celtic collection.
B000006OAM|5.0|I have only two gripes with Ophelia.  1) There's not much as far as variety.  2) Effigy is bad.<br />Having said that, I really enjoy this CD.  It's a solid offering that showcases her voice as well has her writing talents.  While variety is nice, it's not what she obviously intended and I prefer to look at the CD based on what it is rather than what I want to see.  I've noticed a lot criticize it for not being what they would have done.<br />I especially like Life Is Sweet, My Skin and The Living.  The duets (if you can call them that) with Karen Peris are very good also.  I could do without Effigy, though.  If I wanted to hear a Tibetan woman try to screech out a song I would go to Tibet.  Even so, it's not enough to dim my enthusiasm for this album, which is my first by Merchant.
B000002H97|5.0|I have listened to &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot; and &quot;Holier Than Thou&quot; about 1000 times each. Each time I enjoy them more. Each time I become more enwrapped by the philosophies underlying these two songs.   &quot;Back to a better day...hair standing on the back of my neck...&quot;<br />&quot;Arrogance and ignorance go hand in hand...&quot;<br />To me, as a non-heavy-metal music fan, finding such powerful thoughts in Metallica lyrics have made me a devote Metallica and Hetfield/Ulrich fan; these guys are pysychiatrists, philantropists, philosophers, and oh yes, MUSICIANS.<br />In Pittsburgh recently I saw Hetfield singing &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot; while he punished his six guitars; what energy; what enthusiasm! This band RULES!!!!!
B000002ULS|5.0|Are you fed up with the crap that's permeating around radio and mtv, then why don't you give this album a try? i stumbled onto this album on a hunch and i ended up loving it so much. There's plenty of very catchy songs with wonderful lyrics here like &quot;me and the major,&quot; &quot;seeing other people&quot; and other gems. I can say that this album is absolutely wonderful from start to finish, which is more than you can say for the average hit album wherein there are only one or two good songs and the rest are filler.  DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!
0425163407|5.0|Dr. Kay Scarpetta's biggest fear is that, after all the violence that she has seen in her career, it would be a disease, a silent killer, that would end her life.  In this mystery, the reader saw a new side of her and a possible change in her life.  After seven prior books featuring this strong, main character, Cornwell is continuing to provide fresh and exciting stories with characters that continue to grow.  Here Scarpetta was scared, cried and lost her temper as she dealt with an invisible killer.  Her relationship got stronger and more clearer with Benton Wesley as she got closure on an old love.  As Scarpetta investigated what she first thought was an other act of serial murder, Cornwell took us through some abrupt twists and turns that made this a well-crafted mystery.
B0000013GV|5.0|The album is phat, real and straight to the truth.  Life is all about the time you spend with your loved ones.  It's not about all that materialistic stuff like, who has the best of whatever.  It's straight up truth.
B000006NPY|5.0|I have been a fan since their debut with Gish.  They are consistently the freshest band and Billy Corgan is genuis.  I do a radio show featuring them and you can bet that this album will get a lot of airplay.
0679460063|2.0|I am definitely a PC fan. I have read every book that she has written. This one was a big disappointment. The ending made no sense at all. I hope first time readers will not give up on this wonderfully talented writer.
B000002GMT|5.0|There is only one reason to buy this album:  &quot;I do, I do, I do, I do, I do&quot;.  Forget what you heard.  It is the BEST!!!  It is soulful, searching, rhythmic, catchy.  IT IS NOT CLOYING, no matter what anybody says.  If you don't like it, you have to get your ears tuned.  Listen to it twenty or fifty times and you WON'T BE SORRY!
B000003S2K|5.0|Brian Eno literally invented the term &quot;Ambient Music&quot; some twenty-odd years ago, and this record was his greatest accomplishment in the genre.  Truly delightful in either foreground or background, this is Eno putting his money with his theoretical mouth is.  A masterful blend of art and theory!
0802130208|1.0|Confederacy of Dunces is one of the worst books I've ever read.  It certainly did not live up to its billing.  I found the book dated, and lacking humor in today's society (that of course assumes it was humorous when it was written).  The humor is distasteful and offensive.  There is nothing madcap about the adventures of Ignatious Reilly--he is simply a pathetic overweight individual.  I am sorry that I wasted money buying this book.
B000002HMH|5.0|This album is great because it has great sound and is great to get ready for a football game or  to wrestle in a match. This cd got me ready for anything I wanted to do. This is # 1 on my list and it should be on your # 1 list too so listen to it. You won't regret it.<br />           Thanks             JpH
B000002NFM|5.0|As far as I am concerned, the album stands alone.  It just sounds good, who cares about what it is supposed to be or what scene it is &quot;ruining&quot;.
0449227421|4.0|Ken Follett has developed a plot wrapped around modern issues of test tube children and computer data bases.  The characters bumble around a little too much to give the book a five star rating, but it is a well written novel of modern times.  A secondary theme is the issue of academic freedom and the manipulations within a major research university.  Well worth reading.
0679460063|3.0|Patricia Cornwell typically writes an intriguing mystery - right up to the last ten pages.  It is almmost as if she runs out of steam and just slaps together an ending in order to make a deadline. By the way, am I the only one who knows how to spell chamois?
B000002GFC|5.0|When you listen to &quot;Sunshine of Your Love&quot; and &quot;Crossroads&quot; you will damn the day this group disbanded so early. The bluesmen Jack Bruce, Baker and Clapton are by far the best trio in the history of rock and roll.
0425107469|4.0|I was a little disappointed in this book after hearing so many people rave about it. The characters, plot, and prose are very wooden and totally predictable. Still, the premise (scary monster stalks super-smart, lovable dog) and the hollywood-style plot are enough to make the book an engaging and wholly enjoyable read.
B000002JEV|5.0|When you play it you will feel like if you were in one of those live concerts. Plant's interpretation of Inmigrant Song is just suberb.
0684800713|5.0|I was forced to read this book in high school, and it did nothing for me, but as an adult I think it is incredible.  The Sun Also Rises is probably my favorite Hemingway book.  It has almost no plot to speak of, but the characters and the interactions between them are great.  I don't recommend using this for high school students, though, because I don't think most will appreciate the subtlety (even smart ones).
0465068359|4.0|A very good book for those interested in another perspective of WWII, that of the occupied Chinese. Ms.Chang presents a well written and well documented account of the occupation of Nanking by the Japanese Army.  It can be a little graphic (to warn those sensitive ones out there), but to understand what the people of Nanking went through it must be graphic.  We always hear about the war from the US, the European, and even the Japanese view.  This book opens a new perspective that's worth exploring.
0440224764|4.0|John Grisham's story telling is incredible here. This book had so many different little twists and turns that you have to continue reading it right on through. The ending becomes a little upsetting, you hope for something else and get let down, but still worth the money. MUST READ!
0684833395|5.0|Joseph Heller's one great hit was a truly amazing story that depicts both the good and bad aspects of war rather well (although it is a little light on the bad aspects).  The author fills the book with a cynical and slightly insane attitude that will have the reader rolling on the floor laughing after the second page!  A must read for every good reader.
0399143793|5.0|Another excellent book by Lee Child.  After reading the first book about Jack Reacher, I couldn't wait for the next one.  I was not disappointed.  From the opening pages, when Jack is taken off the streets in a wrong place at wrong time scenario, I was hooked. I read alot of books, all genres, but I really enjoy a good thriller. Mr. Child writes with intelligence and humor, respects the reader with plausible plot and realistic characters.  This is worth the time and money.  Jack Reacher, HURRY BACK!
0812046625|4.0|This book leads you through all conjugations of the two infinitive verb forms.  The only problem is, sometimes, locating the necessary verb is difficult in the index.  I recommend this book for all my students.  It is especially helpful with the command forms.
006091307X|5.0|Thomas Pynchon is crazy, and this book is crazy too. I have read it three times, and each time it feels as if my head becomes foggy and cloudy  and I cannot think striaght about the world or what I am reading.  I still dont know what T.P. is about, or this novel.  But the prose is stellar, and the way Mrs. Maas descends into the nether-world of paranoia and despair is pretty cool.  Also, it is quite funny at times.
0451183770|1.0|Great god!  This novel is written so poorly, ssslllooowww, plodding, dry, dragging, flowery chapters.  For those of you who are searching for a novel rich in literary content, bristling with metaphor and imagery, and full of gripping suspense, you've come to the WRONG place.  This novel possesses none of these.  Take it from me, a seasoned man of literature. If you're searching for strong philosphical ideas, on the other hand, you may have yourself a match! You'll have to possess superhuman patience and the inner desire to remain awake, however.......
B000006CCG|5.0|Thank God (and Amazon) for offering the entire W.A.S.P reissues for sale.  I couldn't find them anywhere else on the Internet.  This is W.A.S.P's first album and still the best.  Wherever and whatever Blackie Lawless is doing these days it has probably already occured to him that if W.A.S.P has any future its key to success lies in the past.  Namely THIS past!  Although every W.A.S.P album is a joy this very first album has it all.  Energy, thunder and the kind of infectious &quot;attutude&quot; that is inherent in the very best and most enduring music of the rock and roll era.  Little Richard had it.  So did Elvis.  So did Bon Scott.  And so does Blackie Lawless and W.A.S.P.  You need a hook.  You need a driving bass (or two).  And you need that indefinable something that grabs and kicks ass.  W.A.S.P. has it in all the reissues but especially in this one.  Blackie says that &quot;Animal&quot; should have been the lead-off tune on this debut album.  Capitol Recor! ds turned thumbs down.  On this reissue Blackie finally gets his wish!  (Those of us who have been W.A.S.P fans from the beginning and who transferred the LP's to cassette tape (for our Walkmans) ALWAYS put &quot;Animal&quot; and &quot;Show No Mercy&quot; ahead of &quot;I Wanna Be...&quot; anyway.) Another bonus track is W.A.S.P.'s cover of &quot;Paint it Black&quot;.  I reccomend this album to anyone who has given up trying to find real rock (or heavy metal) on radio or TV.  Whether you want to &quot;F#$K like a Beast&quot; or mow a lawn under a 105 degree Texas sun...W.A.S.P is the ticket.  The Torture Neeever StOOOPPPS!
B000000I0J|3.0|I'm of two minds with this disc: the first track is among Oldfield's best work ever, while the latter half of the disc is rather cheesy and at times (during Punkadiddle, especially) borderline unlistenable.<br />I give the first side *****, the second *, for an average of ***. Buy it on sale.
B000002TP7|5.0|this album is a must have for any true beastie boys fan.  they are definitely one of the most inventive groups around.  don't buy this cd for 'sabotage' or 'sure shot' [even though they're great songs].  the best tracks are probably 'get it together'[despite its high level of profanity this is by far the best song of the album], 'alright hear this', 'flute loop', and 'do it'.  this cd kicks a** buy it today!
0887308589|5.0|This should be required reading for Business Management majors and executives.  Very funny stuff, and unfortunately for us cubicle-dwellers, much of it rings true.  The chapter on consultants is really hilarious.
B000002J7U|5.0|<br />A welcome addition to his collection, &quot;Voices&quot; takes Vangelis's music into previously unexplored territory.  The simple &quot;melody over beat&quot; style of some of his earlier works has evolved into a more complex synthesis -- subtle orchestrations where melody and backing reach a counterpoint, morphing into one another while retaining their individuality.  The stirring title track expounds the album's central melody, which recurs in later tracks, producing subtle and ingenious variations.  This &quot;variations on a theme&quot; approach gives the album a feeling of connectedness, allowing the tracks to complement one another. The three vocal tracks are a pleasant surprise,  adding variety and depth to the music.  The result is a haunting, powerful, and evocative album which, along with &quot;Direct&quot;, contains some of his best work to date.<br />
B000002J20|5.0|Pretentious--certainly a characterization that is in the eye of the beholder. As someone who found the Elvis and Beatles genres to be tiresome (there are just so many catchy tunes that one can stomach), my exposure to Yes in college was refreshing. I basically came from a household where my mother and I played classical music; some of the Russian classics (Stravinsky, etc) I'm sure were considered pretentious in their time--too many notes, too many tempo changes, etc. My first real exposure to Yes was on the first floor of the Quad at Penn; one of the guys had one Yes album that he played over and over. After the stultifying love songs of the 50s and 60s, and the (at times overly conceited, and generally depressing) protest songs of the same era, it was nice to have someone make music. Tales from Topographic Oceans came out shortly after that, and it was among the series of concept albums that flowed together well. If you want to call it pretentious, then certainly you ! would have to say the Who was pretentious in not only making Tommy as an album, but in dressing-up Elton John in white overalls in the film version. Certainly, it is hard to cast stones at a group and at an album that existed at a particularly pretentious time in American history (just remember the popularity of Igmar Bergman movies at the time!!) And perhaps, if you actually listen to the music, you will find it is not as pretentious as some professional critics...
0517122707|5.0|You'll wish intensely that the author would have stayed with us longer and given us more of his brilliant perspective on life, love, sanity, loneliness and family.  Alas, this and a short novel written as a teenager are all there are to indicate John Kennedy Toole lived and observed a section of life never revealed so well before or since.<br />Without question, Ignatius is one of the great characters of American fiction.  There is a little (only a little, thank God) of Ignatius in all of us and recognizing him will make you laugh uproariously at times and shake your head in pity at others.<br />His long-suffering mother, his dazed and bewildered co-workers and the floatsam and jetsam of New Orleans are truly unique characters.  How many books by white authors feature a truly wise and truly independent African-American character?<br />You'll never forget meeting Ignatius.  He'll creep into your thoughts, your humor and your language.  You'll hear him whenever you feel outraged a! t being forced to live with the rest of us heathens or cheated for someone's inability to see your genius.<br />Finally, you'll recognize that the hilarious and sad life of Ignatius probably mirrored Toole's; and you'll understand why he didn't stay to write more novels.  In a way, that's alright.  He did it right with this one.
B000001FS6|4.0|This album is all over the place, including:<br />1. Live versions of some previously released songs.  For me, the gospel rendition of &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; is the most striking one.<br />2.  One live cover version of a Beatles song, the wretched version of &quot;Helter Skelter.&quot;  (Bono says &quot;Manson stole this song from the Beatles, and now we're stealing it back.&quot;  Yeah...right!  *GAG*)<br />3. Some terrific new originals like &quot;Desire,&quot; &quot;When Loves Comes To Town,&quot; and &quot;Angel Of Harlem.&quot;<br />4. Some really embarrassing new originals like &quot;God Part II,&quot; which was supposed to be dedicated to John Lennon and a blast at pseudo-biographer Albert Goldmen, but it is totally weak in both music and lyrics, especially compared to Lennon's brilliant &quot;God.&quot;  If Lennon were alive, I wonder what his reaction would have been to this and to U2's slaughter of &quot;Helter Skelter,&quot; keeping in min! d that Lennon could have a very quick, caustic wit.<br />5.  Short snippets of stuff like &quot;Star Spangled Banner&quot; by Hendrix and &quot;Freedom For My People&quot; by Sterling Magee that just tend to distract, more than anything.<br />All in all, a mixed bag that could have been shorter and more cohesive, but still one of the greatest collections of U2 songs -- if you skip over the weak stuff.
B000009DUY|5.0|I found John Williams score moving and very reflective.  I also felt a strong Aaron Copland influence, particularly Aaron Copland's \\"Fanfare for the common man\\".  In contrast to the horror of war so well captured by Steven Spielberg in this move, Williams' music reaches out both to the living and the dead who gave their lives so that others might live in freedom.
B000001F7R|4.0|My friends and I in high school became Def Leppard fans because of this album. The real item of interest when this was released was that the guys, except for Joe Elliot, were all teenagers. The drummer, if I recall, was only 16. However, to my ear, the guitar playing and drumming, from a technical standpoint, are better on this album than the follow-ups. I seem to recall the band recorded it in a very short period of time due to budget constraints, which makes it all the more impressive.  Many Def Leppard fans may not like this album because it sounds so different from the band's later work. Joe's vocals don't have the rough edge we're all used to (though they're good). And the songwriting is very different -- very riff oriented. More influenced by UFO than AC/DC. But even if this doesn't sound like the Def Leppard everyone grew to love, the songs are still good. Some, like &quot;Wasted&quot; and &quot;Rock Brigade,&quot; are very good. This release will help fans reali! ze what a huge influence Mutt Lange (and probably AC/DC) had on the band. When it came out, &quot;On Through the Night&quot; stood on its own as a strong British metal release. And when the follow-up, &quot;High and Dry,&quot; came out, we thought we had all died and gone to heaven. . .
B000005YZM|5.0|I had always liked the Zombies' hits, and decided to pick up this album.  What a lost classic this is.  &quot;Time Of The Season&quot; is definitely NOT the only terrific song on here.  There is not one clinker in the bunch.  This album should stand shoulder-to-shoulder with other pop masterpieces of its era.  Instead, it got largely lost in the shuffle.  Pick it up and find out what you've missed.  (By the way, I can't comment on the extra versions and takes.  My CD just has the original versions on it, no extras.  This must be a newer release, with twice as much to listen to.  All the better!!)
0679457313|4.0|Turn to the next page of customer comments and read the 6/21/98 review by &quot;A Syrian Christian.&quot;  She/he says it best.  I loved this book.  A rich and captivating story.  Beautiful and clever use of language.  Radical and poetic observations about class, love, history and childhood.  Characters you want to know better.  The author is very gutsy about allowing humor to coexist with tragedy.  My only regret was that I wasn't satisfied with the ending of the story about Rahel and Esta as adults.  I wanted to know more about them.  Alas.
B000002MG1|3.0|Although this album has more than its share of great R.E.M. classics on it such as &quot;Find The River,&quot; &quot;Sweetness Follows,&quot; and &quot;Nightswimming,&quot; it also has some songs that I just simply can't listen to anymore.  &quot;Man in the Moon&quot; wore out its welcome for me long ago, and its chorus is very weak in my opinion.  &quot;Ignoreland&quot; can be easily ignored as basically a one-note exercise in annoyance.  &quot;Star Me Kitten&quot; (replace the word &quot;star&quot; with a well-worn expletive) is way too self-consciously cloying for my taste.  Yeah, this album is good, but I do not consider it to be the 5-star classic that people are making it out to be.  I'm a big R.E.M. fan, but this one just did not hit me as on a par with works like &quot;Murmur.&quot;
B000003JDA|3.0|This is the best album put out in a long while by any of the big name progressive rock groups from the 1970's who are still active.  That's probably not much of a compliment, but it is a fine effort.  The ethnic influences that abound here give the music an exotic feel at times.  As always, the musicianship is top notch.  Their best since the underated &quot;A&quot;.
B000002UDV|5.0|Thank you, Brian, for giving this remarkable gift to the world.  Pet Sounds has been my favorite album since I first became aware of it back in the mid-1970's when I was a geeky, gawky teenager, unsure of myself and my place in the world.  Pet Sounds told me I wasn't alone.  It has helped me through a lot of tough times and made the good days better.  I defy anyone to listen to Pet Sounds with an open mind and heart and not come away in love with this album.  Music just doesn't get any better than this.
0670880728|1.0|I find it disturbing that so many people seem to &quot;identify&quot; with Bridget's life. If you're neurotic, insecure, self-centered and nasty then it really is no wonder you can't find a mate. Trees are far too valuable to be wasted on this nonsense.
B000002URV|4.0|A great start for Enigma.  If you liked Enigma 2 (cross of changes) then you may not like this cd, but give it a try.  It has it's own fell. Dark, creepy, and sensual.  Less rock sounding.
B000002L99|5.0|Real VH fans know that every CD (or LP, as you wish..) from these guys is different. Van Halen I was Van Halen I; there will not exist another CD like that, and 5150 is 5150 the same way... Songs like &quot;Why cant this be love&quot; and &quot;Dreams&quot; are history, and &quot;5150&quot; simply blows your ears away. Van Halen is one of the best bands of the history, and this CD is a masterpiece.
B000002U6E|5.0|This cd is one of the few electronic mix cds that feel organic and invintive.  Powerful, mistic, and moving.  A must have for people who like ambient music or rock/alternitive.
0440211727|1.0|This book was highly recommended to me, but it soon became a big disappointment.  The plot revolves around a father, Carl Lee Hailey, a black man who avenges the rape of his daughter by two white men.  Carl Lee obtains an illegal gun, breaks into the courthouse, and kills the men in broad daylight; in the process, he endangers the lives of others and wounds an officer.  His trial is the primary subject of the book.<br />The problem is that Grisham's inexperience as a writer causes the story to be severely manipulated.  I find it impossible to believe that an officer who lost his leg when caught in the crossfire of a revenge killing would not only forgive the assailant but would cheerlead for him in his trial.  The appearance of the KKK and the racism seen elsewhere are a feeble attempt to elicit sympathy for the father and to justify his actions.  While I could sympathize with the heartache and anger he'd feel, I cannot applaud his decision to take the law into his own hands.  I'm extremely disappointed that a law school graduate (Grisham) thinks that, \\"if it had been my kid I'd have wanted to do the same\\" is an adequate defense for possessing an illegal firearm, breaking and entering, two counts of first-degree murder (when you spend the night in the courthouse to wait for them, it's premeditated), reckless endangerment, and a few other laws.
B000002BE9|5.0|i have completely fallen in love with this album, and fiona herself.  she has such a strong, honest voice and sings so sadly but so truthfully! if you think you might like it, you probably will.  it's an incredible album!
0553278398|5.0|I picked this up before I went to the beach, because I needed something absorbing.  All the books I had planned on reading were checked out, so I had to reach a little for some material.  I remembered reading Foundation about a summer ago, and I also remebered that there I had found out later about two &quot;prequels&quot; to Foundation.  I am always a little leary of books like this, out of suspicion that they won't be as good as the rest of the series because the author published them only to get more money out of the books.  Obviously, I hadn't read enough of Asimov's essays or his biography to know how far beneath him that would be.  Both of these books (Prelude and Forward) are just as good if not better than the rest of the Foundation books.  He caught me by suprise more than a couple times, and I thought I was a seasoned reader! I highly recommend it to anyone.
B000001Y5X|5.0|i completely agree with the review before mine.  hear marilyn manson before it all became about image and making money!  i'm not as much for marilyn manson as i used to be, and i guess this made me more particular.  this album is truly a lot more fun than anything else they've put out.
0451191153|5.0|Ann Rand captures the true spirit of Western Civilization.  Her timeless classic holds the individual above the sightless masses.  It is a celebration of the human spirit that still remains very meaningful in today's chaotic world.  (The 1949 movie does the story a great disservice.)
B000002UJQ|5.0|I listened a little to this record in a store, due to all the hype, and found it not to my taste (instead bought Marcy Playground, also a great album).  I also tried it again a couple of times and still did not buy it.  My roomate bought it and once I gave it the attention it deserved, I was hooked.  It's most delicious with headphones, so you can hear all those yummy panning effects and background noises that fill in the cracks.  You really need to spend time with this album because it is NOT easy to listen to.  I especially love Exit Music (for a film) and Climbing Up the Walls (an exquisitely creepy song).  There is a touch of madness to the whole album and it is very dark and not for everyone.  Closed minded people need not apply!
0784010501|5.0|Mandonna at her best. I think this is one of the best DVD's I have seen to date. Awesome sound and picture and ,many of her performances will make your hair tingle.     END
B000002KXV|5.0|Donald Fagen has captured teenage angst with a tinge of Florida fifties like no other can.  His music is moody and memorable, with the crackling tight harmonies we love him for.<br />I have been a Fagen fan for twenty years . . . this is the one I keep coming back to.
0716703440|5.0|The world would be less beautiful if this book didn't exist. What a remarkable feat! The sequence that leads from the very basic concept of spacetime to the computation of the components of Riemann tensor by using forms and the Cartan equations is unparalleled. A lot of mathematical formulas follow from simple reasoning and ... drawings! The introduction of Schild's ladder to motivate the axioms for a (torsionless) connection is very clever. The introduction of curvature by means of geodesic deviation is very intuitive. The derivation of the expression for the geodesic deviation (and, consequently, of the expression for the Riemann tensor) is, again, completely intuitive. The chapter on spinors is very beautiful and useful. Still, I would never recommend this book for a beginner. For it is absolutely non-linear. I have been told that this corresponds to the ideas of Wheeler's concerning learning. Sometimes an argument at chapter 4 (say) depends on something that is intr! oduced in chapter 8. Also, the three tracks (first, second and boxes)interfere all the time, requiring much discipline from the reader.  If, however, you already learned the basics (for instance, in Landau, Lifshitz), so that you know what you are looking for, &quot;Gravitation&quot; is unbeatable, of a class apart. I've seen mathematicians adopting the language introduced by them to explain tensors: a slot for each argument of the multilinear machine!  Last, not the least, the Index and the References are of the highest quality. This shows respect for the readers. Drs. Misner, Thorne and Wheeler are to be congratulated.
B0000029AL|3.0|Aerosmith livin' out their fantasy as &quot;YOUNG&quot; guns on the rock'n'roll scene. This album does rock. However, Steven and Joe still hadn't found their majic yet. Steven's voice still isn't natural sounding and Joe hasn't found that screaming sound that has carried Aerosmith through to this day(Excluding a few such as &quot;Don't Wanna Miss A Thing&quot;). Pre-Jack Douglas the boys proved they didn't need too much direction as they got almost none on this record. Three stars is good but the rest of their studio discs don't fall below four. Not bad for just stumbling into their first production.
0887307280|5.0|This book is a must read for those in business and those thinking of owning their own business. Enjoying what owning or running a business is intended to be; challenging, rewarding and enjoyable is exactely what this book has to offer. To many of us forget why we went into business and become a slave to our business,  this book will teach you how to own your business instead of your business owning you. This book is for all types of businesses.  You MUST read this book ASAP. If you humble yourself and realize you dont know everthing there is to know about running a bussiness, it will change your life by the time you reach the five chapter.  Remeber you must humble yourself to get the full effect of what this book has to offer.. I hope you enjoy it....
0517548232|5.0|A great educational primer on economics.  It's not an enjoyable read per se, but once you read it you never quite forget it.  Every bad liberal idea -- minimum wage laws, rent control, etc. -- is explained, and all is constantly brought back to the central thesis.  Accessible to just about anyone.
0784011176|5.0|The Piano is a profound, intelligent, and stunning film. It is a must-see for devoted musicians or anyone with a passion for life. The score by Michael Nyman helps make The Piano sound as good as it looks. Outstanding performances by a precocious Anna Paquin and an intriguing Holly Hunter. This is the kind of movie that will leave you pensive, emotional, and inspired. One of my favorites.  END
0385484518|5.0|I have never been so touched and challenged from reading a piece than after I read Tuesdays... The relationship between this student and his teacher goes so far beyond a chalkboard and lecture. I've never read a book that more adequately portrayed an uconditional love and trust friendship between a mentor and his hopeful protege. By far the best book I have read in years.
B000006OBQ|5.0|Frank Sinatra's music is loved my millions throughout the world.  Most people enjoy his voice and the overall optimism of the music.  In Live at the Sands, the listener gets to enjoy the experience of The Chairman live and in person.  This album has been digitally remastered to give the listener the illusion that Frank is playing today.  Younger generations can experience the coolness of Sinatra and his rat pack contingent.<br />This album is a must have for anyone who appreciates crooning and coolness of a bygone era.
B000002UW1|4.0|I've had the priviledge of owning Document since its release in the fall of 1987.  Even now, nearly 11 years later, I catch myself listening to the CD in awe at the original sounds the boys from Athens created for Document.  I find it extremely difficult to compare tracks like Finest Worksong and Exhuming McCarthy to the anything recorded before or since 1987.  Unlike other reviews you will read on this page, I believe Document is an excellent purchase for those who are looking for a taste of R.E.M.  Certainly, CD's such as Murmur and Automatic For the People are exceptional works of art, but Document provides a taste of the band's sound which is a little more refined than their earliest work, but is much different than the R.E.M. songs you may have heard through radio play over the past 9 years.
B000000OYN|3.0|SAINTS AND SINNERS is a good hard rock album. In the early eighties, Whitesnake was gradually changing from a typical british group of the seventies to a more american sounding arena rock act. If READY 'N'WILLING (recorded in 79/80) represented the best conceived and mature work of the &quot;Old Whitesnake&quot; phase and SLIDE IT IN (83)the best of the new approach, then SAINTS AND SINNERS(82) is an intermediary attempt, with median results.<br />The guys were very professional, part of the elite of the hard rock scene of the time. David Coverdale(vc), Cozy Powell(dr), Neil Murray(b), Jon Lord (kb)(much more discret than in Deep Purple, but always good) and the simple and efficient guitars of Micky Moody and Mel Galley. And they delivered some good rock music!<br />&quot;Crying In the Rain&quot; and &quot;Here We Go Again&quot; are strong songs. They would later reappear in the pop-metal classic album of 1987, but the original versions, if not so flamboyant, sound more hones! t. Instead of the ultra-fast metal solo of 1987'&quot;Crying...&quot; there's a sparse, echo-enhanced bluesy guitar screaming over a cool groove. In my opinion, the highlight of the album!<br />The opening with &quot;Young Blood&quot; and &quot;Rough And Ready&quot; really rocks, the band delivering powerful music and the lyrics with their &quot;I'm gonna make you mine&quot; confident and cocky attitude being exactly what sexist, stupid, subtlety-deprived rock music was supposed to be. Great!<br />But then you have some hard rock stereothipes (&quot;Victim Of Love&quot;) and silly rock'n'roll (&quot;Bloody Luxury&quot;)that are no memorable at all. The album goes on relying on the old formulas the band used more tastefully in previous albuns. Whitesnake was sounding louder and harder this time, but it didn't mean the songs were better. <br />There are no slow ballads in this album, the closest thing to the romantic moments Coverdale uses to deliver is the beginning of &quot;Here I Go A! gain&quot;.<br />A collection of rock songs that aren't unforg! ettable but if you are a Whitesnake fan then you should have it.
B000002MIB|5.0|If you don't normally like live albums, this one will change your mind.  You'll love it.  Most of the live songs here are so good they make the original polished songs sound like cheap imitations.   A must have for any rock fan.
B000000WA4|5.0|Great album!! Just went to one of their &quot;Adore&quot; CD tour concerts. It was great!! Gotta get the rest of their CDs!!
B0000033TE|4.0|Punk Art Rock<br />ELP were the Ramones of the seventies &quot;art rock&quot; movement, which also featured wimpy jazzers Yes and Ye Olde English folk-rock hippies Jethro Tull.  &quot;Toccata&quot; is alone worth the price of admission, a rave-up on a movement from a 20th century piano concerto, complete with highly atmospheric and very cool early Moog sfx.  Also good for a lark are the panzer-driven Karnevil 9 suite.  Hard to believe they wouldn't play this fairly straightword rendention of the old English hymn &quot;Jerusalem&quot; on the BBC in those days - a nice, if unspectacular version.  The rest of the CD?  Filler.  But who cares:  with &quot;Toccata&quot; and &quot;Karnevil 9,&quot; you're hearing the bad boys of art rock at their hysterical, overwrought zenith.
0812550706|5.0|it is very possible that this is the best book I have ever read. but for that matter it may the best book ever. it is a wonderful book with a great twist at the end.
B000002NJS|5.0|As a teenager I enjoyed Madonna's early work such as &quot;True Blue&quot; and &quot;Holiday.&quot;  I grew older and Madonna grew old.  In my opinion, Erotica and Bedtime Stories were terrible.  After years of boycotting Madonna's albums, I am again a fan.  Her latest work is thoughtful, intriguing and a vast improvement over the recent past.  Her new sound is unique and I love the track &quot;Frozen.&quot;  I'm glad I didn't give up on her -- decent music from Madonna has returned.
B000003S1A|5.0|This first recording by the 80's version of King Crimson is easily their best - and probably the best studio recording by any version of KC.  The CD is reminiscent of Lark's Tongue in Aspic by an earlier version of the band, but is consistently superior.  Outstanding tracks include the haunting Matte Kudasai, two rockers (Elephant Talk and Thela Hun Ginjeet), and the brilliant instrumental track The Sheltering Sky.  There's not a bad track on the CD.
B000001Y2U|3.0|This CD has got two great songs, &quot;The Beautiful People and Dried Up, Tied Up and Dead to the World&quot;.  The rest of the CD is truly a bunch of talent free noise.
067942850X|5.0|The tragic death of Chris McCandless could be examined in two ways: condemnation of an arrogant and naive young man, or idealization of one whose voiced principles were put into real-life practice. To Krakauer's credit, he takes neither approach.  He offers a painstakingly objective investigation, attempting to build a meaning for McCandless' life by sifting through the clues rendered by those who he had known, loved, used, and simply crossed paths with. <br /> I can understand some readers' reaction to Krakauer's telling of an episode from his own life as an ego-driven side-trip.  I felt similarly, at first, until I realized that the author truly did feel that something of Chris, a.k.a. &quot;Alex&quot; lives deep within himself.  And that's the disturbing part ... there may well be a little of McCandless in all of us.  Maybe that's why so many folks were so quick to condemn him upon learning of his tragic end.<br /> By the last page, one perhaps understands McCandless a lit! tle more, and also gains some insight into some personally repressed yearnings.  Even so, this young man's fate remains enigmatic and haunting -- and I don't think Krakauer ever intended to reach a final conclusion about his psyche. <br /> I was glad to see that Krakauer is donating some of the proceeds from book sales to a Chris McCandless scholarship fund. In the end, this troubled idealist's death might go a long way in encouraging others to think more deeply of their  purpose in life, and the ways in which they might walk their own paths. That's why I am using this book as required reading in a college level sociology class which I teach.
B000002HRE|5.0|I really don't have much to say about the cd except that it is exceptional.  Okay maybe it is not And Justice for All but their sound is great it has a new beat.
0060392584|5.0|I hate to read the mear site of a book and I think  oh no teachers and I start to panic but my friend got me to read this book and it was the best book ever (consedering I never read.)  I think if any book good enough for me to keep reading till the end is the best dam book ever.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica, Metallica, is without a doubt Metallica's best. It contains a wide variety of Metallica's musical essence. On this album the band members really express themselves, Kirk Hammett is unbelievable, and nothing needs to be said about Hetfield, or Newstand. The thing however that makes this truely the best is Lars Ulrich's dead on drumming. How could you not buy this one, it has The Unforgiven, and Nothing Else Matters!!!
B000001Y2U|5.0|I liked this album very much and it was really a great album the first time I listened to it but after listening to it to much I got tired of it but I listned to it again and it is a very cool cd
B00000264Y|3.0|While you really can't knock these songs, BJ's best songs are not on this double album. Yes, they are his &quot;hits&quot; but not his best. For example, if you look at the &quot;Turnstyles&quot; album (one of his best albums), and you see songs like &quot;Miami 2017 (Seen the Light Go Out on Broadway,&quot; &quot;Angry Young Man&quot; and &quot;Summer, Highlind Falls,&quot; you have to be confused why &quot;Say Goodbye to Hollywood&quot; was chosen. Unfortunately, these are mostly overplayed songs that do get boring. The exceptions are &quot;Captain Jack&quot; and &quot;Scenes... Resturaunt&quot; which were added to the Greatest Hits CD version. If you want to see BJ's best songs, instead of buying this double CD, get &quot;Songs in the Attic&quot; and either &quot;Turnstyles&quot; or &quot;Glass Houses.&quot;
B00000342V|4.0|Curtis Mayfield defines cool in this 25th edition album.  From songs like &quot;Pusherman&quot; to &quot;Freddie's Dead&quot; Curtis just brings out the funk in all of us; this is a definite party must.
B000002H33|5.0|This is Metallica's best album.  All of the songs on it are excellent.  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; is an excellent song that reflects the essence of &quot;old school Metallica,&quot; with its fast-paced guitar and drums.  &quot;Sanitarium&quot; is a great song with a dark view of mental hospitals from the eyes of the patients.  If you want to begin collecting Metallica CDs this is the place to start.
0553573403|5.0|i have never read fantasy before and just happened to be in that area of the bookstore when the cover of the book caught my eye.  i read the back and said hey why not?  boy am i ever glad that i decided to buy it! this book is fantastic there really aren't enough words to describe all of the emotions that i experienced while reading it.  i actually started to panick at the end because i knew i was close to finishing it and book 2 is far from being available!!!! i highly recommend this book to anyone even if you thought that fantasy wasn't for you, you need to try this book and your mind while be changed FOREVER!!!
0425163407|1.0|I've read every book Cornwell has written and this one was the least enjoyable.  The character of Dr. Scarpetta has become  self-absorbed, and self-rightous.  She has lost all sense of humor  and  appears to be angry with the world, including those closest to her.  Ending on the last two has been abrupt and disappointing.  Not sure if it is the writer or the character who is going through a &quot;bad patch&quot;...
0679720200|5.0|You may find a certain comfort in The Stranger: even the story's clever syntax and person, its cause and effect staccato prose, help define our underdog hero, Meursault. He exists only in the immediate present, falls prey to no abstractions, politics, or even remorse for the inevitable. But his indifference may also irritate you, as it does the Law, or better, those who pretend to adhere to the law's democratic handling of even the most detestable characters. But the law hates Meursault, who never openly grieved his mother's death, and for such a travesty, must be punished. Mersault can barely understand anything abstract, let alone display it publically, but now, Camus has set this view as our own, and his indifference will be his undoing, and create a tense paradox for the reader. The author is talking about science: the world known through abstractions. Hitler and Stalin used abstracting to murder millions. And Meursault will perish for the abstract concept of what l! awmakers deem proper behavior. In prosecuting Meursault, this Stranger to society, they reveal their own insane abstractions. Meursault will not be punished for what he did - self defense on a sun beat beach in Algeria - but for what he didn't do - comfort society...
031218087X|3.0|Let me say that I (as some others did) received an e-mail from author Dan Brown about reading this book and doing a review.  Well, I finally am getting around to it, and I must say it is an incredibly fast read with acompelling story, but a little short on some of the technical aspects. I'm not a technical person, but even some of the descriptions (especially describing the hacker attack) seemed lacking and forced into a made-for-the movies scene.  And thats a shame because the REAL character here is TRANSLTR - the super-decrypting computer! The other characters are rather shadowy - I never felt much for them, and almost found myself wanting David Becker to die as he had dodged far too many tight situations. But.... as I said, I enjoyed the book for what it is and would recommend it for lovers of the genre for the subject matter, if not for the details.
B0000028MA|4.0|Basically, some good songs from the &quot;Seattle  Scene&quot; of the early 90's.  Plus there are a few more songs from lesser known artists that are pretty good.  I think it's a good buy.
B000009DUY|5.0|As others have said, one does not realize the power of the music watching the movie itself- the images being so powerful and riveting.  Nevertheless, Saving Private Ryan is no less a masterpiece.  <br />So simple is Williams music, almost archaic, as soulful melodies arise from rich accompaniments of horns and orchestra.  But what remains the most memorable piece is &quot;Hymn to the Fallen.&quot;  The crisp  horns that lead to a choral climax is ingenuous, and successfully invokes emotions felt when seeing the film.  Though the piece does not appear in the main text of the film, &quot;Hymn to the Fallen&quot; characterizes all of what the film is. <br />To those who saw the movie and cherished what Spielberg gave us in images, Williams will do the same with his music.  Saving Private Ryan is one to remember.
B000002GY9|5.0|Small Change was one of my first two Tom Waits albums.  It literally changed me, added to me, I guess.   I am more than I was before I knew this artist, and his influence on me musically far exceeded any other.  I cherish the late night hours spent with my friend soaking up this record...an occasion repeated whenever the two of us find ourselves together.
068484267X|5.0|for this book .. I never could say this is the best book I ever read before I came across this book .. amazing how the story has been told ..
B000002GLE|3.0|Sting's at the peak of his talents in this live album and it's worth buying just to hear &quot;Tea in the Sahara&quot; or &quot;Moon over Bourbon Street&quot;.<br />Unfortunately, the album is completely and totally ruined by the backup singers, who seem to be trying to turn &quot;Demolition Man&quot; and &quot;When the World is Running Down...&quot; into cheesy disco tunes. It reminds me of the SCTV Perry Como sketch where Perry is lying on the floor, almost catatonic, singing &quot;I love the night life, I gotta boogie&quot; while a bunch of backup singers dance around him.<br />Sad, really.
B000000W5P|5.0|After a succession of weak offerings and personal crisis following the incredible Let It Bleed / Exile / Sticky Fingers era, it seemed as if the Stones were down for the count and ready to fade away into oblivian. At the very least, they were stuck in a serious rut. And then, from out of nowhere, their brilliance flashed on the scene one final time with the release of Some Girls.<br />This disk was fresh and exciting and showed that the Stones could still ride the leading edge (a rolling stone gathers no moss!!). Some Girls framed the music scene of 1978 better that any other album from that time - the final days of the studio 54 disco scene and the dawn of punk/new wave. From the opening disco riff of &quot;Miss You&quot;, to the tough &quot;When The Whip Comes Down&quot; and &quot;Respectable&quot;, it's a creative masterpiece that definitively captures the essence of 1978. The final blow is the strange but excellent &quot;Shattered&quot; which appropriately slams the door shut on this album - what a finish!<br />I still shake my head 20 years later trying to figure out how they could come up with this material given where they were at in their careers at that point. The Stones haven't even come close to recapturing the excitement and freshness of this disk in all those years. I doubt they ever can.
0790729628|4.0|Bladerunner, a highwater mark in science fiction film making, is updated by the director in this Director's Cut version with the elimination of the narration, the inclusion of the unicorn scene and deletion of the final scenes of the original version's ending.  Brilliant as well as controversial from its opening premiere, &quot;Blade Runner&quot; by director Ridley Scott who had only just come off of directing &quot;Alien&quot; folded the science fiction elements into a 50's detective film noir.  A minority of critics and audience members truly believed in the shadowy elements of darkness and the emphasis on detective work.  With the elimination of the narration (even though Harrison Ford apparently hated it himself and attempted to produce an awful narration), for me and a few others, the narration is a key component of what made this movie so unique in its combination of film elements.  Thus while this movie has become a cult classic, the Director's Cut without the na! rration apparently for a few of us diminishes somewhat what is truly one of the best science fiction movies made.  Also, the upbeat ending of the original American version, shouldn't be panned as overly mainstream or completely optimistic.  It's reference to the vague length of life of a replicant keeps the storyline intriguing because it only adds to the uncertainty of one's relationship with one another and uncertainty about the future.  However, all this is much better described in Paul M. Sammon's excellent reference guide entitled, &quot;Future Noir The Making of Blade Runner&quot; (1996).     END
0684874350|5.0|I'm a young college student who was recommended to read this novel and this definitly went beyond my expectations. I have often heard from elders about the tragic sufferings during the depression era but nothing opened my eyes more then this book. I recommed it to people who have a willingnes to walk in another persons shoes for a while and experience their lives no matter how horrible. I know a lot of people out there might find this novel slow and depressing and not worth a glance but I feel this novel should be read by all so you can see your own life in a different way.
6304819935|4.0|Director Sam Raimi is one of the greatest visual stylists working in American films, and Bruce Campbell deserves to be one of our biggest movie stars.  Not for horror fans looking to be scared -- more of a hilarious spoof of horror films.  END
0446310786|2.0|I really do not recommend this book to anybody because the whole book is based on prejudice and it centers around a principle that is not correct or appropriate. This is a required book for ninth graders and I think that it is ridiculous that they should be required to read this book because they are learning about Black prejudice and it is as though no one wants to acknowledge White prejudice at all. There are words that are offensive to Black people yet nothing negative is even thought about White people.
0393314804|5.0|Without doubt the funniest book you will ever read chronicling how life is for your average drug addict.  I defy anybody not to laugh at the scene where the pit bull is shot in the testicles - the beautiful irony of the dog's neanderthal owner being attacked by his canine status symbol is too delicious to believe possible. As a warning against the evils of hard drugs the book is far more effective than telling children to &quot;Just Say No&quot;.  It should be compulsory reading for all teenage English Literature syllabuses (though I feel Mr. Welsh would object to it being described as 'English' Literature!) In addition, this is one of those rare occasions when a film does the book on which it is based true justice: Ewan McGregor and Robert Carlyle were born to play Renton and Begbie!!
B000002HH9|4.0|There are many gems on this album, but I routinely skip over &quot;Return&quot; and sometimes skip &quot;Gone,&quot; &quot;Round and Round and Round,&quot; and &quot;Want.&quot; &quot;Bare&quot; and &quot;Jupiter Crash&quot; are fantastically beautiful songs that hearken back to the melancholic beauty of tracks from &quot;Disintegration&quot; and &quot;Wish.&quot; Songs such as &quot;Mint Car&quot; and &quot;The 13th&quot; are marvelous giddy joyrides. As the title implies, the songs on the album are all over the emotional map. It is not a tightly themed album liked the masterpiece &quot;Disintegration,&quot; but it is definitely worth the price.
0684874350|5.0|I instantly fell in love with this memoir! I couldn't put it down--I wish it were longer! I found myself laughing out loud at McCourt's halarious childhood perspective, even though the reality of what he describes is hearbreaking. McCourt's honest but never self-pitying account ultimately left me with a message of hope and transendence.
B000002VEP|5.0|In a rare concert May 1997 at the Sheperds Bush Empire, Alan Parson's brought the house down. Several songs from Gaudi were performed and were breathtaking!  A fan since the 70's I highly recommend this CD. Comparisons to I ROBOT seem to be confused with style not composition. The two albums may resemble each other but both have there own intrinsic values.  Gaudi will pull you in slowly and quickly have you turning the volume up.  Fresh, Crisp and a Must for fans!
0393038912|3.0|Diamond answers the standard question:  why is the West rich?  His answer, in short, is geography.  Well, maybe.  He does admit that geography shapes culture, but culture also makes a huge difference in what people *do* with geography's endowments.  For my money, which I spent, David Landes' &quot;The Wealth and Poverty of Nations&quot; is a better take on the same question.  Landes focuses on culture; he admits that geography plays a role (he's not as monocausal as Diamond) but emphasizes cultural traits over geography because, well, they matter more.  Best statistic:  the GDP of the 30 million overseas chinese exceeds that of the entire People's Republic of China.  Why?  The overseas chinese -- who thrive everywhere -- have a culture of thrift and hard work.  The PRC Chinese have a culture of sucking up to the authorites.  That's changing now, of course, but the point holds.
B0000062S0|2.0|Ouch, that might sound harsh, but I've been getting into the Robert Plant albums of late. He was exploring new areas, getting new sounds. I love Led Zep, but I really think Plant is weiged down by Page, trying to swim with the proverbial anchor.
1567184855|5.0|Of all the books I've read on the subject, Dr. Newton's is the most informative.  Other books only scratch the surface of the between-life world.  If I were to be regressed, I would want Dr. Newton to do it.
1878424114|5.0|I bought this book in a shop and I was not expecting that much out of it.  Now this simple but amazing book plays a role of a Bible in my life, I read it every day, over and over again.  And why?  Because it helps me to live in a more productive way, without negative emotions, with gifts for everyone in this world.  Though I am 17 years old, I understand this book and use it a lot.  I am SURE this book had an IMPACT on my life, and it shaped my personality for future life.  If I were you, I would go right now to the nearest book shop and purchase it.  Thank you for spending your time reading this review.
0060977493|3.0|I just finished this book about five minutes ago. I don't know how I feel about it.  I loved Roy's prose- I never felt bogged down in the language.  Unlike the critics of the book, I felt that her writing style style and word choice/play/metaphor/simile/rhythm was refreshing, poetic, haunting, and captivating- and rarely tedious.  However, what did leave a nagging doubt in my mind as to whether I &quot;LOVED&quot; the story (in all the gushiness that some people exuded over this work), was that I didn't feel a Rahel/Estha/Ammu/Velutha shaped hole in my universe at the end (to borrow from Roy). I crave that from books. Roy didn't allow me it with this one.  She dangled it in front of my face, but never let me truly grow intimate with the characters.  I felt it in flashes in some of their &quot;childhoodness&quot;, but that tenderness I felt in those moments was never allowed to mature into something lasting after the book finished.  I could never really &quot;like&quot; ! Ammu and I was never allowed to know Velutha, though I wanted to; yet these two held such crucial strings in a story that ended so tragically--and because of the author's manipulated emptiness surrounding them and their story lives, it remained even more tragic to me.  The adult Rahel and Estha were detatched from the rest of the story--their adult characters were not fully developed (but I guess that was the point)and their catharsis was sadly missing.  Their incestous last scene was an interesting and eyebrow-raising plot &quot;resolution&quot;, but it left a sour taste in my mouth and put distance between themselves and me as the reader because I couldn't be made to relate-nor did I really want to. The story was full of tragic characters living out their tragic lives and acting within their tragic destinies.  But in this tragedy where was the catharsis, where was the denoument?<br />Was there redemption in the end? I guess I am still trying to figure that out for myself (181 o! ther reviews cannot tell me &quot;yes&quot; or &quot;no&quo! t;).  In a way, Roy's literary style was the redemption.  Without that beauty, the story would have been another sleazy supermarket tale of abuse, sex, divorce, violence, incest, etc.  But Roy's deft employment of non-conventional writing and her manipulation of the English language into something other-wordly and magical made this story captivating, haunting, and quite commendable.<br />Despite my doubts as to whether I &quot;LOVED&quot; the book, I will definetely read Roy's next piece of art and I will hope, with what may be a child-like hope, that the tale she spins in it is redemptive and cleansing and that it leaves Character Shaped Holes in my Universe when it is over.
0060977493|5.0|After having just completed this book, not only did I need a few days to reflect on it, but I also felt the strong need to share my thoughts on it!  Ms. Roy's descriptive prose was beautiful - I could taste the fruits bursting with flavor, feel the rain as it poured down, anyone who has read this knows what I am describing.  As for the &quot;story&quot; itself, I was quite engrossed by its unique unfolding...the end of the book is actually the beginning! It was certainly not, in my opinion, an &quot;easy read&quot;, and at times I needed to put it aside to digest the story.  It was truly heartwrenching to read how human beings, including ones own flesh and blood, can be so deceitful and downright destructive to each other.  As noted in the inner flap, it is the story of a family's rise and fall, but the family is ultimately the destroyer of its own self!  And children, as always, become victims. I was most struck by the final pages.  Without revealing too much, I was mo! re than impressed with the passion and love that was able to come across without the slightest bit of profanity.  These pages were beautiful!  My congratulations to Ms. Roy for a stunning read, which amazingly was her first.  She seems to have made quite a mark for herself.
B000002H6C|5.0|anything pre-load is exquisite.  the edge has since been lost.  kinda like a crown waiting for someone to pick it up and claim it.  what can i say?  cliff died, the band sold out, and i can understand it.  no necessary connection.  they were hot, they made it, and then they played to the multitude.  they lasted longer than most.  then again, i'm a die hard.  great music never dies.
0440178002|5.0|I first read Shogun in 6th grade after seeing a re-run of the TV mini-series. Although the first motivation for reading this was satisfying my language arts reading requirement -- at nearly 1,200 pages, this one book was all I needed for a whole quarter! -- this book ended up changing my life. Not only was Shogun a lot to chew on in terms of its vocabulary and subject matter, but its detailed descriptions of Medieval Japanese culture and omniscient narrative voice taught me that the world I experience is a subjective world and that each culture and each individual has his or her own perspective.
B000006OAM|5.0|Ignore the &quot;professional&quot; reviews!  This cd is absolutely stunning in terms of lyrical and musical content.  Ms. Merchant's music is always thought-provoking and intelligent, but this cd is also amazingly beautiful, haunting, and moving.  She ranges from joyous celebration (&quot;Kind &amp; Gracious&quot;) to passionate entreaties (&quot;Life is Sweet&quot;) with ease and grace. This is a must have cd if you are a fan of Natalie Merchant, Sarah McLachlan, or early Tori Amos.
B0000047EC|5.0|It's somewhat sad, but warm like a memory of younger days. I am not a huge fan of &quot;Jazz&quot;, but I listen to this repeatedly, especially late at night. It's hard to choose my favorite, but &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot; is a pleasant surprise to me, as who knows the original soundtrack. Of course, original is  very good, too.
B000005JLX|5.0|Rattlesnakes stands as one of the most impressive debut albums to come out of the UK in the 80's.  Much is made of singer Lloyd Cole's expressive lyrics and rightfully so, the Commotions however are often sorely overlooked.  Guitarist Neil Clark manages to toss out the best one-note guitar solo this side of Neil Young's &quot;Cinnamon Girl&quot; in &quot;Perfect Skin&quot;. His leads also underscore Cole's vocals quite nicely throughout. The rhythm section is tight, especially no-frills drummer Steven Irvine.  Blair Cowan's expressive keyboard work also adds nice color, especially the accordian in &quot;Are You Ready to be Heartbroken&quot;.  Producer Paul Hardiman augments the record with tasteful strings in all the right places. A brilliant record start to finish, then throw in the fact that it's a debut, and it makes it all the more impressive.
B000002G8H|5.0|There may be no need to add comment on this classic splendid item. Everyone knows that this is one of the best Clapton's (you don't ?). I just want to say one thing. In the hot and humid summer afternoon, I can find nothing better than hearing &quot;Peaches And Diesel&quot; and drinking beer. Cheers!
B000002U88|5.0|Maybe this one is a little bit &quot;soft&quot; for the core fan. But this should be the one of the best. Whenever I listen to this, I feel young and reckless, at the same time, I realize that I am not anymore. &quot;Roll Me Away&quot; is my favorite.
B000002U82|5.0|Not only Pink Floyd's finest, but one of the finest recordings of all time.  If you've never listened to this one, buy it, drive through the country side just after sunset, and listen to it from beginning to end.
B000002IWH|5.0|A Colorful soundtrack full of contrasting music.  Not just metal.  To the light melodies of Jane Siberry to the hardcore screams of Pantera, this soundtrack kicks from start to finish.  The Nine Inch Nails song would have to be the best.  Something you'll listen to until it breaks and you have to go buy a new one.
B0000057C5|4.0|This CD is incredible!  The guitar work is fantastic. This collection of songs really gets me pumped up and eager to learn their riffs. Sehnsucht is a must for those who appreciate razor edged fretwork with some heavy electronica types of sounds.  I agree with another fan that this is Ministry (Rape &amp; Honey thru Psalm 69) meets Depeche Mode with some NIN and Stabbing Westward, too.  It's refreshing to discover what other countries have to offer in the ever so great and wide world of rock music and not be concerned about the language barrier.  Me, I speak German and I have really been into German bands for many years and have been listening to Falco, Kraftwerk and others since high school (early 80's).  If you really love stuff like Rammstein and don't mind a bit of intellectualism, I strongly suggest you try Einsturzende Neubauten.  They are the pioneers of pure, minimalist industrial music which later evolved into Ministry, Skinny Puppy, et al.  They recorded their!  first album under a bridge. The only instrumentation used were banging pipes, glass, wood and other types of metal objects together and machines, with of course, vocals and a hint of guitar.  It's kinda tribal, but really eerie.  In later works, they incorporated guitars and then synthesizers without losing the cerebral quality to their lyrics. Such instrumentation most likely influenced bands like Ministry (aren't we glad they changed their sound after Twitch?!).  As for Rammstein, Sehnsucht is a wise addition to my eclectic CD collection and should be added to yours!
0060925000|5.0|A mystic journey through India. Vikram takes you into the lives of India as she was just after Independence. Truly moving and keeps you wanting to go on.
B000002KIK|4.0|Well, what can you say for an album that was appearently written and recorded in two days? Certainly not an album to start out with Sabbath, but a worthwhile album to purchase somewhere down the line. The song with Bill Ward, the drummer, on vocals, &quot;Swinging The Chain&quot;, is great, as well as the bass focused &quot;Junior's Eyes&quot;. Much of the guitar playing reflects well on Toni Iommi, and his improvement over the last couple of albums is noticeable. Ozzy Osbourne is critical of the fact that a majority of songs are in major keys, but I dont think that this key transition affects this album's mood by any means.
B000005ALN|5.0|George hits the nail on the head with this awesome album. &quot;Fastlove&quot; should be played at any dance hall, while &quot;Spinning the Wheel&quot; shows George's jazz appeal.  This is a must-have cd!
B000002MNL|5.0|My introduction to the world of His Royal Mozzness. &quot;Vauxhall&quot; soars with greatness and never comes down. A haunting opera of emotion that stuns with beauty. Everytime I listen to &quot;Vauxhall&quot; its like seeing an old friend again. A fabulous ride capable of swaying the most stone-hearted listener.
B000004286|5.0|When I listen to  this cd,I can feel the history is never to stop showing again.....Every one love his own country,that's no doubt at all.And I can find the composer,James Honer,want to embed the spirit and emotion in the themes.....just to listen by your heart,you'll find that...
B000002LCX|5.0|This is numero uno for me and The Smiths. Maybe not as catchy sounding or witty as other albums, Strangeways is by far the most intricate and delicate of the bunch. Thats my usual tastes anyway so maybe Im biased. But for me The Smiths swan song was the a bitter-sweet good bye.
B000000WFF|3.0|The Spice Girls are truly GIRL POWER but Spiceworld isn't as good as SPICE.  Come on people quit saying all pre-teens like cause I don't!  Beside thou shalt not idolize anyone else but God.
B000002L5P|2.0|As a Smiths/Morrissey fan, one is almost obligated to rave about this album. I could never really warm up to it. Aside from the excellent songs that became the singles, the other tracks leave me cold. Its shows the promise yet to come, but this one is a little raw for me. It does and will stand as a mile stone of modern alternative music.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Ok computer is an absolutely amazing collection of melodies, rhythems, and lyrics.  No matter what state of mind you may find yourself in, this this the perfect album to plug into your car and go cruzin'
B000005S0E|5.0|In what might be the closest fans of The Cure will ever see to a Robert Smith solo album, 1984's &quot;The Top&quot; is a fourty minute near eastern fable.  Although the eccentricities of the record may be a turn off to less 'hardcore' fans, it is a must have for anyone building a Cure collection.  Highlights include the astounding opener &quot;Shake Dog Shake&quot;, as well as &quot;Birdmad Girl&quot;, &quot;Dressing Up&quot;, and &quot;Piggy in the Mirror&quot;.  The albums single, &quot;The Caterpillar&quot;, is also a noteworthy track.  Yet the pinacle of the record is the eigth track, &quot;The Empty World&quot;, in which Smith explores the metaphor of war.<br />Despite its lack of commercial appeal, especially when compared with its 1985 follow up &quot;The Head on the Door&quot;, &quot;The Top&quot; is still one of the Cure's finest releases.
0385484518|5.0|The sensitivity and love the author has for Morrie is a rarity today.  My father lost his battle with ALS in 1993 and I wished I'd had the insight to explore his thoughts and wisdom. Amazon.com sent the book immediately and from there I couldn't put it down - tears and all. EXCELLENT gift book about the important things in life.
6304681496|1.0|Normally, I enjoy Jerry Bruckheimer's work. I like Nic Cage too. But this mess of a film is one of the worst acted{except Steve Bucsemi}, scripted, and directed films I have ever seen. It's action is sluggish, and it's climax is proposterous. I wasn't excepting a very intelligent movie, but this is just terrible. If I had the option, I would give it no stars.     END
B000002LGQ|5.0|Although Madonna's work has continued to mature over the years, &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; is still my favorite Madonna album.  The songs reflect a certain catharsis and are full of raw emotion.  &quot;Dear Jessie&quot; is one of the most beautiful lullabyes ever; and &quot;Promise To Try&quot; is an anthem for anyone who has ever lost someone close to you.  Don't miss this rare treat.
0688002307|5.0|This book has touched me in way that no other literary work could.  As I paged through it for the second and third times, I could only marvel at the expertise Persig displays.  It projects possibilities and answers to some of the worlds greatest questions.  I cannot applaud loud enough.
0060977493|3.0|The first impression I got after reading Arundhati Roy's maiden novel was a mixture of admiration, pleasure, and disappointment. As author's first novel it is definitely an achievement. The novel is humorous, passionate, and sincere, her style is new and refreshing, and her angry words truthfully convey the resentment and contempt she feels for the fixed social order. Her description of countryside in Kerala is beautiful. Her perception of children and their mental state is realistic. <br />But when you analyze the novel calmly its shortcomings become apparent. The plot of the novel is weak and to make up for it she resorts to all sorts of diversions - many tragic stories  (almost all the characters in the novel are divorced, or broken-hearted, or suffering from incompatible relationships and have a story of their own), irrelevant incidents, and repetitive word-plays and metaphors with the result that the novel becomes diffused. Too many tragedies divert the novel from its!  central plot, and dilutes the effect of the final Terror on which the whole novel hangs, making it just one more tragedy, though horribly violent and unjust. Her western influenced, English speaking characters and their western life style neither go with the theme and plot of the story, nor do they belong to the rural setting in Kerala.<br />All her characters are shallow, one dimensional and all of them, except the central four characters, are portrayed as &quot;bad&quot;. Many players in Ammu's tragedy like Mammachi are kept in the background till towards the end when they suddenly show themselves by their unexpected, violent acts. The final Terror itself is not developed logically from the involved persons (Ammu and Velutha) by a convincing story line leading inevitably to the final tragedy. But rather it is suddenly sprung upon the reader making it hardly credulous. Since the whole novel is based on the Terror and the consequence, and she builds up her suspense from the firs! t page referring to the tragedy again and again, it is surp! rising that she has not laid down carefully the events leading to the terror and the Terror itself. The death of Velutha is unnecessarily violent and unconvincing. <br />Her treatment of adult Rahel and Estha is the worst part of the novel. It is sentimental, unrealistic, and self-consciously trying to inspire sympathy. Sophie Mol's death is quite an unnecessary extravagance, and it doesn't have anything to do with the story. There are also some unnecessary, sensational incidents (for example Estha's encounter with the &quot;Orangedrink Lemondrink Man&quot; in Abhilash talkies, and the incest at the end of novel) which stick out like sore thumb. <br />Arundhathi Roy's style is fresh and innovative though difficult to read. If she had watched her style and used it sparingly it would have added to the novel and enhanced its merits. But she has used her techniques excessively to the point of boring the reader and diverting his attention from the story to her narrative techniques. Her n! arration suffers from too many tiresome repetitions; she repeats whole paragraphs and incidents at times, and repeats too frequently sentences, wordplays, and metaphors. These tiresome repetitions spoil the effect which they have on their first introduction. <br />Though the novel is inconspicuously sentimental, dramatic, and fares badly in structure, plot, and characters, it is definitely worth reading as it takes a sincere peek at the hopelessly caste-ridden society, its dogmatic prejudices, and the violent means used to keep the old social order.
B000002UAX|4.0|[I originally wrote a review about The White Album posted July 30, 1998, on Amazon.com. This may well be the very first review I ever wrote for Amazon.  Because it is marked as a private review it is not listed under my profile and now we cannot make private reviews public, it appears.  At least, that was the answer I got on the Amazon.com Review Forums.  Check those out if you haven't, great fun!  Get to hear people whine about their reviews and how all the serious \\"book reviewers\\" have been overshadowed since Amazon has diversified into other products.  Good for Amazon, the more business products the better!. I did a second review of The White Album as well, which I thought I would include it here.  Mike London, January 7, 2012]<br />----<br />Review I - Charlie Manson really liked this one...., July 30, 1998<br /><br />This is personally one of my fav 60s albums. It is a sprawling hour and a half work that encompasses all sorts of music. It is very interesting what they did with it.<br />That's not the attention grabber though.<br /><br />The first time I've ever heard of this album is from the book \\"Helter Skelter\\" which is about Charles Manson the serial killer. Someday look up Beatles in the index of that book. Manson took and contorted the album to say they were talking to him. It is fasinating. It created an aura about the White Album ... and when I finally bought it, it did not disappoint. I can't listen to it and not think of Manson when all his references come up (and there are plenty of those). I think Manson was screwy and he was a madman. And yet he made a theory and then the Beatles came out with this to go along iwth it (though not by the Beatles.) Poor deceived fools. The tie between Manson and this record alone makes it worth buying.<br />-----<br />Review II - One of several historic double sets, January 13, 2000<br /><br />Great double record. This has some of the most controversial Beatles tracks in their catalogue (especially \\"Revolution #9\\").<br />Most people that criticize this record go with the fact that there are quite a few knockabout tracks on this record. Most often cited on this filler list is \\"Wild Honey Pie,\\" \\"...Bungalow Bill\\", \\"Rocky Racoon\\", \\"Why Don't We ...?\\" \\"...Me & My Monkey\\", and the (seemingly universal) most slammed track of them all, \\"Rev. #9\\".<br /><br />But quite frankly, if we loose those tracks, then we lose to an extent the vision of this album. Listen to this, and listen to Sgt Pepper. Quite a contrast huh? While Sgt Pepper has more or less similar tracks (something of a concept album, though don't know if I'd go that far), this record goes all over the place. It's the Beatles trying new and different things, which is the most typical thing about The Beatles. Also, it's the aura about this record that makes this my personal favorite of The Beatles. There is just an atmosphere about this record that the others don't have. They have their own. Its amazing that the record they released before this was MMT (who spawned a tribute band entitled \\"Maxwell's Magical Mustard Band\\". They are so incredibly different its hilarious. Before I had heard this recording, I had read about it in the Manson book \\"Helter Skelter\\", written by Vincent Bugliosi, the prosecutor in the Manson trial. It helped create this aura about it. Although Manson was very sick and demented, if you have a knowledge of how these tracks were supposed to be\\"messages\\" to him, it makes the listening experience all that more exceptional.<br /><br />The three Beatles masterpieces, IMO, is Sgt Pepper, this, and Abbey Road. (All their other records, save for Beatles For Sale, are all excellent). But these are my desert island disks. The most historically important and the one I respect the most is Sgt Pepper. Very very innovative. Abbey Road is just a badd a-- record. Although I do think Pepper is the God record of all records, in terms of pure atmosphere and vibes and all that good jibes, this is my favorite sixties album.Yes, I do believe Sgt Pepper is the best thing to come out of the sixties, and yes, I do believe it's the best album in the Beatles' catalogue. But this has a thing that sets it apart from all others, even Sgt Pepper. If this was the only album in a band's discography, then it would be great. But the aura is emphasized even more emphatically by the brilliance of the previous years (especially '67, which is the most historically important movement and musical year of modern history. It's the watershed year to end all watershed years).<br /><br />Now we get to the most controversial track The Beatles released in their fabulous seven year reign (almost impossible to believe they did so much in a mere seven years). \\"Revolution #9\\" is a sound collage, mostly \\"performed\\" (if you can say that) by John and his fellow adulterer Yoko Ono. Personally, I like this track. I seem to be one of the few. To me, its one of the few sound collages that actually works (italicize \\"works\\" in yr mind since I can't on the review ; )). Compare this to that insipid track on the end of Pearl Jam's Vitalogy. No comparison. It helps with the diversity of this track also. Or album I mean.<br /><br />There are a few tracks of The Beatles that have never seen commercial release. Among them is \\"Carnival of Lights\\", which is a 15 minute (yes, you heard right, 15 minutes of unheard Beatles) companion piece to Rev #9 in the avant-garde genre. This piece was engineered most by Paul. Unfortunately, they did not release it on the Anthology series. D--- the luck. It would be interesting to see what the perceptions of \\"Rev #9\\" would be had \\"Carnival\\" been released back in the 60s.<br /><br />Among other things, I would like to finally hear the famous 27 minute take of \\"Helter Skelter\\". They should finally release that sometime.<br /><br />Some other little known Beatles tracks that are no longer in print is the Beatles fan album. This album contained Christmas singles that have never been released in otherforms.<br /><br />Those are just some of the tracks The Beatles still have locked up in their vaults. But I am glad to see the \\"What's the New, Mary Jane?\\" and \\"Not Guilty\\", both tracks intended for the White Album, released on Anthology III. That would have helped this masterpiece. (The comma doesn't go there, but I've always read it like that).<br /><br />So, if you want a great double-record set, this is the one to buy. Of all the great double albums, this and Fink Ployd ; ) \\"The Wall\\" are the best. \\"Electric Ladyland\\" is overated, \\"Exile On Main Street\\" haven't heard it, \\"Physical Graffiti\\" is pretty good. The only record that compares to this is \\"Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness\\", the latest addition to the grand double LP sets. This is still better though.<br /><br />So, in the end, buy it. You won't regret it! (The same can be said of almost any Beatles record)<br /><br />Don't pass this baby by!
B000002OTL|4.0|If you don't mind true adult content, the ecclectic mix of music on this CD is great fun.
1565112601|3.0|Spin Selling neglects the importance of personal chemistry in the business of selling. It implies a fear approach to the prospect in telling him what he is missing by not using your product, and the possible consequence. The reality is that, in the competitive market place, most products are similar in function and costs.  His current vender is not necessary worse than you are in supplying a good product and excellent services.  The account goes to the person who comes across as a trustworthy individual who can take his words to the bank, but not the one who makes the purchaser uncomfortable. Not building the proper relationship first, the prospect will thank you for making him realize the importance of buying the product and call his favorate vendor, your competitor as you walk out with an &quot;advance&quot;.
B000006NPY|5.0|most of these songs are pretty cool.  i would say most the album is great for turning it on then doing something else much like third eye blind semisonic.  but ava adore and perfect(incredably great songs) i just have to sit down and listen to - probably because thyre so good.  most of the songs are just boring i guess but still great to turn down a little bit but loud enough to hear and go maybe do something at amazon.com, or something like that
