B00003CWPR|1.0|A catchy theme-tune does not a good film make. It didn't workfor Mission Impossible and it wasn't enough to make this filmwatchable. I hope Nicole and Tom fulfilled some sort of sexual fantasy in the filming of this because it sure isn't going to fulfill anyone elses ..  END
068483605X|5.0|This book is such a delight to read. At one time I didn't want to read the book because it was required for a class in school. Now, so many years later, I re-read it on occasion. This book is for anyone with a love for  imagination and great storytelling.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Finally on DVD. Independence Day is perhaps, one of the greatest films I've ever seen. I can't understand why it has had bad reviews, Centropolis Entertainment put a lot of hard work and effort into this film, the script  was excellent, the special effects were fantastic and I must add that Randy  Quaid's performance as Russel Casse was the most touching character of all  of the film. Another favourite of mine from ID4 was the masterpiece  patriotic score by David Arnold. Roland Emmerich's directing for ID4 was  brilliant, as was the the production design by Patrick Tatopoulos and  Oliver Scholl. I could go on forever saying good about this film, but all  in all, it deserves an excellent 5 stars.
B000002JSN|5.0|It is the best album and Ten Years Gone is the best song.
B000020617|4.0|Ahhhh.....the power of NIRVANA with an added pop sensibility...almost perfection. I don't care for the toned-down R.E.M. sounding tunes, but man oh man, tracks 6, 7, and 8 are three of the finest modern rock songs that I  have heard in a while. &quot;Live-In-Skin&quot; is a song that I can  honestly say is just never going to bore me. When I get into my car, and  hit the road, that song cranked up gets me all charged up...&quot;Turn your  outside into the inside, trade your inside in for the outside...&quot;   WOW. Guitars, a tiny dink of a piano, and it crashes all around into a  world where sound is a phenomenal sense. Before that, &quot;Aurora&quot; -  what a melody! Goose-bumps every time. I know I am focusing on just 3  songs....(Next Year is rather amazing as well) but for those 3, I would  have paid the entry fee of a full 13-track CD just for those 3. I promise  you....if you have even the SLIGHTEST ear for modern rock, you really owe  it to yourself to pick up this CD, throw it on when your in your car   cruising at a fairly high speed, and turn up tracks 6,7 and 8. You will  smile. Broadly.
B00002MZ2T|2.0|This cd has a few good songs but the majority doesnt quite hit any decent points. Not much depth to it, and they try for the whole teen-young adult crowd a little much. Ive listened to te cd a few times through and it just  doesnt impress me. If theyd tried a new style or ANYTHING different then  their first album...then maybe itd turned out better.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you don't own this DVD, what are you thinking? No DVD collection is complete without this one. It has to have the best, most mind blowing special effects that I've ever seen. And, it's best to get it on DVD, cause  you can skip to your favorite scene whenever you want!
6300216039|5.0|&quot;Romeo, oh Romeo where for art thou Romeo?&quot;     I just watch this movie last night and Woah, was it awesome! The actors, they do such a wonderful job in playing those parts. I cried at the end though, it's just  too sad. if Romeo would've just waited two more minutes, Juliet  would've  woken up and they could live happily ever after.    I really loved this  movie, and i think you will too!
6304297912|5.0|I thought this was a very powerful movie. I myself  can really relate to their troubles. I just saw the movie a couple days ago on the tube and i found it very helpful. I have quit some ummm bad habits of mine. It kept me  in my seat the whole time! I couldnt get up to even go to the restroom. I  loved this movie and im about to buy it right now ;) Peace
B000001FY9|5.0|I grew up in Jamaica and as a teenager I can recall seeing the posters at the bus stop advertising an upcoming concert... and The Wailers were headliners.  But I never truly listened to Bob untill the Live album came  out. <br />I remember sitting in my room one Saturday listening to the horse  races on the radio, and in betweem each race the DJ would play No Woman No  Cry. The words were haunting.. &quot;And I remember when we used to sit...  In a Government Yard in trenchtown...&quot; The vouce and lyrics seemed  magical... so simple yet so beautiful. That was about 30 years ago and I  have been a fan ever since.  Bob's music spoke to me personally, as it did  to people all around te world. As it will speak to you once you play this  album.  But don't stop there...  buy more... listen to songs like Concrete  Jungle; Talking Blues, and Roots Rock Reggae.  In fact let your next album  be the Live at the London Lyceum  and you will get a flavour for the  infectious Bob. <br /> If you have a Jamaican friend have him/her explain the  lyrics (if needed).  But regardless, just enjoy the music.  Enjoy it with  fans from Africa, Europe, Canada and now the USA.  I saw Bob once in Tampa  and was amazed at the 'good old boys' in Cowboy hats and bandanas that  screamed for Bob and sang his songs.  I knew then that Bob's music was  truly intended for the world to love.<br />When Bob died I heard the news over  BBC radio.  I was 20+ years old then but I cried.  I had lost a good  friend.  Then I reached for my records and played Rastaman Chant, and cried  some more when Bob sang...  &quot;One bright morning when my work is over I  will fly away home.&quot;, the background containing soulful conga  drumming.  But as the song ended I felt better..  bob's music made me feel  better.  Fly on BOB.  And you my friend... listen to the Music on Legend  and experience an upliftment... fly with Bob.   Enjoy Legend! But remember  there is more great Marley music awaiting you.
0684800713|5.0|I read this book over the summer and was taken with Hemingway's portrayal of wayward, lost people who only sought to drown their sorrows in meaningless love affairs, alcohol and scandalous adventure.  I absolutely  loved his dry, fast, &quot;masculine&quot; prose and careful character  description.  I could feel for these characters, their niavete and sorrow  and grief and urge to be happy and ultimate failure almost palpable.  One  of the more lighthearted portions of the book, however, finds the main  character and his best friend going fly-fishing in a French stream.  This  seemed (and I cannot quite place why) remiscient of For Whom the Bell Tolls  in its general construction.  In all, an excellent book, on par with  Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby.  Check it out and enjoy!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Great album!!!! My sugestion is to buy it!
6300183971|3.0|I first became aware of Frank Herbert's Dune in general from a science fiction collectibles book some years ago.  I was quite taken with the amount of merchandising that went into it, and decided to read the book.   The book, of course, is superb, a pinnacle of science fiction and (dare I  say) fantasy, on par with J.R.R. Tolkein, Robert E. Howard, Heinlein and  Bradbury.  I then went to see the film and was quite pleasantly surprised.   The casting, costuming, set-design, and creatures are all that I imagined  in reading Dune.  The acting was also excellent on occasion, with Brad  Douriff in fine nervous form as the conniving and darkly humorous mentat  Piter De Vries, Patrick Stewart in a small but vital role as Atredies  soldier Gurney Halleck, Richard Jordan as Duncan Idaho, Sting in an  excellent performance as Feyd Rautha Harkonnen, and sci-fi favorite Max Von  Sydow as Leit Kynes.  Duke Leto Atredies, the Lady Jessica, and Thufir  Hawat are also done justice, as is Stilgar.  Baron Harkonnen, however, is a  bit more over the top than in the book and sometimes a trifle absurd.  The  special effects regarding the Guild Navigators and space travel in general  are grisly by today's standards, though many of the battle scenes are  first-rate.  I did not like the film's conception of Geidi Prime, as I  invisioned a more Coruscant-ish landscape (albeit slightly dirtier).   Surprisingly, the film does explain several things that the book does not  (I won't give these away).  &quot;The sleeper has awakened!' says Paul  Atredies, and many viewers will as well after viewing this film.  Without  the viewer having a firm grasp of the book, however, the film does not  stand on its own, and is better used as a companion piece by devoted fans.   Overall, a good film that will make any sci-fi buff interested.  Check it  out, and enjoy!
B00003CWQ2|5.0|For me this movie was the most entertaining flick of 99. I went to see it because Fincher and Pitt had done a great job with &quot;7even&quot; and if &quot;fight club&quot; was half as good it would be worth the ticket. Well,  &quot;fc&quot; is as good, you bet! It's hilariously funny and thought  provoking. The acting is great and the direction is fantastic. Fincher kept  it close to the novel by Chuck Palahniuk which I do also highly recommend.  All in all it's one of the best films I have ever seen. I don't recommend  it to people who can't stand violence though because there's plenty of it.
B00003CX7K|5.0|Toy Story 2 is a movie for children.  And adults, and everyone else in between.  Firstly, it is visually striking, beautifully and artfully made.  but more importantly, it is well written, well acted, and well  directed.<br />The movie has so many things working for it - its funny, fast  moving, surprising.  I'm 19, and I roared from laughter many times.  The  characters are simpathetic, the situations comic, the adventure never  ending.<br />It really has enough in jokes and witticism to appeal to an  adult, eventhough its a children's movie.  You don't have to go see it with  a child - its a much better cinematic evening then most movies, for adults  or for kids.<br />Don't miss the ending:  when the credits role down, the fun  is still continuing, in what is argueably the best part of the movie
0385493800|4.0|Stunningly gripping beginning to an interesting book.  Characters seem drawn to be all bad or all good with exception of Nate (main lawyer) who seeks redemption for his many sins.  A good read but more complex  characters would have made it better.
6304479697|5.0|This movie is the best Elvis concert of his career and it is on video. Elvis looks great and sounds great. He does not forget his roots of music;especially, when he does his dancing and singing. I love the music  and my friends always ask me to show them the movie because they love last  songs of the movie.  I give the movie 5 stars; it has great singing,  documentation, such as footage from rehearsals fans never get to see. I  wish their will be a better soundtract to catch Elvis at this show, yet the  movie is just enough.
B000007R1M|5.0|This is my favourite Kraftwerk album of all time, and the middle of a  stunning trilogy of works - Transeurope Express, Man Machine and Computer  World.<br />When this album was made, Kraftwerk had mastered their analogue  synths and sequencers, and had complete confidence in their style, coming  off the success of TEE. They were so far ahead of everyone else that they  were free of the nagging doubts which plagued Electric Cafe and The  Mix.<br />Every song is good as a song in itself (witness the Balanescu String  Quartet's versions of The Robots and The Model), but it is the brilliant  sound and arranging which stands out. Kraftwerk made the cleanest, most  uncluttered music I have ever heard.<br />If you are looking for your first  Kraftwerk album, start here (or TEE or CW).
B00000JPHD|5.0|When you think Dracula, you think of Bela Lugosi in the trademark cape with the errie yet enticing accent. And when you think Bela Lugosi, you think this movie- duh! Bela Lugosi made this 1931 horror classic a legend-  the prince of all horror movies. The film, which begins with a haunting  rendition of the Swan Lake theme during the opening credits, is rather slow  moving, but the crisp and calm character of Lugosi's Dracula perfects  everything. Dwight Frye plays the perfect madman as the Count's looney  henchman. Helen Chandler's Mina is innocent and bewildering, while Van  Helsing is smart and quick. Overall, a defenite must for any classic horror  buff. Something you will want to watch again and again!
6305499365|5.0|This comedy is really absolutely magnificent. I laughed my head off each of the twelve times I have seen it. I saw two times and then I decided to tape it to keep it forever. Incredible film. You have to see it now.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is definetly the best record of the year and probably one of the top five that I own. If you think that Scar Tissue and OOtherside are good, then hold on to your socks because I don't think that they are the best on  the album.  Check out Easily and Californication for incredible lyrics. It  is great to see the Peppers back.
B00000IWVS|5.0|I consider myself a serious listener who cares a great deal about sound  quality. When I decided to buy my first Chopin CD, I bought this, though I  was a bit hesitant to purchase a solo piano work that was recorded in 1965  on what had to be analog equipment, even after reading all the good things  about it. However, when I loaded the disc into my living room sound system  with high-wattage speakers, I was stunned by the clean and exceptionally  real sound of the grand piano played by an extraordinarily talented  pianist, to the extent that I can't tell the difference between this and a  purely digital recording.
B00001QGPR|4.0|As a long time Bowie fan, I can tell you that this is a solid album.  Bowie has consistantly writen and produced music beoynd the current norm.  This is true for Hours. Musically, this is a great albumn.  However, I miss  some of Bowie's insightful and pointed lyrics that seems to have been  absent in his music for quite some time.  Earthling was an upbeat album  done with Nine Inch Nail's Trent Reznor and extreamly creative. If you  really like that one, watch out, Hours is a little slower. Hours is a bit  more reminiscent of Bowie's early stuff....before the Let's Dance period.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple is my fav. When the Pawn... is a perfect sequel to Tidal. Both  convey her feelings beautifully. Her mythic piano traces add intensity, as  do Fiona's finely crafted lyrics. This CD is my good karma; When the  Pawn... is an berclassic everyone should own.
B000002H2H|5.0|I  have been a fan of Metallica for 10 years, and even through their evolution with the LOAD double shot, this album is the top dog with Master Of Puppets trailing just behind it.
B00000K0E5|4.0|Okay, let's get this out.  Goldeneye is not the best Bond film, but it isn't the worst either.  If you want bad Bond see most of the Roger Moore canon.  The only thing that is distracting in Goldeneye is the horrible  soundtrack.  It is extremely weak and unbond like.  But the soundtracks get  better after this one.  Pierce as Bond has his moments that come to shine  in the next two installments.  This really is an enjoyable film and like I  said above, it has its moments of pure Bond magic.
0792835077|5.0|This could have only come out of the mind of Michael Crichton.  The movie is one of the best sci-fi films that I have ever seen.  The possibility of going to a place where robots look human and are there to satisfy your  every need is a thrilling concept even today.  This movie has a stellar  cast with Richard Benjamin and James Brolin turning in stellar  performances.  The best part of it all though is the chilling portrayal of  the gunslinger by Yul Brenner.  Just to see him playing this role makes  owning this movie worth it.  A must movie for fans of great imaginative  filmmaking.
B000002AGM|5.0|This Disc is a Classic.The Chemistry Of Miles&amp;GIl Evans is pure  magic.The Arrangements&amp;The Group were very tight all the way on this  set.I Love The Duke.Very Classy as is the case with this disc.
0790729989|5.0|This is a great horror film.  The killer makes his victims commit on of the seven deadly sins(envy, gluttony, greed, lust, pride, sloth, wrath) before he kills them.  You never guess who the killer is untill close to  the end.  This movie is perfect.  The special features on the DVD are nice.   There is one down side.  You have to flip the DVD over to finish watching  they film, it's only 127 minutes long.  Wait till it's all on on side  before you buy it.
B000001FY5|5.0|Words&amp;Music are Powerful and that's the Genius of Bob Marley.this Album is a Winner from start to finish.His words just Like his voice kept your full Attention all the way.this Album is a must have.everything here  works.
B00000490M|5.0|I thought the Karate Kid was great! It's alot better than the others. I have the Karate Kid trilogy at home and when I was little I use to watch them all the time. It's one of my favorite movie of the 80's. What I am  concerned about is that how come Elizabeth Shue is not in the second and  third film?
B000002KKX|5.0|this album hasd held up really well.Ride Like the wind with Michael Mcdonald on back-ground vocals is nice.Sailing is a great Mellow cut.Say you'll be mine is a catchy song.it's a shame that Christopher Cross could  never again capture The essence of this Disc in one Complete Recording  again.but this is a classic Album.very well Produced&amp;solid Music.
0780627016|1.0|It's pretty boring I thought. I really didn't like the movie.
0441172717|5.0|As a huge sci-fi/fantasy reader, it's astonishing how many other books of this &quot;genre&quot; (not that Dune should be placed in a genre; since it practically created one) attempt to duplicate aspects of this masterpiece.   As I was reading, I almost laughed out loud, having read many more recent  books who have tried to duplicate the plot and philosophical views of Dune,  but just don't succeed compared to this!  I can see how it set the standard  for modern sci-fi.  In many ways, the Hyperion series by Dan Simmons is  very similar to it (Hyperion also won the Hugo award).  That is a good  series by the way.  And other popular series' have similar themes...on  reading Dune it becomes obvious where these authors got their ideas.  All I  can say is:  I bow to the master!
6305079900|1.0|I thought The Terminator was the worse movie I have ever seen. Terminator 2 has great special effects than this one. This one was terrilbe and I didn't really like it. I just can't beleive I wasted my money to buy this  on video. The reason why I brought it because I wanted to have both  Terminator movies. I think the second one is the best.
0590353403|3.0|When I first read Harry Potter, I thought it was really good.  Then,  after a while, I saw how thin the plot was.  It is ok, but it has no life.  It is not a book you would want to keep forever. If you want to read some  really good classics, I would reccomend The Chronicles of Narnia.
630575067X|1.0|This was the most disappointing and frustrating movie experience I have endured in a long time.  It has nothing to do with looking for something to dislkie, as is the alleged hip thing to do, it is just a bad movie we are  talking about.  I feel that the supporters of this film are either looking  for something to like 'cause they invested so much time and money and  energy into this, or they are under the age of five, or they simply have  lousy taste in movies.  <br />There is nothing here worth seeing.  Well, maybe  a nice light saber battle, and an exhilirating race scene, but really,  there are many better films with action like that.  A few pearls in a large  pile of garbage does not make for good art.  It isn't even good trash.  It  is a waste of time.  Period.
B000023VR6|5.0|Even after a seven year lay off from his materpiece Chronic, Dre is still  a Lyrical expert with Mad Producing skills.  In comparison to the Chronic,  it's different, but the thing is, it's still an outstanding album!  The  Cronic was Heavy basslines filled in with funky keyboards.  This album is  Shorter, choppier bassline, and strings and piano, and it's still banging.   From beginning to end, it's Banging!  I could talk and compliment this  album all day, but I don't wanna spoil it. So your just gonna hafta buy it  and find out how great this album is for yourself!  Sastisfaction  Guarenteed!
B000023VR6|4.0|Dre's  CD is too tight!  The lyrics are tight, the beats are tight, and his guest performer's are tight!  The only reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 starz is cuz a few of the tracks are too similar. Their beats are too slow,  and too close to being the same.  But that is only a few of the tracks,  everything else is so tight!
B00003CWOL|5.0|I TOTALLY DIG THIS FLICK AND I WORSHIP JAY AND SILENT BOB.  I OWN THE ENTIRE SAGA.  IF YOU LOVE MOVIES, I STRONGLY SUGGEST YOU ADD THIS TO YOUR COLLECTION.  I COULDN'T STOP LAUGHING AT THEM.
B00001QGPS|5.0|This CD had so many sick tracks!  It is a CD that I will be able to listen to for years, and not get sick of it!  Meth &amp; Red are two of the premiere rappers today, and together they are the best.  The CD is hott,  it's got tight lyrics combined wit bumpin beats!  It's all good baby!
B000000OPW|5.0|Without a doubt this is the essential Banshees disc. The flow of the album varies from the force-driven, gothic(?) &quot;Candyman&quot; to the famous dance friendly &quot;Cities In Dust&quot;. Siouxsie's voice is perfect on  every track and &quot;Party's Fall&quot; is considered the first Banshee's  song that shows her vulnerability (yes, she does have a heart). Also  included on the CD are 5 extra tracks that weren't originally on the album.  Overall this album best shows where the Banshee's came from and where they  were going. An interesting side note: In 1987 a Greek hosiery company  needed a song to be featured with their commercial of a brand new line of  panty hose that were particularly seductive, they chose the opening vocals  of &quot;The Sweetest Chill&quot; for their campaign!
B000001EKX|4.0|I agree with the masses that this is a spectacular album, although it is  just too damn short.  Clocking in at just over 33 minutes, i listen and  then wonder...is it worth dropping 12 dollars on?  The answer is a  resounding yes, although keep in mind how short it is.  Definately some of  the better KISS music released.  Conclusion:BUY IT!  Who cares if it is  just a 33 minute high.  At least it is a high.
0684803356|5.0|This is an excellent, immortal novel.  Hemingway truly takes the reader on a journey through his world.  The characters are very real and the book develops with great skill and depth.  This novel should be required reading  for humans.  <br />For Whom the Bell Tolls has no bad points.
6302038308|5.0|This is actually a re-make of the original rather than a sequel.  Ash and his girlfriend go to a cabin in the woods for reasons I don't think need explaining here.  But when Ash finds a tape recorder he plays it out of  curiosity and unwittingly releases body-snatching demons.<br />This is horror  comedy at its most outrageously funny, filled with the gruesome and macabre  but still managing to provide endless humour - Ash's possessed hand attacks  its owner, trees and plants come alive, Ash's girlfriend becomes a comic  ghoul.  The special effects are good and the ending is a knockout.
B000001E7L|5.0|This is an awesome CD.   Many people will not like it, but that is a good  sign IMHO.<br />This album and U2's &quot;Joshua Tree&quot; for some reason  exist as one in my mind. <br />I don't have the Cranberries first CD with  Linger, but I'm going to try it tonight and hopefully it's as good as this  CD!
B000002C1X|5.0|plug in your earphones close your eyes and prepare to be transported to places you,ve never been before, songs like another brick in the wall part 2,young lust,hey you and the truly unforgettable comfortably numb are just  some of the highlights.the wall is in my own humble opinion pink floyds  greatest achievement and is the perfect place to start for anyone not  familiar with the band.if you like this classic then you will have to  purchase wish you were here,dark side of the moon and roger waters amused  to death.goodbye.
6303454488|5.0|This is a great video for anyone who enjoys Dylan.  It is crisp, clear and fresh.  He is absolutely superb in his playing and in performing.  Many of you may not think that Dylan is a great guitar player but watch him in this  video.  He has all the bluegrass moves and for the most part is playing  lead acoustic.  His interpretation of his hits is the best I have seen him  live after 1980.  Bob can JAM!
B00000JCOV|4.0|Ok kids... lets get one thing straight... these guys can play.. sure there are 8 of them, so they should be able to play.. Corey can sing... they grind out the crunchyest of riffs.. and there is the perfect hint of  programming in there... Pantera are still the kings of thrashin metal, but  slipknot is the new kids on the block...
6305718954|5.0|I rented this movie expecting to see a 90's rip off of the exorcist.  Boy, was I wrong!  This movie has so much more content then the previews led you to believe.<br />There are strong religous influences and there is also a love  story of sorts involved.  Dont get me wrong, it is a scary movie, it scared  the witts out of me!  There are not a lot of gory scenes, but they will  still give you the shivers and make the hair on the back of your neck stand  up!<br />Definately, watch this movie!  A must see!
0788811363|4.0|This movie is sad and depressing...but I can't help but watch it. Juliette Binoche is by far the best actress in it, and I can relate to her character. There wasn't much chemistry between Fiennes and Scott Thomas,  though, and that's what drags the movie down a bit. Also... I hate Fiennes  character. He's a total jerk before he gets burned. But then, that speaks  of this movie's power to move people (not out of their seats- hardy har  har). Overall, I think this movie is really good.
B000002LSV|3.0|A GOOD COMPILATION OF HITZ BUY THE GUYZ,I HOPE THEY CAN KEEP ON ROCKIN AND BRING OUT SOME MORE ALBUMZ TO PUT IN MY COLECTION                          THANKZ GUYZ
B00003CXBK|5.0|If you think humans are good or bad, this anime is not for you.... Myazaki has offered us a real jewel, about nature, power and pride! Certainly one of the best anime ever done.....
B000002U82|5.0|this album next to the wall was without a doubt their best album ,an easy to listen to album with a smooth sound can be enjoyed by any generation.it's sales of over 25 million albums says it all about it's  popularity,my personal all time favorite album
B00000I14Z|5.0|This is, without a doubt, one of the most powerful, most heartfelt, and  most influencial jazz recordings ever made.  Please don't rate the music's  quality based upon the tonal discrepancies of your electronic  equipment.<br />Goodbye, Porkpie CD player!
0792839749|2.0|MGM should have known better.  I hope they'll correct this mistake.
B0000028RR|5.0|All the the imitators will fade away(Limp Bizkit, Korn, etc...).  RAGE  will always be respected.  They are true.  They are real.  They are fierce.   They are uncompromising.  This is what makes them the best band of the  90's and sure to be in the new millenium.  Any band that can release only 3  albums in a decade and still create such a stir is definitely a real rock  band.  Thank God for RAGE!  No other band does it like they do!  All 3  albums blow away anything else.  The first is completely insane and will  take you on a ride.  The second will remind you of the greatness.  The  third will open up the door of what's to come.  What a great band!  See  them live and become a true fan!!!!!!  A live show from RAGE is a show you  will never take for granted.  The best band on earth!!!!
B00000J7J4|4.0|This Grammy blockbuster is definitely a good record. But Santana's work goes far from it. It's a little embaracing hear people listen to this album like it was the first record made by the man. Well, the olders fans will  remember of the homonimous first (1969) and third records (1971) and the  supreme Abraxas (1970). That is Santana. A superb guitar player, founder of  a new kind of rock mixed with latin rhythms. Today we've got people like  Rob Thomas or Everlast doing their job to upgrade Santana and translate his  language to the newcomers of rock. Well, we've seen this picture before  and, only speaking for the music, Santana is beyond all of this.  Buy the  record anyway. It's a well-intencioned modern rock record with a superb  guitarrist.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|All the the imitators will fade away(Limp Bizkit, Korn, etc...).  RAGE  will always be respected.  They are true.  They are real.  They are fierce.   They are uncompromising.  This is what makes them the best band of the  90's and sure to be in the new millenium.  Any band that can release only 3  albums in a decade and still create such a stir is definitely a real rock  band.  Thank God for RAGE!  No other band does it like they do!  All 3  albums blow away anything else.  The first is completely insane and will  take you on a ride.  The second will remind you of the greatness.  The  third will open up the door of what's to come.  What a great band!  See  them live and become a true fan!!!!!!  A live show from RAGE is a show you  will never take for granted.  The best band on earth!!!!
0345360338|5.0|Again, Sharon Kay Penman proves she owns the historical novel.  The great thing about this trilogy (&quot;Shadow&quot; is the second, preceded by &quot;Here Be Dragons&quot; and followed by &quot;The Reckoning&quot;) is  that each book can be read alone without having to refer to the others.  I  particularly enjoy her handling of sensitive issues, such as the rampant  anti-Semitism that existed during that time--the scene between Simon de  Montfort and a rabbi who begs mercy after the Jewish ghetto in London is  destroyed on the basis of rumor that gold is hidden there is an absolute  triumph.  A lesser writer would have had de Montfort and the rabbi become  best friends, but Penman sets up a conflict in the mind of de Montfort that  allows him to appreciate the rabbi's intelligence while damning him for not  being a Christian and trying to convert the rabbi on the spot.  Readers who  like their historical novels fluffy think Penman's work is too violent, but  she is simply the best at what she does.
B000000W5L|2.0|Muddy Waters with gospel/Country Western - get a clue....Buy Muddy Waters chess compilation for the master and let the copycat Stones/Zep fans to their relics.  Sorry, but I'm tired of Stones fans' Beatles inferiority  complex that they constantly rip the &quot;studio albums&quot; - or try to  measure up by comparing themseves to Chuck Berry (a bubblegum rocker who'd  eat Keith for breakfast and you know it). Exile on Main Street deserves  more than two stars, but I can't find it in my heart to give it... I'm  tired of the classic rock fans holding on to unchalleging rewrites as high  art.  Punk came and went and classic rock (and it's 3rd eye/Santana/Dave  Matthews/Sheryl Crow successors) still controls the airwaves (sigh).  It's  not our fault Stones/GNR/Eagles fans were born with a bad ear and little  serious musical interest.
0345363132|5.0|Read this for the first time while recovering from a nasty bout of the flu, and instead of getting much needed rest sat up all night reading!  Sharon Kay Penman is probably the only novelist who presents Richard III in  a fair light.  Also, she is one of the few female writers I've read who can  write male characters extremely well.  Don't let the length of it (the  paperback is over nine hundred pages) keep you away--this is a truly great  book.
B00000J7JO|3.0|The dirty little secret of this album is that the return of Frusciante hasn't really jelled yet. Scar Tissue and Otherside are strong singles, but not from the best band around.  Mother's Milk and Blood Sugar both stand  high above this record, not only for the strength of the songs, but mainly  because of all the intangibles.  Both of the 2 earlier records show a band  that can conquer the world and say or do anything.  Californication however  shows a group in mid-life crisis (i'm sorry) - particularly with Anthony.   The lyrics suffer - but the biggest flaw is with Frusciante who has failed  to find the genius attacks and melodies that pepper Blood Sugar Sex Majik.  The album is worth buying, but only because there is little choice for fans  of good alternative.  And if you don't have them BOTH buy Mother's Milk and  Blood Sugar Sex Majik instead.
0812550757|5.0|&quot;Relentlessly, Jane showed the opening of the chest cavity, the ritual removal and placement of body organs on the ground.  Ender forced himself to watch, trying to understand what meaning this could possibly  have to the pequeninos.&quot;--Page 58, Speaker for the Dead by Orson Scott  Card.<br />I hate sci-fi books.  They have always bored me.  Then I read  Ender's Game and loved it.  I couldn't put it down.  The beginning of the  story with a happy group of scientists studying a new race called  pequeninos.  Then one is killed by the pequeninos.<br />Ender came to the  colony of this event and discovers why this happened.  He discovered  everything- the secrets of the pequeninos and their intentions, the truth  behind the seemingly happy people of the colony.  He also revealed to the  pequeninos and the people about himself.<br />It may sound like one of those  typical 1)Problem 2)Hero 3)Problem Solved books, but it's more than that.   You feel the understanding and pain of Ender, and the pain and hardships of  the secrets that are kept for decades. <br />I enjoyed this book immensely.   It would help to read Ender's Game first, which is even better.  Both books  are a link into the human mind.  In short, READ IT!
1558807381|4.0|This movie has a dramatic plot and a very enjoyable movie to watch for Sci-Fi Fantasy lovers everywhere.I simply loved it,one of my favorites by far.You can never get tired watching it.
0783235666|5.0|This was the second Alfred Hitchcock movie I ever saw and I loved it.  The Birds is a great movie. Tippi Hedren is beautiful as the heroine of the movie Melanie Daniels, and Jessica Tandy is great in this movie as well. I  didn't really think this movie was scary though, but the special effects  were impressive for that time period.  One thing I didn't like though is  that it had no music in the whole movie.  But still I liked The Birds. It's  a great movie and I would recommened it!
0783204914|4.0|Scent of a Woman is definitely a favorite of mine. Today thereare so few characters in movies that get beyond &quot;ho hum&quot; fororiginality, and, love him or hate him, Colonel Frank Slade is strictly original.  Pacino carries the part off with such style and charm and terror that he is truly unforgettable.  The tango scene, his airplane monologue on women, the suicide scene, and his defense of Charlie are all quite brilliant and reflect some real work.  As for Chris O'Donnell, have you seen this guy's work in Fried Green Tomatos or Circle of Friends?  He may not be all he will become yet, but he is a fine young actor.  How do you even remain noticable beside Al Pacino when your character is so understated and his is so flamboyant?  The fact that you even knew his name by the end of the film says that he didn't do half bad.  This is a fine film in many ways.  Loved it.
B00003A9QL|5.0|Metallica has often been referred to as the gods of rock, and while they are not gods, they have managed to remain the greatest hard-rock band of the 80's and 90's and with the release of S&amp;M it appears they will  carry that reputation into Y2K as well.   Their blend of Classical and Rock  has succesfully merged the two genres together and that success is  demonstrated on S&amp;M.  The merger of the two are flawless and S&amp;M  demonstrates the flexibilty of music and Metallica has taken their music to  the next level as well on this release.<br />While it may take some getting  used to for die-hard old school Metallica fans I belive that they have  manged to stay true to their roots and that was and is to constantly  redefine their genre and by so doing they have stayed on top of the music  industry for almost twenty years.  S&amp;M is the culmination of  Metallica's efforts to do this and this CD is by far one of their best and  I would recommend this CD to Metallica fan or to any student of music as  this is (I belive) the first succesfull blend of Rock and Classical  together.
0312243022|5.0|In this novel I found, as I delved deeper into its pages, the appreciation for beautiful prose- writing that ebbs with spirit, passion, and the intricacies of our deepest thoughts as we live day to day. The last  chapters were an amazing suprise as I discovered the relation between Mrs.  Brown and Ms. Dalloway. The &quot;moral&quot; of this story is a strong  point well worth being more cognizant of. Enjoy.
0140441409|5.0|Should be right next to the Bible next to your bed.  A great and timeless and extraordinary book.  The Penguin Classics's edition is not only the best edition but the only edition you should read.  I try to read parts of  a couple of chapters every night.  Marcus Aurelius deserves the Pulitzer  Prize.
B000002G87|5.0|I was in the Navy when I first heard this album, and, being a young pup, the only song that interested me was &quot;Layla&quot; because that was the only song on the album that was played on the radio. I didn't care about  the other songs. I soon tired of the song because I heard it all the time,  espacially during Clapton's resurgence in popularity. But I gave the album  another listen to the album about four years ago, and I was stunned by the  brilliance and emotion of the album. Clapton was a tortured soul at that  time, and in spite of that he created a timeless classic. The song that  really hit me was &quot;Keep On Growing.&quot; It is a tour de force. If  you are a fan of this album, I would also recommend getting &quot;The Layla  Sessions,&quot; a 3-CD boxed set that contains jams, rehearsals and  outtakes from the sessions, including a jam with Duane, Gregg and the rest  of the Allman Brothers Band.
0140441409|5.0|Should be right next to the Bible next to your bed.  A great and timeless and extraordinary book.  The Penguin Classics's edition is not only the best edition but the only edition you should read.  I try to read parts of  a couple of chapters every night.  Marcus Aurelius deserves the Pulitzer  Prize.
0140441409|5.0|Should be right next to the Bible next to your bed.  A great and timeless and extraordinary book.  The Penguin Classics's edition is not only the best edition but the only edition you should read.  I try to read parts of  a couple of chapters every night.  Marcus Aurelius deserves the Pulitzer  Prize.
0140441409|5.0|Should be right next to the Bible next to your bed.  A great and timeless and extraordinary book.  The Penguin Classics's edition is not only the best edition but the only edition you should read.  I try to read parts of  a couple of chapters every night.  Marcus Aurelius deserves the Pulitzer  Prize.
0140441409|5.0|Should be right next to the Bible next to your bed.  A great and timeless and extraordinary book.  The Penguin Classics's edition is not only the best edition but the only edition you should read.  I try to read parts of  a couple of chapters every night.  Marcus Aurelius deserves the Pulitzer  Prize.
B000021XS0|5.0|This album is the best from DT and a natural follow up to Images and Words. Musicianship is excellent  Too bad todays kids don't listen to this kind of music anymore....
B00000K19E|5.0|I have this movie on DVD and it is a classic. It has superior picture clarity, sound and awesome special effects.The cast is very good. This movie makes you think about your world very much. The action scenes were  great and the storyline very impressive.The special features are really  cool too! I love the way Keanu can dodge those bullets!This movie is  excellent in all of it's areas. I strongly recommend this one for those of  you with outstanding taste for expensive movies. A great addition to any  DVD collection.
B00000ILBK|5.0|This is a good movie,verry enjoyable.I love all the S.T. movies, but I feel that the even numbered episodes are better than the odd numbered episodes.I say this because of those who may not know, Insurection is the  9th in the series.BUT this movie is almost the exception.Although its not  as exciting as First Contact its without a doubt better than Generations  and every other odd numbered movie in the series. IN my opinion its the  best odd movie, I highly recomend it. One thing I would like to see with  the next generation films that was done with the first generation, is a few  of the movies tie together like episodes 2,3 and 4 did. Also for those who  like extras on dvd,this movie has behind the senes making of and 2  trailers.
B00000ICN5|5.0|If you can't appreciate the music on this cd, then you aren't a fan of true, god-blessed American music. Stevie Ray Vaughan absolutely RIPS on this cd! When you listen to it, you'll notice two of the songs sound  exactly alike, referring to &quot;Pride and Joy&quot; and &quot;Tell  Me.&quot; When Stevie's wife first heard &quot;Pride and Joy&quot;, she  became jealous thinking he had written it for another woman. So, the poor  guy went and rewrote it with different lyrics.(A little trivia for ya...)  Anyway, this cd is a must!  The title cut is the blues anthem of the  eighties AND nineties!
B000002I6X|3.0|All right, it's a matter of taste, granted, but Stephen Stills is a guy who, for me, works best when he's with others who hold their own with him. When he calls all the shots, you get albums like this one, which have a few  great songs and a LOT of misfires. Steve the Street Preacher testifying  about &quot;What-We-All-Need-To-Do-Brothers-And-Sisters&quot; was a lame  act back in 1971 when he recorded &quot;Relaxing Town,&quot; &quot;Word  Game&quot; and &quot;Ecology Song,&quot; and the passage of time hasn't  helped it any. On the other hand, when Stills kept it simple, he hit home  runs; &quot;Marianne&quot; is a honey of a song with a great slide riff  moving it fast and flowing; &quot;Singin' Call&quot; is one of his finest  lyrics and his performance here is gentle and knowing (Check out his re-do  of it on the out-of-print STILLS ALONE CD---it blows this version away!);  and the man will ever be one of the best (and most underrated)  guitar-pickin' dudes around. This isn't a bad album, mostly, but beware of  the &quot;masterpiece&quot; tag; this isn't a masterpiece by a long shot.
0671015206|1.0|this book just tells you to live like a miser.  money is made to be spent goofball.
0784010188|5.0|Terminator 2 has gotta be one of the most action-packed, gut wrenching movie I have ever seen. Arnold has an excellent role as the Terminator assigned to protect John. His enemy, another Terminator which is more  advanced than him, who has been assigned to destroy John, the leader of the  humans. The movie has great sound and radical special effects. The whole  movie keeps you on the edge of your seat.The fighting scenes were very good  and the ending was a bit abrupt, but rather sad. I strongly recommend this  one to those of you who enjoy great action and great fight scenes. Watch  it, then if ya like it, buy it here!
B000002I27|5.0|This is the greatest piece of musical work ever produced in human exisistance. This penitrates not only the city that sleeps to hide the night but also the subconsciencious fear of everything. As a young child my  mother played these songs and it frightened me as a teenager i played them  so much people feared me. So, before the music is over turn out the lights,  light some candles, put on a blacklight, or a strobe, or both, crank these  songs and blow your mind and venture on the dark side, because STRANGE DAYS  HAVE FOUND US!
B00003CWPR|5.0|As with almost all of Kubrick's films, Eyes Wide Shut is a piece that is ahead of its time.  The reaction to this film is just what I had expected.  Time and time again, during the initial release of a new Kubrick film,  reaction is ALWAYS sharply divided.  The reviews are mainly negative and  the public does'nt seem to know what to make of the film.  Just go back and  look at the original reviews for &quot;2001&quot; when it first came out  back in 1968.  They're devestating.  Now the film continually makes many 10  best lists.  This goes for most of his films.  I think that the film will  stand the test of time (in fact some film critics who panned the film are  coming around already).  Today's moviegoing public just does'nt seem to  have the patience to stay with a film such as this.  Kubrick's multilayed  film requires one to &quot;think&quot; and work for its rewards.  There is  no question he intended to capture a dream state on film, hence the  unreality of the sets, the stylized lighting, the surreal masked ball, ect.   As with all Kubrick films, the atmosphere is tightly controlled, the  pacing deliberate and at times even langourous, the dialogue intentionally  repetitive, and the direction, so stylized and instantly recognizable that  there is no question who made this film.  The media had built up  expectations to the point of insane frenzy, no movie could have lived up to  that.  If you're expecting to see first class porn with A list stars and  very kinky hardcore sex scenes, you my friend are sadly mistaken and will  be disappointed.  But is you go in knowing this is a very surreal art film  you may like it.  Lastly, I feel the need to &quot;join in with the rest of  the chorus&quot;, I wish the unedited version would have been presented on  DVD. It's an absolute shameful decision on WB's part regardless of  &quot;Kubrick's final wishes&quot;.  An alternate version MUST be  presented.
0790736233|1.0|This is the most boring movie I have ever seen! Do yourself a favor and never see or buy this movie! I'm not kidding!
B000002WYT|5.0|This cd is awsome. Dave Matthews is such a talented guy, and same with the rest of the band. I totaly recomend this cd.<br /> Later- Chelsea Smith
B0000062FN|4.0|This is the good Santana music I wanna hear! Not that trashy Supernatural album!
B00000IO4J|4.0|I thought this movie was great. Some may say that it is a typical horror flick for teens. Well I disagree. This movie has a great plot for being a horror movie. In fact even i thought this one would just be a repeat of  awful horror flicks such as &quot;I know what you did last summer&quot; and  &quot;scream&quot;. But this movie surprised me. Besides having teens  playing the roles of teens. Unlike &quot;scream&quot; for instance. I found  the meshing of different cliques to be refreshing and new. The story line  of teens fighting aliens trying to take over the planet may not be new. But  I think this movie puts a new and creative spin on it, without making it  too dramatic. During the most climactic scenes the mood is set by some  great comedic writing. In my opinion this is definately a movie you should  see.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Enema of the State, the third album from Blink 182 (4th if you include Buddha) finds the band tweaking their sound a bit. Consequently, the songs on Enema of the State are their strongest, but they maintain the band's  trademark adolescent humor.<BR><BR>In comparison to their last album, Dude  Ranch, this one is superior in almost every way.  It's not completely  different though.  &quot;Aliens Exist,&quot; &quot;Dysentary Gary,&quot;  and &quot;Dumpweed&quot; would fit well on Dude Ranch.  Blink 182's skill  as musicians has grown by leaps and bounds.  Their songs are easily  recognized and almost completely different from one another, as opposed to  Dude Ranch, which ran together sometimes.<BR><BR>Some of the songs on Enema  of the State are actually about things other than the normal Blink 182  fare.  They still have odd love songs, like &quot;All the Small  Things&quot; and &quot;Going Away to College.&quot;  They even sing about  suicide on &quot;Adam's Song.&quot;  Something which is often overlooked by  critics is the song-writing prowess of Mark Hoppus and Tom DeLonge.  Even  the adolescent entries on this album have intelligent and quirky lyrics,  like &quot;I need a girl that I can train,&quot; (&quot;Dumpweed&quot;) and  &quot;I play with fire to break the ice&quot; (&quot;Wendy Clear&quot;).   One of the most notable changes on Enema of the State is Tom DeLonge's  singing.  He sounds less whiny and annoying.  His new mode of singing shows  on great songs like &quot;Mutt&quot; and &quot;Anthem.&quot;<BR><BR>Unlike  most of their contemporaries, Blink 182 doesn't muddle their music with  politically correct BS.  They sing about real things (most of the time) in  their own views, something I, for one, find refreshing in other bands too  (Limp Bizkit, Bloodhound Gang).<BR><BR>Thankfully, after their  career-breaking &quot;Dammit,&quot; Blink 182 really hasn't sold out. The  only people who claim this are just mad that the band they followed before  they gotbig is now popular, and they're not &quot;special&quot; anymore.
068484267X|5.0|When I first bought this book,I had no idea what I was getting into, because I had not heard about it.I started reading because of great interest in knowing about people.I cannot but admire the author not only for his courage to be witty about a childhood spent in utter poverty but  also to come out of it and become renowned as he has. From the place where  I come people who are poor are supposed to gather sympathys from the more  fortunate brethren whether that comes in the form of money or then pity is  all welcome. I want to know how could one get so educated and write such a  beautiful book as this one?
B00000ADG2|5.0|The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is one of the best albums ever! Her voice is so beautiful and she puts so much feeling in her wonderful music. She is not a racist, her music unites all races of people. She is a beautiful  person inside and out and I cannot wait for her next album.
B00003CWOL|4.0|After a wait of about three years Kevin Smith has delivered another master piece. The film that was essentially conceived out of controversy is finally available and thankfully it isn't as bad as some might have you  think. In Dogma Kevin has bought together a great cast whose chemistry  shows on screen so well that you would think that they weren't acting. The  actual script is also well written in the Kevin Smith style that shows us a  twisted and somewhat pessimistic view or reality. The special effects (of  which there are many) are not as good as they could of been but they don't  detract from the film. We are also treated to an appearance by Jay (Jason  Mewes) and Silent Bob (Keven Smith) who, as in previous movies, steal the  show with their andtics. Teh soundtrack is also excellent and fits teh mood  of each moment with precision. Overall the film is excellent, now if only  it hadn't taken that long to be released.
0679721037|3.0|In my opinion,Hiroshima was not really a good book becoz mainly the setting out of the book was too confusing for the reader.I know the writer trying to create an atmoshpere of what's happening but i find it too difficult to remember what had happen to the last character i've read.Also  it was pretty much predictable and i find it hard to understand some of the  words the writer use.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD has lyrics that are actually good! You can tell by listening that someone put time into these lyrics. The beats are good, too. There are some Christian ideas in some songs. I really like this CD a lot. Good Work,  Savage Garden!
630179513X|5.0|Although this one may seem a bit slow in some parts, it is still one the best adventure/commedy movies ever made. In my opinion, the first film is the best in that category.   There is a great love story, many hilarious  moments, tons of suspense and action.  I can watch Back to the Future films  again and again and I never get tired of them. A classic.
6305776369|1.0|uggggggggggggggh this has to be THE most disgusting movie ever made. I hated Molly Shanon, I hated the hero, I hated the dialogue and by the end I was ready to bang my head against the wall. had to watch a couple of my  fav. ones like clueless and braveheart to wash away its nasty effects. I am  really surprised at the film makers. WHAT IN GOD'S NAME WERE THEY THINKING  OF!
1559211407|5.0|Charming. Moving. Amazing. This is one of the best books I have read in years.  Brought tears of joy to my eyes more than once as I read it (on the plane).  Its a quick read, but captivating and fun.  Humerous, lovable, interesting and a wonderful reflection on human nature, how different  people see things differently, how different people 'connect' with  different things and people....<br />Great book.
B00003CX5A|5.0|THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN IS ON THE LOOSE AND CANT BE KILLED!  tHIS MOVIE IS A GREAT MOVIE ABOUT A HEADLESS HORSEMAN WHO GOES AROUND DECAPITATING PEOPLE. HE CANT BE STOPPED UNTIL HE FINDS HIS HEAD, WHICH SOMEONE IS  HIDING. WILL HE FIND HIS HEAD AND RETURN TO HELL? FIND OUT IN THIS THRILLER  FEATRURING JONNY DEPP AND CHRISTINA RICCI. DIRECTED BY TIM BURTON
0393317552|5.0|Other reviewers thus far have been very eloquent in lauding &quot;Guns, Germs, and Steel&quot;, and there is little I can add that has not been said before.  Diamond has pulled off a rare feat--he has written a book  that completely transformed the way I view history.  It is as if I had been  seeing it through a murky, sepia-toned filter that has now been stripped  away.  <br />I am a student of both history and anthropology, with a  particular interest in the meeting of cultures (and the resulting  conflicts), and &quot;Guns, Germs, and Steel&quot; has changed the way I  approach and analyze those historical events. Diamond writes very well (not  just for an academic audience), and for the curious, omnivorous reader this  book is definitely worth your time.
089966301X|5.0|After having read Ford Mmaddox Ford, Virginia Woolf, and DH Lawrence - Forster contemporaries - I was shocked that I thoroughly enjoyed Howard's End. I found those other writers to be wordy and dull, but what could you  expect from a bloody colonial.  <br />The story involves the effects that  three famillies have on each other - The Schlegel's inherited wealth whose  purpose in life is to enjoy the finest music,literature and art; the newly  rich Wilcox', arrogant and self important; and Leonard Bast and his trashy  wife. Bast longs for the same kind of life that the Schlegel's enjoy,  knowing full well that he will never better his class in life.<br />The  Sclegel sisters befriend the Wilcox's on a trip to Europe. After an ill  fated romance ends betwen Helen, the youngest Schlegel sister and the  youngest Wilcox son, Margarett Schlegel intensifies her friendship with  Mrs. Schlegel who is somehow more compassionate than her husband and  children.<br />After Mrs. Wilcox death, Margarett and Henry Wilcox, the  patriarch, become friends, get engaged and marry.The Schlegel's misguided  attempt to assist Leonard Bast in bettering his life results is humiliation  to everyone involved and eventually ends in tragedy.<br />The heroine is  Margarett Schlegel whose strength pulls everyone together at the end.
B000001OAA|5.0|This Is an excelent c.d. If you like Hole, or simular artists you will love this c.d. Shirely Manson sings excelent, and the Band is great.
6305265666|5.0|First of all, for those of you who can't seem to appreciate this film, you are truly missing out.  &quot;Ever After&quot; was a beautiful movie that made me laughed and cried!  And Drew Barrymore is a great actress!  This is  one of my all-time favorites!  And for those of you who complain about the  &quot;DeVinci&quot; typos -- remember that this IS a film purly for  entertainment.  If it's great (which it is!), nothing else matter.  I mean,  how much can that slight typo affect the point of the story!   &quot;Ever  After&quot; is simply sweet and innocent, anyone can enjoy it!
B00000IPAX|4.0|this is one of the greatest cd's ever along with lit's a place in the sun.  u should buy it right now and listen 2 it 24/7.  that's what i did!
0590373587|5.0|this was a groovy book that got you thinking, I couldn't put it down, it got more and more exciting, I love Lois Lowry's books!
0064471047|5.0|I think this book is fonomanal it is the most exciting fantsy book I have ever read it is about these 4 children who go into another world through a wardrobe they meet a witch, a lion, a faun, and some friendly beavers.  while they are in Narnia they have to try to save...... If I go any further  I might get carried away and spoil the story. but I highly recomend you  read this book after I read this book I went right on to  the next one  which is Prince Caspian I also recomend reading the whole collection if you  like the first. I hope this helps you decide whether you want to read this  or not.  Again you really should read it
B00000JCB2|5.0|I will review this album song by song:     #1- This isn't even a song, about 6 seconds long, wicked stinks     #2- Great party song     #3- I never get tired of this classic LB song     #4- Pretty good, but the kiddies should get the edited version     #5- OK, but it gets pretty  annoying after hearing it on the radio and on MTV 1,000,000 times     #6-  OK. Nice guitars.     #7- Jon Davis is awesome on this track! If U like  Korn, you'll love this!     #8- stinks     #9- Just OK.     #10- Probably  the best song on this CD     #11- See #6     #12- This song's pretty funny      #13- See #2     #14- See #8     #15- See #12     #16- This is pretty  confusing. Just wait until U hear Matt talk, and after that wait until the  &quot;Firecracker&quot; man sing. These are both very funny little LPs.       This CD is wicked better than the first one.  You are not a true Limp Bizkit fan if you  don't get it! Be ready for the new one, Limpependence day!
B00000FCBC|2.0|Mostly remakes of their older songs, some of which are quite good.  Only liked a few of the new ones, though.  Just not one of their better albums.
B00000J2KX|4.0|This film is one of my all time favorites...I watch scenes of it all the time.  I think that every actor and actress does a great job, especially Danny Lloyd, the son.  Stanley Kubrick takes a different route with horror  by giving the audience a psychotic twist and who better to deliver it than  Jack Nicholson.  The movie is scary and suspenseful and in some scenes,  Nicholson goes so crazy it's hilarious. I bought this on DVD so it would  last a long time and have great sound &amp; picture.  The picture is grainy  and has black spots that flicker every so often. Some scenes are better  than others.  The sound is awful, I had to turn up the volume all the way  to hear it comfortably and it's in mono audio. (I would have given this  movie 5 stars but because of the disappointing DVD format.) It does have a  plus though, a quite long and interesting Behind the scenes documentary  made by Kubrick's wife that has up close interviews with everyone and you  even get to see Kubrick work with the actors.  Great movie, but could have  been done a lot better on DVD.  (Try reading the book.)
B000000QFV|2.0|Quite a let down when you compare with other Sabbath albums..not just the ones from the Ozzy Era but also one's like Headless Cross.I have listened to it once or maybe twice since I picked it up but there's nothing that  distinctly would qualify as heavy or the traditional Sabbath sound.The ones  that I might say were better than the rest of the tracks were-AnnoMundi,The  Battle of Tyr &amp; Heaven in Black.This album for some reasons seems to  have just come out for maybe want of a Sabbath album.I'll have to agree  with the majority out here that if you're looking for a Sabbath album pick  up anyone from the Ozz / Dio days or maybe go for Headless Cross(compared  to this even Forbidden would sound better).Musically and lyrically speaking  it's weak..almost like having a pint of beer with water..no buzz is what  you get.
6305508550|5.0|This has to be one of the funniest films I've ever seen. The key to this movie being such a success...great writers. The jokes are so innovative and different. This movie seems to be so different from any other comedy or  satire that I've seen. I could not stop laughing. Very well done. Great for  those of you who aren't too happy with your job. Relax and take a look at  this movie. Also, very good on DVD. Very Nice sound and picture quality.  Few extra features but it's all about the movie. It's also great to watch  with a group of friends or even co-workers.
B00000JCOV|1.0|I got this CD in August and at first i kind of enjoyed them but now i cant listen to this anymore. This isnt heavy metal at all. Sure you can say its heavy metal when you compare it to Limp Bizkit and Nsync, but this is not  really heavy metal. if you think this is heavy at all you should listen to  Thrash/Speed, some Black, some Death, or some Melodic Metal. This is just  pop music with louder guitars and a pretty good drummer(I gotta give Joey  some credit). the only people that think this is heavy metal are people who  have never listened to real metal in their entire lives. and also these  guitar riffs are the worst ive ever heard in my life of a pop band like  this. and yes they are pop music. this one band is more well known than the  whole genre of black metal. also compared to some death and black metal  bands, they are not sick people at all. they just have this sic image for  publicity.
B00000ILDE|4.0|Aliens on DVD is very good.  For you fans of science fiction, this is what you've been waiting for. The sound and musical score is absolutely amazing and the picture quality is what I had hoped for.  If you're looking for a  good science ficton or action film and are usually disappointed by the  quality of DVD's, get this film.  You will disappointed with neither.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I have this album and I love it. The lyrics are well written and the music is delicious. And just as a side note-- Hannah from New York rated this cd and she says that if you like NSYNC you won't like this. Well, I LOVE NSYNC  and I also like Fiona Apple. It is really kind of silly to assume people  may not like Fiona simply because they listen to other kinds of music. I  happen to enjoy jazz, alternative, pop, rock, and R and B. Fiona is a great  artist and she puts on a good show. This album shows more growth as a  musician. I think that she should try dabbling with jazz, she certainly has  the voice for it.
0156421178|4.0|I have read quite a few of Orwell's books, but this one has to be my favourite. The reason being that it is one of the easiest ways to understand war. It tells it's tale from the point of view of someone who lived through it. It showed the high points, and the low points. What  really makes this book stand out is its human quality. Orwell was not a  soldier in the traditional sense,he just felt compelled to fight faschism,  and that is what makes this book so special. Another aspect of this book  that i liked so much was it's journalistic qualities. I suggest everyone  reads this book.
B000006FYP|5.0|okay. this movie ruled! (of course all the batman movies do) but i found this one almost the best batman movie. it had good actors, and a good plot. you should see it
0553260081|5.0|Even if you do not know anything about the author, Sylvia Plath, and her troubled life, it is still very easy to get into the book, The Bell Jar. The reason is, we have all at one time in our life felt like we were trapped, and plath's sutle genius shines through this book. It has an  almost naive quality about it. The main character of Esther is like the  voice inside all of our heads.     i doubt very much that books such as  Prozac Nation would have ever been printed if Plath hadn't done it first.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|Though most who saw this movie didn't like it, I believe it is one of the most amazing movies ever made. Many say it was too slow which makes me sad,  I think the pacing and rhythm of the film were perfectly appropriate,  essential to the essence of this movie. It was a masterpiece of film  making. After leaving the theater I felt incredibly lucky to have been able  to experience such a phenomenal film. I feel for those who didn't have  enough patience and imagination to let this movie reach them, it is their  loss. For those who enjoyed it as I did, share your opinion with others so  they may indulge their curiousity and see it for themselves rather than be  turned off to the possibility by those who don't like it and seam to speak  the loudest.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I'm a stick-in-the-mud who doesn't stray far from my favorite genres of classical, big band, and swing, so I was reluctant to give in to my son who HOUNDED me to buy this CD after hearing &quot;My Weakness&quot; on The  X-Files. Well folks, Moby's music has knocked me off my center--the music  is full of tradition and innovation, blended beautifully. It feels like  warm day with friends. I cannot stop playing it. Please try this CD.
6305508550|5.0|Probably the funniest movie about corporate America that I have EVER seen. From disgruntled employees to annoying co-workers, this movie has it all. A definate buy. If you enjoy movies like Caddy Shack and Princess Bride, you  will love this.
B00000DMJF|4.0|I agree with George Martin when he says the White Album should have half of it thrown away. If The Beatles took the strongest songs on the album and issued them as a single LP, then it would pass &quot;Revolver&quot; and  &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; as their best work. As it stands now I rate it  behind &quot;Revolver&quot;, &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, &quot;Rubber  Soul&quot;, &quot;Abbey Road&quot; and &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;.  Still it is a very strong piece of work even with its weaknesses.
6302820448|5.0|Hey, so this flic is &quot;Popular in: Wheaton, IL&quot;, my home town! I felt so bad about dissing Bill so roundly for The Razor's Edge, I had to log back on and do this. I don't know if this qualifies as one of Siskel  and Ebert's &quot;guilty pleasures&quot;, but I simply adore this movie.  I've seen it so many times, and I still chortle all the way through. I'm  glad it's becoming a holiday classic. Bill, the big lug, is pitch perfect  as the pompous doofus who finally gets it right. Andie McDowell is  charming, and even that highly grating jackass Chris Elliott is sufferable.
0671045865|3.0|4 WORDS FOR YOU: A VERY GOOD BOOK. It is a good book. STRONGLY recommended for those Teenagers who love thrilling, suspencful-adventure book! It's was great!
B00003CWPQ|1.0|I had heard that Eyes Wide Shut wasn't any good, but I went ahead and rented it to see what all the &quot;talk&quot; was about. What a terrible dissapointment! This movie was like a soft core porno flick. The only plot  this movie had was sex. Cruise and Kidman didn't do too good a job acting  either. Eyes Wide Shut was a bad movie from the get go. I would advise not  renting it.
0790730960|5.0|KEATON IS THE BEST BATMAN EVER!  Well this movie is just as good as Batman because Tim Burton directed them both I think that Batman Returns is even darker than Batman but they are both good I don't know why Keaton and  Burton didn't at least make a third movie of Batman he destroyed everything  by giving Schumacher BATMAN I really hope that WB offers lots of millions  to Burton to return and continue with a story after Batman Returns and the  guys at WB don't re-release never again on any format not even on TV Batman  Forever and the piece of garbage of Batman &amp; Robin I hope they act like  if those two movies had never existed deleted, erased from time. Elfman is  great as always in every movie soundtrack he has worked with Tim Burton.  PLEASE KEATON, BURTON &amp; ELFMAN COME BACK!
6305718903|5.0|I thought this movie was going to be scary thats why I wanted to see it because a lot of movies out there know are not scary. Well this movie was scary and I loved it it was much better then I thought it would be. This is  defintly worth the three bucks that you pay to rent it. It was so good I  want to buy it.
B000000WG4|5.0|Music is one of my favorite things in life.  I started liking certain music when I was younger, when my dad used to play it on the stereo.  I remember being awed when I heard it for the first time.  The music sounded  like it flowed together.  I'm really not into instumental music, but this  gem is a rare exception.  I have listened to this numerous times, and it  never gets boring.  It actually relaxes me.  Everytime I'm in a down or bad  mood, I'll pop this cd in, and I'll become relaxed while listening to it.   I swear that it sounds like a story's being told, if that makes sense.  I  don't know much about the aspects of music, but I do know that this cd  sounds beautifully to my ears.  Both parts are good, but I think that Part  One is unparalled.  Because of this, I think that it should be considered  one of the best of all time.
0385484518|5.0|Exceptional...a book you should read as soon as possible. I have read many many books, and this is one of the best. No, it is not long, and no it does not go into prolonged philosophies about life (which a few readers have blasted it for), but it does make you think about your own life and how  short it is. Will you change after reading this book? That depends on you,  but it will definitely make you think. Do yourself a favor and read it.
6303149200|5.0|The Wicker Man is a chilling horror film to many individuals who's view of religion is somewhat limited. To myself and my fellow pagans around my stomping grounds, this is possibly the most accurate portrayal of the Craft  ever put to celluloid (aside, of course, from the last ten minutes...which  in itself is anciently historically accurate, i.e. the ancient Druids.) It  is a funny movie as well, to those who know how to view it right. I can't  imagine any honest to goodness pagan having a problem with The Wicker  Man...After all, a pagan without a sense of humor isn't much of a pagan. I  thoroughly enjoyed this movie and I hope that if and when it becomes  available through Amazon that you leap at the opportunity to buy it. And as  has been mentioned in the reviews, it shrewdly forces you to think about  where exactly you get your own morality, and if morality is indeed  universal. It's fun, with some good music and some good points. The ending  might be off when you look at modern paganism, but up until then, it is  dead on.
B000005DSN|4.0|This CD is the masterpiece of masterpieces in pop metal. It contains my favourite stratovarius song &quot;Legions&quot;. This CD is almost good as episode was. It's worth buying it!
6305428220|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  Of course you know that somehow the day will be saved yet,it keeps you at the edge of your seat.  Not only is it suspensful, but it has a darn good lookin actor in it- Josh Harnett, who  will soon be in Here on earth!  This is terrific movie and I highly  recomend you buy it.  You won't be sorry if you do.
0553213105|4.0|Although I am only half-way through this book, I am finding it very interesting. It IS a romance, this fact may turn people off, but (as far as I have gone anyway) there is much more to the story! So far, it is very  enjoyable, and is teaching me a lot about that time period--what it was  like for women in England then. I suggest you read it! Even if you feel  that you are a little young. I am 15, I read a lot, and perhaps I'm not  understanding everything, but it is enjoyable nontheless!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed rules and they are they best. nuff said
B000002J1M|5.0|A friend of my dad's gave me a tape of this when I was 9. It totally befuddled and fascinated me. I found much amusement in the utter weirdness of the singer, Peter Gabriel. I played it over and over again. I couldn't  wait to come home from school so that I could play it again. Along with  &quot;Tom Jones' greatest hits,&quot; it was my favorite record. At around  the age of 11, having worn out many tapes of &quot;Foxtrot,&quot; I stopped  listening to it and switched to &quot;hard rock&quot; to avoid being called  a &quot;wus&quot; by my &quot;friends.&quot; Later on, I rediscovered it  again and again while I went through different periods of listening to  different types of music. While records like &quot;Sgt.Pepper&quot; and  Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot; lost their charm for me, this one never  did. Recently I played it for my sister's 7 year old kid and he was  immediately drawn to it, so I gave it to him as a present; all his little  friends like it too. Let me tell you, if there ever was a better record to  introduce kids to sophisticated musical salads and transcendent aesthetic  realities this is it. It is totally accessible and deceptively  &quot;cheesy&quot; sounding, yet never trite or stupid. It is far from the  bombastic macho posturings of most rock bands. And as they grow older, they  will discover for themselves, like I did, that they can dig as deep as they  want to, that this utterly weird music is balanced to quite a high  standard, and is  actually better than most of the music they're  &quot;supposed to listen to&quot; as respectable adults.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Contrary to what others seem to be saying this is a great cd with a lot of good tracks.  You will enjoy this for some time!
B000001IPL|5.0|This is the best album offspring ever done. I dont know what to say I havnt heard anything like this cd.   My favorite songs are Smash, Come out and Play and of cource the best of them all Self esteem But really I cant  find one bad track. So if you dont have it buy it now!
0671004107|5.0|One of the best (and most realistic) first CONTACT(no pun) yarns ever written,,with wonderfully fleshed out characters(unlike the sterile Asimov and the ridiculously cartoonish Niven) without the sometimes overly  mystical quliities of Clarke and Bradbury. A moving and touching capstone  to the work of a true giant in the SETI field CONTACT is a paen to  &quot;hard&quot; SF that speculates on the possible in the here and  almost-now rather than the sometimes ridiculous space opera with mythical  laser gun battles and aliens that speak perfect English. Reminiscent of  Asimovs(un-Asimovian) The Gods Themselves and the recently published &quot;  A Quiet Invasion&quot;
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Sure this is a greate cd but I like their early cd:s better. After a while its almost boring to listen to some songs. But there are a couple of great songs to for example Walla Walla, Staring at the sun and Pretty fly (for a  wite guy) . This is after all a cd worth buying!
B000009CEM|3.0|Their vocalist pulls the Band down . I mean, you may want to change tones when you sing, but their vocalist keeps on and on  for ages. It's frustratingly boring to listen to. the other band members are great, but  lose the vocalist will ya.
B000002GY9|5.0|Don't hesitate to buy this CD.  I've owned it for 12 years and still manage to play it about once a week.  Every song on the disc is a complete gem.  Nobody has the depth of expression of Tom Waits and this album  catches him while his voice was at its raspy best.  Sit back and let old  Tom take you on a tour through his down-and-out world.
B0000039LE|3.0|This is better than &quot;Halloween II&quot;. John Carpenter has this spice that make movies like this really good. This movie is far better than the Freddy Krueger or Jason flicks. This has unexpected twists and turns,  and I highly recommend this movie for die-hard Michael Myers fans, with  Jamie Lee Curtis to make it extra better. Rated R for violence, language,  and adult situations.
1558803602|5.0|An all-time favorite true love, soul mates story. My husband and I love this film. Dorinda is a great character that I adore, (I don't do &quot;girl clothes&quot; often either!)  John Goodman's performance as the  sidekick-best buddy-big brother-confidant and all around caretaker/good guy  is one of his best efforts! Richard Dreyfuss does humility quite well. So,  see it, you'll love it too.
6305137293|1.0|Sorry. When I saw this movie, I thought it would be good, like the first Halloween movie. It was disappointing. When Michael is supposedly left for dead at the end of the first movie, he comes back and finds that Laurie  (Jamie Lee Curtis) is staying at a nearby hospital and comes for revenge.  When he gets there, he proceeds to kill almost anybody (except Laurie, Dr.  Loomis, and Laurie's friend). This is had practically no suspense, except  Michael jumping out of the shadows to murder somebody who gets in his way.  Rated R for language and violence-related gore.
B00000IOSU|1.0|Enough already! Fans of Sarah should finally say &quot;Stop!&quot; to the never-ending stream of repeat material from this fine artist. There's no question that she writes great songs, and there's no question that she has  a great voice. But ever since &quot;Solace&quot; way back when, Sarah has  followed up every album with a live album or a remix album or an alternate  takes / demos album. <br />How many versions of &quot;Ice Cream&quot; are out  there now? Four? <br />While the sound is pretty good on this album, the  fade-in-fade-outs are annoying and none of the versions come close to their  original forms. &quot;I Will Remember You&quot; was great four years ago  when it first came out, and the studio version should have won a Grammy a  long long time ago . . . so how is it the live version becomes a hit?  <br />Sarah McLachlan and Netwerk are just trying to extory money from her  fans. <br />Boo!
6305265488|3.0|What can I say? This movie is the perfect romance movie with humor in it. Drew Barrymore gives an outstanding performance as Danielle. Anjelica Huston gives another fabled performance as the Countess. Dougray Scott  gives a humorous performance as the Prince of France. Director Andy tennant  should be proud of this movie. Rated PG-13 for brief language and mild  violence.
B000007SPU|5.0|I heard of This Mortal Coil through a soundtrack, and I bought this CD on a whim--probably the best impulse buy I ever made.  I first listened to it a few weeks later at three in the morning while smoking a cigarette and  watching tree branches scrape my window.  When you hear this music you will  understand that it perfectly fit the moment.  Dominic Appleton has the  voice of a faceless lover in a gothic dream, and the instrumental pieces  are quite haunting.  &quot;At First, and Then&quot; is a gorgeous  progression from calm to chaotic and frenzied that I see as a musical  interpretation of either sex or death.  &quot;The Jeweller&quot; is simply  the best, most beautiful song I've heard, period.  I found the Pearls  Before Swine original version since I liked the cover so much, and the  arrangement and vocals of This Mortal Coil's version make it far superior.  This album also makes the best psychedelic music I've ever heard, bar none.  It is great to chill out to--very relaxing, yet visionary.  If I could own  only one CD, this would be it.
B000002BUY|5.0|This has to be one of the fastest cd's I own. Brandon Boyd sure knows how to spit out ryhmes really fast, and it is good cuz that is what makes this so great. I bought this cd after hearing New Skin on the Family Values 98  cd. And I was NOT disappointed. The minute I heard it start, I knew this  would be one of my favorite cd's and it is. my favorite songs are:  &quot;Redefine&quot; &quot;Vitamin&quot; &quot;New Skin&quot; &quot;Idiot  Box&quot; &quot;Glass&quot; and &quot;A Certain Shade of Green.&quot; If  you like this I Suggest a little known band called Orange 9mm.
B000020617|5.0|Foo Fighters will only crash and burn in their efforts to fly.  So much hopelessness, and wearisome thinking.  <br />Consider this.  Foo mentions his need for flight (hope) and he pursues it in the right place, the  supernatural. (Tell all the Angels) He problematically favors the wicked  and destructive. (Think I'll need a Devil to help me get things right. . .  imagine that) He rejects truth (Hook me up to a new evolution. . . the old  lie doesn't cut it any more.) <br />Poor guy, he knows that he's in trouble.   What does he do?  He looks to the demonic.  He looks to the sky.   (horoscopes, stars)  He's looking for light, but not the true light which  coming into the world enlightens every man.  His goal, to burnout bright.   What a star.  What a goal!<br />Beware of his drone:  Fly along with me. I  can't make it alone.  Trying to make my life my own.  He does speak some  truth.  He can't make it alone, but he has got to realize that he cannot  make his life 'his own'.  <br />Angels and devils are worthless.  Jesus Christ  announced, &quot;I am the way, the truth, and the light.  No man comes to  the Father, (ie. learns to fly) but through me.&quot;  John 14:6. Check it  out.<br />Foo Fighters, and fans, get a life.  Get Life.  Learn to fly,  without burnout.  Do not be fooled.
6305076626|4.0|RIFF RAFF'S FACE = ORGASMOLAND!  Oh, and the music's not bad either ;-). Ok, it's definately not for everyone, and I wouldn't even pretend that it's a work of art, but it's just so much damn fun! Tim Curry is spectacularly  queeny, daft and sexy, Susan Sarandon has more fun than she's ever had  since and everyone wears fishnet stockings! Despite what some people say, I  wouldn't describe this film as particularly dirty - in fact, it's a  refreshingly exuberent, harmless, _fun_ look at sex. As well as being damn  sexy. And the music is addictive, tuneful - trashy maybe, but _good_ trash.  And there are some moments in the film that give me the genuine shivers.  There's probably no point in trying to &quot;sell&quot; it; either you get  it or you don't. My advice would be to watch it before buying, take a sense  of humour, and have _fun_.
B00000IPAX|1.0|Blink 182, get a life.<br />I think that this band ought to be titled Blink 180, or Blink, turn 180 degrees and run.  Every song sounds like the other.  The poor rhythms never vary, and the monotone vocals drone on with these  practically obscene, juvenile, and uncreative words.  Perhaps these  &quot;artists&quot; could not express themselves without such.  Too bad.  <br />Read the lyrics.  Listen once.  Hear the expressions of fools without  regard for daughters, mothers, or themselves.  There are NOT so many years  ahead to fall in line.  Life passes like mere smoke. I would wish that  Blink would take things a little more seriously.      Charis (Proverbs  18:6-7)
B00000JPH5|5.0|Labyrinth is my all time favorite movie, I have a little brother and would'nt mind sending him to the Goblin king, Jared (David Bowie) once in awhile. I love fantasy movies and this tops them all off. The characters  each have their own personalities which enlightens the movie even more. I  definatly give this movie 5 stars!
1558801871|4.0|The music clearly is the star of this film.  Mixing avant garde jazz with more standard fare and doing it successfully.  You love music, you love this film.  The film itself is worth watching too.  The usual expert and  hardworking performance from the very photogenic Denzel Washington and  Cynda Williams is so sexy I wouldn't care if she couldn't act (but she is a  competent actress).   Spike Lee's an artist and the way he photographs his  scenes is always a pleasure. This is a better story than some of his other  films.  Don't see how a real lover of cinema could hate this movie.
B000002GY9|4.0|I'd heard &quot;Pasty's &amp; A Gee&quot; string on Dr Demento years before.  Was looking for 'da bluz' one day, and saw the album.  Bought it, and one I had come looking for.  That one I don't listen to very often.   But I love Tom's whiskey &amp; cig rasped vocals, and the backups fit the  lyrics/tune.  &quot;Step right up&quot; is a great piece of fast talking  patter. And &quot;Small Change&quot; is a great prose poem of the death of  a small time street character.    This is, for me, one of those recordings  for when nothing has gone right, and I want to be reminded that it's only  worse 'in Philadephia.'
031286504X|5.0|A friend of mine lent me this book, and it turned out to be the best book i've ever read. It draws you into the story, and won't let go. It was a bit short, with an odd, abrupt ending but wonderful. Richard Matheson is the most talented writer i've found so far. Read this book. Not for the weak of  mind, not to mental for the everyday person. I also reccommend &quot;Hell  House&quot; by Matheson, not as good as &quot;I Am Legend&quot;, but a  great story, captivating. READ THIS BOOK!
B000002LCX|5.0|Strangeways, Here We Come offers two of the best Smith songs ever written.  Paint a Vulgar Picture is by far the climax of the Smiths' artistic achievements.  It stands alone as the song that all other Smiths' songs  will be measured by.  Girlfriend in a Coma is similarly brilliant.  At only  two minutes, this song stands as &quot;pound for pound&quot; one of the  greatest of all time.  The other songs embrace the same brilliance that we  expect from the Smiths, yet somehow don't have the same impact as the  &quot;lesser&quot; songs on other Smiths' albums.
B00000613T|5.0|I find this record the best performance of Boulez in Mahler. The clearness of the sound is incredible and you can hear a lot of details never heard before
B000002LBH|5.0|This is the best Smiths album.  There is no debate, no debate, no debate.  Some have accused the album of being top heavy.  This is ludicrous.  With songs like Stretch Out and Wait, Asleep, Hand in Glove, and Please, Please,  Please Let Me Get What I Want towards the end, this album is the best album  top to bottom EVER created.  Caution:  This album is more addictive than  heroin.  Any song on the album can take you to place you haven't been in  years.
B000021Y77|4.0|Dont like the german language, but it dont mather couse it is ezze to understand. Love the ida of the movie. Its good that the director has done the music to. <br />If you have DTS this is a must.<br />Every body that  hates the perfect symphonies of Hollywood this is a must.
0380977273|5.0|Without doubt, this is one of the best American novels ever written!   In this poetic-prose masterpiece, two boys, Jim Nightshade (the dark one--hence the name) and William Halloway (the light one--i.e.  Hallow=Holy  or Halo) encounter an evil carnival inhabiting their small mid-western town  (Waukegan, Illinois).  Mr.  Dark and his prized possessions--the  freaks--succeed in luring and deceiving the townfolk into succumbing to  their desires and fantasies, thus fueling and giving life to the evil  carnival.  Beware of the Autumn People!  They feed on the lonely,  desperate, and weak-hearted.  Along with William's father, the two boys try  and defeat the approaching evil and in the process they learn more about  themselves and their growing and misunderstanding relationships with each  other.   This novel not only has a great plot and very interesting and  in-depth characters, but it is SOOOOOOOOOOOO well written.  Also, from the  reading, we learn about Bradbury's philosophy on life--ACCEPTANCE!   This  book should be considered a classic and every middle school and/or high  school should make it a mandatory read.  Although it has received great  reviews, this novel is still very underrated.  In my opinion, Something  Wicked This Way Comes is far better than Bradbury's more popular--  Fahrenheit 451.  Hollywood--NOT DISNEY--should make a major motion movie  about this masterpiece.  This book--along with The Martian Chronicles,  Dandelion Wine, and Death Is A Lonely Business--are definite must reads.   One day, I predict Something Wicked This Way Comes will become an American  classic.  BEWARE OF THE AUTUMN PEOPLE!   Who knows, we could be next.
B0000020C4|5.0|Lea Salonga is much better than Frances Ruffelle.  It was a shame Frances Ruffelle had to be in the OBC and the OLC.  Lea Salonga is a much more better representation of ponine.  Colm Wilkinson is the best Valjean.   Philip Quast, what can I say, he is so in to the part, it's extraordinary.   Ruthie Henshall is by far the best Fantine.  Michael Ball is the best  Marius.  Others can't compare.  I highly recommend this CD.
0385312083|4.0|As a reader, I enjoy a novel that spins a vast plot and investigates characters. Slaughterhouse-Five fails to do that. The book lacks the infra-structure that supports great writing. <br />The book does, though,  carry some philosophical meaning. The character's experiences with the  aliens did shine a light on some of my own practices and beliefs. <br />All in  all, the book is difficult to follow and hard to define. However, it should  continue to be read and studied. Perhaps I just didn't get it.
6305169187|1.0|This movie stinks from the opening scenes to the last. I'm the first to allow a lot of willing suspension of disbelief, but this went to far. The begining explosion in space features flames and noise - neither are  possible in space. The scenes on the asteroid contradict not only common  sense but the movies own description of what gravity is like on the  asteroid (one minute the characters sail off into space, the next they are  jumping around and coming back down. And finally the heroic end of the  movie is witnessed all over the world, shown with scenes from heartland  America to Asia - all during day time! Daylight all over the world in Bay's  mind. And you could see it shining through his ears. He's a moron with too  much money. Well, I guess that sort of defines Hollywood. Beyond that, the  portrayal of 'roughnecks' is the director's own idiotic imaginings, The  love story simply got in the way and was infintile anyway. The music blew,  too.
0451198670|5.0|I enjoyed this book very much, I don't know why the previous reviewers gave it such poor ratings.  I loved the dialogue and the love leter itself, very romantic.  This book is not for those looking for a serious read, but great for a nice relaxing Sunday afternoon.  Highly recommend!
B00004LN16|1.0|Haven't these guys heard the phrase,&quot;quit while you're ahead! &quot;  Boring, boring, boring.  They obviously ran out of lyrics after the first verse in the first song!  I play there music with my band  every weekend, but none of these tunes will find there way into our set  list!
B000002LCE|5.0|Dio is the greatest.  Buy this cd.  This is another example from Ronnie on what music is all about.
6304458304|5.0|Clint Eastwood and John Malkovich did a very fine job very fine indeed but let us not forget the other cast members who helped this movie too.
B00003CWPR|1.0|An agonizingly slow, slow movie that goes nowhere. What a terrible disappointment. Anything would be better than 3 hours of a plot that went nowhere.
6302648750|5.0|this is my favorite movie of all time.  goldie hawn and meryl streep are extremely funny in this film.  isabella rosselini is good in the role of the woman gives the potion.  this movie is hilarious.  it's worth watching  just to see goldie hawn with a hole in her stomach and watching meryl  streep's head snap on and off every once and a while.  please get this  movie it's the best!
6305603847|5.0|Es un lastima que esta edicin no tenga los subtitulos de las canciones, se pierde la mayor parte de la pelcula si no se domina muy bien el Ingls...
0784011214|4.0|Few will argue that &quot;First Blood&quot; wasn't a VERY effective film, but it is a difficult film to watch with your 3-year old.  Rambo II, however, is just about perfect.  It stands up very well visually, dispite  being steeped in a cold war plot.  It also showed admirable restrait  regarding language: using *bad* words only as accent to the plot instead of  burying the viewer in them as &quot;First Blood&quot; did.  Rambo III  unfortunately couldn't even hold the attention of my 3-year old.  No  jungles I guess...
B00003CXCS|5.0|Watching the Sound of Music is such pure joy, if only for the breathtaking scenes and wonderful musical score. I'm pretty sure it had sparked an interest in music in many children in my generation. I remember being  filled with awe watching the movie the first time and I never tire watching  it to this day. The wedding scene was just so &quot;beautiful&quot;, made  more memorable by Maria's Wedding March sung by the nuns (sigh!) It's a  pity they don't make wholesome movies like this anymore. This is the  perfect movie for every family for all time.
B000001FFJ|5.0|Thankfully there still are some genious writers in the music business. Tom Waits is one, and this is his stronges effort. &quot;Rain Dogs&quot; features such mazingly innovative classics as &quot;Singapore&quot;,  &quot;Jockey full Of Bourbon&quot;, &quot;Time&quot;, the title song, and  &quot;Downtown Train&quot;, wich should you not mix up with the dreadful  version recorded by Rod Stewart. The atmosphere is pretty conducted with  New York City, as you can hear on &quot;Downtown Train&quot;,  &quot;Midtown&quot;, &quot;Union Square&quot; and so on. As much as an  outstanding composer is, maybe even more, a storyteller. The lyrics aren't  any &quot;I-know-how-it-goes-I-know-it-all&quot;-type of ones; no, they are  actually pretty down to earth, wich makes it easier for listeners to put  theirselves in the story. Tom hasn't had the easiest life, so the songs  aren't all that happy either. His voice makes the songs even more soulful  and familiar. In the perfect world &quot;Rain Dogs&quot; would be rated  among the biggest sellig classic albums ever recorded. Instead, it is a  classic among anyone enjoying great stories about everyday life. Tom Waits  is the most valuable musician in the music business today.
B000003AEB|4.0|As years pass, Snoop's debut album has not only been hailed as a perennial west coast rap classic, but is now also respected as an essential and preeminent 90's work. It embodies elements of 70's P-Funk sensibility  (provided by superproducer Dr. Dre) as well as 80's synthesizer-heavy west  coast rap to create the &quot;G-Funk&quot; sound (which was also co-helmed  by fellow Long Beach counterpart Warren G) without sounding counterfeit.   Misogyny, nihilism and apatheticness: all too common themes in gangsta rap,  combine with sheer resonance on Doggystyle to constitute an important,  creative stepping-stone in the name of this once dominant, now fledgeling  genre.
B000003TAR|5.0|Almost all big Nirvana fans will tell you that this is their best CD.  Even Kurt himself liked this CD better than Nevermind.  Unlike Nevermind, you can listen to this CD over and over again and still love it.  If you  are interested in Nirvana buy this CD.
0394900197|5.0|I bought this to read to my son and found that I remembered reading it as a child. It is an excellent book to start reading with! I got so I could recite it and, as soon as I said &quot;one...&quot; my son would smile. The  illustrations are great--red, black, white and yellow--again perfect for a  very young child.  A great story--I didn't even know until recently that  Theo. LeSieg is in fact Dr. Seuss--d'oh!
B00000F1D3|3.0|This cd  has some very good songs that could make it a five star cd. When you think Cher has come out with a great song you will listen to the next and it will be terrible! Stick to songs you know and stay away from  &quot;Strong Enough&quot;, it sounds like something from the 80's.
B00003003R|3.0|This is a flat, overproduced bit of almost a guns show. Pick up any of the various bootlegs if you want to hear better, more energetic &amp; un-hacked versions of these songs.
B000002UB3|5.0|Yes Capt beeheart and the velvet undrground were influncial but even they did not have the cultural and social influnce and impact the beatles had and in a way still have.  &quot;Come Togther&quot; is  simultanously  pleasurable and perverse very cool, &quot;something&quot; by harrison is  basically the finest love song of the last 50 years (sinatra's words not  mine)  Maxwells Silver Hammer althougth silly remains full of melodic wit  and shows the tremedous diverity and talent within the beatles ditto Oh  darling flirting with 50's doo wop.  I want You is heavy rock in the truest  sense of work very submissive and dark thanks to a moog is very  experimental and interesting, almost clasicall leanings.  Here Comes The  Sun is just too beatufull for words.  Because is quite remarkable almost  again classical and batehovenish in form, wonderfull harmonies and quite  freaky as well, used to dramatic effect at the end of the best film of the  year American beauty (altougth the film version is'int the original beatles  version.) You never Give me your money begins the Long melody and is very  sweet and the melody continues to the end in between the beatles push  popular music as far as it can go as they bravly say goodbye to the 60's  forever. This album and the beatles legacy will never end thanks to this  thought provoking musical statement.  Thanks for reading now listen...
B00003Q438|5.0|This DVD is a must have if you're just starting out or already have a substantial collection.  The special features alone are incredible!  Add to that two versions of an outstanding movie on a two disc set and you get one  of the most entertaining DVD's ever.  You gotta get this one!
B00000F3TS|5.0|There's no question about it, this is the best movie ever made!   The combination of the crack-up cast and the and the fact that it's the best adventure story ever put on film makes this movie a must-own.  If even for  a second you think that this film is just for kids, think again!   If you  haven't seen this movie yet, then you don't know what a really really good  movie really is!  You'll find yourself laughing so hard it hurts, but at  the same time you'll be gripping your seat in suspense.  Being one of Sean  Astin's first movies, it's incredable that it's easilly his best!   You  need to see this movie!
B00004LN16|2.0|This record is same old, same old. The need a drummer that can play a second beat. Time to retire boys.
B000002L7Y|5.0|I remember that when I was a kid and I was watching TV, I always got excited when the video &quot;Take on Me&quot; was on MTV. I really liked that song!. Actually, A-ha is my best group, and I have all the CDs.  &quot;Hunting High and Low&quot; is great. I like all the songs, specially  &quot;Take on Me&quot;, &quot;The Sun Always shines on TV&quot;, &quot;Love  is Reason&quot;, &quot;The Blue Sky&quot;... all of them. I have always  been in love with Morten Harket, he's the greatest. Everyone should buy  this CD, all of them, they're amazing. I love them!  A-ha forever!
B00000099Y|5.0|THIS BAND IS UNDER RATED.THEY PUT TO SHAME OTHER SO CALLED HEAVY METAL MODERN ROCKERS WITH THE EXCEPTION OF MAYBE METALLICA. AENEMA IS A CLASSIC IN PERFORMANCE AND SONICS.
B000002KON|5.0|ARTHUR is one of The Kinks' best albums and has everything a Kinks fan could love and any rock and roll fan for that matter, too. Ray Davies penned a great bunch of songs. &quot;Victoria&quot; is a great  tongue-in-cheek patriotic rocker. &quot;Yes Sir, No Sir&quot; is a darkly  humorous anti-war song. &quot;Drivin'&quot; is pure nostalgia and &quot;Mr.  Churchill Says&quot; really rocks (love that siren!).  &quot;Shangri-La&quot; is another stand out composition (and the  centerpiece of ARTHUR) and &quot;Young and Innocent Days&quot; is gorgeous  (Dave Davies' harmony vocals really sell it on the chorus). The production  is good and the band sounds pretty damn tight. ARTHUR continued a streak of  great and largely overlooked Kinks albums. They have forever earned their  place among the rock and roll greats because of stuff like this.
B000001F2H|5.0|This is a must-have for blues lovers. A very young Clapton wails here, especially on Hideaway and Steppin' Out. If you like Cream, definitely check this one out. Bluesbreakers with Eric Clapton ranks up there with  Fresh Cream as one of the best white blues albums ever recorded.
0671027344|5.0|I loved this book. I let my best friend borrow this book and he was the one to point out the somewhat unrealistic tones. I hadn't even noticed them. My first impression of this book was how incredibly REALISTIC it was. One has to understand that Charlie isn't exactly that normal -- he is  emotionally unstable. But all things he experiences are exact and to the  point. So what there are exact quotes in the letters? So  what this sets an unrealistic tone? The book is still superb and  well-written. Even though my friend found it unrealistic at times, he still  ended up loving the book as much as me, and I think that says a lot for its  ability to inspire. It's a good book. That's all there is to it.
B0000027RL|5.0|This is definately Pearl Jam's best album. It is a classic and one of the best rock albums of all time. All of the songs are excellent. The best are Even Flow, Alive, Jeremy, and Porch.
6305470464|5.0|It was last years best kept secret. A warm, romantic comedy good for people of all ages.  A must see film for lovers and friends.  Sean Connery is brilliant in a subtle role,  Angelina Jolie's break out performance.   This is a must but video if you missed it at the theatres.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day is one of the best punk bands in the world. This is one of Green Day's best albums. It is a classic and probably the best punk rock CD ever made.This CD made it big for Green Day. Some of the better songs are  Burnout, Lonview, Welcome to Paradise, In the End, and F.O.D. Also, All by  my Self, the hidden track at the end of F.O.D, is hilarious. Buy this CD as  soon as possible.
0380018179|5.0|The Thorn Birds is absolutely one of the greatest epics of our time. McCullough's genuis prose is unparalled and the romance between Ralph and Meggie ranks up there with Scarlett and Rhett. It is a smashing good read. My only complaint is that I can read it only once for the first time.
B00000FC5H|5.0|This cd packs a wallop .For any EWF fan .Ithas all their hits like Serpetine Fire and September. I find that I dont need any other Ewf cd this one has it all for any avid EWF fan ,which I happen to be ENJOY!
0670880728|3.0|Admittedly the humor is slap-stick rather than intellectual and subtle, but it IS funny. A good quick read for periods between Lolita and Les Miserables.
B00000FC5H|5.0|This cd packs a wallop .For any EWF fan .Ithas all their hits like Serpetine Fire and September. I find that I dont need any other Ewf cd this one has it all for any avid EWF fan ,which I happen to be ENJOY!
6305177473|5.0|I've seen the old one and this one, the newer version and I've gotta say that it is a GREAT movie!  Family film of the year.
0790729628|4.0|First the bad news. This is quite a lame transfer. Perhaps I got spoiled by the free copy of Bug's Life that came with my iMac DV SE. But man would I like Scorsese and his team of movie refurbishers to have a go at this  one. There is just way too much grain on the DVD transfer; like using 1000  ASP film and no flash to shoot the first dance at a wedding. No bells and  whistles either with the DC. I new I was in for it when I saw the dreadful  artwork on the cover. You gotta love Helvetica; such an expressive  font.<br />The good news? Without the drab, spoon-feeding narration to fill up  those mean and nasty moments of silence (sheesh!) there is a newfound  tension between Rachel and Deckard. Without the narration, we are brought a  whole level closer to the story, and have to fend for ourselves during  moments of anti-voiceover. Whereas with the narration, we were simply  passers-by.<br />This film is all mood. Slow yourself down. Pick a late  evening. No one else in the room. No popcorn. And slip into the film's  pace. You'll have a far richer experience with the DC, simply because  you'll notice more.
0802713319|4.0|I never thought I would say &quot;I couldn't  put this down&quot; about a book about X Y Z....well I could not put this book down, it was a great read.....
0399103422|5.0|Before I even realized that there had been a book, I was an avid fan of The Godfather and loved the characters of Sonny, Michael, Vito, Lucca Brazzi, Peter Clemenza, and the other unforgettable faces that made the film great.  Then, one day I came upon a first edition of the novel at an  antique shop and bought it.  I read it quickly (the book travels at a  breakneck speed) and with much relish, and when I was done I was satisfied.   The movie was good, but the novel was BETTER.  Puzo's Corleone family is a   well-illustrated, clearly defined group, each member with his own  strengths and weaknesses.  The storytelling is gripping, the dialogue  brilliant, the characters charming.  Puzo, in addition to the main bent of  the story, delves into the shady side of old-school Hollywood and makes an  interesting read of it.  For any lover of the Godfather saga, this book is  a must read.  Check it out, and enjoy!
0062502182|5.0|I've read several books similar to this one and I enjoyed them for what they are, not  what they aren't. They are easy to read, simplistic fables filled with common and not  so common wisdom. Coelho shares in this fable some almost poetic insights into life  and following one's passion, i.e.  one of my favorites: &quot;...intuition is really a sudden  immersion of  the soul into the universal current of life.&quot; <br />If you like reading  this type of book, but are looking for something that is not quite  as  simplistic, you would probably enjoy THE MAGIC LIFE - A NOVEL PHILOSOPHY.
6303942830|5.0|The first version of The Last of the Mohicans that had any impact on me was the 1930s production starring Randolf Scott.  His Hawkeye was almost a cowboy in buckskin, out of place in the overall setting and (since it WAS  the 1930s) the production, while interesting to a young child, was  lackluster in retrospect.  Michael Mann's production, however, can be  described by only one word: Passionate.  I not cannot imagine anyone other  that Day-Lewis in the role of Hawkeye.  Though the movie does not follow  the book entirely (thank GOD!) it transcends Cooper's original ideas.   Uncas, Chingatchgook, Magua, the Monroes, and Hawkeye (of course) are  realistic, though vaguely unoriginal, characters.  Mann's screenplay  displays a deep love and respect for the Indian way of life, and his  direction and storyline definately evokes the emotions and ideas of the  time.  Hawkeye's love for Cora Monroe is simple and passionate, and Uncas'  affection for the other Monroe daughter is well-played.  Now, I billed this  film in my review as an action movie, and there is a great deal of it.  The  opening sequence is a magnificient chase-scene, and the fimal moments of  the film are tremendously exciting.  Many rip-roaring, primal battle  scenes, along the lines of Braveheart, are present in the film and truly  reflect the battle-system of the times.  The portrayal of the revenge-drunk  Magua is brilliant, and Chingatchgook is both chief and warrior in a  masterful performance.  The Edelman soundtrack will have the viewer  enthralled from the first trumpet blast.  A literary companion to this film  would be Timothy Truman's Wilderness, which is a superb (and authentic)  graphic novel on the life of frontiersman Simon Girty.  Check it out and  enjoy!
B000002KLQ|5.0|This wonderful, beautiful work is on my top five album list of all time.  I have a confession: when all my friends were listening to Dire Straits in the early 80's, I could not STAND THEM!  Well, then I heard Skateaway for  the first time, &amp; I am happy to admit how wrong I was.  I picked up the  album for the one song, and like everyone else here, could not stop  listening...From the beginning notes of R &amp; H's &quot;CAROUSEL&quot;  (pure genius for crying out loud!),you knew you were in for a different  experience.  Tunnel of Love is amazing, and to repeat everyone else, I can  listen to the ending over and over (and over).  Romeo and Juliet brings me  to tears with it's heartwringing message.  I am a convert after this  painstakingly beautiful album.
B00000JG41|4.0|Mr Bungle is a wierd band.  Their first album is kind of a middle point between Disco Volante and this one.  While Disco Volante was a completely non-sensical display of noise, this CD is more dependent on actual song  structure than the complete freedom of Disco Volante.  Both approaches work  for the band, but this one probably is the best just for the fact is that  it is the most immediately enjoyable.  A few songs, such as the Arab Death  Polka of Ars Moriendi or the hardcore cyber-rockabilly of None Of Them Knew  They Were Robots still take some getting used to, the majority of the songs  are good at first, but graduate to the greatness level after repeated  listenings.  My faves are The Air-Conditioned Nightmare and Golem2: The  Bionic Vapour Boy.  I could do without Retrovertigo and Vanity Fair though.   Not as jaw-droppingly grotesque or awesome as their self-titled debut but  should appeal to more people than Disco Volante.
B00002R0MC|5.0|This is a remarkable collection of songs. Marley's family seems to have selected and organized his work according to quality and not by what was commercially viable. So here you get the real roots versions of songs like  Sun is Shining, Mr. Brown, Running Away, and others. Sun is Shining in  particular is remarkable; an evocative and anguished cry not the bouncy  version you will find on &quot;Natural Mystic.&quot; This collection is Bob  Marley as he deserves to be. It panders to no sensibility but pure quality.
079073639X|1.0|When I first read the book some years ago, I was blown away by it. A superb piece of Science fiction writing. I was therefor a little worried, when I first heard it was going to be made into a film. I was even more  worried when Dustin Hoffman was cast in the lead. As it turned out, these  fears were well justified. A terrible film conversion of a superb book,  which just never gets going. The casting dosen't help and what could have  been something special with the right cast and director is a truely  forgettable film. Do yourself a favour, forget the film and buy the book.
B000003S0B|2.0|After making a great debut album, that is a timeless consistent seller and what's more the classic true birth of prog rock, Crimso literally fell apart. McDonald and Giles called it quits after the first American tour,  and Lake reportedly just sang as a session guy for this second album. Fripp  and Sinfield were left to carry on as composer and lyricist with hired guns  around them. This record is almost identically paced the same as the first  only with inferior compositions that try to mirror the original classics.  &quot;The Devil's Triangle&quot; is a big time waster that engulfs most of  side two and it's just a rip-off of Holst's &quot;Mars&quot; which the  early group used to perform live. Only &quot;Cat Food&quot; stands out as  anything new for the band, and it was the single. Keith Tippets piano  playing is terrific on that one and &quot;Cadence And Cascade&quot; which  is sung by Gordon Haskell who returned as vocalist on the next, and  superior(best ever) &quot;Lizard&quot; album. Sadly Fripp couldn't put  together a touring line - up again until '71 with the &quot;Islands&quot;  LP'S musicians, through which he attempted to re-create the glory of the  original band, only these musicians were not quite the same calliber as the  '69 band.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|&quot;Beauty And The Beast&quot; is one of the greatest of all animated films. It is rich in detail and story. The castle here is breathtaking in it's design and the animation is superb. The music is romantic and moving.  It also has a great message for kids about how loving someone means loving  them for THEM, and not just for their appearances. I also value this movie  because...I fell in love with the most beautiful girl in the world,  Veronica Tarin, to this movie.
B000003S1A|5.0|I remember seeing them on late night TV when this record was new, that's when &quot;I got it! &quot; and realised how brilliant this Crimso line-up was. At first hearing I thought it was too new wave for Crimso and that  Belews vocals were too close to sounding like David Byrne( maybe they  actually still are) but the tunes are great and the playing is phenomenal.  But anyhow that's &quot;All Talk&quot;. No &quot;debates, discussions,  disagreements&quot;. The &quot;advice, answers&quot; buy it!  It's one of  their best and defines their 80's output in the studio.
B000002BFZ|1.0|The first and only time I heard this album was in a Border's book store, when the album was first released.  They had a listening station and &quot;No Code&quot; was one of the choices.  I put the headphones on and  expected to be musically satisfied!  I was never more wrong!  It's not like  I didn't give the songs a chance.  I listened to each track until I  couldn't stand it anymore.  As I advanced from one track to another, it  only got worse.  Then, I came to a conclusion.  I would spend my money  elsewhere and forget this album.  The thought that kept popping up in my  head was, &quot;I'm glad I heard it first before I bought it!&quot;.  As a  Pearl Jam fan, this was a scary thing.  I thought the band had taken a turn  for the worst.  Then came the album &quot;Yield&quot; and all was better!<br />If you like the obscure, you might like this one.  But, if you like  music you can listen to, skip &quot;No Code&quot; and move on to their  other albums.
B000000OAN|5.0|Without a doubt, this album is among the best albums of rock-and-roll ever recorded. &quot;Bohimian Rhapsody&quot; is, of course, epic and very &quot;Queen.&quot; But I most definatly think that &quot;The Prophet's  Song,&quot; however long it is, takes the cake with this album. It truly  saddens me that it never really got the recognition it deserves. Freddie  Mercury's voice is unmatched by any artist to date. All in all, the album  is the greatest gem that Queen ever mined from the mountian of their  talent. And what a mountian it is!
B00003CX97|5.0|This is my favorite film, and I'm eagerly awaiting the DVD.  The film is amazing because the story is so powerful and consuming.  Four fascinating, well-acted characters drive the film until all elements become one with the  incredible climax, one of the finest filmed sequences in the history of  film.  The major film element here is actually irony.  Characters act in a  manner that wouldn't be predictable, yet the director weaves a picture  where it still makes sense and upon reflection seems appropriate. Holden,  Guiness, Hayakawa, and Hawkins all deliver complex, multi-faceted  performances.  Guiness delivers one of the finest performances in film  history.  David Lean should be a household name as is Hitchcock and  Spielberg.  Incredible! The vhs widescreen edition is of very high quality.
6302968135|5.0|It's simply the best.I've seen it over 50x and I still love it!
6305263248|5.0|This movie is an absolutely wonderful film.  It has all the makings of a great show without the crowd-pleasing hollywood smaltz that most movies seem to be betraying their audience with these days.  Most people would  watch this and find for themselves it's a great show and worth watching,  but as the true movie buffs look a second, a third and forth time will  certainly follow.  Ode to a great cast with great characters, great  scenery, great effects, and great fun.  A MUST SEE!
0688101364|5.0|Rose's Christmas Cookies is a beautiful and practical book.  I, myself, found it more practical and useful than The Cake Bible since making a batch of exotic cookies is not quite so time-consuming as making an exotic cake.  I also think the novice baker could get a lot of use out of this book,  while I found The Cake Bible and The Pie and Pastry Bible more useful for  advanced bakers.  In this book, one will find recipes for every kind of  cookie imaginable--to eat as well as for decorating.  Rose also gives up  tips on how to package cookies for sending through the mail, which cookies  to send, etc.  The directions are very complete and easy to follow--both  for baking and for decorating.  If Christmas is a big occasion in your  home, as it is in mine, then this book will go a long way toward making it  even better.
B000000OTU|5.0|This is a must buy cd for any music fan. This album is a compilation of Permanent Vacation, Pump, and Get a Grip. All the songs are great, I personally love this cd and I can't stress how important it is to get this  cd. Some of Aerosmith's best songs are on this cd including: Janie's Got a  Gun, Crazy, Dude Looks Like A Lady, Love in a Elevator, Eat The Rich, and  many more great songs. Once you here this cd you won't be able to stop  playing it, thats how good it is. So my advise to you people reading this  review is to get this cd its a must have.
0792151712|5.0|I was never a Leonardo DiCaprio fan--until this movie.  While Kate Winslet looks charming and beautiful, it is DiCaprio's interpretation of Jack that really steals the show.  This movie is not an intellectual heavyweight--but  then it doesn't pretend to be.  What it is, is a highly entertaining  adventure with a sad and touching love story at its heart.  I found the  acting to be excellent, the music gorgeous and the plot fast-paced.  If  you're looking for something to stimulate the brain cells, this won't do  it.  But if you're looking for a great evening's entertainment, Titanic  certainly fills the bill.
B000002V07|4.0|One of my favorite albums of all time.  I have been a Mazzy Star fan since 1992, after discovering She Hangs Brightly.  I ALWAYS have at least one their CD(s) close at hand cause I am always in a Mazzy mood.  The Mazzy  mood experience must be experienced.  Mazzy Star is one of those bands that  you either love extraordinarily, or you hate.<br />As for So tonight that I  may see, Five String Serenade is my favorite....but there are no songs on  this album that I do not love, after all, I am a Mazzy Star fan, and as I  said before, you either love Mazzy Star without reservation, or you hate  them.   <br />Check out the sample songs on this one before you buy it.  Take  a ride with the Mazzy Star Mood Experience. <br />Oh yeah, and Hope is a  babe!
0782008119|5.0|After having experienced the rise of these Seattleite bands first-hand, I must say that this video pretty much hits the nail on the head. For anybody who wants to know what it was &quot;really like&quot;, this is a must have  documentary.
B000000XB9|5.0|From 1969 - 1972 CCR produced more singles than any other band in America.  They produced songs that were appealing to the basic motivation of the American people - the low to middle class person.  &quot;Fortunate  Son&quot; is a prime example of their style.  John Fogerty is a mastermind  of lyrics and music, not to mention Stu Cook (bass), and Doug Clifford  (drums).  I think their best was &quot;Have You Ever Seen the Rain&quot;
B000007MVX|5.0|I have as yet been unable to appreciate or understand IanAnderson's music after 1979, so I own none of his albums after thatdate.  However I do own every other one before that. I'm 19 and have loved Jethro Tull for many years now. A Passion Play was bought on record mainly because I love records and they're cheaper that CDs (just in case I didn't like it [there are a LOT of bad comments around about this album]) It took about ten listens to become engaged by this record, but when I did finally, it was incredible.  So I bought the CD.  And it got even better.  This is a complex, stunning album that changes directions constantly like a trip to the center of the galaxy. So much detail.  So much poetry.  The lyrics took awhile to figure out.  At first (and second and third) reads, I couldn't crack it.  But then it became clear.  This is an album about death.  And a truly amazing one.  You start with the death of a young man, who is then &quot;escorted away&quot; by an angel and a band of gentlemen to a review board who apparently tape life and then give you a show of your own little &quot;Passion Play&quot; when you die.  Well, our hero eventually ends up in hell face to face with &quot;icy Lucifer!&quot; Unreal.  Buy this record (but only if you like Jethro Tull) You will be stunned.  END
0553278223|5.0|This is probably one of the best and most worthwhile books I've ever read. As a fun, exciting space story the book reads very well, but the true beauty of this work lies deeper-- in its examination of the philosophy of  the human race. Although this book was written about fifty years ago, the  message of it rings as true today as it did when it was first published.
044022165X|4.0|The Rainmaker is probably one of John Grisham's most entertaining books. The pages will turn faster than lawyers can scribble on legal pads in this one, the story of young lawyer Rudy Baylor. An interesting look at the world of law, what young lawyers must go through, and what they must  overcome to be successful. With Baylor, Grisham's takes us on a joyride of  constant up and downs. And a classic battle of David Vs. Goliath emerges  when the to say the least &quot;green&quot; Baylor, barely out of law  school, takes on Insurance Godzilla Great Benefit. Baylor is interesting as  the lead character, but more interesting are the supporting characters.  Deck, Rudy's &quot;Paralawyer&quot;, Kelly Rifer, Rudy's new found love,  and my favorite character, Leo Drummond, the notorious &quot;in  charge&quot; Lawyer for Great Benefit. The Rainmaker is a bit predictable  (the verdict that is) and after things are hard at first in the trial for  Baylor, things get a little bit too easy. The insurance lawyers fold a  little too easily. I believe in real life, Baylor would have had quite a  bit more problems on his hands. I liked The Rainmaker the film, perhaps  even better than the novel, because things were more difficult in the  courtroom for Rudy. Jon Voight is also outstanding as the part of Leo  Drummond in the film. I additionally felt the novel was about 40 pages too  long and should have ended differently. Yet The Rainmaker, besides a few  complaints, is an absorbing, page turning read in which you'll find  yourself reading the last page of a lot sooner than you thought you would.
B000002KP3|5.0|My knowlegde of T-Rex use to be limited to the name, having heard it in two songs, &quot;all the young dukes&quot; and &quot;you better you bet&quot;..  One day i thought, 'let's have a go at this stuff..' WHOA!     It's just a masterpiece.. soulful and sexy, soothing and fun.  I thank god  for this record.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Its neurotic, its hypnotizing, its amazing.. Listening it on the headphone at night lifts you to a higher ground, a departure from this world.  its provactive, sad, and joyful, hard to do but its done all in this album
B000002U82|5.0|I may be 14, but Pink Floyd is my favorite band. (I guess you could say I was born a fan, my mom's favorite record was Wish You Were Here). DSOTM was the first Floyd CD I ever heard, about 3 or 4 years ago, and I was hooked  immediately. I know Money may be overplayed, but what about Us and Them,  Brain Damage, Eclipse?. And I've always liked The Great Gig in the Sky...  All the songs are classic... This is one of the greatest CD's ever. Highly  recommend it. Also recommed Wish You Were Here(my fave Floyd CD), Animals,  The Wall, and the Live at Pompeii video
B00004RF8J|5.0|Amazing performance by Rick Moranis, and Ellen Greene fits the role perfectly.  The lyrics are pure genius.  A perfect show!
B00000J7J4|2.0|What nonsense, i hate it!
B00000099Y|4.0|I dont even own this album yet but i love it. My girlfriend owns it so that sorta means i can steal  it every once and awhile hehe. Anyways I think this music is great. It really keeps me going and  for some reason i  think its the coolest makeout  music. Dont ask why though. Its dark and  deep.  I LOVE THIS BAND!
B000031WD9|3.0|I've seen &quot;American Pie&quot; a few times.  All those times, I've loved it.  When the DVD came out, we got the R-Rated version so that we could enjoy the same experience we had in theaters.  However, I noticed  that the UNRATED version was Number 2 on the list, and the R-Rated version  was somewhere around Number 14.  So, I rented the UNRATED version.   <br />**THERE IS LESS THAN 30 SECONDS OF NEW FOOTAGE IN THE UNRATED  VERSION**<br />This kind of ticked me off...  My advice, get the RATED  version.  It's just as funny as it will ever be.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I first bought this C.D the day it came out on November 3, 1998, and had since then played it so much, many of the songs skipped.  I decided to rebuy it last weekend, and I was blown away.  It was almost like listening  to it again for the first time.  While it wasnt as successful as Jagged  Little Pill, I think on a personal level, it was a smash!  Alanis sings  truths that we can all relate to, and thats why this album is beautiful!  Her voice is so much more powerful than it was on Jagged Little Pill (no  doubt due to her touring!) and every song on this cd has something to  offer!   When listened to from start to finish, it is simply amazing!
B000023VR6|5.0|Just Got this Album and sorry it took me so long to buy it! I should be kicked in the U know what! The tracks are the bomb!I`m really not a fan of too much collaborating but this CD just sounds right in all the places!Oh  yeah, remember, once you buy it , to make certain you`ve got a system that  can reproduce some serious bass, because Dre` is really droppin it!
B000031XCR|5.0|First, i want to say that Celine is my favorite female artist, EVER. These songs are beautiful. Of the old songs, my favorites are &quot;Power Of Love&quot; &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot; and &quot;To Love You  More&quot;. Of the new songs, my favorites are &quot;That's The Way It  Is&quot;, &quot;First Time&quot; and &quot;Live&quot;. Much better than  Mariah Carey's &quot;#1's&quot;. If you like a powerful with well-written  ballads, buy this album.
B00000DLVA|5.0|Ordinarily The Cardigans would have never appealed towards me; too sweet and pop for I.  Don't know what the heck they were trying to prove but I find this album to be one to keep.  I suppose for veteran Cardigans fans  this isn't their usual type, but if you're into bands like, let's say  Garbage, then this you should try.  Has the sugary, seductive singer's  voice contrasting against harsh beats.
6301967992|5.0|What I like most about this film: the wonderful set in a snowy landscape, the stylish 60's colours, the humour, the first gay vampire, the strange ending, the score, ... There is so much to discover in that movie. When  will it released in the DVD-format? This would be the next step to win new  generations for it. So come on...
B00000J7J4|5.0|I just got through listening to this CD and it's by far the best I've ever listened to. Santana has truly outdone hiself. This album has sold 10 million copies and only 2 song have been let out. I expect this album at  least tp reach the 15 million point. If you want quality sound, you need to  buy this CD
0790736241|5.0|This film is deeply moving. Foster acts with sincerity, and the depth of character and thought in this film is truly unique.<br />There are so many beautiful moments in this film. Oh, I agree with several of the reviewers  who mentioned that the &quot;alien encounter&quot; near the end all but  dripped with cliches, but that doesn't bother me. This movie isn't about  the alien; this movie is about us.<br />The scene in which Alloway looked out  of the pod at that vast, beautiful scape--that was a very human moment. And  the scene on the balcony, and the scene at the end, when the astronomer and  the priest truly understand each other, and are connected--the clasping of  hands there is so beautifully symbolic.<br />I am rather disappointed at the  number of negative reviews scattered below. I see a review from an  empiricist who felt that the film was advocating &quot;taking science on  faith,&quot; and I see reviews from theists who feel that the movie was  somehow anti-religion.<br />I can only feel that these reviewers have  misunderstood the film at the most fundamental level. First Contact is the  first film I have ever seen that gave such an open-minded and compassionate  treatment of both science and faith. The storywriters truly understood why  empiricists and men of faith have seldom seen eye to eye. And they  understood--and respected!--both men of faith and men of science.<br />They  even understood that science and faith don't have to be mutually exclusive.  If science was not a crucial part of what it means to be human, then we  would all be living in the woods, feasting on raw chipmunks for breakfast.  If faith was not a crucial part of what it means to be human, then we would  have no poets, no artists, no storytellers, no sculptors, and we would no  doubt be living cold, precise, efficient, mathematical lives. Both the  search for knowledge and the search for truth are part of what it means to  be human.<br />First Contact is not a film about scientists and priests. It is  a film about human beings.<br />As for myself, I am a Christian, and I have to  say that First Contact was the best treatment in film of my faith and my  view of life that I have ever seen. And frankly, if I were an atheist, I  suspect I would feel the same way.
B000031WD9|4.0|I really liked this movie.  No, it's not American Grafitti, or even Animal House (both of which I loved) but it is a cut above the normal teen party flick.  There were some fairly realistic characters and I think that Eugene  Levy, of SCTV fame, does an incredible job as the concerned (if a little  bungling) father.<br />The DVD has a clear anamorphic widescreen transfer,  nice menus, and a decent array of extra content.  The outtakes were a  little stale, and the only thing that appeared to be different from the  standard R-rated version was the location of the &quot;pie&quot; and the  offending teen when caught in the act.  Overall a nice package compared to  the VHS version.<br />My wife, who usually passes on this type of film, even  enjoyed it.
0784011796|1.0|Horrible.  Just horrible.  Fascinating if you're the type that likes to eat worms, perhaps.  The story is absurd in so many ways -- in terms of mathematics, computer science, theology, and psychology.  Worst of all,  it's slow-moving and repetitive.  Don't waste your time.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I first saw this movie when I purchased the japanese version on VHS. It made hate Disney for the simple fact that this movie was all hand painted. not one computer was used in the animation. If only all american animated  films were like this. I was so engrossed in this film that my friends said  i liked it more then star wars.(i Love star wars)
B000002VFW|3.0|Lisa Stansfield really sounds good on this Disc.All Around The World was the Jam.You can't deny it was tight.this disc had a very strong Barry White Influence.who happens to be Her favorite Artist.The music gets pretty  Predictable after a while.but Her voice is no Joke.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie keeps you interested from start to finish.  This movie starts fast, and doesn't slow down until the credits roll.  See it, see it again, and again, and... well you get my point. Brilliant, clever, thought  provoking, and overall, could be considered a masterpeice.  The media  caught this one, tied it to controversy, and threw it in the mud.  Don't  believe anything you hear about this movie, see it for yourself.  Then you  will know the true definition of a great film.
B000002572|4.0|This album, I believe, is the only one out there (excluding greatest hits packages) where every SINGLE track gets regular airplay on the classic radio stations where I live.  That's a pretty amazing feat, and it's a  testament to how good this album really is.  It's not a perfect album, but  it sounds damn good for one that was recorded for pocket change, compared  to most albums, and in a short period of time.  From &quot;More Than A  Feeling&quot; to &quot;Let Me Take You Home Tonight&quot;, there's a  good-timey feeling running through this album that makes it abundantly  clear to me, someone who wasn't alive until after this album came out, why  it was so popular when it came out.  Brad Delp's vocals don't quite sound  like anyone else's out there, and they inspired a lot of the vocal  mannerisms that became so popular in the 80's.  Tom Scholz' lyrics are  pretty basic, but they get the job done.  One thing about this album that  impresses me is how the guitars are brought squarely to the forefront.   It's funny, it wasn't too long ago (just about 4 years ago) where  guitar-driven rock like this (in the 90's mold of grunge and post-grunge)  was what was popular with &quot;the kids&quot;.  Boston never had another  album as good as this, but &quot;Boston&quot; is a nice disc to have  around...whenever I play it (when it's not on the radio), I always feel  better.
6302642256|5.0|This movie carries a wonderful story packaged in a mix of comedy, sci-fi adventure and human drama- young boy abducted by alien machine, enters into time-warp, returns home &amp; finds so many things changed and finally  re-united with his family. All of this accomplished through many hilarious  scenes with his alien captor/friend.
079213690X|5.0|What is up with Paramount? I can't wait any longer? Where is my DVD version of Braveheart!  Do something, Mr. Gibson!  Do you know that the Robin Williams movie &quot;Patch Adam&quot; It had 5 version of DVD?  Do  we need that much?  HUh? Okay, there are the regular ed., the collector  ed., the DTS ed., and there 2 more version coming this summer?   AAHHHHH!
630420065X|2.0|Mm. Truly a poor and silly film. If you took an episode of the old series and drained out everything that was interesting, and replaced it all with cliches, bad dialogue, flat characters, a boring story, and gimmicky,  over-the-top &quot;plot twists&quot; -- you'd have this. There's just  nothing remotely good about it -- *except* for the famous scene in which  Cruise is suspended in that high-security room trying to retreive -- a disk  or something? (It's been a while.) This one scene -- is very good. Crafty,  suspenseful, and quite well edited from what I remember. If you decide to  rent this movie (god forbid you *buy* it!) -- I would recommend  fast-forwarding until you reach this scene, watching it, and then moving  on, to spend the remainder of your day or evening in a more productive and  enriching fashion. You might want to take a peek at the climax action  sequence too, it's fairly original (although WAY over-the-top) and pretty  to see.
B000000OSG|5.0|This CD, the companion to UYI I, is much better than its brother.  Though UYI I is a masterpiece in itself, UYI II is markedly better.  Every single song on this CD is bona fide excellent, ranging a wide variety of styles in  usual Guns N' Roses fashion.  Guns N' Roses are unparalleled in terms of  talent.  Axl's lyrics and singing are as captivating as ever, and his songs  really hit home.  Estranged is an absolutely incredible song, in addition  to being severely underrated, as it's never mentioned in the same breath as  November Rain, Welcome to the Jungle, Sweet Child O' Mine, and Paradise  City.  This song alone is worth buying the CD for.  More classics on this  CD are Pretty Tied Up, Civil War, and the Guns N' Roses cover of Bob  Dylan's Knockin' On Heaven's Door.  Though these songs in particular stand  out, the whole CD is great.  Every single song is just amazing, with  impeccable lyrics, singing, and instrumentals.  Slash's guitar work is  particularly unbelievable--he's arguably up there with Hendrix and Page.   The bottom line here is that this is a can't-be-missed CD, and Guns N'  Roses' last true album.  If you're a fan of hard rock, or even music for  that matter, you can't afford not to buy this one.
0553213105|1.0|This book may be considered a &quot;classic&quot; but it isn't.  It may deal with &quot;emotions&quot; and &quot;the human spirit&quot; but it lacks the qualities of true literature.  To be blunt, the book is boring.  There is too much description and not enough meat.  The story seems to be  leading somewhere, and when you get there, you wonder why you took the  journey in the first place.  I plead to the human race not to let writers  get off this easy by writing such unfulfilling books.  Skip Bronte and read  Hemingway or Poe.
B000000OQF|5.0|This CD is classic, one of the best of all time.  Though everything was downhill from here, it's sort of like the way Michelangelo never did top the Sistine Chapel.  This is by far Guns N' Roses' best CD, with three  absolute classic songs.  Welcome To The Jungle, Paradise City, and Sweet  Child O' Mine are still fresh in people's minds despit the fact that these  songs are at least 13 years old by now.  While Sweet Child O' Mine is the  stereotypical ballad that has come to define half of Guns N' Roses, every  other song on this CD is hard and fast and uncompromisingly honest.  The  attitude here is great--Guns N' Roses, at this time in their career, were a  simple, no-frills band with chips on their shoulders and plenty of talent  to spare.  It's this combination of attitude and talent that make this CD  probably the best hard rock/heavy metal album of all time.  Buy it, and buy  it now.
630512065X|4.0|Having just read the first few reviews I feel it necessary to explain to all non-believers why Cats is so popular.  True it does not require deep-thought, but it does have a plot and is based on some beautiful poems.  The music may be simple, but most of it is taken from the rhythm of the  poetry and is obviously going to be different from whatever people are  expecting.   The songs, characters and the whole atmosphere is a relaxing  fantasy world which is just supposed to be fun, though Memory, the Cats'  treatment of Grizabella and Old Deuteronomy's philosophies give it some  depth and humanise it.   It is not just popular with people hoping to be  fashionable, but is very much one for the family.  That is why there are  over 200 websites dedicated to it and the actors who have been in it and  these are mostly run by teenagers.  I myself have set up a site.  I am a  cat lover, a music lover, a dance lover and a theatre lover, so I find it  natural that I enjoy Cats, but I also love many other musicals and all for  different reasons.   I first saw Cats when I was 17 and it helped me  through a few years of depression, which has only recently begun to recede.   Having Cats on video makes me laugh and cheers me up.  I was delighted and  surprised to see Rosemarie Ford as Bombalurina since, being English, I had  spent a few years of my childhood watching her on the gameshow &quot;The  Generation Game&quot; and it is lovely that there are actors who were in  the original productions in the US and the UK and those from around the  world.  I was particularly pleased to see eight actors from the show I had  just seen. It is true that there are editing problems and it is a shame  that much of it was obviously dubbed over, but most of this was still using  the actors' own voices.  The many bloopers that can be found listed on  websites add to its charm and humanises the actors who seem so amazing when  seen on television. I recommend this video to anyone who likes cats, music,  dance or the theatre and who has an open mind.  If you aren't prepared to  just sit back and have fun then don't bother.
0393038912|4.0|'Guns, germs, and steel' is a highly readable scholarly work by the distinguished author of 'The third chimpanzee.'  It is also a very important book, one bound to generate (as it already has) considerable debate and more research.  On the one hand, it deftly exposes  pseudoscientific and racist arguments about how some people were able to  conquer other people; on the other, it offers a cogent account, with plenty  of evidence from different fields (linguistics, anthropology, genetics,  botany, and zoology, among others), of how the world came to be what it is  since the last glaciation (i.e., about 12,000 years ago).  As Paul Ehrlich  said, it's a 'whirlwind tour' of world history, but one worth taking.<br />In  this book, Diamond is primarily interested in ultimate, not proximate,  causes.  His main argument is simplicity itself:  some people were at the  right time and the right place to harness whatever nature gave them--and,  as a consequence, were able to end up with several advantages over those  people they eventually conquered.  Evidently, the biogeography of plants  and animals was different on every continent and played a crucial role in  the development of human history; Eurasia, for example, had more plants and  animals that could be domesticated just because its large size guaranteed  large numbers to experiment with, whereas, say, Australia, due to its  relative isolation and aridity, had almost nothing to offer to those who  settled there. Eurasian people, therefore, were able to abandon their  nomadic lifestyle early and settle in large groups that would allow them to  develop the necessary guns, germs, and steel to conquer other people.   <br />Although the main argument of 'Guns, germs, and steel' is convincing, I  found that towards the end the book becomes repetitive.  The last chapter  is particularly disappointing because, instead of elaborating his initial  argument of how to treat history in more scientific terms, Diamond ends up  saying things he already mentioned throughout the book, and adds nothing to  what other people (e.g., Ernst Mayr) have said on the subject.  That  chapter could have rounded up the book very nicely; instead, it exposes the  book to very serious criticism.  I also question the many plates with  pictures of representatives of different human 'races' because they really  don't add anything to what the book is talking about (those plates would  have been more appropriate in his previous book, 'The third chimpanzee').   Despite this, however, I highly recommend this otherwise excellent book to  anyone interested in human history and to those keen on battling racist  views.
B000002OHF|5.0|Obviously this album is nothing like the previous 3.  I believe they knew going in it was going to be the last with Ted.  No matter what these guys play you can count on it being better than good, they are that talented.   They are not just top notch players, they understand the theory behind it  all.  The music seems to me to have a slower tempo after the first couple  of songs than the previous three albums, and does not seem to me to have  the English folk theme except Sorrel.  There is however no shortage of  quality.  Pay attention to Martin's bass part on Sorrel and you'll get an  idea of why this band was so good.  This band was extremely popular at this  point and I also believe they were on the verge of becoming almost or as  well known as bands like the Stones or even the Beatles.  Another  professional singer may have helped this band reach that level of  popularity.  Thanks allot Lou....  Sincerely, Fly'n George
0792153294|1.0|Don't even plan on seeing this movie. I went to go see it in the theater basicly because I wanted to see it so bad and I did. You know what I didn't like this movie at all. I thought it was boring and depressing. The acting  was pretty good except the movie was terrible. If I were you don't even  plan on renting it or buying it on video you might not like it.
0140177396|5.0|After reading John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men, assigned by my eleventh grade English teacher, I got that feeling that I had just read a really 'good book.'  When I entered into George and Lennie's world I was not only moved, but actually grew a bit attached to Lennie's childlike ways.  Every  chapter grabed my attention and I could not put the book down.         Of  Mice and Men targets readers of all ages.  It is a fairly short novel, and  full of adventures, keeping the attention of even the youngest audiences.   Of Mice and Men ranks high on the list of American Literature that my class  has been assigned to read this year.  Even though Of Mice and Men was an  assignment, I would love to read it on my spare time as well.
6305137293|5.0|This movie came on USA along time ago on Halloween night and I thought it was awesome. It was alot better than the original. That was pretty cool by the way they had the ending of the first film in the beginning of the movie that was cool. If ya'll haven't seen the third one yet, DON'T! The third one  does not have Michael Myers in it. I don't know why. The third Halloween  movie is suppose to be called Season of the Witch not Halloween 3 ... I don't  know why they came up with that title. I would stick with Halloween  1,2,4,5,6, and H20.
B00001P4RI|5.0|With this cd, the other half of Dead Can Dance has  finally checked in.  This isn't a DCD cd, and it reveals Brendan Perry as the more musically restrained of the two, but the overall mood of the eight tracks on Eye of  the Hunter does recall certain DCD tracks such as &quot;Severance&quot;  (from Serpent's Egg) or &quot;I Can See Now&quot; (from Toward the Within).   Very pleasant material, but with an edge to it, an unease or disquiet  which ought to characterize a collection of ballads.  Mostly we have  Perry's distinctive voice and acoustic guitar in the foreground, with  flourishes of keyboards, occasional mandolin and a few other surprises  backing him up.  Thoughtful and thought-provoking lyrics abound.  My own  personal favorites are the haunting &quot;Voyage of Bran&quot; and the  waltz-like &quot;Medusa,&quot; but there's plenty of engaging material here  in this beautifully focused debut.  Brendan Perry wrote everything except  Tim Buckley's &quot;I Must Have Been Blind&quot; (also covered by  labelmates This Mortal Coil).  Best appreciated alone, on a quiet Saturday  night.
B0000214F2|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters and I enjoyed every minute of it. It's one of my favorite Robin Williams movie. Everytime when it comes on Starz I always watch it. This movie is not boring at all it's a good movie. I think  for those of ya'll who hadn't seen it should watch it because I think it's  great.
B000002HPV|3.0|Giving this record 5 stars is a little too over-rated, IMHO. I waited a whole month before giving it another listen and still can't get into some of the songs. Bjork has a great voice, but a song like Pluto makes me  scramble for Chopin as an antidote. If you think Tori Amos is weird, wait  till you hear Bjork! Her blood-curdling screams are probably annoying to  people who are more subdued.<br />Great songs like Bachelorette, Joga and All  Neon Like kept me from throwing this one in the garbage can. There is a  kind of East European.Oriental feel to the music, especially with the  string arrangments. Although Tori Amos borrowed a little from Bjork on her  To Venus And Back, I think both women are unique in their own ways. E.g.  Bjork doesn't have the depth of Tori, or her pianistic talent.<br />Anyway you  have to find the right mood to listen to this one, because on some days the  techno noise can really drive you up the wall. Oh, and ignore the tacky  photo on the cover.
0792836510|5.0|My friend let me borrowed this movie and I liked it! I thought it was the best western film ever made. I am not that much of a western fan but I thought this movie was pretty cool! I just didn't know it was rated R when  I read the cover. I thought it was not rated but it's still a good movie  though.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana makes history again with the album on CD &quot;Supernatural&quot; from 1999 also grammy award winner as well of that same year. The songs are wonderfully performed by different artists with Carlos after a long absence  from the spotlight for a while. Ever since the bands remergence from the  early prime mid psychedelic sixties era. Carlos has had his own ups &amp;  downs he suffered problems with drugs for years. Now he's back on top in  the musicworld remerging Himself to a full happy life again. The guests  include are Rob Thomas (Matchbox 20), Lauren Hill, Eric Clapton and Dave  Matthews.  A masterpiece genius Carlos has done here. Simply the best music  ever listened  too let's hope Santana makes another album soon. Simply the  best music ever listened too it's awesome and excellent!
B00002Z88D|5.0|If you've ever considered buying any Metallica album, get this one first.  It's essentially a greatest hits collection (which they never have officially released) with two new songs, -Human and No Leaf Clover.  This album is simply incredible.  The orchestra (conducted by Michael Kamen, who  helped Metallica design &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;) and the band  sound great together; saying anything less than that would be an injustice.        Highlights from the album include &quot;The Call of Ktulu&quot;, an  instrumental epic ballad based on an old H.P. Lovecraft story (check  Amazon's book search on it), which is followed by &quot;Master of  Puppets&quot;, another 8+minute classic which is arguably their best  stand-alone single ever.  Another terrific performance is done on &quot;The  Thing That Should Not Be&quot;, another Lovecraft-inspired work that should  be listened to in complete darkness.  For whatever reason, Metallica left  out an entire stanza on this song, which, considering the outstanding  lyrics on this one, is quite a shame.  &quot;Fuel&quot; is probably the  best it's ever been and ever will be (and James knows it); the symphony  really rocks here.  &quot;Hero of the Day&quot;, one of the band's fewer  &quot;slow&quot; songs, also sounds excellent, as do the next two ballads,  &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; and &quot;Bleeding Me&quot;.     Disc 2 also has  its share of hits; &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; was just begging to be  symphonized, and &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; just plain rocks  (though I wish they'd kept the bell rings at the beginning which made the  song famous).  &quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot; sounds brilliant with the  symphony, and is probably the best orchestrated piece on the album.   &quot;The Outlaw Torn&quot; is another song that is improved dramatically  by the symphony.  &quot;One&quot; is the pseudo-climax of the album, and  done with such emotion that you feel as if you're actually at the concert-  a fantastic piece of music, both lyrically and instrumentally.     Again, I  cannot overemphasize the sheer brilliance of this album.  It's a shame that  &quot;mainstream&quot; fans and critics can't see past Metallica's  often-notorious reputation and witness the band's true genius.  It's a  great album, in any and all aspects.     If you enjoyed this album as much  as I did and want to here more of Metallica's work, I suggest the following  albums:  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; (often considered its best) to hear  the band's early sound; &quot;Metallica&quot; [Black Album](the  best-selling) to witness their transition from 80s metal to 90s rock; and  &quot;Load&quot; (probably the most maligned one) to see the &quot;final  product&quot; Metallica evolved into.  Only after listening to these three  albums can you really decide for yourself whether they &quot;sold out&quot;  or not.       &quot;Kill 'em All&quot;, their debut album, may sound too  gritty after listening to S&amp;M; you can probably skip  &quot;Reload&quot;, since the all the good stuff from that is on S&amp;M;  &quot;...And Justice For All&quot; is a well-formulated album that is  ill-represented on S&amp;M and deserves more recognition.  There are other  albums, of course, but I personally wouldn't buy those without sampling the  songs first (the quality level fluctuates dramatically).    Hopefully,  Metallica will do another album like this with a different set list.  Can  you imagine how great &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;, &quot;Orion&quot;,  &quot;...And Justice For All&quot;, or &quot;Harvester of Sorrow&quot;  would sound with a symphony?     Anyway, that's all.  Buy the album - you  won't regret it.
B000002U8U|1.0|Oh yeah forgot to mention one more song on here from my Bob Seger's greatest hits called &quot;Still The Same&quot; that i also like as a favorite!
B00000IQW0|1.0|This is the theatrical release of the pilot movie &quot;Saga of a Star World.&quot;  It was released in &quot;Sensaround&quot; sometime after the series premiered on television.  A lot of footage was cut (perhaps 10-20  minutes worth), but a few additional shots are added such as a certain  villain's execution.  Universal missed an excellent opportunity to release  an uncut version of the pilot movie.  Instead what we get is what was  already released on video with matts added for a widescreen  effect--effectively cutting the top and bottom off the picture.  Shame on  you Universal!
B000002U8U|2.0|Only a few songs I like on here that are from my Bob Seger's Greatest Hits CD like &quot;We've Got Tonight&quot;, &quot;Old Time Rock &amp; Roll&quot; and of course &quot;Hollywood Nights&quot;. The rest of his music a split  opinion i've never heard before whether it's good or bad. That's for you to  decide yourself!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I am a complete anime freak and could not wait to see this movie. I heard about it from my friends and finally went and saw it. It was better than I ever thought it would be. I told everyone about it and now that it is  coming out on video, I will be the first one to get a copy! This is the  best movie! You must see it!
B000002U88|1.0|Just one song that's included on my Bob Seger's Greatest Hits CD called &quot;Roll Me Away&quot; is the onlytune I like!
1573227978|5.0|We have read this book before. Doesn't matter if it was named &quot;Mysterious Island&quot; or &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot;. But Alex manages to pull this off very nicely indeed; both with his story and his words. The main cause for rating the re-run with such a high mark is  because it takes place in the present day. If Richard would adventure in  late 80-ies for example it wouldn't be so good anymore. Then it would be  history or an old story but now it's a contemporary piece with just the  right amount of everything. And those who have read the books I mentioned  in the beginning, esp. that Golding's book, will certainly feel even more  at home. The fact is that I can sugest this book to you with the purest of  consciencies...
B000002JBG|5.0|This CD is great. THe song that bugs bunny sings is funny.  My 3 year old loves it.  BUY IT it is a great cd.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
B0000027RL|5.0|Having listened to Ten over and over again, I have tried to pick out the parts of each song that stand out in my mind and no matter how much I play it, the certain part is still so wonderfully sublime. Sometimes it is  obvious, other times it is one of those little quirks that just amuse me.  You might disagree with some of these, but these are just the special parts  for me.<br />1) Once (1:45) Vedder sings &quot;Try and mimic...what's  insane?&quot; and then afterwards you hear his faint whine. Delightfully  catchy.<br />2)Even Flow (0:08) The upward glide and then the entrance into  the lyrics.<br />3. Alive (1:57) &quot;I can't see...I just  staaaaaarrreee....&quot; Vedder drags his voice out and then blends  beautifully into the rest of the song.<br />4. Why Go (2:09) Rapid-fire guitar  solo.<br />5. Black (3:37) Backed by the weepy crashing piano, Vedder pours  his soul out in heart-tugging lyrics, especially when he cries out  &quot;Why? Why?&quot; For some reason when I hear this part, I see a guy  sitting on the edge of the bed and when he asks why, he is staring up in  the sky as if questioning God. Yeah, I'm weird, but its just what came to  mind.<br />6. Jeremy (0:21) Just the songwriting here is enough to carry the  entire song. Visually powerful lyrics - &quot;Arms raised in a V...dead lay  in pools of maroon below...&quot; (0:57) Chorus, of course. <br />7. Oceans  (0:33) Gentle singing. Reminds me of staring out into the vast flat ocean.  Appropriately titled.<br />8. Porch (1:50) This being my least favorite song  on Ten still has its highlight with the entertwining guitars.<br />9. Garden  (0:10) The song starts off with that melodic twinkling music and then at  about 0:10, the music makes a leap of silence then reenters with Vedder  moaning softly in the background. (1:00) Without a doubt - the defiant  chorus. &quot;I will walk...with my hands bound.&quot; <br />10. Deep (0:49)  The powerful primal scream of Vedder, yelling, &quot;But he's got AGREAT  VIEW! &quot;<br />11. Release (2:20) The glorious ascension of volume.  <br />Well, there they are. TEN, in my opinion, is the best Pearl Jam album.
6300247120|4.0|This film has some nice insights on family ties and small-town life. A great crowd-pleaser that is never manipulative, and good character development and a fantastic screenplay make it a real audience-rouser. A  superb cast give great performances but Paul Dooley is a stand-out as  Dave's Father. Exciting bike sequences that are entertaining and funny at  times, the excellent final race is superb and provides the  perfect ending.  It also has some romance and comedy mixed with some dramatic elements.  Great attention to detail and quiet direction make this the sleeper hit of  1979. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film an 8!
B000002TYK|3.0|I like the Foo Fighters.  I LOVE their other two albums, but sadly, this one doesn't quite compare.  This is their debut album, their first attempt, which may explain why it isn't as good as their more recent work.  I would  suggest that you buy &quot;There is Nothing Left to Lose&quot; or &quot;The  Colour and the Shape&quot; first, and if you still want more Foo Fighters,  then go for this one, but only then.  Don't get me wrong:  it is a good CD,  and I like it, just not as much as their other 2 albums.
0684833395|5.0|I would first like to inform other reviewers that I am a high school junior, read this as part of a choice novel project, and had no trouble grasping the ideas that Joseph Heller presented within his Catch-22.<br />The  sarcastic attitude of this novel is conspicuous, and all bonds with reality  are dropped with the first character introductions.  The humor that has  previously been criticized I found to be easy to understand, not  monotonous, and a unique aspect to illustrate WW2.  This is not to say the  humor is for all, because Heller uses many paradoxes (look up definition of  \\"catch-22\\"), simple one line contradictions, and subtle word choices to  draw a laugh-all which represent the personality of the novel.<br />Yes, there  are many characters, probably over fifty, yet grasping the names is not  important at all times.  Of course you quickly get associated with  Yossarian and the other main characters, and chapters do reintroduce people  from the early parts of the book.  This may be annoying, yet each character  is distinct, and there is little chance of confusing Milo, and entrepeneur,  with Havermeyer, the elite pilot.  In truth, the novel lacks a linear time,  but chooses, rather, to define the novel through numerous character  sketches, focusing them loosely around Yossarian.   By the later chapters  of the novel, Heller subtly introduces the gruesome truths of the war,  balancing the early humor with more realistic look.  It is through this  transition that the weight of the situation is elucidated, and by  contrasting the final chapters with the first, Heller is able to attract  our attention and force us to analyze the war.<br />What is the novel about?   There is no simple answer, yet if I attempt to state it in a single  sentence Catch-22's theme, it would be \\"The only true fault of America's  once the war began, was that we as a nation began to glorify war, without  truly understanding the implications of our actions.\\"<br />What is the idea  behind catch-22 as a statement?  Read the book.  Enjoy.  Open your eyes  with laughter and tears.  Perhaps you won't like the satirical tone, but I  would suggest to all that you try.
B000020617|5.0|How could I not give this album five stars?  Not only is it great musically, but if you happen to slip it into your PC and not your CD player, then there is an extra treat for you:  you get to see the video for  &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;, which is so funny!  Musically, however, it is  also strong, with a diverse range of songs, from the energetic Stacked  Actors, to the more tranquil aurora.  Personally, this is my favourite Foo  Fighters album to date, better even than &quot;The Colour and the  Shape&quot;.
B00001SIES|5.0|I find this album refreshingly different, despite the fact that they are always compared to Radiohead. It's a fair comparison:  the lead singer's, (Matthew Bellamy) vocals have that spine-tingling quality to them.   &quot;Sunburn&quot; is what first attracted me to Muse, but the rest of the  songs are all just as strong:  Muscle Museum, Cave, Uno being just some of  my other favourites.
0451160916|5.0| incrvel o clima que SK consegue manter em todos os seus trabalhos, e, em especial, no Iluminado. Quem viu o filme, com Jack Nicholson, sabe do que estou falando, levando em considerao que o livro  SEMPRE melhor que o filme... King mexe conosco pois seu terror  psicolgico, ele lida com  aquilo que no conhecemos.  um livro fascinante e irresistivelmente  assustador. Uma verdadeira obra-prima.
0805062971|5.0|Fight Club is one of the most amazing novels that I have ever read. Palahniuk's dark and twisted vision of relief brought upon by underground fighting matches is brilliantly written and will surely be studied like Vonnegut or Faulkner in post high school English courses in five or six  years.  A great book by a great up-in-coming author - an experience  everyone should have.
B000000OU6|5.0|NOW- onto the album itself- it ROCKS!  Really shows that Slash had a huge influence on GNR. He hasnt lost ANY of his touch, which is rare these days.  Some of the vocals are a bit dodgy,  but overall I loved this album. If you liked GNR you have to have this, if  you didnt, you have to have this anyway. There is a new album coming out  soon, I understand they are still looking for a record company to publish  it. I can't wait!
0440180295|5.0|Slaughterhouse Five has been my frist experience reading Kurt Vonnegut and fortunently it was a pleasent one.  I chose to read Slaughterhouse Five for an assignment in my English III AP class and was not looking foward to it.  However, I decided to give the book a chance so I read some of its reviews  (another positive experience), after the reviews I read a summary of the  book (this was a somewhat less positive experience).  The summary told of a  soldier who comes back from World War Two and is abducted by space aliens.   Upon reading this I had to laugh, as my teacher expressly told us that this  book was one of the best ever written.  Again to be fair, I bought the book  and began reading (I allowed myself ample time - I wasn't planning on  enjoying it) andc finished four hours later.  I was expecting to take at  least a few days, but once I started, I couldn't stop!    Vonnegut's  writing style and structure is very similar to another fantastic sci-fi  writer, Douglas Adams.  Slaughterhouse Five reminded me very much of  Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.  Both Vonnegut and Adams use similar  humor and have habits of repeating phrases (So it goes).  An overall  great book, I highly reccomend that everybody read it.
0440178002|5.0|Yes, Shogun is the best book I've ever read.  Yes it is awesome.  But, it is 1,152 pages.  To fill up those pages, Clavell describes...and describes...and describes.  For me, that is a plus.  Yet that isn't a plus for all, so if you  want action, and want it immediately, try something  half this length.
0140042520|5.0|&quot;The Dharma Bums&quot; is an excellent follow-up to Jack Kerouac's famous second novel, &quot;On the Road,&quot; a must-read for all Kerouac fans. Pay special attention to the infamous mountain climb by Kerouac, Gary Snyder, and John Montgomery--lots of great imagery, language, and central  themes of life there. This book changed my life forever. It also contains  the famous poetry reading (where Allen Ginsberg read &quot;Howl&quot;) at 6  Gallery in San Francisco (Oct. 7, 1955).
0425170349|5.0|I am puzzled by the lower reviews of this book. I rate it among his best, though never topping my favorite, &quot;Without Remorse&quot;. This World could use a &quot;Rainbox Six&quot;!
0792833686|5.0|I cannot rave enough about this movie!  The more I watch it, the more I love it.  The singing, the dancing, and the story all combine to make this one of the all-time greatest musicals and movies ever made.  My  four-year-old even watches it from beginning to end and loves every minute  of it.  If (when) you are ever in a depressed mood, watch this movie.  Gene  Kelly's optimistic, classic &quot;Singin' in the Rain&quot; sequence and  Donald O'Connor's &quot;Make 'Em Laugh&quot; performance can't help but  lift your spirits.  For musical lovers, this is a MUST OWN.  For  non-musical lovers, give this one a try.  Even without the music and  dancing, the story stands on its own.  <br />Along with the DVD, one receives  an 8-page booklet that includes little-known facts about the making of the  movie.  I found those facts quite fascinating and in some cases, quite  surprising; however, don't read the booklet until after you have seen the  movie for the first time!
0790734060|4.0|This movie rocks!  Although I am more of a Beethoven fan, the acting and music were superb!  It is movies like this that make kids interested in history.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion has always got a very strong and beautiful voice.... The Lyrics are also very touching.. specially the &quot;I am your Angel&quot; ones.. If you combine the music, lyrics and Celine's voice, you'll get an  exciting, yet relaxing combination that makes you think.....
0141301066|5.0|Matilda was a great book! I think this book, next to James and the Giant Peach and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, was Roald Dahl's best book. I thought Headmistress Trunchbull should have had a bigger part, because she  was very funny. I couldn't imagine her at my school. However, I couldn't  belive that Matilda was reading Dickens at a early age. Anyway, this was  Dahl's last really popular book. He sadly died 2 years after the  publication of Matilda.
6305426651|5.0|This movie just demonstrates what a human being is capable to do for his son.. All of the situations seem so real..and just imagine how many people had to pass through that and how many survived..  Particulary some people  that _actually_ lived in that period and had to see all that horror may  find this movie somewhat disgusting, because this movie reminds them all of  what happened there... but I must recommend it as well, because it will  touch your heart..
6301966988|3.0|THIS MOVIE WAS VERY INTERESTING.WHEN I FIRST SAW IT I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE JUST MOSTLY A ROMANCE MOVIE BUT SAW IT WAS MORE OF A DRAMA.KINDA SAD AT THE END.THIS ONE'S WORTH RENTING
B00000DC7L|5.0|This is Brian May's glorious sophomore solo album, and those who know his first album know what to expect: some darn fine music. &quot;Another World&quot; starts out with the embryonic &quot;Space&quot;, which then  launches into the rockin' &quot;Business&quot;, a tormented yet beautiful  plea for peace. &quot;China Belle&quot;, next, sports one wicked guitar, as  well as some rather predictable lyrics. Number four, the breathtaking  &quot;Why Don't We Try Again&quot;, is my personal favorite. Anyone who  doubts Brian's worthiness as a vocalist need only listen to this song once  to be convinced of the folly of their ways. Next comes &quot;On My Way  Up&quot;. From the first 'heyyy' it's fun, it's flip, it's Brian being  adorable as always. The metallic &quot;Cyborg&quot; shows off some of  Brian's supernatural guitar talent. Wow. Moving on, there's &quot;The  Guv'nor&quot; (with Jeff Beck). Okay: All I can say is, here are two of the  best guitarists in rock history, working together. What do YOU think the  result is going to be like? It's mayhem. It's a long way from the next  song, the searchingly sentimental &quot;Wilderness&quot;. Then it's back to  mad mad rock'n'roll with the excellent cover of the Beatles tune &quot;Slow  Down&quot;. This is followed by another worthy cover, Jimi Hendrix's  &quot;One Rainy Wish&quot;, which Brian executes with flair and power. Well  done, indeed. Pressing on, there's more good stuff: the live-effect  &quot;All the Way From Memphis&quot;, a cheeky Mott the Hoople cover (with  a guest appearance by Ian Hunter himself). Now it's time to wind down. The  last song on the album is the title track, &quot;Another World&quot;.  (Leave it to Brian to put the title track last.) It's a lovely piece, with  beautifully wistful lyrics and sweetly gentle acoustic guitar work.  Rewarding the patient listener, the false ending leads to an instrumental  reprise of &quot;Business&quot;, to conclude the album on a soft,  meditative note. This is a must have for all Brian and Queen fans, as well  as for anyone else who truly loves music. Mightily recommended.
B0000062GK|5.0|As an avid fan of Joe Satriani's melodic yet technically masterful guitar playing, I always have high expectations for a new album of his.  Yet even with that high expectation, Crystal Planet blows me away.  The guitar work  ranges from fast and furious to slow and moving, with everything in  between.  This CD makes you want to get up and move, and will then move you  on an emotional level, as the music connects with something in you.  If you  have never heard of him before, buy this disc and discover what you are  missing.
6305171769|5.0|THIS ONE WAS BETTER THAN THE REST BECAUSE IT HAD JAMIE LEE CURTIS AND IT DIDNT HAVE THAT ANNOYING DONALD PLEASANCE.HE WAS AN OLD MAN.AND HE MADE SOME OF THE MOVIES KINDA CHEESY.SEE THIS MOVIE.IT'S PRETTY SCARY
B000001ESP|5.0|Moving Pictures is, in my opinion, one of (if not the) greatest rock albums of all time.  The influence Rush has had on other bands, the influence theri music has had on their listeners cannot be measured.  Songs  that are both complex and listenable take you on a journey and never  dissapoint, right up to the end with the ecclectic &quot;Vital Signs&quot;.   This is one album not to be left out of the library of any rock  enthusiast.
6304288433|3.0|THIS ONE WAS JUST OKAY.I GAVE IT THREE STARS BECAUSE IT WAS PRETTY SCARY.JUST SEE THIS MOVIE ANYWAY.IT TAKES OFF WHERE THE FIRST HALLOWEEN ENDED
0312932081|5.0|I recieved my first copy of Enders Game when i was 17 from a co-worker. I read it, remembered it and loved it. Eventually over  a series of moves i also lost it. I bought another copy and when it arrived i started reading immidatly. 226 pages under 36 hours. Thats with 10 hours of sleep as well.  This copy that i have now is going into my safe. If anyone wants to borrow  it they will require to beat me to death to get to it. It is absoutly the  best book that i've ever read in the Sci-Fi section. <br />Personal feelings  aside. The way the book was written was in of itself beautiful. The detail  to science i've never seen in other books. Not only the science part but  the humanity, feelings and emotions. Bravo Orson Scott Card. I'm looking  forward to reading the next book.
6301562925|4.0|THIS ONE WAS SCARY.THE WRITER WAS REALLY CREATIVE HAVING DANIELLE HARRIS HIDE IN THE LAUNDRY SHOOT AND MICHEL TRYING TO STAB HER FROM THE OUTSIDE.THAT WAS REALLY FREAKY.AND IT WAS COOL HOW DANIELLE COULD FEEL WHEN  MICHAEL WAS GOING TO KILL SOMEONE.ANYBODY WHO LIKES GOOD THRILLERS GET THIS  ONE AND YOU'LL WANT TO SEE IT AGAIN.PREPARE TO GET FREAKED OUT BEFORE  WATCHING THIS MOVIE.REALLY SCARY!
B00000I07P|5.0|I just got into 80's music not long ago because I wasn't old enough to appriciate the decade back then.  I bought this album about three years ago, and now it doesn't come out of my CD player.  The lyrics might be a  little cheeky, but this album is all about being young and free and  appriciating the best days of our lives.  As a fifteen year old I can  relate to this music better than any of the popular music today.  It's not  just the lyrics that make this album great either.  Richie Sambora's guitar  wails and illustrates the hair metal style of the 80's.  The melodies are  extremely infectious and every song has a lick in it that will rock you.   It's no Blonde on Blonde or Sgt. Pepper's, but this album is truely  memorable.  My favorites: 1) Never Say Goodbye 2) I'd Die For You 3)  Without Love 4) Livin' On A Prayer 5) Wanted Dead Or Alive.
B0000039LE|5.0|NOW THIS IS MY KINDA MOVIE! I REALLY LIKE MOVIES WHERE THERE'S A KILLER STALKING A GIRL OR A GIRL BEATING UP A KILLER,I LIKE THOSE KINDA MOVIES.AND THIS MOVIE HAD A LOT OF THAT KINDA STUFF.IVE SEEN IT OVER 50 TIMES AND IM  STILL YELLING AT JAMIE CURTIS TO GET OUT OF THAT HOUSE!,OR RUN!THIS HAS TO  BE ONE OF THE GREATEST HORROR FILMS OF ALL TIME.THE REST ARE SCARY,BUT A  WHOLE BUNCH OF VIOLENCE AND GORE.THIS MOVIE IS WORTH RENTING.GET IT.
B00000I07P|5.0|I just got into 80's music not long ago because I wasn't old enough to appriciate the decade back then.  I bought this album about three years ago, and now it doesn't come out of my CD player.  The lyrics might be a  little cheeky, but this album is all about being young and free and  appriciating the best days of our lives.  As a fifteen year old I can  relate to this music better than any of the popular music today.  It's not  just the lyrics that make this album great either.  Richie Sambora's guitar  wails and illustrates the hair metal style of the 80's.  The melodies are  extremely infectious and every song has a lick in it that will rock you.   It's no Blonde on Blonde or Sgt. Pepper's, but this album is truly  memorable.  My favorites: 1) Never Say Goodbye 2) I'd Die For You 3)  Without Love 4) Livin' On A Prayer 5) Wanted Dead Or Alive.
0790739356|1.0|If you are going to make a film in someone's back yard, at least there should be some gripping dialog or novel character development. This film was horrendously bad, trotting out all the scifi and action movie clichs,  without adding anything to them. Russell's macho posing can't hide the  utter lack of thought that goes into his character. This movie was made on  a shoestring to take advantage of people (like me) who are stupid enough to  see anything that smacks of scifi and action. No more.
0590353403|5.0|I had heard so much about the Harry Potter books before I actually picked up the first one, and the raves I had heard were not wrong!  As an avid fantasy reader, I had missed the books from my youth which introduced me to  the genre.  Harry Potter, the character, brings back all the magic that I  had been missing.  While I am not in the age group for which the book is  recommended, I am in the age group which this book satisfies.  I plan on  owning the whole series and sharing the wonder of the stories with my kids  when I have them.  Until then, I will read for my own pleasure, reveling in  the intrigue, magic, and fantasy as I follow Harry through his adventures.
B00000K31Q|4.0|I rented this movie with my 13-year old sister thinking it would be another disappointing &quot;teeny-bopper&quot; movie, rating among She's All That and Cruel Intentions.  However, I was surpirsed at the comedy and  the acting of Julia Stiles who just cracked me up and the guy who played  Michael, the one who sets up the whole plan.  Larissa Oleynik was adorable  as Bianca and Joseph Gordon-Levitt is perfect for the role of Cameron - the  guy that likes Bianca. Andrew Keegan - the &quot;pretty boy&quot; who you  love to hate!  His hair-do cracks me up!  Heath Leger plays the bully who  is paid to date Julia Stiles' character and ends up really liking her.  He  is also pretty hot and his accent is awesome!  I didn't know that this was  an updated version of &quot;Taming of the Shrew&quot; until I read it on  here.  Now I am going to read the play!  This movie is definitely worth  watching!
0440234743|5.0|Amazing Book!  Could not put it down!  Great plot and KILLER ending! <br />I highly suggest you read this book. It is unforgetable!
B00000K31Q|4.0|I rented this movie with my 13-year old sister thinking it would be another disappointing &quot;teeny-bopper&quot; movie, rating among She's All That and Cruel Intentions.  However, I was surpirsed at the comedy and  the acting of Julia Stiles who just cracked me up and the guy who played  Michael, the one who sets up the whole plan.  Larissa Oleynik was adorable  as Bianca and Joseph Gordon-Levitt is perfect for the role of Cameron - the  guy that likes Bianca. Andrew Keegan - the &quot;pretty boy&quot; who you  love to hate!  His hair-do cracks me up!  Heath Leger plays the bully who  is paid to date Julia Stiles' character and ends up really liking her.  He  is also pretty hot and his accent is awesome!  I didn't know that this was  an updated version of &quot;Taming of the Shrew&quot; until I read it on  here.  Now I am going to read the play!  This movie is definitely worth  watching!
B000002C1X|5.0|This is quite possibly the best album ever recorded or concieved. A long, long story of a boy named Pink who faces the death of his father, an overprotective mother, his wife leaving, and the pressures of stardom, and,  due to all of this, he secludes himself from the world behind a wall. In  the end, his punishment is to have this wall torn down. There is no hint as  to what happens after the wall is torn down.  While I admit, some of the  songs seem dull, and they seem to drag on, the overall theme holds  everything together. And songs like &quot;In The Flesh&quot;,  &quot;Mother&quot;, &quot;Hey You&quot;, &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;,  &quot;Run Like Hell&quot;, and many others are amazing. Overall, this is  the ultimate story. Be sure to check out the movie too, it clears up some  of the confusion you may have after listening to the album, as well as  confuses you with some other things.
B00000ILDF|1.0|Don't even try to make sense of the story. This movie was rushed and it bombed!
0140177396|5.0|My name is Kelly, and I am a junior in high school and I was recently assigned to read John Stienbeck's novel OF MICE AND MEN.  I thouroughly enjoyed reading this book, for many different reasons.  For instance,  Steinbeck uses a storyline that grabs the attention of all ages, young or  old.  In the begining, we are introduced to George and Lennie the novel's  two main characters.  They are fleeing from their former hometown in search  of a new job opportunity on a ranch located in the Salinas Valley.  The two  fathem a dream of owning their own ranch one day with lots of acres and  rabbits.  They work out a plan to earn money so this dream can be  fulfilled.  While on the ranch the young childish Lennie is objected to  numerous situations, in which they put George in akward posiitions.   George's loyalty is constantly tested throughout the novel.  With a  surprise ending their dream seems to fade away. This book is one everyone  should read, because it teaches  the meaning of friendship and the  &quot;American Dream&quot;.
6305750750|5.0|The Star Wars movies are made so that the whole family can watch and enjoy and Episode 1 carries on that tradition.  It proably could have been alot more if there was more action and violence but that was and is not the  point to these movies.  The story is an excellent precursor to the setting  up of the rest of the series and the action is very well balanced against  the rest of the storyline.  Darth Maul made an excellent villian, even  though it was a rather short career.   Overall the movie has an excellent  blend of action, humor, and plot to keep the whole family entertained and  the special effects are top notch.  This is a great family movie, there is  a good lesson within the story, and I would recommend this movie to anyone.
0440211727|5.0|A time to kill is a book that every one should have a chance to read. Becuse it is real interesting  and the title espachilly cetches your eye. A time to Kill  is about race, rape , things that use to happend to the  African American people espechilly the heip less one's the chilldren. This  book should be the best celler if it is alredy not  When I first started  reading this book I could not get my head out of it becuse it is really  intrestinn and for thoghs who passed this book up in the store go back and  read it becuse you would not want to put it down.
B000002JEV|4.0|Led Zeppelin took hard rock to a level very few rock musicians could even dream about. They took a style that was painfully original and worked it and molded it into something no one else thus far has been able to capture.  The &quot;BBC Sessions&quot; CD draws its material from shows the band  performed on British radio from '69 to '71. The recordings, while they may  not exactly be of fantastic sound quality, more than make up for it with  spontaneous energy and surprise turns in and out of every song.<br />Over the  two-disc set, the band covers all styles of rock, from slow-lick, rolling  blues (&quot;You Shook Me,&quot; a fier cover of Robert Johnson's  &quot;Travelling Riverside Blues&quot;) to high octane rock (the terminally  raucous &quot;Immigrant Song&quot; and &quot;Communication Breakdown,&quot;  which actually appears three times) to quiet, folksy ballads (the mellow  &quot;Going to California&quot; and the quintessential &quot;Stairway to  Heaven&quot;). Jimmy Page's machine-gun guitar and Robert Plant's  screamingly terrific vocals come across beautifully on this  album.<br />&quot;BBC Sessions&quot; captures Led Zeppelin at their most  basic: a fantastic rock band with the ability to do just about anything  they wanted to. This CD is essential listening for anyone who is a rock  music fan.
B00001NFCY|5.0|at first i thought this cd was a big disapointment.  The only songs i origionally like were Higher and What If.  Now that i've listened to it a few times, i realize that tracks like Are You Ready? and Say I are great  songs.
052594527X|5.0|Little is known about the life of Johannes Vermeer. With 35 paintings to his credit he's a bit of an enigma. Perhaps it is that enigmatic persona that lends itself so well to the genre of speculative fiction. Dutch  Renaissance fiction, and specifically Vermeer, is the dernier cri right now  and the newest contributer is Tracy Chevalier with her novel, Girl With a  Pearl Earring. <br />Chevalier's novel centers around Vermeer's chaotic  seventeenth century Delft household. Enter sixteen year old Griet, forced  to work after her father is blinded in an accident. She is hired as a maid,  but her quiet steady manner and artistic inclination soon have her secretly  working with Vermeer; first cleaning his studio, then grinding pigments,  and finally posing secretly for the painting known as the &quot;Dutch Mona  Lisa.&quot;<br />The beauty of Girl With a Pearl Earring, like a Vermeer  itself, lies in it's deceptive simplicity. The use of sparse, matter of  fact language belies the novel's depth and sophistication. Chevalier  magically weaves fact and fiction. She brilliantly explains the nuances of  Vermeer's masterpiece; the girl's odd expression, its mixture of innocence,  guilt, desire, and fear. This is a poignant bitter sweet story, part coming  of age novel, and part art history lesson, and entirely too wonderful to  miss.
B00003CWPR|5.0|With the exception of Dr. Strangelove &amp; The Shining I can do without Stanley Kubrick. I must say, however, I found Eyes Wide Shut both intriguing and well done. If you can sit through all of 2001, you can't  possibly say Eyes Wide Shut is slow--or difficult to understand! And that's  not to mention the gorgeous T&amp;A. Nothing cryptic about that. No siree.
B000002HH2|5.0|Artists who are worth their salt must grow. By that measure, Bjork is worth a lot of salt. She has yet to dissapoint me in that she refuses to stand still artistically. Yes, there is a definitive Bjork-ish-ness about  her music, but I don't think she makes the mistake of making the same album  over and over.<br />Her 1995 CD, Post, is a nice followup to 1993's Debut. In  this album, some of the seeds she planted in Debut begin to mature, as she  drifts farther from the mainstream and her Sugarcubes roots.<br />&quot;Army  of Me&quot; I tired of rather quickly, but that's OK. It was the hit single  after all, and typical of hits, it couldn't hold my attention long. Can't  hold her responsible for that. &quot;Possibly Maybe&quot; on the other  hand, which you've probably seen on MTV, I never tire of. There's a lot  going on in that song, and the notes Bjork chooses are positively jazz  inspired.<br />But I think the thing that hooked me on Post (which was my  introduction to Bjork, by the way, in 1997) was the pure emotion that comes  across in her music, and in her voice. &quot;Hyperballad&quot; is the one  that really gets to me. The lyrics outline the story of a woman who walks  to the edge of a cliff every morning, throws junk off, and contemplates  suicide as she watches the items fall and strike the rocks below. The  reason she indicates for this bizarre behaviour is that after that rather  dismal start to her day, there's nowhere to go but up. Dark? Certainly.  Sappy? Perhaps. But for whatever reason, I was emotionally affected by that  song. But no matter the subject of the lyrics, it is Bjork's delivery that  really sells the emotion, and what ultimately affects me. It's just nice  that Hyperballad had something more to it lyrically.<br />There's plenty of  good music on this one. There's the ethereal opening to &quot;Isobel&quot;,  which is orchestral and haunting in its beauty. I could listen to that  minute and a half alone over and over (and I have). There's a Japanese  quality to &quot;Cover Me&quot;. This one was evidently recorded in a cave,  apparently a result of an incident during recording the album when Bjork  just decided to run out into the night in the middle of a recording  session, sound men scrambling to drag some recording equipment out the door  after her...you can even hear the bats in the background. Strange song,  almost shades of Yoko Ono, but I love it. Nice, experimental  stuff.<br />Granted, Bjork's music is not for the closed minded or musically  timid. And I know I'm not the typical consumer sample -- I'm an artist at a  game company -- but I find all her albums very inspiring. I usually have  one of them on while I work, and I find I'm more relaxed and creative for  it.<br />Bottom line, for creative people, or even just people who enjoy  adventurous music that's a little out of the ordinary, Post won't  disappoint.
0887307396|5.0|If you are trying to build a business that stands for something that you can imagine being around a hundred years from now, you have to read this book.  If I could only get you to read one book, this is the one I'd give you.
B00000JGHM|4.0|If you have three hours to kill and want a movie that has intense, incredible action scenes and fantastic performances by two of this generations greatest actors, this is the movie for you.  The action  sequences are breathtaking.  The performances by DeNiro and Pacino alone  would make this movie worth watching, but add in the action and a good  supporting cast and this movie earns its high rating.  This would be an  instant classic, but for the too long running time and excess subplots.  Joe Dane shines in his uncredited screen debut.
B000000H64|5.0|A storming blaze of metal executed to perfection, Fear Factorys greatest work bringing structure  into raging metal. The first four tracks particuarly stand out, working well together and eventually leading up to  the beast of a track that is `Replica'. A powerful example of industrial  metal at its best, buy it. Metal is alive and kicking!
B00000JMQC|5.0|I thought that this movie was very detailed and really broughtmany of L. Frank Baum's books together.  For those people who aredevoted \\"Wizard of Oz\\" fans, they may not enjoy this movieas much.  I for one have not read the books...YET! I plan on reading them though.  This is overall a great movie for the whole family, but I suggest that little children not see it only because of some the scarier parts in the movie.  Also, don't expect any singing and dancing, and no munchkins!  I loved this film.
B000003S2M|3.0|I loved this pair's work on &quot;The Pearl&quot;. I found that album to be zenlike in its &quot;cut to the absolute minimum&quot; minimalism. A few notes of a lovely phrase, sometimes simply two or three chords, were  treated to Eno's very tasteful electronic colorings and tonal landscapes.  While very simple, it was never tonally predictable so that it could engage  the listener for many repeated listenings. On &quot;Plateaux of  Mirror&quot;, I sometimes have felt that I was listening to one of those  budget new age knockoffs that you find for sale in large retail outlets  like Wal-mart. There is very little coloring here, so much so that I  wondered what Eno's role was on this album. A few lovely pieces, a few  so-so pieces that revolve around basic (and uninspired) progressions, and a  few that sound as if they were Chopin without his melodic talent. The works  here seem unusually busy to my ears-not contemplative as I had hoped. I  found this inferior to the almost perfect &quot;The Pearl&quot;.
B000002B36|5.0|THERE ARE PARTS ON THIS ALBUM WHERE DAVID GILMOUR STUMBLES (TIME, US AND THEM, AND BREATHE) BUT THE MEMORABLE PERFORMANCES OF SHINE ON..., SORROW, LEARNING TO FLY, BRICK 2, RUN...,COMFORTABLY NUMB, AND MOST OF ALL, WISH  YOU WERE HERE, MAKE THIS THE  BEST PF ALBUM EVER.  YOU MIGHT SAY &quot;DARK  SIDE OF THE MOON IS BETTER&quot;, BUT CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT  DSOTM IS  ON THIS ALBUM IN ITS ENTIRETY (IT ALSO INCLUDES SOME NEW SOUND EFFECTS.   MONEY IS LONGER TOO! )AND THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS GREAT TOO.  BUY IT.
B00004LN16|5.0|With the noise I hear today, I thank God AC/DC is still rockin'.  I mean, these guys today don't even compare to the talent AC/DC has.  When I bought this album, I was so glad that they went back to their bluesy rockin' days.   So many hard rockin' bands today have almost no rhythm nor talent  whatsoever.  In Stiff Upper Lip, AC/DC puts all the bands that try to rock  the stage, TO SHAME!   First off, they don't cuss real heavily when today's  groups thrive on it, like RATM.  Second, the lead guitarist knows what he's  doing on this album, the other guitarists, in other groups, don't.  All  they do is go and play (what I simply call) noise.  As for AC/DC, Stiff  Upper Lip is the 2nd best in AC/DC's Brian Johnson era...first is Back In  Black.  I hope next year's Grammy's recognize the talent of AC/DC, instead  of picking a loud, untalented, noisy group..like Manson or RATM.  Finally,  I like to say that if you like AC/DC, get this album, it is a MUST GET!   <br />p.s. To the others who didn't like it at all..you just don't know AC/DC  I guess.
B000002C1W|5.0|This is a great album.  What's all your guys' problems?  This is not a BAD PF album, it's just a  DIFFERENT PF album.  So get over it.
6305079811|4.0|This is one of the stupidest films you'll ever see...and one of the funnest!
B000002C1W|5.0|This is a great album.  What's all your guys' problems?  This is not a BAD PF album, it's just a  DIFFERENT PF album.  So get over it.
6305076626|3.0|I'd heard some of the songs on the radio, and liked one or two, so it was fun to see them in the movie for the first time recently. To those who don't like this movie, and wonder how it became a cult classic: well, the  movie was a total flop when first released, but someone at the studio  thought it could be saved if pushed as a cult-see-it-again-and-again film.  And people bought into that. I never saw it in the theater. Meatloaf fans  should be alerted that he is in the movie. It's a stupid movie, but the  music is pretty good, and rock musicals almost fail in the music  department. And Tim Curry plays camp well, as the vain, cocky star. I'm  surprised he didn't become a bigger star. Maybe this movie pigeon-holed him  in studio executives eyes, and they didn't know what to do with him.  Anyway, &quot;Flash&quot;, the Flash Gordon film Queen did the soundttrack  for is a stupid film, but I liked that , too. (Although that one wasn't  weird like this one).
B000002B36|5.0|THERE ARE PARTS ON THIS ALBUM WHERE DAVID GILMOUR STUMBLES (TIME, US AND THEM, AND BREATHE) BUT THE MEMORABLE PERFORMANCES OF SHINE ON..., SORROW, LEARNING TO FLY, BRICK 2, RUN...,COMFORTABLY NUMB, AND MOST OF ALL, WISH  YOU WERE HERE, MAKE THIS THE  BEST PF ALBUM EVER.  YOU MIGHT SAY &quot;DARK  SIDE OF THE MOON IS BETTER&quot;, BUT CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT  DSOTM IS  ON THIS ALBUM IN ITS ENTIRETY (IT ALSO INCLUDES SOME NEW SOUND EFFECTS.   MONEY IS LONGER TOO! )AND THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS GREAT TOO.  BUY IT.
B000001Y79|5.0|I think this CD is the best, and everyone should own it. I love the song &quot;Just a Girl&quot;. It's the best. The band really knows how to play music!  Hopefully this was helpful (probably not!)
B000002C1W|5.0|This is a great album.  What's all your guys' problems?  This is not a BAD PF album, it's just a  DIFFERENT PF album.  So get over it.
0780622553|5.0|I had &quot;Dark City&quot; on VHS, but bought it again on DVD after I purchased a DVD player.  This really is a great movie, not only for it's beautiful photography, but also for excellent storytelling.  The movie  really does deserve to be watched twice before judging.     When I watched  this movie the first time, I felt the same emotions that the main  character, John Murdock felt, because I was so confused - as was he - about  what was happening to him.  As the movie progressed, and Mr. Murdock, yes,  became more aware, so did I.     Excellent, Excellent.  Great DVD features  as well with 2 commentary tracks.  I would give it more stars if possible.
B000002B36|5.0|THERE ARE PARTS ON THIS ALBUM WHERE DAVID GILMOUR STUMBLES (TIME, US AND THEM, AND BREATHE) BUT THE MEMORABLE PERFORMANCES OF SHINE ON..., SORROW, LEARNING TO FLY, BRICK 2, RUN...,COMFORTABLY NUMB, AND MOST OF ALL, WISH  YOU WERE HERE, MAKE THIS THE  BEST PF ALBUM EVER.  YOU MIGHT SAY &quot;DARK  SIDE OF THE MOON IS BETTER&quot;, BUT CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT  DSOTM IS  ON THIS ALBUM IN ITS ENTIRETY (IT ALSO INCLUDES SOME NEW SOUND EFFECTS.   MONEY IS LONGER TOO! )AND THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS GREAT TOO.  BUY IT.
0790733897|4.0|For me, watching Bullitt gives a feel of being in San Francisco for me rivaled only by the original Dirty Harry. Like or hate San Fran, it has one of the most distinct personalities of any city in the world I have visited  (I'm a 17-year Navy sailor, 13 years &quot;sea time&quot;). I was stationed  in the S. Francisco Bay Area for 9 years (Alameda/Oakland and Moffett/Santa  Clara).        Bullitt covers a great deal of San Francisco- airport,  insanely steep streets, freeways, clubs, expressways, etc in a very short  time. Modern movies often rely on special effects such as hidden-ramp  launched cars twisting unrealistically in the air, supposedly airborne  after touching the nose of another car.        I get tired of effects which  have no realistic cause.  Bullitt has a gritty reality.  McQueen's  character has a fast car... you know it, you hear the growl of its healthy  engine, you see high speed manuevers without a bunch of slow motion, you  sense the intensity of McQueen as he muscles the car all over San Fran  trying to catch an equally powerful Dodge.      Yet this seemingly exciting  life is also portrayed in a common circumstance.  McQueen has problems in  his lovelife: his girl is not impressed. Dealing routinely with death and  destruction is part of a job professionalism to him. To her, it is cold,  emotional numbness.       When the movie ends, we don't know if they live  happily ever after.      This makes the movie a classic to me: it is a  snapshot.  The viewer must draw his/her own conclusions.      This is why I  like many of the independent movies these days: economical in delivery, and  complex in concept: not elaborate, excessive stunts.  Keep the effects  within the story line, and move on.  Run Lola Run: a snapshot of urban  Germany? Don't know, haven't been there. But this movie gave me a feel for  a town just like Bullitt did; like I had been there. A rare commodity these  days.      Thank you.
B000002B36|5.0|THERE ARE PARTS ON THIS ALBUM WHERE DAVID GILMOUR STUMBLES (TIME, US AND THEM, AND BREATHE) BUT THE MEMORABLE PERFORMANCES OF SHINE ON..., SORROW, LEARNING TO FLY, BRICK 2, RUN...,COMFORTABLY NUMB, AND MOST OF ALL, WISH  YOU WERE HERE, MAKE THIS THE  BEST PF ALBUM EVER.  YOU MIGHT SAY &quot;DARK  SIDE OF THE MOON IS BETTER&quot;, BUT CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT  DSOTM IS  ON THIS ALBUM IN ITS ENTIRETY (IT ALSO INCLUDES SOME NEW SOUND EFFECTS.   MONEY IS LONGER TOO! )AND THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS GREAT TOO.  BUY IT.
B000002BUY|5.0|i love incubus, they are better than most of the sell out rock bands like Korn and limp bizkit.  This band is like Tool and 311 blended together and they rock live. New tour with 311 in the summer of 2000!
B000002C1W|5.0|This is a great album.  What's all your guys' problems?  This is not a BAD PF album, it's just a  DIFFERENT PF album.  So get over it.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Depp and thoughful lyrics, great music. what else can be said? I'm going to buy their other album!
B000002B36|5.0|THERE ARE PARTS ON THIS ALBUM WHERE DAVID GILMOUR STUMBLES (TIME, US AND THEM, AND BREATHE) BUT THE MEMORABLE PERFORMANCES OF SHINE ON..., SORROW, LEARNING TO FLY, BRICK 2, RUN...,COMFORTABLY NUMB, AND MOST OF ALL, WISH  YOU WERE HERE, MAKE THIS THE  BEST PF ALBUM EVER.  YOU MIGHT SAY &quot;DARK  SIDE OF THE MOON IS BETTER&quot;, BUT CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT  DSOTM IS  ON THIS ALBUM IN ITS ENTIRETY (IT ALSO INCLUDES SOME NEW SOUND EFFECTS.   MONEY IS LONGER TOO! )AND THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS GREAT TOO.  BUY IT.
B00000K0DT|3.0|I bought the DVD of this movie based on the reviews here.  I read that the movie has a surprise ending so I expected that the ending I foresaw coming was not going to be the real ending.  Wrong!  The ending was *exactly* what  I expected.  I won't give the ending away, but don't buy this movie  expecting a real surprise, especially if you've read any mysteries at  all.<br />Good acting, however, and a moderately interesting plot.  Certainly  not the best movie of all time but not a waste of time either.  A *much*  better movie with Gabriel Byrne is &quot;Miller's Crossing&quot;.
B000002B36|5.0|THERE ARE PARTS ON THIS ALBUM WHERE DAVID GILMOUR STUMBLES (TIME, US AND THEM, AND BREATHE) BUT THE MEMORABLE PERFORMANCES OF SHINE ON..., SORROW, LEARNING TO FLY, BRICK 2, RUN...,COMFORTABLY NUMB, AND MOST OF ALL, WISH  YOU WERE HERE, MAKE THIS THE  BEST PF ALBUM EVER.  YOU MIGHT SAY &quot;DARK  SIDE OF THE MOON IS BETTER&quot;, BUT CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT  DSOTM IS  ON THIS ALBUM IN ITS ENTIRETY (IT ALSO INCLUDES SOME NEW SOUND EFFECTS.   MONEY IS LONGER TOO! )AND THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS GREAT TOO.  BUY IT.
B0000256VK|5.0|If I was stranded on a deserted island, this is the one album I want with me.
B000002B36|5.0|THERE ARE PARTS ON THIS ALBUM WHERE DAVID GILMOUR STUMBLES (TIME, US AND THEM, AND BREATHE) BUT THE MEMORABLE PERFORMANCES OF SHINE ON..., SORROW, LEARNING TO FLY, BRICK 2, RUN...,COMFORTABLY NUMB, AND MOST OF ALL, WISH  YOU WERE HERE, MAKE THIS THE  BEST PF ALBUM EVER.  YOU MIGHT SAY &quot;DARK  SIDE OF THE MOON IS BETTER&quot;, BUT CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT  DSOTM IS  ON THIS ALBUM IN ITS ENTIRETY (IT ALSO INCLUDES SOME NEW SOUND EFFECTS.   MONEY IS LONGER TOO! )AND THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS GREAT TOO.  BUY IT.
B00000B5LO|5.0|This is a must have album for any Latin American, music lover.  Ry Cooder brings out some of the best of Cuba's talented artists in this single album.  Many songs are classics from the 50's and 60's Cuban sons y  boleros.  There is not one bad song on the whole album and each has a  distinct and different flavor que agrada la gente!
B000002C1W|5.0|This is a great album.  What's all your guys' problems?  This is not a BAD PF album, it's just a  DIFFERENT PF album.  So get over it.
B000002ULO|4.0|In this album, recorded shortly after Paul finished work on the Beatles' Anthology albums, we see Paul's creative energies reborn. These songs are mostly simple pop/rock songs that tie back to the best stuff he did with  John. We also see Paul looking back on a life that is full of many great  memories. (Linda's illness may have motivated this). In &quot;The Songs We  Were Singing&quot; the lyrics paint a picture of Paul hanging out with  friends (John, Rings, George, or maybe later) and just enjoying a good time  discussing all those things that seem so frightully important at that time.  &quot;Flaming Pie&quot; is a 2 minute rock song that is a great example of  Beatles work, and probably would have been included on a Beatles album in  the 60's (as would &quot;Calico Skies&quot;)The final song &quot;Great  Day&quot; is a wonderful little duet between Paul and Linda. All the more  poignant is &quot;Little Willow&quot; a song wrote for the children of a  family friend who died. It takes on added meaning with Linda's passing.<br />I  loved this album, I enjoyed the work from Steve Miller, Ringo, and Jeff  Lynne. If you enjoy Paul McCartney, the Beatles, or just good pop/rock  music, this is a must have for your collection
B000002C1W|5.0|This is a great album.  What's all your guys' problems?  This is not a BAD PF album, it's just a  DIFFERENT PF album.  So get over it.
0140282033|3.0|Oddly enough I've chosen to read this book during Lent. I would love to be in her shop sipping one of her chocolate confections. But for now I will take pleasure in the way she welcomes anyone and everyone into her shop and  seems to know what their special desire is.  I wonder what she would give  me?
B000002C1W|5.0|This is a great album.  What's all your guys' problems?  This is not a BAD PF album, it's just a  DIFFERENT PF album.  So get over it.
B00000IGGA|4.0|First, let it be said that Waits is one of my musical heroes.  He has an amazing voice, a killer sense for evocative productions, and amazing songwriting skills.  His songs are gruffly affecting or just plain scary.   I have 99% of everything he's ever done.<br />However, I just can't bring  myself to worship this album like so many other fans seem to.  Many  hardcore Waits fans have noticed this too... there's something  fundamentally not here on this record.<br />I'll try to explain.  Waits' music  moved from the Weill-y to the Partch-ian after &quot;Big Time&quot; in  1988.  His music became rougher, bluesier, darker, more skronky.  This mix  was really really powerful... Bone Machine is perhaps the ideal example of  this, and is one of the most musically interesting records I've  heard.<br />However, Waits turns his back on the first-take swampiness of this  trend completely on this record... it seems almost overproduced and too  clean -- &quot;Get Behind the Mule&quot; in particular bothers me.  The  pseudo-junk quality of &quot;Cold Water&quot; and &quot;Chocolate  Jesus&quot; seems phony also.  This album does sound plenty weird, but  formulaically so.  That's one thing.<br />Secondly, the genres he covers don't  always work, and often seem like simple reduxes of earlier songs.   &quot;Hold On&quot; is way too reminiscent of his twin rock-ish ballads  from 1985's Raindogs --&quot;Downtown Train&quot; and &quot;Hang Down Your  Head.&quot;  &quot;Get Behind the Mule&quot; cops its groove straight from  &quot;Gun Street Girl&quot; or &quot;All Stripped Down&quot; (all rough  percussion and muttered vocals, but again without the excitement of Bone  Machine).  &quot;Chocolate Jesus&quot; is just pretty dull.  It's a very  funny, ironic tune, but the performance is sacrificed in favor of a  gimmicky field-recording sound that really can't top the clank of something  like &quot;Murder in the Red Barn.&quot;  &quot;What's He Building&quot; is  a straight ripoff of &quot;The Ocean Doesn't Want Me.&quot;  The more  piano-led material also often seems like a lite distillation of the  yearning characters of Waits' Elektra period, before he &quot;went  weird&quot; -- &quot;Pony&quot; is laughable (&quot;I've seen it all  boys&quot;?  gimme a break) and musically dull, &quot;Georgia Lee,&quot;  &quot;House Where Nobody Lives&quot; and &quot;Hold On,&quot; while  performed well, seem too maudlin and emotionally simplistic.<br />This brings  me to my 3rd beef, the lyrics.  &quot;Hold On&quot; is, let's not mince  words here, &quot;Time&quot;-lite.  It doesn't hold a narrative or even a  theme, just little greeting card images of heartbreak.  Same for  &quot;House Where Nobody Lives&quot; (although not as bad, as it has more  of a classic sound and feel) and &quot;Pony.&quot;  &quot;Get Behind the  Mule&quot; and &quot;Cold Water&quot; are limp, both also being collections  of 2-line vignettes without anything to tie them together.  Who can forget  the thrill of the caper described in &quot;Gun Street Girl&quot; or the  ominous character of &quot;Black Wings&quot;?  Waits is simply not up to it  here.<br />However, Waits fans are a spoiled lot.  TW's discography is mighty,  a 25-year body of work that's almost continual innovation.  Waits mastered  the story song, the heartbreak song, the greasy blues, the beatnik jazz  ballad, and countless other genres of his own invention.  By almost any  other standard but Waits's own, this is a hell of a record.  The strength  of the best of these songs (and hell, even the weak ones) comes out live --  Waits rasping cheerfully about the &quot;immaculate confection&quot; of  &quot;Chocolate Jesus&quot; makes you grin every time.<br />And of course,  since this review has been more of a rant, I didn't mention the many  fantastic songs that absolutely rule.  &quot;Big in Japan&quot; is a manic  jungle funk with blasts of horn, jagged guitar and a killer sound effect  loop.  &quot;Lowside of the Road&quot; is clankingly primitive and  fabulous.  &quot;Black Market Baby&quot; is a snappy jazz tune performed  with the sonic quality of dripping water, and has the great line  &quot;She's a diamond that wants to stay coal.&quot;  &quot;Picture in a  Frame&quot; is an elegant, simple love song, with a strong soul influence,  highlighted by Waits' warm growl.  &quot;Filipino Box Spring Hog&quot; is  crazy Beefheartian funk with a crashing, crunchy groove.  And of course,  the back to back masterpieces that close the record &quot;Take It With  Me&quot; and &quot;Come On Up to the House&quot; simply astonish; the  former being a ballad about the power of memory that will probably live on  as one of his most universally appealing songs (a la &quot;The Heart of  Saturday Night&quot;); and the latter being a moving soul-gospel uproar  with Waits' best vocal performance since (dare I say it?) &quot;Anywhere I  Lay My Head.&quot;<br />While this album may be fundamentally weaker than many  of his others, it's still a TW album for God's sake, and the man is after  all a genius.  We have to forgive him his occasional weak moments.
6305358591|2.0|Great cast and history were wasted the the director's heavy hand in conducting this movie. THe narrative is slow and boring, although the general plot is so good. Sad..
6305807086|4.0|This film is well worth seeing just on its merit as a comedy.  Many of the jokes remind me of THE SIMPSONS (a _good_ thing), and yet the film definitely transcends these limits.<br />The questions about and examination  of identity, infatuation, sexual desire, and the value of one's life are  there in spades, though no clear resolution comes of it.  (Not a bad thing,  just an observation.)<br />Some of the camera work is simply stunning, esp.  the opening sequence and John Malkovich's &quot;dance&quot; sequence.  If  you appreciate cinematography and crisp direction, this film will be right  up your alley.<br />Sorry for the disjointed review ... just my thoughts on  this film off the top of my head.
0790731002|4.0|Despite what you may have heard, there is absolutely nothing &quot;sunny&quot; about this third installment of Warner Brothers' Batman series. In fact, this film includes one element that fans of the more  brooding, gothic version version of Batman have been hoping for-a truly  ominous and horrific glimpse of Arkham Asylum. No, Virginia, this is not a  Sesame Street version of Gotham City...but it IS highly stylised, perhaps  lending it's nightmare vision closer to Blade Runner  than to the gritty  streets of legends past. It's a great story, somehow bearing more repeat  viewings than Tim Burton's films, of which I am a fan. Burton's films are  wonderful in that he is always striving for an idea. In the true sense of  creative film making, it's very hit-miss. This one hits more than it  misses. Here's where it misses: Two-Face- Why do all of Batman's movie  villains have to constantly cackle and babble on and on? Two Face was never  such a character.<br />James Gordon- The single most important element in the  Batman mythos besides Bats himself is once again a distant afterthought,  leaving the Batman a one dimensional entity (Remember, Burton himself did  nothing to help this situation-guess Gordon wasn't grotesque enough to make  the screen time cut).<br />Schumacher's obsession with homoeroticism and male  body parts. It's amazing how much mileage a director can get out of the  penises and rear ends of cartoon characters, or the delight in which he can  take in focusing on them.<br />Despite these flaws, I tend to watch this film  time and time again. It has more than enough to reccommend it. Sadly,  Schumacher would prove to be the death of the series...but don't let that  stop you from enjoying this entry into what was once a very promising  screen franchise.
0441172717|3.0|Frank Herbert's DUNE presents a society and universe created entirely by the author.  The story was very complex, and written wonderfully with just the right amount of discription.  Herbert made up his own religions and forms of politics which are absolutely enchanting.  One of the story's  components was the classic &quot;coming of age&quot; tale.  Paul, heir to a  Dukedom, moves to the world Arrakis, aka Dune, where his father has taken  control.  However, a rival family isn't too happy about the situation.  Thus unfolds a tale of conspiricy and wonder, and Paul is suddenly revealed  as a legendary man foretold.  I especially enjoyed the psychological  accounts of Paul's metamorphis.  However, I really didn't like the person  he became, but I prefer this change.  The book was a tad more political  than sci-fi, and the story becomes rather entangled in itself.  I was very  impressed by the complete world Herbert created, but I found myself not as  absorbed as I perhaps should be.  The ending, the last couple pages, were  rather disappointing, compared with other highlighs of the novel.  There  are many thought-provoking one-liners and symbolism in the book. However, I  am still not absolutely enthralled with it.  Still, I recommend this to any  who enjoy fantasy worlds.
B00000K19E|4.0|When I saw the trailer I immediately wanted to see this movie ... and I wasn't disappointed ! The special effects are so great, and the cast is good !  But the reason why I don't give a 5 stars rate is that I think the  whole idea of the movie has already been seen in Alex Proyas movie  &quot;Dark City&quot;! But still, &quot;The Matrix&quot; is a movie to be  seen !  And I wish there were more films like that !
0767849493|5.0|If there is any &quot;film&quot; I would recommend this year I would have to definatley recommend 'DOGMA'. I have been a long time fan of Kevin Smiths' work and this is one of his finest. (Kudos to him and everyone  accoiated with this fine piece of work.) 'DOGMA' is not a blasphest film,  it is a fanasty and a film on questioning faith itself. I still have no  idea how people could protest to this film. DOGMA opens up aspects to  religion and really makes a fanasty that revolves around faith, and if  people still see it and find it offensive (which I don't how) remember: It  is only a movie! After the controversey of DOGMA Kevin Smith stated: 'I  respect your ways; why can't you do the same for me?' I close on BUY THIS  FILM! (or rent it) and see for yourself at what a excellent film this is.  Snoogians.
B00003CWPR|5.0|From the mishandled promotions on, this is a wonderful, eerie film that was horribly misrepresented as a long sexual orgy. No surprise that people are turned off that the majority of sex in the film is dead, disturbing and  disquieting (As was the intent), and the plot slow and deliberate like most  in-depth character studies. There is so much going on in this movie that I  won't even try to detail it, as undoubtedly there will be theses and  doctorates written about the various topics.<br />As a result, Kubrick has  created a film that would probably fare much better in a classroom than a  wide public release. The painterly use of color and contrasts (reds, blues,  greens, and purples), the symbolism (kitchen table), and juxtapositions all  come together like puzzle pieces to reveal a marriage and a life at  crossroads, finely shown from the first dressing scene, which also firmly  establishes the title of the film as theme. There's not a scene in this  film that, purposely I believe, can't be read in at least two different  ways. Is the ending hopeful? Maybe, maybe not. But the film is finely  crafted, well acted, and masterful.
0767849493|5.0|If there is any &quot;film&quot; I would recommend this year Iwould have to definatley recommend 'DOGMA'. I have been a long timefan of Kevin Smiths' work and this is one of his finest. (Kudos to him and everyone accoiated with this fine piece of work.) 'DOGMA' is not a blasphest film, it is a fanasty and a film on questioning faith itself.  DOGMA opens up aspects to religion and really makes a fanasty that revolves around faith.  After the controversey of DOGMA Kevin Smith stated: 'I respect your ways; why can't you do the same for me?' I close on BUY THIS FILM! (or rent it) and see for yourself at what a excellent film this is.  Snoogians.
B000001XN2|5.0|This live recording is a marvel. Corelli makes by far the best Manrico that we can listen to. He delivers a stupendous high C# at the end of &quot;Di gelozzo amor sprezzato&quot;, and his rendition of &quot;Di quella  pira&quot;, although sang in B, is the most exciting ever. Domingo is  NOTHING compared to him. Leontyne Price is in glorious voice. Her  &quot;Damor sullali rosee&quot; is heart-rending, and the performance  maintains that level all around. Bastianini is tremendously powerful as the  Count, outshining all rivals. Simionato is a marvel, only Barbieri is  better than her. Zaccaria has an enormous voice, and, though he has some  problems in the first scene, the power is always present. On the pit, peak  Karajan. Buy this!
B000023VR9|5.0|The best CD he put out(as long as I can remember: )
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed's c.d., &quot;Human clay&quot;, is a really phat c.d. Besides Blink-182 i would have to say, i listen to them the most out of all of my c.d.'s. The c.d. has a good mix of alot of different types of music styles,  there's the hard-core type music, the more closer to punk, and the more  serious type of music dealing with issues. i would defenitly reconmend this  c.d. to a freind, and if you're not sure whether to buy it, defenitly buy  it!
B000002L42|5.0|Having attended one of the concerts on this tour, in the Columbia River Gorge (check out the photos in the liner), I can say this is a great way to get a taste of that live Steely Dan experience.  The arrangements are  fresh.  &quot;Reelin in the Years&quot; has some tasty horn lines.   &quot;Green Earrings&quot; is better than the studio cut, and Walt + Don  even threw some jazz modulations into &quot;Bodhisattva&quot;.  &quot;Third  World Man&quot;, taken at a slightly slower tempo, induces an almost  hypnotic state, with Peter Erskine sounding great on drums.  My only  complaint is the conspicuous absence of &quot;My Old School&quot; which was  the encore at the show.  It really smoked.  Absent this glaring omission,  the CD is a total pleasure.
0385493622|5.0|How can one simple math problem have such a fascinating history. Well it's not that simple of a math problem as the book latter shows us. But this book makes reading about it easy, and it shows us in the process the  interesting science of mathematics, the history behind Ferments problem and  the incredible stories around some of the people that have worked on it.  You don't have to know anything about math to find this a enjoyable read.
6305165912|5.0|Being a big fan of the Coen brothers, I expect nothing but brilliance from them.  I got everything I hoped for and so much more from The Big Lebowski.  It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  The writing is great,  both the verbal and physical comedy are sidesplittingly funny, and the  characters are really off the wall, but somehow true to life at the same  time.  The acting was perfect, there is not one weak link in the cast.  The  movie looks great, too, with inventive cinematography and great set design  and costumes (the latter two are things I don't normally notice in movies,  but they were so outstanding in this one).  The Dude abides, man.
6304083769|5.0|you have to like this movie. if you dont you are crazy! it rocked. and the anime will blow your mind! trust me!
B000001C6M|5.0|this is by far the best slayer album. it is more raw then REIGN  N BLOOD. I love everysong. they all rule. this makesthem my fav band right now
B000002UAU|4.0|When will someone acknowledge that the enormous popularity of the Beatles and Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band was as much a consequence of opportunity  and demographics as it was musical artistry. The year was 1968  and tens of millions of Baby Boomers (now outnumbering their parents and  grand parents) were teenagers with spending money in their pockets.  Teenagers had been buying rock'n'roll records since Bill Haley and the  Comets released `Rock Around The Clock.' But the 60's decade was different:  never before had there been so many kids with so much cash (economists call  it `disposable income'). Teenagers bought fast cars, fast food and millions  of those black vinyl things.<br />The one commonality of all Baby Boomers was  the War in Vietnam. Teenagers were either waiting to go to Vietnam, in  Vietnam, coming home from Vietnam (perhaps), or doing their damnedest to  stay out of Vietnam. The War was an American invention, and so was  rock'n'roll. Teenagers denounced everything institutional and embraced  anything foreign. The British Invasion, led by the Beatles, was scarcely an  invasion at all: it was a welcoming party given by the Baby Boomers. The  Beatles were at the right place at the right time. Sure Sgt. Pepper was the  art album of the decade, but more importantly it was the Great Escape. One  could understand the assignation of President Kennedy `With A Little Help  From My Friends.' `When I'm Sixty-Four' was an optimistic ditty if your  draft number was 1,000 and they had just called 999. `A Day In The Life'  was an ideal way to reflect on America's greatest (and dead) civil rights  leader - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. If you were unfortunate enough to have  suffered the Tet Offensive, `Lovely Rita' (your girl back in the world) was  the only thing that kept you going. And lastly, `Good Morning Good Morning'  was a sardonic greeting shouted by police during the Democratic National  Convention in Chicago. Sgt. Pepper defined a generation? Nonsense. The  generation defined Sgt. Pepper.
B000002N3N|5.0|Just when I thought Enya couldn't possibly get any better, I found &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;.  &quot;Trees&quot; is Enya's best album, and like &quot;Watermark&quot; and &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot;, each song is  a gem.  No other music conveys beauty, love, joy and peace the way Enya's  does, and &quot;Trees&quot; is no exception.  Enya is a world treasure, and  &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; is a must-have for anyone who loves her  music.
0425132153|5.0|For lovers of modern fantasy, there are two names that are on most people's must-read lists: Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman.    At first glance, there doesn't seem to be much in common with this pair.  Terry Pratchett writes the world-renowned Discworld series, a fantasy epic set on a flat world, which is supported by four elephants, who in turn are standing on a great turtle which swims through the emptiness of space.  What started as a parody of the \\"sword and sandals\\" genre of fantasy, Discworld has become a mirror for our world, taking familiar ideas and giving them a sharp twist.    Neil Gaiman, on the other hand, gained fame with his groundbreaking comic book - sorry, graphic novel - series, Sandman.  Over seventy-five issues, packed with mythological retellings, Shakespearian inspiration, love, Death, family, heartbreak and redemption, Sandman is still considered to be one of the most literary comics of the modern age.     Despite these superficial differences, however, their shared love of a good story makes them perfect for each other.  Like chocolate and peanut butter, steak and eggs,  hydrogen and oxygen, when you put two great things together, you get something that's even better.    This book is about the End of the World.  It begins with a birth, that of the Adversary, Destroyer of Kings, Angel of the Bottomless Pit, Great Beast that is called Dragon, Prince of This World, Father of Lies, Spawn of Satan and Lord of Darkness.    Also known as Adam Young.    With his birth, the inexorable wheels of Revelation begin to turn, the Horsemen start their long ride, and two immortals - a demon named Crowley and an angel named Aziraphael - find themselves in the unenviable position of having to make sure everything works out the way their respective sides want.  Rivers of blood, skies of fire and the scything clean of all life in the world, that kind of thing.    Crowley and Aziraphael, for their parts, really don't want the world to end.  They've been walkingit since it began about 6,000 years ago, and found that they quite like it, for all its flaws and problems.  And despite their innate loyalty to their masters, they'll do their best to try and stop its end.    It's an outstanding book, one of my top five of all time.   Not only is it roaringly funny, with outstanding characters and witty dialogue, but it has the kind of razor-sharp insight into human nature that can only come from Gaiman and Pratchett.   Ostensibly good people act like utter bastards, and people we know to be bad by their very natures end up doing the right thing.  There's no clear-cut line between good and evil here, which is perhaps a lot more realistic than most end-of-the-world stories go.  Also, very few end-of-the-world stories are quite as funny as this one.    Humor can be used for many purposes, but the most noble use of humor is to illuminate truths that we routinely ignore.  When you read this book, you think about God and the Devil and everything in between - namely, us.  What is the purpose of humanity in this benighted world, and what is our responsibility towards it?  These are all questions that the characters have to deal with, and, of course, so do we.    While neither Gaiman nor Pratchett would claim to have an answer to that, they have a great ability to point us towards the question.    As I said, this is one of my top five of all time.  I think I own three copies by now - one that's been read to death, a hardcover edition with that weird M-25 illustration on the front, and a softcover signed by both Neil and Terry.  This is my Precious, and I hope it's buried with me someday.    So, as you may have guessed, I can't recommend this book enough.
6304493738|3.0|Although &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; is one of my favorite movies, the director's / screenwriter's commentary on the DVD is a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. I would never recommend the DVD if you are buying it mainly for this  commentary. The commentary is boring, uninformative, amateur and gives  irrelevant details such as &quot;There's my ring&quot; or &quot;I worked on  the script on the 38th floor of that building in the background.&quot;  After hearing the commentary, I am convinced that the movie's greatness is  due to the experience, brilliance and personal input (changes in the  original script) of the actors. I would have preferred to see some of the  many out-takes rather that be subjected to the drivel contained in the  commentary. Full marks (5 stars) to the actors. Zip to the commentary.
B0000025ZF|4.0|Since buying this album, I've listened through it probably a half dozen times.  And at this point, I still can't decide how much I like the album.  Part of that feeling, contrary to my feelings of other Waters' solo albums,  is that nothing sticks out in the album.  As Radio KAOS and Amused to Death  have specific tracks that I have fallen in love with, nothing specific on  Pros and Cons does that for me.<br />That being said, I think the flow of this  album is extraordinary.  And I believe that's why I can't point out  specific tracks.  This sticks true for Floyd's stuff, IMO.  I don't have  specific songs that stick out on The Wall, Animals, The Final Cut, and Dark  Side.  Those albums, as a whole, are just plain excellent.  Okay, maybe I  am shorting &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, but still.  <br />Floyd is far and  above my favorite band.  And I don't even use drugs!  However, if I was to  come up with a list of my 50 favorite songs, I don't know if any Floyd  track would make the list.  That's what I'm getting at, and that's why I  can't specifically point things out.<br />As a concept album, as a whole, it  is a great album.  First off, I like the concept, which differs from my  feelings about Radio KAOS.  The listener is put through the thought process  of a hitchhiker.  The feelings really cover a full spectrum from joy to  sorrow.  Waters' excels at this.  <br />Contrary to Amused to Death, Waters'  sings on this album.  And does it very well.  Musically, the album is  stronger, as a whole, than Radio KAOS, and probably even better than Amused  to Death.
B00000IOSU|5.0|sarah really does it this time.  the tunes on this album are supurb.  I use it for relaxation as well as times when I just want to chill.
B000002WYT|5.0|I recently bought Crash on a whim, I wasn't really sure what to expect from the band. Don't get me wrong, I've always loved the DMB because of the commercialized songs that are always played on the radio. But once you get  past those songs (great as they are) and on to the others in the album,  it's amazing. The lyrics are some of the best that I've heard recently, and  believe me it's a lot. So go out and buy this cd- you won't regret it.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|I waited a long time to buy this album, a couple months actually. I was worried about the criticism that read &quot;Fiona's grown up,&quot; and it turned out my apprehension was not ill-founded. There are some excellent  songs on this album, especially &quot;I Know&quot;(the only true ballad)  and &quot;Limp&quot; which is a great driving song, the drum solo kicks  (the radio cut, unfortunately, cuts out the second kit). However, many of  the other songs sort of run together. It seems like, perhaps, she is trying  too hard to be innovative and is instead putting herself in a box, unable  to write traditional pop or jazz compositions. I loved Tidal because it  struck a chord, made me feel something. This album, although its lyrics are  once again incredible, felt too strained to let me love it, as much as I  wanted to embrace this record. It is a wonderfully produced and executed  album and I do not doubt her talent as a songwriter, but sometimes you wish  artists wouldn't &quot;grow up&quot; so fast. The media is partly to blame,  critics who write that bare, emotional songs are sophomoric and  unsophisticated.The industry lacks simplicity, and I predict Ms. Apple will  try to find that simplicity again with her next effort.
B000002BFZ|2.0|If you're looking for the Pearl Jam CD to buy first, this isn't it.  This is easily the weakest of their 5 LP's.  None of these songs stand out.  They all seem to be underdeveloped ideas or jams.  There are a few  worthwhile tracks however.  &quot;Off He Goes&quot; is a nice ballad, in  the spirit of the Vitalogy ballads.  &quot;Mankind&quot; is interesting,  but doesn't sound like Pearl Jam - Stone Gossard sings.  &quot;Smile&quot;  also stands out.  It sounds very influenced by Neil Young, which is  probably a decent prediction, as No Code was PJ's first album after  recording Mirrorball with Young.<br />Anyway, PJ neophytes will be well served  to get any other PJ album first, as they are much more focused and  consistent.
B00000JG41|5.0|This is it people. This is everything youve ever wanted to hear. That sound youve been yearning for since the day you discovered how to twist that thing and make it tingle. This cd completes me. From the transcendent  melodies of 'Sweet Charity','Retrovertigo' and 'Pink Cigarette',to the to  the more avant 'Ars Moriendi','Air-conditioned nightmare' and 'Goodbye  Sober Day',&quot;California&quot; is certain to go down as one of the most  original and innovative recordings in history.
B000002BYD|5.0|The best way to describe this album is to call it Vitalogy II.  Before No Code, the general rule was that the more recent the album was, the better the music was.  No Code, however, was awful.  It consists of a bunch of  underdeveloped songs worthy of B-Side status.  Yield proves that No Code  was merely a misstep.  Like Vitalogy, Yield consists of very strong,  melodic songs that grow on you with each listen.  Also like Vitalogy, the  songs are varied.  For every &quot;Do The Evolution&quot;, there is a  &quot;Wishlist.&quot;  Also, the tracks that Pearl Jam haven't released as  singles are strong.  No Way, Pilate, All Those Yesterdays, Brain of J...   They are all great!  If you are looking for your first PJ album, this is a  good place to start.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|This CD is pretty good but not as good as Smash. But like other fans, I am bitter at MTV for turning this group into something old fans hate. Teenybopper Idols. Can't wait until MTV forgets about them and they can go  back to being great. And you teens, freaking cover up! You are not hot! The  band doesn't care about you! You girls are dorks! Bye bye
B000000JO3|5.0|Like everyone else who has reviewed this album, I MUST give it a 5-star rating.  Why?  Because, to my mind, Minor Threat defines punk rock in a way that very few bands ever have...the Sex Pistols and Dead Kennedys being  exceptions to that statement.  Ian MacKaye's vocals are raw and primal,  jamming whole phrases and occasionally entire sentences into two or three  syllables.  His honesty is apparent...even blatent.  The lyrics are  socio-political hardcore punk at its best, and they point us to a place  where the soul of punk rock resides.  Please...I urge any and all members  of the human race to buy this album, or at least listen to it.  And don't  worry about Ian's unique vocal style obscuring the message...a lyric sheet  IS included.
B0000025YL|3.0|Contrary to the glowing reviews below me, this is definitely not a five star album. The band was obviously still trying to find their own sound when they put this out.  For example, one song sounds like ACDC, another  sounds like Iron Maiden, another like Judas Priest.  The good songs are  pretty good though, especially the title cut.  Side two of the album is  nothing special at all.  Get Balls to the Wall if you want vintage Accept-  this is really nothing too special or original.
6305426651|5.0|When I saw this in the theater, I was so emotionally drained that I practically had to be scraped off the floor.  The courtship in the beginning was beautiful and touching -- proving right away that THIS MAN KNOWS HOW TO LOVE.  During the rest of the movie, in the concentration  camp, Begnini's character prooves this again.<br />Some have said that Begnini  made a joke out of the Holocaust by making this movie, and I know some  people that have refused to see it and I think that they are seriously  missing out.  This movie is a true display of the strongest human emotion  (LOVE) from beginning to end.  It was depressing, but incredibly uplifting,  as it shows this amazing man giving all that he has in him to keep his  little boy happy and hopeful.  BTW -- he DEFINITLY deserved the Academy  Awards that he received!<br />THIS MOVIE IS NOT TO BE MISSED.  IT WAS  INCREDIBLE.  YOU WILL THANK ME FOR IT.  I am going to order it the moment  the price drops, and watch it with someone I love and a huge box of  tissues.
B000002IQW|5.0|Skid Row's &quot;Slave to the Grind&quot; is SKID ROW at their best!  On this album the band was clearly working together as a unit, and the styles of the various songs are diverse as the personalities that formed this  incredible band.  Sebastian Bach once again used his impressive voice to  deliver the goods.  Overall, the sound on this album is more aggressive  than SKID ROW'S first effort. At times the lyrics seemed to focus more on  negativity than rebellion.  Still, overall, the album deserves a place in  every collection.  I know it will always be high on the &quot;play  list&quot; in my own collection.  Any fan of Sebastian Bach's vocals will  especially appreciate this album since now, ten years later, they can  listen to his first solo effort and hear him sing six of the songs from  this album again, live, and better than ever.
0783229003|1.0|After receiving a flyer from a fellow college student to go toa Toga Spring Break party, I was curious and FINALLY got to see themovie that all of the other college flicks and fraternities pay homage to.  I know that I am going against the grain here, but this movie was absolutely horrible! This was one of those movies that had to rely on one star to carry the entire feature.  With the exception of Belushi's character, there was very little to actually laugh about, and even fewer characters to care for!  Halfway through it, I had to fast forward through all of the other tired and cheap slapstick until I see Belushi's face just to get some laughs out of this!  Come on guys! &quot;Airplane&quot; was a classic.....&quot;Porky's&quot; was a classic...&quot; THE BLUES BROTHERS&quot; will always be a classic!  But &quot;Animal House&quot; !  This must be a guy thing.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Well, first of all let me tell you why I bought this album. I bought this cd the day it came out just because is from Carlos Santana. All of his cds that I have are pure music, beautifull stuff with real passion. This is cd  was made only for comercial purpose. Seeing Santana with Rob Thomas is like  seeing Clapton (god) with Fred Durzt. Their styles are completely different  and the music doesn't sound the way Santana, the REAL Santana sounds like.  Sorry but this is not the Santana I know, is just some  comercial-MTV-pop-culture ripoff.
B00003652R|5.0|BELIEVE IT OR NOT, SCOTT, I DID READ YOUR MEMBER PAGE BEFORE MY 2ND COMMENT ON HOLIDAY - THAT'S WHEN I WAS SURPRISED THAT YOU WERE A FAN OF FISH, AFTER STATING THAT HOGARTH WAS A FAR BETTER VOCALIST AND SONG WRITER  - I RESPECT YOUR OPINION THAT YOU FEEL HE HAS BETTER RANGE THAN FISH, BUT  IT DIDN'T SEEM TO COME ACROSS THAT WAY WHEN YOU RATED FUGAZI - YOU MADE ME  FEEL FROM YOUR REVIEW THAT FISH WAS PLAIN AWFUL - MY OPINION WILL ALWAYS BE  THAT FISH IS A BETTER VOCALIST THAN HOGARTH, BUT WE ALL HAVE OUR OWN TASTES  IN VOCALISTS AND HOGARTH IS A GOOD VOCALIST - MISPLACED CHILDHOOD SHOWS OFF  THE VOICE OF FISH (A VOICE THAT WAS MARILLION - AND STILL LIVES ON WITH HIS  SOLO MATERIAL) - KAYLEIGH, LAVENDER &amp; CHILDHOOD'S END ARE THE  HIGHLIGHTS ON THIS CD - FISH WOULD BE THE VOCALIST FOR ONLY ONE MORE ALBUM  (CLUTCHING AT STRAWS), AND THEN HOGARTH TAKES OVER FROM THERE. MISPLACED  CHILDHOOD IS A MUST FOR ANY MARILLION COLLECTION
6303184200|1.0|While Godard's classic, breathless, is undeniably one of the greatest films ever made, the version released from the International Film Series is nearly unwatchable.  It is terribly overexposed, washing out much of the picture detail, and making most of the white-on-white subtitles impossible  to read.  In addition, (I am unsure if this is unique to my particular  copy) the video tends to ghost, and in places appears pink with a moving  vertical (this is definately not a tracking problem, rather a glitch with  the copy of the film this tape was recorded from).  I would recommend this  film to anyone, however it might be best to purchase the other version.
B00003XB8K|5.0|This CD is a definate return to the roots of the first album, and all the better for it, going so far as to include snippets from &quot;Mea Culpa&quot;. You would be correct if you guessed that I didn't like Cross  of Changes or Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi! nearly as much as his first  album.<br />Unlike some of the other reviewers, I didn't notice any sort of  true seperation between the tracks, the tracks themselves fit so well in  the order they were arranged.<br />Unfortunately, I haven't had the  opportunity to listen to it constantly for a week, so I can't say if it  wears on the listener (hey, I picked up two astoundingly good CDs that same  day), but my first impression is that this is the kind of CD you could  listen to again and again.
0393314804|5.0|I'd seen the movie, but didn't know if I could bring myself to read the book. I had heard that it was even more graphic than the film, and was unsure of my capabilities to understand the Edinburgh dialect that Welsh  had written the book in. However, after a visit to Glasgow, Scotland, I was  reintroduced to the novel. I nearly bought it while I was there, but  realized that it would not have the glossary that the American edition has.   Upon my return, I immediately bought it, and finished it within days.  The  book is about a group of characters who are all somehow touched by the  heroin culture of Edinburgh. Many are users, some are just friends of  users. All the characters in the book are somehow linked together. They  each tell at least one story through their own eyes. The reader is taken  through a journey, shown the ins and outs of these people's addiction,  attempts to kick the addiction, and their ultimate failures, either through  death, or just through keeping on in their drug use.  The characters are  vivid and their situations are made quite real for the reader. By the end  of the novel I was quite used to the Scottish dialect, and I was rather  attached to the characters. I did not want the story to end. Though it is  graphic at times, and the dialect is a challenge at the start, I definitely  urge everyone to read this harshly entertaining and highly engrossing  novel.
0671042858|3.0|This wasn't the most exciting book I've ever read.  In fact at times (in the middle of the story) it was pretty dull, but it made me feel sorry for this poor little girl, and I wanted to finish it to see how or if she would  ever get out of the woods.  I might have enjoyed it more if I was a  baseball fan, but I'm not.  But, all in all it wasn't bad.
6305750750|5.0|I can't understand why so many people don't like this movie. It's one of my favorite films of Star Wars. The characters will develop more profoundly in the next two films. The special effects are overwelming. I've seen this  movie seven times and every time I see it again there are details I hadn't  seen before. My suggestion to all of you is: look at it as you did at the  other three films.
B00003CXCT|1.0|This movie proves once and for all why sci fi is so overated.Acting is bad mmmkay and Lucas seems unimaginative
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is by far, the most enjoyable cd I have to date.  Kiedis hits the notes so well, and Flea just burns on bass, especially in &quot;Around the World.&quot;  A great cd for anyone's collection.
B000003TAL|5.0|This CD completely sets the Punk/Alternative standards.  I'm astounded at how Thurston and the crew can make that much music.  Rain King is amazing, along with the incredible farewell, Trilogy. If your down with modern  alternative, check their roots by listening to this. I give it a 10 without  thinking twice.
0380715430|3.0|It is a very easy to read book, a layman book. It would be very inspiring for a young kid wondering about language, and needing interesting &quot;facts&quot; to put schoolwork.  However, a more serious reader cannot  avoid noticing little mistakes everywhere... and after reading the other  reviews I know that there are even more mistakes than I tought. Mr. Bryson  must have a very limited knowledge of foreign languages - be it Finnish,  French, Italian... but he mention them as known! Exemples: who says that  RSVP is not used in France?  HA! it is in every formal invitation. Same  for &quot;nom de plume&quot;, or &quot;panache&quot;, while &quot;bon  vivant&quot; are also perfectly current French (I don't know if there was a  previous form as mentioned by Bryson, bon viveur...)(p.74) Or,  &quot;snob&quot; coming from English?  as far as I know, it is a  contraption from the latin words &quot;sine nobilitate&quot;, without  nobility... or is it not? All the same, colonnade coming from Italian  &quot;colonnello&quot;?  I would rather bet from &quot;colonna&quot;  (pillar...), isn't that simpler? or even from the late latin &quot;columna,  ae&quot;.... hmmmm.(p. 122) And who ever heard the Italian word  &quot;schiacchenze&quot;?  maybe it is dialect? (p.183) Unfortunately,  finding a few inaccuracies (in+accurate, in- here expressing negation)  makes one doubt (with a b) the rest.
B000002B7Y|5.0|People always trash this cd because it's not as musically deep or something as blizzard and madman, but the fact is, if you want to just crank the music and rock your heart out, no Ozzy album fits the bill  better.  Definately Ozzy's most consistent album.
0141301155|5.0|This is one of my favorite books by Dahl. It is about a very poor boy who wins a trip inside the famous Willy Wonka's chocholate factory. You will love the adventure and marvelous things that he finds. This is a good book.
B000006045|5.0|The best album of Massive Attack, better than Blue Lines. Please, feel &quot;Black Milk&quot;...
0782008399|4.0|Bound is one of those nouveau film noir's where it is difficult to see what is going to happen next. The twists and turns of the plot are really excellent and they are engrossing. Best of all is that the characters  behave realistically and Joe Pantoliano, as Tilly's sleezy boyfriend, is  marvellously adaptable to his rapidly changing situation. Jennifer Tilly is  very hot in her black stockings, high heels and miniskirts-definitely a  real turn on for any lipstick lesbian (or male for that matter). Her  seduction of Corky is very arousing (or is it Corky's seduction of her?).  Even if you discount the heroines' interesting relationship, this is a  gripping very well done film and highly recommended.
B000031XCR|5.0|Once again, Celine proves to all her fans just how great she is! The music past and present is great and you don't only find yourself singign along with her, but you begin to feel the emotions which she conveys so well.   This album is a MUST for any Celine fan. It's got a great selection of  songs and there's something to cater for everyone's taste.
B000002L7G|4.0|Dire Straits ( DS ), led by Mark Knopfler ( MK ) guitarist/songwriter ( and er...singer ),  is one of the most quality-oriented groups from UK in the last 02 decades.<br />Substantial, meaningful lyrics. Beautiful melodies.  Country Flava. Outstanding guitar riffs and rhythms. Unique sounds of  vocals ( that only can be best applicable to Dire Straits' numbers: ( if  you dare ) imagine  MK sing a cappella version of AMAZING GRACE, then you  know what i mean ). These are what you will find from this wonderful  album.<br />Whether romance-oriented or social awareness, that the lyrics to  each song were written in well plot-driven purposes, when being summed up  with the rest of the elements, makes this album so hard for almost everyone  to easily dispose after  having listened to it once or twice.<br />THIS IS THE  ONE FOR KEEPS......<br />For those who fancy chart hits, you can always enjoy  the three-week no. 01 like Money for Nothing ( which consequently caused  Kool &amp; The Gang' s Cherish to have peaked itself at no. 02 ), the  sarcastic words plus intentionally irritating yet amazingly wonderful  vocals by MK and his in-your-face, straightforward, powerful yet beautiful  sounds of guitar riffs throughout this number. Also, you will find it hard  to resist dancing to no. 07 hit like Walk of Life with the boogie-country  flava. If needs have not yet been fulfilled, select Your Latest Trick, the  heartfelt ballad with sweet, catchy sax solo that will easily melt down and  take away your heart if you don' t grab hold on it.<br />For those who are  also looking for foods for thoughts, Brother in Arms, The Man's Too Strong,  One World, Ride across The River and, of course, Why Worry will do you for  sure.<br />Because Mark Knopfler is a guitarist as well as the centre of the  band, it is inevitable not to have his trademark guitar tricks, riffs and  rhythms as the hero of the album. So for those who especially enjoy the  sounds of guitar, you will find this album much more fun to listen  to.<br />Grammy Nomination for Best Album. Multi-platinum status. Brothers in  Arms is definitely the most successful album , especially on the commercial  side, by Dire Straits. <br />For those who have never listened to any of Dire  Straits' albums before, Brothers in Arms should be a very good start since  this album is the most US chart-friendly with several catchy tunes herein.  <br />Buy it, some, if not all, songs will make it worth your while.<br />By the  way, the album cover is one of the coolest too.<br />As usual, have a nice day  of listening without prejudice. # Shin Handsome P. Michael #
0684874350|5.0|At first I had absolutely no interest in reading a book about someones hard life in Ireland, even if it was a #1 NY times best seller.  There is a lovely Irish woman I ride the bus to work with every day, and we talk for  very nearly the whole hour of our ride into work.  This woman is in her  early 60's.  The movie ANGELAS ASHES was about to come out and she  mentioned that she read the book three times and cried all 3 times because  the book was exactly her life in County Kerry.  Every page that she read  brought back memories.  The extreme poverty, going without shoes all the  time, the meanness of the teachers, and a father that drank at every  opportunity.  She told me that if I want to know what her childhood was  like in Ireland just read ANGELAS ASHES.  After talking with her I became  more than curious and intrigued.  The first page of the book is very  powerful and sets the stage for the rest of the book.  I could not put it  down.  Who the hell cares about the run on sentences &amp; lack of  punctuation.  I was so engrossed that I didn't even notice any of that.   Some of the best books I've ever read were written in plain language.  No  fancy, its obvious I've got my PhD jive.  Frank McCourt still manages to  pull the reader into his story &amp; draw emotions.  At least that is what  Frank McCourt did with me. Once you are finished reading the book you  continue to think about it long afterwards.  I am a member of an  African-American book club and I put ANGELAS ASHES on the list of books for  the other members to read &amp; for us to discuss.  I am so glad that I  read this book and can't wait to see the movie.  This book &amp; Frank  McCourt will long be remembered and talked about.
0767020308|5.0|Forget if you can, Gwynneth Paltrow's worthy but stiff Emma, which was so marred by the supporting cast. This is a supberb adaptation of Jane Austen's book, convincing in it period detail, and utterly charming.  Every  character is, somehow, as one would like to imagine them.  Kate Beckinsale  makes Emma convincing in her follies, and utterly warm and attractive, as  she ought to be.  There is a particularly brilliant performance from Mark  Strong, who makes the moralizing Mr. Knightly smoulder.  In supporting  roles, Bernard Hepton as Emma's self-absorbed hypochondriac father turns in  a finely tuned performance that is never caricature; and, equally, Prunella  Scales as Miss Bates maintains great dignity in her comic turn.  Beyond the  excellent performances, this is lovely to look at.  Even if you are not a  &quot;Jane-ite&quot;, try this.
B000007SIN|5.0|I'll have to take issue with the previous review written by Greg Ulbrich. Greg called me at work to tell me how taken aback he was by the results of this new remastering of &quot;Gaucho&quot; (which is just about my favorite  Steely Dan effort). So I thought, &quot;How bad could it be? &quot; After  work I went home, and we listened to it together. Sorry to disagree,  sweetheart, but this CD is totally BOSS. Sure, the bass is a little pumped  up, but if you have the equipment to play this little baby, you can adjust  it to your heart's content. As for the relegation of the backing vocals to  the rear channels, I'll admit it was a bit disorienting at first, but we're  so used to simple stereo that any recording in this format is likely to be  a little jarring. THIS IS THE FUTURE OF RECORDED MUSIC. Get used to it! Oh,  how I love &quot;Gaucho.&quot; &quot;The Glamour Profession&quot; has got  to be one of the coolest, slickest tracks of all time. Greg, I'll bet  you'll be giving this recording FIVE STARS a year from now!
B00000K0EA|5.0|Tomorrow Never Dies, my favorite Bond film, certainly was NOT the worst. Even if you hated this film, it was not a horrible film, unlike other people are saying. This film is definitely worth buying on DVD, for a few  reasons: 1. The Isolated Music Tracks by David Arnold, which is a special  mode allowing you to watch the movie and hear only the musical score, is  wonderful. 2. The commentarys are very informative and funny. 3. The story  is outstanding. Actually, to be more precise, it is THE MOST REALISTIC BOND  FILM STORY TO DATE. A media mogul trying to up the ratings within his  orginization by starting a war is extremely possible right now - so don't  knock the story. 4. Goldeneye's music was horrible, by the way. You'll be  in awe at the incredable score in TND.  5. It may just be an action film,  but it's edge-of-your-seat action. And when Bond (Pierce Brosnan) beds  Paris Carver (Teri Hatcher), which is the villain, Elliot Carver's  (Jonathan Pryce) wife, he actually does it out of love. For once, Bond  meets a previous love that he reunites with again and finds passion that  you don't get from a pretty random Bond girl. Lastly, the Stealth Boat  sequence is very satisfying as a final area - especially the final showdown  with Carver and Stamper. <br />And don't say you can't stomach Bond's final  fight sequence with Stamper - you can. It's intense and very  adrenaline-pumping. Perfect!<br />This DVD is very much worth buying!
B000002JSJ|5.0|I met this album in 1978.  It was a shock. Until today, I bought and enjoyed many excellent rock albums/musics but none of them gave me greater impression.  Like ``exile on main street'' or ``Sgt. Peppers'..'', this is  a classic.<br />I believe this album is underrated.  It is true, this album is  not rich in variety nor well balanced compared to preceding albums.  Robert  was not in his best condition and contributions of JPJ were restricted to  his bass guitar part. But the energy and tension which we can feel from  this album are extra-ordinary level and you can find funky grooves  everywhere in this album.  This funky beat is one of secrets of Led  Zeppelin that distinguish the band from other many ``hard rock/heavy  metal'' bands at that time.
B000002KCI|5.0|I fully agree with that other Neil's fan who rates this record as his best after On the Beach, which is the definite musical masterpiece of all times, in my humble opinion (&quot;world is turning... hope it don't turn  away...&quot;). But let's talk about Zuma, a record which showed Neil as a  great guitar player, like never before. Cortez the killer is the best way  to realise that Neil is not just your average country/folk singer, as most  of his superficial fans think! I encourage anyone who never listened to  this record to buy it straight away, it is still as good as if it had been  recorded yesterday, and it will make you understand where most of today's  rock music comes from! Danger bird is just another marvellous piece of  guitar playing, while &quot;pardon my heart&quot; is one of his best  ballads. Well, I guess it's enough to make you want to buy it!
0060179872|5.0|I have been a serious Marilyn collector for Years.Donald Spoto's book is the closest thing to finding the &quot;real&quot; Marilyn.He tells it like it was.I have long been sick with all the bull that's been written about Marilyn. Here the ending makes sense.Donald Spoto researched unbelievable  amount of material,including Marilyn's spychiatrist's private papers.This  book is very accurate as i have many, many pictures collaborating this  biography.Don't waste your time with the outrageous claims of socalled  Marilyn friends. The worst of them being that Robert Slatzer!  I have  THOUSANDS of Marilyn Pictures and he is only in 2 of them.And they look  like tourist photographs, taking at Niagara Falls in '52. In all my  books,NOBODY close in her Life EVER mentioned this man.I think the guy is  full of .... myself.Get this BOOK! <br />PS: I have a complaint about the  review from &quot;READER FROM USA&quot; on January 8, 1999 - Get a  grip! It is people like you that keep this rediculous stuff about murder  going. Reading your review i realized u don't know what u are talking  about.&quot;Donald Spoto just adds his own facts?&quot;, excuse me but did  u see the amount of material this guy was into? AND THERE'S NEVER BEEN ONE  IODA OF PROOF OF MURDER BY ANYBODY.
B00000IPAX|1.0|Oh my god i am a big poser teeny bopper and i just love mark hoppus he is soooo hot. i also love whats my age again and all the small things just because i watch mtv...NOT!  Come on but everyone who is a true fan knows  they sold out and that their oldest cds dude ranch, cheshire cat, and  buddha were sooo much better than this. I bet the people who like blink  from mtv have never even heard of buddha and cheshire cat. Now just because  i am upset about this album doesnt mean blink is one of the best bands but  there are posers who like this cd for 2 songs. peace out.
0195117298|4.0|There are currently several books dealing with new theories in physics, they are fascinating but I found the \\"End of Time\\" a bit disappointing after all the newspaper hype. What I want in a book of this type are three  things, firstly to be educated on the general theoretical background,  entertainingly presented the history of the subject up to the present day,  secondly the author must, as succinctly as possible, explain their theory;  show where it supports and where it overturns conventional ideas. Finally  the books must present conclusions, sketch out the likely impact of the new  concept. The \\"End of Time\\" devotes many pages to arguments in favour of the  author's thesis, in a way that will bore the general reader but is unlikely  to convince the physicist. Near the end of the book my feeling was ok ok  you win, just tell me the implications, but that's the problem, the author  refuses to speculate, possibly on the spurious grounds that predictions are  impossible in a world without time. In summary a long, confusing and  eventually a frustrating read. If you want to see how a book of this type  should be handled read the unbelievably good \\"The Inflationary Universe\\" by  Alan H. Guth.
B00003CWRX|5.0|&quot;The Insider&quot; was one of the finest films of last year and certainly the finest film nominated for best picture. What I think it demonstrates to a greater degree that any film in recent years is what  courage really is. In the modern world survival is no longer predicated on  physical prowess: the willingness to defend or advance physically to  maintain ones community or ones principals. We live in a world of laws,  language and economics. Survival is all but assured by abiding by or  submitting to the status norms and powers that be. Go along and get  along.<br />What this film presents are two modern heroes that display MODERN  courage in challenging pernicious power structures. They put everything  they have at risk for higher principals.<br />It is an epic in the truest  sense. Many have complained that it distorted or combined certain facts and  characters, but that is in no way irreconcilable with what a film aspires  to as opposed to what journalism should aspire to. Crowe and Pacino are  demonstrating modern courage in epic theater form---not the precise details  of how these men took on a tobacco company and CBS. Regardless, the facts  that Brown &amp; Williamson lied to the public and altered it's deadly  product to hook it's consumers, and that 60 Minutes balked at presenting  the original story for craven financial reasons, is undisputed.<br />Most  people today are cowards. They don't get involved and they won't take a  stand for principals more important than their personal security. <br />Most  people never get to the grass by the water, as Wigand and Bergman do. Fewer  still have the courage to press on. They do. They took on those that had  lied and killed with impunity. They risked their security for something  greater than themselves. They were modern heroes.
0517548232|3.0|Henry Hazlitt happens to be right. Perhaps with so few of this kind -- economic works which are logical and correct -- I should have given it 5 Stars. I expect a lot.<br /><br />Henry is right: Too often so-called \\"economists\\" take only short term,  one-sided, special interest group viewpoints and come up with half-baked  economic plans and plots. Enough people accept these, allowing such ideas to become everyday government practice; practices that frankly screw us all in the long run. From the idiocy of Keynes to the ideas behind the  communistic thievery of FDR's \\"New Deal\\", Hazlitt cuts through and clarifies many false economic concepts. Hazlitt explains and demonstrates again and again how real economics is the science of the effects of any financial practice on everything and everyone. He also  points out conceptually how similarly a country's government's economic decisions and preferences mimic the values and choices of one's own pocketbook. And Henry offers a very nice reprise of Bastiat's the seen versus the unseen.<br /><br />Unfortunately, Hazlitt suffers from one of the same problems Ayn Rand did. Since this book was first published during Rand's writing of  Atlas Shrugged, I suspect Economics in One Lesson may have had a large effect on both style and content of Atlas. Both authors had to fight so long and so hard for their ideas, with so little appreciation they often resorted to  sarcasm just to make a little mental space for themselves. This puts a  strain on the reader, as one attempts to understand, integrate and connect  up the longer chain of events and results of various economic practices undertaken by governments and the people they represent.<br /><br />Also, though his points are excellent, he often leaves certain links in the chain vague, expecting the reader to just get it--when crossing those bridges on one's own requires some serious backtracking and analysis.<br /><br />Regardless, his ideas are so important, and once one gets to them,so well made, I  wish Henry could have written a simpler, more direct, less sarcastic, less complaining, less wordy, better-linked version of this very good work.<br /><br />Nevertheless, if I were able to speak with Henry, I would say:  \\"Thank you.\\"
B00003CXAY|5.0|I saw this in a theater. The contrast between the naturalistic scenes and the jumbled mess of urban life, coupled to a fantastic score by Philip Glass, gives the viewer a new way of looking at the world around him. It's  captivating and not easily forgotten.<br />For a really powerful experience,  watch the movie and then play the sound track while driving through  traffic.
0792843835|3.0|This film presents an interesting relationship between two women from opposite ends of the world. The people are stereotyped, however, contain the necessary quirks to make them real. Highlighting the German's taste in  coffee was an interesting touch. The haunting soundtrack and distinct  visual style add to the mood presented by the script. Certainly keeps one  thinking
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Agree with his message or not you have to admit Zach De La Rocha puts the power in his songs.  This CD has well written songs but some songs have annoying sounds in the background.  Zach De La Rocha should concentrate on  his message like on the songs &quot;Guerilla Radio&quot;, &quot;Born of A  Broken Man&quot;, and Calm Like A Bomb&quot;.  In all it's a great album  and I look forward to many more.  Lights out....Guerilla radio
B000002BE9|5.0|I would just ike to star off by saying that I AM and fellow &quot;Ear with Feet&quot;, and I have been in love with this album since the day that it was released. There is no reason for people to make unfair, harsh,  comparisons to Tori. I am a huge, I mean HUGE, Tori fan, and I just don't  see any common thread to compare Fiona with Tori. Sure, they both play  piano, but their styles are so different. Tori has a very classical  piano-playing style that is the result of playing piano since she could  crawl. She also studied piano at the prestigious Peabody Institute, where  she was the youngest student ever accepted. Fiona, on the other hand, is a  self-taught piano-player. Fiona grew up as a major jazz fan, and taught  herself piano by reading the songbooks of such famous jazz songstresses as  Etta James and Billy Holiday. Their influences are far more relevant than  that of Tori. In fact, when Tidal was first released, it was filed under  the catagory Jazz, a catagory in which Tori most definately wouldn't be  placed in (well, maybe &quot;In the Springtime of his Voodoo&quot;, but  that's another story). To make a long story short, Tori and Fiona are two  very talented singer-songwriters who make music so different, they  shouldn't even be compared. Tidal and When the Pawn... are two very strong  recordings that are sure to stand the test of time, just like all of Tori's  masterpieces. So to all of you ears with feet just like me, it's ok to like  Fiona! I doubt that Tori would be angery! In fact, dosen't Tori tell us to  be more accepting of others? Now if you want something to dissect and  criticize, then look no further than Christianity... oops! That, too, is  another story! Thanks for reading my review. I hope that I have helped in  some small way to define the Tori/Fiona barrier. <br />Long live Tori and  Fiona!
0451163486|5.0|This is a great tale of espionage and mystery.  While reading this book, I sometimes forgot it was fiction.  This is due to the realism and research that Ken Follett put into this book.  I give this book an A+ and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys war thrillers.
0393317552|3.0|Overall, Mr. Diamond offers an interesting and compelling argument as to why different societies and cultures developped differently.  His argument was clear, and the book made for easy reading.  For people who have little  knowledge of this subject and who, in light of recent attention to the  matter (e.g. The Bell Curve, Origins of Race), want to learn more, this  book would be a good starting place.  My only reservation in recommending  this book is that it is not a book for an advanced student.  Having good  basic knowledge of history and anthropology, I found much of the book to be  too elementary and very repetitive.  My mother, however, who had little  knowledge of the subject, loved the book.  My basic recommendation:  if you  don't know much about the development of human races and cultures, this  book provides an easy-to-understand introduction to the subject.  If,  however, you are looking for a ground-breaking, paradigm-shifting  scientific tract, this is probably not the book for you.
B00003CWPR|4.0|It is obvious from the reviews that have been posted in this section that many people did not enjoy Stanley Kubrick's &quot;Eye's Wide Shut&quot;. Although I tended to agree that parts of the movie were drawn out I must  say that I think the movie is misunderstood in it's meaning and  depth.Ithink everyone needs to see this movie again and make another  decision about it.
B00000IONU|5.0|One guitar.  A set of drums.  An occasional organ.  For a boy who dislikes the blues and has a hard time swallowing much garage, it takes a damn potent symbiosis of the two to make me hit play more than once.  But take  the finest moments of Thee Headcoats and meld them with a Led Zep bluster  and you get this urgent swath of yowling blues-rock tunes.  They can slow  it down like &quot;Do&quot; or kick out the jams like &quot;Stop Breaking  Down&quot; or even angle for a little pity like &quot;The Big Three Killed  My Baby.&quot;
B000001EC1|5.0|IF YOU LIKE JON BON JOVI THEN THIS IS THE ALBUM FOR YOU IT HAS A MIXTURE OF SOFT ROCK AND BALLADS WHICH WILL SUIT EVERY BODY.<br />IF YOU BUY ONE BON  JOVI ALBUM MAKE IT THIS ONE.
0679731725|5.0|I'm not quite sure which book the previous reader read, but in my mind Ishiguro's novel is one of the finest works of contemporary literature.  The unreliable first person narration is at turns comedic and tragic, and  by the novel's end your stomach will turn with emotion.  Truly captivating.
0553269631|4.0|One critisism of this book states that it might not be ideal high school reading.  I am a junior in high school.  This book is a discription of loneliness and disappointment, which I believe young people understand but  do not wish to accept. It is a staggering blow to idealism.  Nevertheless,  it is very well written and I cannot fault its honesty.
0792139771|5.0|First off - this movie is superb. Absolutely phenomenal. I watched it again last night when I only had an hour to spare and ended up watching the whole thing. It's like a well written book that you can't put down until  you get to the end. Now - on to the title of this review: Nearly every  review which gives this movie less than five stars mentions historical  inaccuracies as the reason for the lower score.  Now, I'm not an expert on  William Wallace or anyone else who was living in Scotland in the 13th  century, but I do know that I wasn't watching this on the history channel.  I was on a movie channel - it's a movie! Braveheart doesn't claim to be  (and shouldn't be) a historically accurate representation of the life and  times of William Wallace. It's a passionate love story about a pacifist who  becomes a warrior because he can no longer accept the tyranny of the  Britains. (And for you British folk who are tweaked by this - get over it.  It's just a movie and &quot;strange women, lying in ponds, distributing  swords, is no basis for a system of government&quot; anyway). Bottom line:  This is a really really really good movie and you should buy it instead of  renting it because it'll save you money in the long run - but wait for the  DVD because VHS will wear out too fast.
B000001EC1|5.0|IF YOU LIKE JON BON JOVI THEN THIS IS THE ALBUM FOR YOU IT HAS A MIXTURE OF SOFT ROCK AND BALLADS WHICH WILL SUIT EVERY BODY.<br />IF YOU BUY ONE BON JOVI ALBUM MAKE IT THIS ONE.
0440539811|5.0|It amazes me how people can claim that Gravity's Rainbow is a great piece of literature (which it is), yet refuse to appreciate Wilson and Shea's magnum opus. The worth of the novel lies in its manipulation of the  reader's perception, and its employment of real (and fictionalized)  references to literally create whole new universes and methods of viewing  reality. It was this book that led me to other works by Wilson, which then  led me to read literature on subjects ranging from quantum physics to mass  psychology. Wilson in general, and The Illuminatus! Trilogy in particular,  are in and of themselves singular methods of expanding one's mind. Sure, in  order to understand the book you have to read it three or four times, but  it beats the hell out of watching t.v.
0792841050|5.0|Sergeant York is one of the great films of all time. Justly heralded for the performances -- especially the superb Gary Cooper -- and writing, direction, Max Steiner's score, etc. What isn't often mentioned is how  bittersweet is the ending. Prior to going to war, Alvin York had been too  poor to purchase a piece of bottom land for farming. Called to war, he  resisted. He was a pacifist, against killing. However, in a stunning scene  on a mountain ledge, York finally agrees to fight the German enemy. He  single-handedly captures 132 prisoners, and kills dozens of others. For  this, he is hailed a hero and becomes America's most-decoarated WW I  soldier. And finally gets his bottom land. However, he has only earned this  bottom land because he went against his pacifist beliefs -- &quot;thou  shall not kill&quot;. The land is given to him for the very act of killing.  How ironic and bittersweet. How apt is Cooper's closing line: &quot;The  Lord sure does move in mysterious ways.&quot; Don't miss this film.
0451450523|5.0|Very few books combine grace, thought, and metaphor so beautifully as Peter Beagle's classic novel, &quot;The Last Unicorn.&quot;  His use of language is supurb, his plot line delicate and deep, his characterization  poignant and humorous all at once.  Certainly, one should class &quot;The  Last Unicorn&quot; among those works, such as &quot;The Prophet,&quot; that  brush spirituality and show the merest achingly beautiful glimpse of the  shrouded divine.  <br />While rereading this tale, laughing over remembered  lines and shuddering at the phantastical scenes, I was frequently caught up  with surprise at his light strokes of humanity - the reactions to lovliness  personified in the Unicorn, the question of reality and legend, the true  nature of joy and suffering - which I had missed when I had read the  &quot;pretty tale&quot; years ago as a child.<br />Is it too euphorically  hyperbolic to declare that &quot;The Last Unicorn&quot; can only be  appreciated by those who long for the beauty, purity and grace the unicorn  represents to be once more present in the world?  Is it too ridiculous to  declare that those who wallow in the dreariness of the seeming day-to-day  may not appreciate this novel, while those who have read this book, and the  &quot;Chronicals of Narnia,&quot; and all those tales that proclaim the  True the Good and the Beautiful as more real than what we see about us will  marvel at Beagle's tale?<br />I hope not - for I should like to think that the  divine spark Beagle has given us in &quot;The Last Unicorn&quot; is as  vital to those who prefer Hemmingway as to those who dwell with hobbits.
B000002HMH|2.0|Do', It took Metallica five years to make a follower to the blasting black album, and they came back with short hair and sold out. Load features few good songs, but the majority of the album follows the same rule Kid Rock  and Shania Twain are going by: the more variety in styles, the bigger  sales. Still, can you blame them? It must be damn hard to make a follower  to album that has sold over 10 million(! ) copies in the States only.
B000002UDB|4.0|Where Pepper has been labeled a psychedelic album,MMT shows a more detailed picture of The Beatles foray in this genre.Where the British version was a two EP set(?)of the soundtrack music,the US version expanded  it to an album that included the non-album singles from '67(Strawberry  Fields Forever/Penny Lane,All You Need Is Love/Baby,You're A Rich Man &amp;  Hello,Goodbye).The best songs from the film are the now standard Fool On  The Hill,as well as the brilliant I Am The Walrus.Your Mother Should Know  has a certain charm that even made the final scene in that terrible movie a  welcome relief.Even for those who didn't see MMT(or who did and regrets  it)the music in the end always conjures up a vivid picture of The Beatles  psychedelic period.
0440224764|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading John Grisham's The Partner.  The novel kept me on my toes keeping up with the numerous characters and the double lives.  Patrick Lanigan is supposedly dead, but his former law firm partners know  differently.  After finally tracking him down in Brazil, the lawyers are  still unable to find the missing 90 million dollars.  It seems he has just  stopped worrying about being found when the lawyers discover him.  Grueling  questioning and long trials followed Lanigan's return to Mississippi and  more would soon be revealed than was known.  The novel contained lots of  action, moving from country to country and never quite knowing the entire  truth.  It seemed that everyone was out to get everyone else.  Lanigan was  a smart man.  His plan of escape seemed brilliantly perfect and he managed  to keep the FEDs and his law partners away for quite a while.  He took on a  completely new identity, changing his name, his face, his skin color, his  home, his language, and spreading his fortune out greatly.  This was  nothing but an action packed, well written novel.  Grisham definitely  scored big with this one.  It is well worth reading and rereading.
0671015206|1.0|The content of this book would fit on a single page.  The authors (I can't believe it took 2 monkeys to churn out this garbage) simply chose to repeat that 1 page about 250 times.  I gave up after they told me for the 100th  time (page 100) that the key to becoming wealthy is living well below your  means. The authors' examples refer to only 2 types of Americans:  their  typical PAW (Prodigious Accumulator of Wealth), who has ammassed a great  deal of  wealth by living in a tin shed, eating smack-ramen, and driving a  1982 Ford Escort, and the typical UAW (Under Accumulator of Wealth) who  makes $100K/year, lives in a beach-front house, spends $100/day on fine  dining, and leases a brand new Mercedes every year.  How about some middle  ground?  Sure, both types exist, but apparently the authors' extensive  research didn't gleen that fact that a vast majority of Americans are  somewhere between these 2 types.<br />As far as solid financial reasoning and  advice are concerned - forget it.  This book has neither.  And some of  their formulas - the UAW/PAW indicator in particular - simply do not work  for people in their 20's and early 30's.  Of course they don't bother to  tell the reader that, but then again, they probably don't realize that  themselves.<br />Actually, I think the real key to becoming wealthy is writing  a terrible book, and then suckering a million or so people into buying it.   Sorry to say I was one of them.  Hope I can save you from the same.<br />This  book should come with a free hat, or at least a full refund if you can read  the whole thing.
B000002KB8|4.0|Occultisitic, maybe even satanic. So what- it's great music after all. Black Sabbath started their career with this gloomy release. Listen to the title song, a perfect example of creating emotions and atmospheres with  music. Same clould be said about &quot;the Wizard&quot;, wich offers a damn  catchy harmonica riff. &quot;Evil Woman&quot; would fit perfectly on a Deep  Purple album. &quot;N.I.B.&quot;, featuring another brilliant riff. But  still, while the first five songs offer the top quality  &quot;Sabbies&quot;, the rest of the album suffers form too much jamming,  sounding little unsensible , and, sad to say, boring. For example,  &quot;The Warning&quot; begins promissingly, but ends up being twice too  long to catch my admiration. Nevertheless, this is a very convincing album,  and a start to it all. Enjoy.
B000000W5B|3.0|The Stones notorious excess takes it's toll on GHS,and the songs as well as the musicianship suffer as well.The album sounds a bit lazy and winded as well as some songs being  sub-par.Only Angie and the underrated Doo Doo  Doo(Heartbreaker)stand out as well as Kieth Richard's lament Coming Down  Again.Star Star is all hustle and half muscle.Coming after Exile on Main  St,it seemed worse than many made it to be,but GHS, though coming out a  haze of excess would set the tone for future releases to come.
B0000009SI|4.0|Well, Zappa made Apostrophe(') a year after the magnificient Over Nite Sensation. This album contionues on the same tracks as O.N.S., offering  many amazing stories. But still, it ins't as dynamic and genious as  Over-Nite Sensation. The songs aren't as powerful and innovative. But  still, a very, very good effort.
B000002UB3|5.0|If any album could be labeled a glorious swan song,Abbey Road wins hands down.Consciencly knowing the end was near and not wanting the aborted Get Back(later to be retitled Let It Be) to be their epitath,Abbey Road is The  Beatles going out in style.Although the atmosphere was the same as the the  white album and Get Back recording sessions,the group bit the bullet and  played as a well oiled unit.Though still writing  songs outside the  group,they displayed each writer at the top of their game.John's Come  Together and I Want You(she's so heavy) are the best individual tracks on  the album as well as George's Something and Here Comes The Sun,showing him  rising in the ranks of the songwriting pool.Paul on the other hand is the  one responsible for the medley production of the latter half of the  album.Because displays the sweet vocal harmonies thats crops up all over  the album thats been buried on previous albums.Ringo's self composed  Octopus's Garden,although a re-write of Yellow Submarine,is cute and  whimsical.Although it would take a half of year for the group to  disband,they topped off their rich musical legacy with this class act of an  album.
B000000WCA|3.0|Spice Girls aren't among my faves, but this album still stands as a very convincing piece of music.  Back-to-back hits at the beginning of the album show why they are so popular. They &quot;Wannabe&quot; huge.
B00000DMJF|5.0|Though the sound of the new 30th anniversery edition is the same as the '87 CD edition,at least EMI did away with the shoddy tracking(Bungalo Bill's Spanish guitar on the tail end of Wild Honey Pie's track as well as  other anomilies).As an album itself,the white album is probably the most  brilliant yet bewieldering album ever.You get great music by  Lennon,McCartney,Harrison &amp; Starr,but not The Beatles.By 1968,group  unity was virtually non-existant.Each member worked on their own  tracks(sometimes Paul would play,as well as overdub his own music without  the rest),while the others only functioned as session players.The music  however isn't without merit.From Back In The USSR all the way through  Goodnight, the album has a diverse,yet chaotic appeal that would be  disasterous in anyone elses hands.The album goes from rock(Helter  Skelter,Yer Blues,While My Guitar..,Everybodys Got Something To Hide..)to  pastoral(Dear Prudence,Mother Natures Son,Blackbird)personal(Julia,I'm So  Tired,Sexy Sadie)to even whimsy(Obla-Di,Obla-Da,Martha My  Dear,Piggies,Birthday)with an ease that only The Smashing Pumpkins Mellon  Collie.. has ever come close to achieving.Even though Anthology 3's white  album out-takes show the tension between the group wasn't on tape,the real  tensions were ahead.And although an ironically titles album,it paves the  way towards their 70's solo albums.
B000002J09|5.0|Words alone cannot do justice to this album, but I'll give it a ago.<br />The first time I heard &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot; was when I was 4 or 5 years old in the mid 1970s.  I was amazed at the sound out it;  the sound  of those guitars, the sound of Bonham coming in halfway through the song,  the sound and power of Jimmy Pages greatest guitar solo.  It is truly a  watershed moment because there aren't too many songs in the modern age that  can elicit such a response from an audience.  It is overplayed, but who  cares?  &quot;Stairway&quot; showed once and for all Led Zeppelin wasn't  going to be all about heavy, plodding riffs, and will perhaps go down as  their greatest song.<br />However, if one is into that, this album doesn't  disappoint.  &quot;Black Dog&quot; and &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot;  certainly finds the band raging on all four cylinders.  &quot;Misty  Mountain Hop&quot; is a fine song which features a nice, harmonized Page  guitar lead and John Paul Jones' electric piano playing.  &quot;Rock and  Roll&quot; is also featured on this album, featuring Bonhams famous cymbal  intro which is deceptively hard to do.  &quot;The Battle of Evermore&quot;  and &quot;Going to California&quot; pick up where side 2 of &quot;Led  Zeppelin III&quot; left off.  Page and Jones' acoustic playing, whether it  is on mandolin or guitar, is beautiful and never seems to get the credit it  deserves.  &quot;Battle&quot;, especially, is one of Zeppelins more  haunting pieces thanks to the Robert Plant/Sandy Denny duet.  &quot;Four  Sticks&quot; is a piece that Page remains quite fond of because of its  complex guitar orchestration in the chorus and bridge.  The time changes in  this song are fairly brutal.<br />The problem with this album is it is  overplayed by American DJs, and this strips the majesty and novelty from  it.  That aside, along with &quot;Physical Graffiti&quot;, this is Led  Zeppelin best.
B00000JZIQ|4.0|Having seen the movie many times as a teenager in England in the sixties and having reviewed the video in the nineties,i do feel the movie does not make an easy trasition throgh the years.Modern viewers via the smaller  screen may find the spli screening offputting although this worked well  with a number of films in the sixties,it along with the fashions of the day  now seem dated.However the story line and the excellent plot to rob the  bank are excellent and timeless and Mcqueen's acting is marvellous as is  Dunaway's.Also the ending is very original and the whole movie is so  superior to the new Bosnian version.
B000000OQF|5.0|I think with Appetite for Destruction, GNR did for hard rock/heavy metal what Nirvana did for punk. Before GNR, hard rock was Van Halen, Def Leppard and AC/DC. GNR came along and shook everything down. With &quot;Welcome to  the Jungle&quot;, &quot;Sweet Child 'O' Mine&quot; and &quot;Paradise  City&quot; GNR proved that hard rock didn't have to be overproduced and  glossy. It could have a sharp edge to it. After Appetite, GNR progressively  produced lesser and lesser recordings of high quality. For anyone who  collects rock, this is a must have.
B000002P2W|5.0|Never mind what Geoffrey Giuliano says in his Pete Townsend Biography, this album is their finest because it is their most raw and naked.  It doesn't have the amatuerism of their early LP's, the over-ambitiousness of  Tommy or Quadrophenia or the unfortunately overplayed songs found on Who's  Next.  Great songs, great lyrics, great performances.  This folks is music  with feeling.  If you want to get their overall best album though, get your  hands on a copy of Meaty, Beaty, Big, And Bouncy, which is a collection of  their early singles.
B000002UR7|4.0|I absolutely enjoy listening to Pablo Honey. It is far better than average as most people rate it. Sure compared to 'The Bends' and 'Airbag/How am I driving'and 'Ok Computer'it may not be as polished but these raw edges in  many of the albums songs is was I love about it. Thom Yorkes voice is  portrayed far lower with greater masculine expression than the latter more  higer ballads. Personally I prefer Radiohead's faster rock songs like on  Pablo, than their slower songs where Yorkes voice is so much higher, more  precise and lacking that &quot;rock&quot; feel to it. Songs like 'You' love  his raw voice in that, 'creep', what an anthem for our  youth,'&quot;vegetable', 'Pop is dead', 'Inside my head', 'Ripcord' and  'Anyone Can Play Guitar' are my fav's.  When I first listened to Pablo  Honey most of the songs which are now my fav's didn't hit me as brilliant  instantly. After listening to them numerous times and paying in depth  attention to the lyrics, vocals and great guitar work I only then  appreciated how good most of the songs were.  I actually own the imported  version which is better as you get 'Creep' and &quot;Ripcord' live but even  without this I still would have enjoyed it. I adore Radiohead and Thom if  you ever read this you are a brilliat artist one hell of a hero of mine.
B000002OVJ|5.0|This CD version rivals the earlier pressings by adding songs such as I'm A Boy, Tattoo, A Quick One, Fortune Teller, and Heaven and Hell.  One of the best live albums ever.
B000002UAR|5.0|Interesting release, in the current 'Britpop' mould. These guys could do really well and it will be interesting to see how they follow this one.......
B00003Q438|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time ranking up there with the likes of Jurassic Park the Indiana Jones series, Star Wars and Braveheart.  This movie will thrill you, excite you, cause you to sit on the edge of  your seat and  can even make some cry.  <br />Though this is a science fiction  story, the sets appear so real and the special effects so extraordinary  (revolutionary for their time) that you are drawn in to think it's all  real.  Then comes the real sci-fi when you are presented with underwater  aliens who are portrayed as intelligent and peaceful creatures with  advanced water technology.  <br />The DVD I just received and it is  extraordinary, the transfer for a 10+ year old film is incredible and the  sound in Dolby Digital is a delight, you hear things going on all around  you.  My only gripe would be that they would have upped the dialogue a  little more, sometimes the characters are hard to hear.  I have not even  begun to look into the special features but will come back and let you know  about those.<br />If you like this movie at all, get the DVD, if you have  never seen this movie and like science fiction you will be pleasantly  surprised.  One of Cameron's best films still...
B000002UAO|5.0|Definitely a landmark work, but the stereo remix is below standard eg. Nowhere Man...you get voices in one ear and instruments in the other, great for karaoke night but torture when listening with headphones.
B000005J56|5.0|Great musicians! Their age doesnt matter or may that be the question. I just loved the simple, but true way how they play... And the piano player is really great. Thanks for them all!
6305750750|5.0|I have loved Star Wars from the very first time I saw A New Hope on tape. Coming from a true fan who loves these movies for what they are, a great way to be entertained, I must say that the Phantom Menace is a great  addition to the saga. I say saga not original trilogy because this movie is  the beggining of a saga, which includes the original three. <br />The Phantom  Menace is probably not the best Star Wars movie, that would belong to  Empire Strikes Back. But it is up there with the other two. The effects in  this move are unlike anything you've ever seen. Although the movie has a  more clean, advanced look than the first three, the effects still fit in  well with the Special Edition Trilogy. The story, I think, wasn't the most  original ever. But it was a great adventure, good guy vs. bad guy, save the  day kind of movie, which is what all the Star Wars movies are about. I  thought the actors did a great job, especially Jake Lloyd, who had to play  a tough role. Jar Jar was the comic relief, not to be taken seriously (as  many people have). The Jedi were awesome, and Yoda was still sprouting  wisdom that fans will love.<br />I have read many reviews on this movie and  one thing that comes up a lot is that no one could make an emotional link  with the Phantom Menace like they could with the original three. This to me  was easy. From the opening scroll I had chills up my spine every time I  realized this was a Star Wars movie. The podrace, space battles, Jedi  Duels, they were all great. <br />My favorite part in the whole movie is when  a group of maybe twenty people, including two Jedi and armed guards, stop  dead in their tracks as doors open and a menacing dark figure blocks their  way with nothing but a stare. That's movie magic people.<br />All in all this  is a great movie. Watch it with an open mind, don't think about what's  happening, just enjoy it for what it is, a great start to a great set of  movies!
6304297912|5.0|If you havent seen this movie then you better get it because it is one of the best movies in the world if you like movies like Fight Club or The Matrix then im sure youll love this one.
B00003CWPR|4.0|It makes me laugh when i read all the reviews about how people were disappointed were by the lack of &quot;shock&quot; this movie provided.  Honestly, if Kubrick had decided to engage us in a sexually shocking film,  why would he have chosen a book entitled &quot;Dream Story?&quot;  Or  titled the movie &quot;Eyes Wide Shut?&quot;  Kubrick has always titled his  movies very deliberately, and he didn't just slip up here.  Kubrick seeks  to examine the realms of dream and reality, especially in those times where  the line between them becomes blurry.  This is the artistic content Kubrick  sought to explore, and he did that just fine.  What better way to question  reality then letting a man (Cruise) wander through every man's greatest  fantasy?  Those who were disappointed by this film should go rent a  Penthouse flick, because they're clearly interested only in having their  libido satisfied.  This is a movie that uses sex as a tool for greater  ideas, and in that respect, Eyes Wide Shut uses it expertly.
B000002W9Q|5.0|WOW! Where do I begin.  The film was excellent, but it was the songs that made it so.  I love &quot;I've had the Time of my Life&quot; and &quot;Hungry Eyes&quot;. Incredible vocals!  Definately recommended!
B000002TQV|5.0|What Radiohead does better than anyone is give songs atmosphere; that is, make you forget you're listening to three guitars, a bass guitar, and some drums.  And although that is much more evident on OKC than on The Bends, it  still does a remarkable job of pulling you in to something much more than a  rock album.  An incredible work of art applied to modern rock.  Full of  unforgettable moments and wonderfully emotional efforts that seem so  honest.  The first time I heard Fake Plastic Trees- and most of the times  since then- my hair stands on end and I get goosebumps when I hear the  third verse:<br />She looks like the real thing, she tastes like the real  thing; My fake plastic love.<br />If I could be who you wanted all the time..
0679777547|5.0|This is the first &quot;good&quot; book I've read in 6 months.  I haven't been able to put it down.  Every time I have to leave the house, I want to stay and read some more.  I look forward to reading more of Perez-Reverte's work.
1573226521|4.0|I bought this book to read while teaching in Hungary as something just to pass the time. I'm told its along the same lines as Lord of the Flies, which I've never read. However, I will do! 'The Beach' combines a sense of  adventure with an underlying analysis of basic animal needs. The characters  are entirely believable and the main character, Richard, is sympathetic  without being 2 - dimensional. This is a great book.
B000021XS0|5.0|I bought this CD after previewing, and reading a few reviews right here on AMAZON. I own both &quot;IMAGES AND WORDS&quot;,and &quot;AWAKE.&quot; Which I think are both 5 star Discs, but when I first listened to  &quot;SFAM&quot; it blew me away. The story line, the music, and the vocals  equal any concept CD out there. I have a new found respect DREAM THEATER.  The vocals of James Labrie really put this disc in a class by itself.  I am  a huge Queensryche , and Rush fan and I never thought there would be  another concept CD that would come close to matching &quot;Operation  Mindcrime&quot; or &quot;2112&quot;. With this release Dream Theater prove  progressive rock can't be beat!  Buy this CD, you will without a doubt be  blown away!
B000001FS3|5.0|Any person that has heard of U2 probably already knows some of this albums songs by heart. <br />The reason is simple-- <br />THEY ARE WORKS OF ART.<br />This band showed early promise with other songs, but had never hit what many  though was possible until this one-- so buy it and hear what hard work and  suffering can do.<br />That's right-- HARD WORK and SUFFERING.<br />U2 deserves  all the credit for giving us a gem that can be listened to over and over  again.<br />And when you listen, you will understand what I mean. Words such  as BULLET THE BLUE SKY and TRIP THROUGH YOUR WIRES can't be pretended. They  are lived.<br />Even the out-of-focus cover on this one lets you know it is  different, and to be cherished.<br />Now leave me alone to listen to this one  WITH OR WITHOUT YOU, OK? <br />5 STARS+++++++
B00000J7J4|3.0|First of all,I would like to say this is a good record.But I think Arista Records should have called it &quot;All Star Review featuring the guitar of Carlos Santana.&quot; I am an older fan,this cd doesn't come close to  classics like &quot;Santana&quot; &quot;Abraxas&quot; &quot;Santana 3&quot;  &quot;Inner Secrets&quot; but nevertheless it's still Santana.
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 is an american masterpeice.  It really can not be characterized under any descriptions a mind can muster.  It is a true masterpiece that deserves a read even if you are the most fanatical advocate of war. it is  long, but when its over you will be wishing for 450 more pages to spend  with yossarian and the rest of the group
0425170349|3.0|I graciously give Tom Clancy 3 stars for this effort only because he is Tom Clancy.  This particular effort lacks his authenticity and believablitity so apparent in his other works.  The story line has crisis  after crisis always ending with the good guys killing the bad guys leaving  the white hats with nary a scratch on them.  Only one episode leaves any of  our good guys with a hair on their head harmed.  Mr. Clancy does his  homework and usually packs a devastating punch with his reality and  authenticity.  I was disappointed with his work but still call him the  master.  I look forward to his next effort.
B0000214F3|5.0|This movie contains one of the most beautiful and sensous love scenes of all time.  No talking, no bumping, or thrusting.  Both actors did a lovely job of expressing themselves through their eyes and facial expressions.   What great acting!  Of course there is the obvious plot story, but this  movie is also about the love of a father for his daughters, and the triumph  of good over evil.  The scene in which Joe Black reveals himself as an  undercover FBI agent is priceless.  You really need to WATCH this movie and  pay attention, so those of you who like car chases and naked bodies don't  bother.  This movie is like the classic movies of the 40's and 50's  starring actors like Katherine Hepburn.  It is beautifully acted and filmed  and there is a lot of attention to detail, the viewer knows exactly what  the characters are thinking even though they don't speak.  Of course Brad  is breathtaking.  This is one of his best.
052594527X|3.0|Young pretty girl forced to toll unmercifully as a maid to support her destitute family in the home of a brooding artist.  There's the jealous wife, bossy mother in law, nasty servants, lots of bratty kids, lecherous art patron, a little dilly dally with the butcher boy.  This book was not  as dark as some of the works of Vermeer and the writing extremely well  done.  Except for the little twist at the end, predictable but enjoyable to  read.
B00001QEE9|3.0|Am I the only one that cannot find a DVD copy without a defect on the left side of the screen during certain points in the film?  You can't tell on traditional DVD components (which crop off a good 2 inches of the viewable  image), but if you watch it on your computer (the entire screen image), you  will see a blurred left side at various scenes, (note: the first Honest  John &amp; Pinoccio encounter).  Where can I find a good copy?  I also  agree with the public... where's the making-of extra, if it's on video?    That's outrageous!  The film itself gets 5 stars, the DVD release only 2  stars.
0316152196|4.0|This fast paced story is another winner from Michael Connelly. Typical intriguing Bosch!  This story also brings to light the problem of too much political correctness  in todays society and how it could unintentionally  alter the path of justice.  Harry Bosch walks his own path to ensure  justice is done.  As always Michael Connelly doesn't let you down, after  reading this you will appreciate his style and ability, and intricacies of  developing his character with each new book.
6305622825|1.0|this movie's only redeeming part was when Catherine Zeta moved thru  the lasers. Sean Connery was too irritable and boring. Someone young should have played him. Otherwise this movie was dry as the Sahara Desert.
B000002LRX|5.0|Considering some of the truly amazing work that Mike Patton has done (The Real Thing as well as his Mr Bungle work) it's a pretty amazing feat that this is the one work that tops them all.  I enjoy Mr Bungle's first CD a  little more, but this one is probably better in that it effortlessly  combines rap, hardcore, Native Indian chants and pop without sacrificing  Mr. Patton's peerless vocals.  In fact, this is probably the work that best  shows off his silky smooth vocals, particularly on Land Of Sunshine, A  Small Victory, Midlife Crisis and Kindergarten.  He also shows a harsher  side on Malpractice, Caffeine and Jizzlobber.  No matter how his vocals are  used, he drives tons of soul into each of these finely crafted tunes.
B000002L7R|5.0|Prince is at his best in this golden oldie. Fifteen years have passed but Prince has not lost so much as a inch of its stardom (he hasn't gained any also, ha ha). On Pop life, with America among the best songs in the ouvre  of the Mineapolis Midget, he shows his extraordinarily vocal capabilities  and reaches highs where even Whitney dares not go - oh la la! If it wasn't  for my Micheal Jackson back-to-back Cd-collection I would think there is no  better performer out there! But seriously: what a drag ..
0767836324|5.0|This is a great movie to watch, adventure, comedy, and a bit of heartwarming all in one, makes you realize that you dont want to waste too much time trying to grow up.
0140177396|5.0|My name is Scarlett Slaughter and I am a student at Saint Mary's School.  After reading Of Mice and Men, I was overwhelmed at it's greatness.  Steinbeck knew what he wanted his point to be, and didn't let the reader  wonder or have to guess.  I think that this tale of true love for a friend  and the willingness to do anything to save them should be read by everyone.   I recommend this novel to anyone ages 12 to 100.  It made me feel good to  know that there are true friends out there, and gives me hope that we will  all be so lucky as to find one.  Although it was required reading, it has  been the only novel I've read in school that I didn't mind reading.  I'm  glad our teacher made us read it!
0783226837|5.0|I found this to be one of the most enjoyable horror movies produced in many years.Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward play per parts in this monster/buddy film.The location shots along with the special effects are some of the best  done on the limited budget that this film was given that i have ever  seen.The acting throughout was done with alot of obvious tongue's in cheek  and you can tell that everyone was having alot of fun making this movie.The  DVD version is especially great because of the DVD quality and all the  extra's given in the collectors edition. It is definately worth the  cost,especially if you want to know everything about how this  movie was  made-very interesting specials in this format.If you are looking for  something with a monster that obviously was not designed to really frighten  and except for some very brief profanity and one quick shot of the heroin  running quickly in her underwear,this is almost perfect family  entertainment(except if you are really super sensitive and then you  shouldn't really watch any horror/monster films).HIGHLY recomment this  movie.
0060168366|5.0|I re-submit my review so it will be linked to my new account:<br />A much needed remedy to the apotheosis of JFK, a comprehensive survey of 400+ years of history, a vindication of Nixon, and a very flowing narrative from  a marvelous writer/historian. It also includes much needed light on just  how important a role traditional religion has played in the shaping of  America.Every student in our public school system should be required to  read this book.
630463949X|5.0|Being a mere mortal i am hesitant to even begin to rate this come back by Fleetwood Mac.How these gods and goddesses managed to get together to perform for us mere mortals is a miracle!Seriously,this is one of the  finest(in my opinion)shows put on by any classic rock and roll group in a  long time and is setting a standard for all other rock groups to rise  to.Stevie Nicks(looking good-must be witchcraft),Christie Mcvie,John  Mcvie,Mick fleetwood and Lindsey Buckingham are all giving their all during  this performance.They manage to work in all their major hits,plus some new  stuff thrown in for good measure.The electricity between these group  members seems to want to jump from the stage and at times literally seems  to do so.If like the majority of us you were not able to attend oneof their  concerts than please do yourself a big favor and purchase the DVDor at  least the VHS of this concert.You will be doing yourself a huge favor by  doing so!
630575067X|5.0|It's a great movie from start to finish.  Buy it and watch is twenty times, just like the first one. And, watch it again in the theater, because the money goes for charitable cause on the re-release.<br />I've seen three major threads of critcism against Star Wars, Episode One:<br />1. It's not as  good as the other movies<br />2. The acting and dialog are wooden and  slow<br />3. The special effects aren't as good as other  movies on the  market<br />In order:<br />1. SW TPM is a great story.  If you know anything  about the story you are watching unfold, it stands on its own, no  problem.<br />If you doubt this, go back and watch the prior three movies,  then watch TPM again.  Count how many things you missed the first time.   Did you notice the personal Palpatine Guard is nearly the same as the  dreaded Imperial Guard of Lord Sidious in the last of the series, except  for color of the  uniforms?  Did you see the visual and storyline clues  about where Princess Leia comes from (Amidala's daughter, sent to Alderaan  to be hidden from Darth Vader; we know she was adopted from the first 3  movies).<br />Sure, there are some major holes in the story, but when viewed  as part of the saga, it is far more insightful into what and why things  happen in the original trilogy.<br />2. The dialog is slow - and predictable  at times; but remember, most of the plot is emulating Royalty, and  precision of words over dramatic flair.  The Jedi at times seem dull,  because they come across as overly serious - how &quot;perky&quot; would  your attitude be if you were a lifetime devotee of one cause, to the  exclusion of all else? No, it's not The Lion King or some other Disney  Cartoon - it's Star Wars!<br />If you think TPM has slow dialog, again, go  watch the original - some of the acting is so awful in SW IV A New Hope,  it's laughable.  Maybe Lucas just didn't have the number of takes needed to  get it right, or the actors really stunk and got better - look at the  outtakes from the &quot;Luke Skywalker&quot; screen tests.<br />3.  Fewer  things explode spectacularly, true.  You have to almost be a computer  graphics geek to appreciate how much easier &quot;A Bug's Life&quot; is, or  how much easier all &quot;People&quot; films are - try mixing the two -  Animated Characters with People on a grand scale and the film is  AWESOME!<br />My observation: Jedi skills have obviously slid a bit from the  days of TPM.
B000002J03|5.0|This album is amazing. The blend of Page's catchy guitar riffs, Bonham's pounding on the drums, strong bass from Jones, and Plant's stellar voice makes every song on this album great rock. It's like old rock and roll that  makes you want to get up and jam but with a modern touch. From the popular  Whole Lotta Love to the bluesy rocking song Bring it on Home, this album is  superior and necessary for people who love rock.
0553573403|4.0|Although I really think Mr. Martin is out to exploit all of us who have nothing else to do but read these brick-thick tomes, he can exploit away as long as he does it with such skill.  Has anyone else nticed the little nods to other fantasy authors Martin gives here and there (Kinslayer and  something else from Robert Jordan, and Josua and Elias from Tad Wiliams)?
B00004LN16|5.0|Yeah.... this is what I am talking about when I say Rock and Roll. Angus has found his groove again. I was a little worried about his continuity after the last album  as well as Brian's voice. This CD put that to rest.  This is some serious AC DC riffage at it's absolute best. As for Phil's  drum licks, he has always been about base rythm. I have never heard an AC  DC song that the drums made me stand up and take notice of the drummer. He  always lays down a good basic groove for Angus and the rest of the band to  paint over. That is what I love about him. No pretenses, just plain ole  rock solid rock and roll foundation. If you love to rock, you will love  this CD. If you love AC DC, this is a must have to your collection. One  that you will want to have two copies of, because you will be wearing one  of them out. Solid. I could not wait to get my hands on it, and after  spending the weekend with it, I can not stop hitting the repeat button.  This one KICKS A@#. Listen to it alone and LOUD.
6304981635|5.0|After watching all 5 Bruce Lee's movies, Enter the Dragon had to be the best.  It is his true voice, which none of the other movies are and it really shows the power of Lee.  It shows you a different side to Bruce, the  wisdom and power that he had. Lots of action and great fight scenes.  I  have watched this one over and over and love it.  It is a must for all  martial arts fan.  You can't describe how great the movie is, you have to  watch it to believe it.
B00000K0DT|1.0|I COULDN`T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING.I MEAN WHY DIDN`T KEYSER SOSERRESCUE VERBAL FROM THE POLICE STATION LIKE IN REAL LIFE HE WOULDHAVE.I FOUND DAS BOOT MUCH MORE SUSPENSEFUL AND REALISTIC.IN GERMANY WE LIKE OUR FILMS WITH SOME HUMOUR LIKE AUF WIEDERSEN PET.
630508999X|5.0|SCREAM 2 is a worthy follow-up to the original. It has more humor, more scares, and more suspense. The plot has all the survivors of SCREAM 1 being stalked by a copycat killer who has seen a movie called STAB that is based  on the events that happened in the first SCREAM. As always, the killer's  identity is a total surprise when you find out. Wes Craven and Kevin  Willamson do a great job at giving the horror genre some new blood!
0800130936|5.0|Bad Boys is simply the best action/comedy to come along for quite some time. It boasts a ton of hilarious lines, as well as having some of the most intense action scenes ever filmed. If you like Michael Bay's other  action flicks (ie. &quot;The Rock&quot; and &quot;Armageddeon&quot;), check  it out - you won't be disappointed.
6304675399|5.0|When I first heard of SCREAM, I really didn't want to see it, but then when my friends and I rented it for a party, it blew me away! The plot is simple: a killer obsessed with scary movies begins stalking Neve Campbell  and her teenage friends. Many plot twists develop along the way, especially  when you find out who the killer really is. A great movie with tons of  humor, scares, and suspense. Henry Winkler as the high school principle was  priceless!
B00000DC7J|5.0|My friend turned me on to this album several years ago. I have purchased a few other Tango albums, yet, nothing was as close to amazing as this album is. This is the quintessential Tango album. Piazzolla is a genius!
B000002V07|5.0|This album has been in constant rotation in my cd player for years and years now. It really is a beautiful album. I never understood the people who said that all Mazzy Star songs all sound alike. I never thought that in  any sense at all. they all are so subtle and subdued but yet all have their  own personality. The album really coheres in a sense, but each song tells  it's own story. It isn't simply a collection of random songs but more a  book of short stories held together by a common thread.<br />From the first  track, Fade Into You, a sort of surprise hit single on the radio with its  country tinged, folk psychadelia to the grand finale, So Tonight That I  Might See, a Doors inspired stream of conscious masterpiece, the entire  album shimmers with emotion and feeling and dreamy landscapes. David  Robacks sweet guitar playing and lush arrangements provide the perfect  backdrop to Hope Sandovals detached but angelic voice and an almost  faceless backing band provides the perfect foil for the dark, laid back duo  who are fronting the show. <br />Fade Into You is a beautiful tune, filled  with desertlike folk country-ish sounds, that never seems to wear thin.  Bells Ring which is next, keeps the same spirit as Fade Into You, albiet  with a more heavy, electrified spirit and then Mary of Silence And Five  String Serenade bring the band closer to a funeral type atmosphere, but  it's Blue Light, the fifth track that lifts the band out of it's misery.  This almost tone poem, is filled with an aquatic organ sound that is  perfect, almost with it giving you the feeling of a soft, blueish light  shining through the window on a what was rainy afternoon during a hot  summer's day.<br />She's My Baby is nice and is next, but it's the seventh  track, Unreflected that has consistantly moved me and been one of my  favorite songs of all time. It's gently ringing acoustic guitars, soft  shaker and echoey vocals by Sandoval remind me of lying in a field in the  desert on a clearsummer's night with the brightest stars against the  darkest backdrop circling above. This is a song that could simply be called  cosmic... something which not many songs truly are. <br />The album then  shifts gears with the coarse and tripped out &quot;Wasted&quot; only to  find it's way back to dreamy folk on &quot;Into Dust,&quot; which gives way  the powerful closing track, So Tonight That I Might See. In similar fashion  to The Doors, &quot;The End,&quot; Sandoval sings with detached fashion  almost unceasing string of words whih sound almost like an uninterupted  thought from beginning to end. <br />So Tonight is a fantastic album. You may  have heard Fade Into You on the radio at some point. Give it a try if you  haven't already. It isn't music that you want to race cars to (effectively  atleast) but it is a great cd. The playing by the band (except Roback) is  nothing to run to the store about, but they do managed to create a dreamy  atmosphere which is unbroken throughout the show. Highly Recommended.
B000002JNJ|5.0|Man, this CD rules!  Very solid, heavy album, all the way through.  No song is bad, but the highlights would have to be the kickin' title track, the Metallica-like &quot;Heresy&quot;, and the incredibly amazing  &quot;Cemetery Gates&quot;.  This CD should be in the collection of every  metalhead out there.  Okay, so it's not quite as good as Metallica, but it  comes close.  Dimebag Darrel is truely a talented guitarist, and Phil has a  great voice.  Don't hesitate to check out Pantera's other albums, but this  is them at their best.
630575067X|4.0|We've all heard plenty about what's wrong with this film...poor plot development, poor character development, poor acting...etc.  People, the same things were said about the original trilogy!  What it boils down to  is, you'll like it or you won't...the same is true for any film.  I like  it. Maybe it doesn't have the best plot ever, but look at what Star Wars is  all about.  It's about fantasy...escaping the reality of our own world in  favor of one where exciting adventures take place, and nobody has to worry  about tax day.
0380973839|3.0|The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury is definetely an &quot;out-of-the-ordinary&quot; book. Bradbury breaks all the rules. The book has no plot, no main character, which is a definate twist to any reader. Included are the stories of man and Mars, how we settled it, then  mysteriously abandoned it. Each chronicle gives you an insight into one  person's journey and Mars. Although hard to follow at times, the book ends  with good words of thought. For those of you interested in the  &quot;different&quot; type of Sci-Fi.
B00003CWPR|5.0|1) The film definitely WAS NOT designed to be shocking or even entertaining and there's NO even slight resemblance to &quot;Basic Instinct&quot;, etc. In fact, if you want entertainment, Kubrick's art is not really your cup of tea - all of his films are depicting not the  moment's rush, but eternal meditation. And they are too complicated for the  lovers of all-nation hits.<br />2) Does anybody at all think WHY Kidman &amp;  Cruise? Such an amazing casting is the only way to grip the audience when  you're about to tell it smth really important.<br />3) But this important is  not to be seen, it's what it DOES to you, and absolutely without kind  permission of your mind.<br />4)Hence, accept the fact that sometimes making  movies is not about telling stories, and general audience may not be able  to understand the 'morals'. Moreover, often understanding is totally  impossible on the existing cultural level, so the message should be  indocrinated. That's the case of 'Eyes Wide Shut'.<br />5)Please please don't  be that mad at Stanley. Remember that we always tend to hate what we don't  understand.
0140177396|5.0|As a junior at Saint Mary's School in North Carolina, my class was assigned to read Of Mice and Men, by John Steinbeck.  This novel was very touching, as you become attached to the childish Lennie, and the patient  George.  George, who takes care of Lennie, must always keep an eye on his  companion for he is not certain what kind of trouble Lennie may get himself  into next.  The two of them travel from ranch to ranch looking for laboring  jobs on the farms, in hopes that one day they will have a place of their  own.  That is all part of their plan.  George and Lennie imagine having a  ranch of their own with land and rabbitts that Lennie can tend to.  While  at their latest job, Lennie is tested with many temptations that may lead  him away from what George has taught him. Opposite in every way, George and  Lennie are companions who thrive on each other and work for each other's  dream.  No matter what they get into, they do it together and always have a  picture of their own ranch in mind.  This was an excellent novel with a  surprising ending. This book appeals to numerous audiences and is an  American classic. I enjoyed every minute of it and found myself reading  faster and faster each time to get to the next part.
B00000JCB2|5.0|limp is the best band in the alternative/rap world
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Everytime I hear &quot;I knew I loved you&quot; I can only think of my best friend.  No matter where I am, I stop and listen and only think of them.  It is the best that there could ever be
B00000AFFF|5.0|I have 15 Elvis Costello albums, and this is my favorite.  Elvis and Burt blend and you can feel the harmony and creativity flowing.  A beautiful album.
B000002UDD|5.0|Awesome album made great by the songs 'Hook In Mouth' and 'Liar', truly superb tracks which go down as probably Megadeths finest work ever, only rivalled by the earlier album 'Peace Sells....'
B00003CXDV|5.0|Are you a trekkie? Even if you aren't, you'll love this movie. I haven't laughed so hard in a long time. The actors surpassed themselves, and the special effects are out of this world (literally). Tim Allen is in his  element; he and Sigourney Weaver will have you rolling on the floor. Alan  Rickman also does a bang-up job of playing the spoof-version of Spock. You  really can't go wrong with this movie. It's what I would call a hilarious,  side-splitting smash!
B00000K19E|1.0|This was a terrible movie. It was very dumb. One of the worst movies I have ever seen, except for maybe &quot;The Ravangers&quot;.  Nothing more to be said.
0316286850|2.0|Kevyn Aucoyn is a wonderful, talented artist and an incredible human being-and this is a lovely collection of &quot;made over&quot; celebrities who (like so many of us)also adore Kevyn. Not a practical book for the &quot;day to day&quot; looks you can quickly use as you rush out of the  house. Buy it for the celeb pics (and keep it on your coffee table or in  the bathroom)-and get Bobbi Brown's book for real life make up tips.
6305750750|2.0|Let's start this by saying I am a very big Star Wars fan.  With that out of the way lets begin... There are 3 reason why I gave this movie 2 Stars.  1)  The plot of the Star Wars Trilogy has always been one of plot twists,  and this movie has enough, what this movie doesn't do is explain who is  who.  Who is the trade federation, who are the Jedi, who are the Hutts.   Mr. Lucas has assumed (properly I admit) that those who see Star Wars 1-  have seen the other 3 movies.  But if I show the Star Wars movies to my  grand children they will see SW1-first, and not have any clue about what's  ging on until SW4 2) The charaters are the most shallow ones I ever seen.   Qui-Gon, and Obi-Wan have no chemistry together.  I never once in the 3  times that I saw the movie believed that Qui-Gon, and Obi-Wan were teacher,  and student for any length of time more than the 6 months it took to film  their scenes.  Then there's Darth Maul, who has two lines, and has no  ability to put fear into anyone.  Mr. Lucas has short changed these  characters no development with them, we see them and then there gone.  Not  even 10 minuets into SW4: A new Hope we were afarid of Darth Vader, and his  storm troppers, no Maul is not one to fear, just to laugh at for having to  many tattos.  Then thers the jedi- for being a group a good natured i'm in  harmony with the force people they are really a group of Jerks, no wonder  Anni (Anikin's girlish nickname) turns to the Dark Side, and kill the Jedi,  I would to those good for nothing Jerks. 3) The plot incosistances.  Yoda  was Obi-Wan's trainer, and princes Leia's father was Bail Organa, not Bail  Antilies.  I know this is Georges story but maybe he should have checked  his source material. All in all I have waited sence 1983 to see a new Star  Wars movie, and I was largly disappointed.  Shame on you Mr. Lucas the  force was not with you always, so do us all a favor let someone good like  Speilberg, or Terinteno dircect the next movie, and make ita good one.
B000006NPY|5.0|I totally agree with what mansonpogotwiggy(sorry if I got that wrong) said, it's softer but darker and more beautiful(if you read this, I share all your opinions actually, except Manson whom I hate). This album was more  gothic then their rest(by far) but I'm not sure if you'd call it gothic,  maybe alterna-goth, either way it's heavily gothic influenced and that's  why I love it so much. I can listen to it all the way through unlike  &quot;Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness&quot; or the boring  &quot;Siamese Dream&quot;. One thing that got me was how it didn't sell, I  guess some people got tired of Billy's attitude. If this sold three million  copies or more it would've been called a breakthrough masterpiece, but  since it didn't (some)critics labeled it as a flawed electronic mess. I  think what made this their best was Billy's lyrics. They make sense and  he's focused which makes it hard for anyone(themselves included) to top. I  think that's always been Billy's downfall, his lyrics. But not here,  personal but not too personal and that's what I love, some edge. If the  rumors of them breaking up aren't true(PLEASE don't) I'd like to see them  retread this ground with Jimmy Chamberlin back on board, it would  definately be interesting to see how they do. And that's it's only flaw(if  you can call it that) is the drumming could be better. More lounge then  rock, more goth then not, it's still a breakthrough masterpiece in my mind.  That gothic chick on the cover is beautiful, sorry, I just had to throw  that in there.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Regardless of your age, regardless of your tastes in music - be it folk, rock, pop, funk etc - you WILL like this CD.  One other exception, if you are a lover of Red Hot Chili Peppers early stuff.  This album does not  sound like &quot;Mothers Milk&quot;, or &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magic&quot;.   Personally, I am thankful for that.  It is not angry funk/rock that makes  no sense (relief).  You can tell this band has matured and fine tuned their  sound, it will appeal to you - guaranteed!  In the past, I could have taken  their music or left it.  Aside from &quot;Under the Bridge&quot; nothing  they put out ever really grabbed me.  On Californication I was grabbed!   Very rarely does a CD come out where all but maybe 1 or 2 songs are  fantastic - this one is very good beginning to end!  This is a diverse  album containing funk, rock, and ballads.  It is sure to satisfy all your  tastes in music!  I can't compliment it enough. If the Red Hot Chili  Peppers keep this style they are sure to sail on to being a Legendary Band,  if they fall back to being abnoxious,distorted,angry and lewd they will  keep falling.  What they had going before was &quot;fad&quot; not solid  enough, no real substance except to appeal to young rebels.  What they have  done with Californication is deep, soulful, funky, and rich.  Money well  spent!
6304044836|4.0|This movie suffered disasterous reviews upon release, but it's worth a second look. It is truly a romantic movie, that plays on all your notions of what love is supposed to be. Greg Kinnear as &quot;David&quot; is  especially charming, and I almost felt like rooting for him, instead of  Harrison Ford. The scenes of Paris are great, and you really, really wish,  you had a contact that would set you up with and apartment in Paris with a  job at Vogue magazine.<br />Alas, that is not in the cards.. but I can still  pop in the video and pretend i was there..
B0000047CX|5.0|Granted I was not born when this piece of work was created, I have not heard a more lovely and artistic jazz creation.  Getz, Gilberto and Jobim connect in a way that their independent sounds are melded into one  full-bodied aural pleasure.  <br />This remastered version delivers a clearer  sound than the original version, and a good sound system will allow you to  appreciate it.  In addition, the liner notes are very nice - especially  regarding the addition of Astrud Gilberto in spite of her husband's wishes.   By the way, I'm glad she made the cut!
044022165X|5.0|This is the first Grisham book i ever read now im hooked, it was a great story, I couldnt put it down
0800141806|5.0|Some say that this movie is a bit too one-sided.  Perhaps it was, but I think that was necessary to convey the movie's messages of discrimination and prejudice.  But this review is not to speak of the political  implications of the movie.  I would like to congratulate Tom Hanks for such  a brilliant performance.<br />There was one particular scene that moved me.   When he seems to be without hope.  He is standing alone on the street  wearing his baseball cap, looking around and on the verge of tears, but  there are no tears - just an image of hopelessness.  It was at that moment  when I realized the pain of Hanks' character Andrew Beckett, and I felt it  with him.  5 stars, Tom Hanks.
6305078491|4.0|This is one of the movies where you get really frightened without actually knowing why. There is no gore (exept perhaps when the old doctor gets suffocated by tons of grain), but a lot of sinister images. Actually, if I  hadnt read what the plot of the film is, I wouldnt have known, still, I  felt very frightened by its whispering, shady, sinister images.
6305627347|5.0|This movie is so funny. I laughed so hard I almost cryed. My favorite part was when Kenny died and went to hell. The movie has some great graphics.
6305075468|4.0|This film shows that you need no special effects, no gore, no shrieks to make a truly frightening film, and you need no bouncing on the bed to make a really sensuous film. There is hardly a more frightening scene than  Nosferatus appearance on the haunted ship, and the final seduction of the  vampire is full of morbid sensuality. Max Schrecks Nosferatu has none of  the redeeming sex-appeal of Dracula, he is just a nasty, otherwordly  creature bent on destruction. I saw this first when I was a child and I  haven't yet gotten over the fright.
B000005J56|5.0|Some of the music on this CD sounds like Las Vegas jazz.  But &quot;Chan Chan&quot; and &quot;Candela&quot; offer a sound that is unique and almost visual.  See the movie too.
6300182266|4.0|...Now to actually review Galactica.  The plot is, as youprobably guessed, that a bunch of robots called Cylons (Who ARE likeStormtroopers in that they can't aim strait except when conveniant for story advancement) pretty much screwed over all KNOWN human colonies so they're headed for Earth.  I fell in love with the ah-so-original storyline right away.  Then we have the excellent characters... except Boxy, I really hate dumb-little-kid types who are there for nothing more than plot gimmicks.<br />The only reasons I don't give this movie 5 stars is one, because I try never to give perfect reviews, two, because of Boxy, and three, because of his dumb dog.
6305313687|5.0|Although there aren't many extra features to go with this entertaining and provocative film - the deleted scenes are choice and could very well have been a part of the final film before it was trimmed for time or rating.   Includes the scene where the Nazi leader and Norton's huge Skinhead friend  pull some racist BS in a coffeeshop - then get chased down by a gang.   Great added bonus.
0800187881|5.0|I loved this movie! This film shows the many talents of Barbra from director to singer to actress, this movie is heart warming and full of laughs. I must see with your loved one!
0790729628|3.0|Bladerunner has always been a favorite on VHS - so when the DVD came out - you would think the quality would be better.  Wrong.  At best, the transfer is average and almost identical to VHS.  And there are no special feature  sets.  Looks like an early manufacturing run for the DVD -   Wait for the  special edition - assuming one comes out....Warner would be fools not to.
6303109950|5.0|This movie is my favorite of all time.  I have been nicknamed &quot;Doc&quot; by some of my closest friends due to the fact I quote the lines of Val Kilmer's awesome portrayal of John &quot;Doc&quot; Holliday.   Val Kilmer will steal the movie in the viewer's eye when he flips the coin  across his knuckle to his last line, &quot;This is funny.&quot;  I have  watched this movie at least 20 times and I will be watching it again soon.   Do yourself a favor and watch it too!
6303477259|5.0|This video is nothing less than incredible! I bought it thinking, &quot;all right.. another Pink Floyd video, this should be pretty cool&quot;, and I lay down on the couch to watch it, and then I rolled  right off it! Almost right away, there were shivers going up my spine when  they opened with Shine on You Crazy Diamond. The music is superb, the light  show is fantastic, and the quality of the video is awesome too. It's also  addictive, and I found myself watching it again and again. This is well  worth whatever price you might pay for this masterpiece. Everything about  this is good. BUY THIS NOW!
0060920084|1.0|While I have enjoyed other books by Bryson, especially Made in America, I found this one to me more mean spirited than funny.  I, like some of the other reviewers, have been to many of the places written about here and do  not recognize them from Bryson's descriptions.
B000001FS3|4.0|Joshua Tree is a good album, but is NOT U2's best. It falls short of the intensity in October and Achtung Baby. Casual listeners usually start with Joshua Tree, and it really irks me when they consider themselves definitive U2 fanatics after listening to just one album. And most of the time all  they really know are the first three tracks. I have found that when you ask  people what album they like from U2, the hardcore U2 fans like Achtung Baby  or Zooropa, but casual listeners like Joshua Tree, and just Joshua Tree. Sure, the songs,  the lyrics and tunes are soulful, but c'mon, they have done far more better  stuff than just &quot;With or Without You&quot;, &quot;I Still Haven't  Found What I'm Looking For,&quot; and &quot;Where the Streets Have No  Name&quot;. So listen to this cd, appreciate the music, but don't stop here  and say that this is the best of all their work, specially if you've only  listened to just this one. I know a lot of fans don't like the selection of  &quot;Best of 1980-1990&quot;, but try at least that. Don't stop at Joshua  Tree.
B00000F1D3|5.0|It really make me belive myself, I'm strong enought, and wonder I can be wild while dancing
B000002L9M|4.0|There is a lot in favour of Black Celebration. The title song is a dark, moody and beautiful piece, 'A Question of lust' is one of their best ballads, 'A Question of time' is a great uptempo song, 'Stripped' is my  favourite Depeche Mode song all time and 'Here is the house' grows on you  and is a classic too. BUT: too many songs are a bit too embarassing to my  taste to choose this album as one of their best. 'Sometimes' is a filler,  'It doesn't matter II' is a big no-no, 'Dressed in black' is certainly no  thumb up (sounds like a keyboard preset), 'New Dress' is thematically  silly, dated and it does not fit between the other songs (although I liked  this song back in 1986). There is a strange habit in the songwriting by  Martin Gore: he always manages to include a couple of mediocre songs on  every album. Why ? He clearly shows us he is capable of creating classic  songs: why include the b-sides ? I mean: 'Stripped' and 'Dressed in Black'  on one album ?  Unbelievable. Verdict: If you choose the best songs on this  album, however, and combine them with the best on 'Music for the masses',  you would have the ultimate Depeche Mode album.
B00000F1D3|5.0|YES!  great music, which only album bring me into mood to dance
B000002LCI|4.0|This is a fine cd. 'Never let me down' is an instant classic; very good song ! 'The things you said' and 'Strangelove' also appeal. 'Behind the wheel' is ok, 'To have and to hold' is short but has a great atmosphere,  'Pimpf' is great. The other songs on the album are not special, but you  won't hate them either (as I sometimes hate the odd song on previous albums  by Depeche Mode).
B00000BKDV|5.0|the name says it all.Possibly one the greatest heavy metal albums of all time. Fans of judas priest, dio, ozzy, and black sabbath should love this album
B000002MJC|3.0|This cd has moody songs, fast songs, electronic songs, gospel songs, ambient songs, new philharmonic songs. It is no wonder that Alan Wilder (former DM and now Recoil) likes this album best: production-wise it is  quite an achievement. But, as with the later Ultra, I am missing something.  Maybe you can call it intimacy, maybe honesty, I don't know. Please note:  SOFAD sure has highlights: 'In your room' is among the best songs by DM.  'Walking in my shoes' also is a great song. But on this album DM most of  the time have lost their fine balance between naivity, honesty and  clearity, and therefore is a disappointment. I feel the words and the music  have to tell the story, not the style (Condemnation, ugh!). Not to mention  the art work and cover-design, which is bad. Strange, by the way, that  'Ultra' suffered from the same lack of clearity, given the fact that Wilder  (the production brain)left the band after this album.
0792844890|5.0|Spaceballs is probably the best comedy I have ever seen.  Playing off films like Alien, Star Wars, Star Trek, and Transformers.  I've seen it many times on television and can't wait to see the un-cut, un-edited  version and all the extra features!
B000002L75|4.0|One could say that Some Great Reward is the ultimate Depeche Mode album, because it is simple on one hand, but moody and 'deep' on the other. Ok, if I had to rank Depeche Mode albums I think 'Violator' would be the best one,  no doubt, but I think this would be second best. 'Your pretty dress is oil  stained from working to hard for to little', a lyric from 'Something to do'  clearly illustrates how  strong some of the words on this cd are. 'Lie to  me' is maybe not a killer song, but it is somehow essential Mode still. 'It  doesn't matter' is a typical naive, but glorious Mode ballad, 'Somebody'  sure is naive, but hey, it is also very true and honest, 'Blasphemous  rumours' is one of those top 5 classic Depeche Mode songs. From the earlier  period (until 1988), I choose this one to be the best.
B00000K0E5|5.0|It is difficult to recreate in words the sheer visceral thrill of seeing this film for the first time in a proper movie theater...but I will indeed try.  Each time I see this film, I'm reminded of just how great a  turnaround this movie made for the Bond series.  Some of you may not  remember that there was a six-year period where the future of James Bond  was indeed in question, thanks to the commercial failure of &quot;Licence  to Kill&quot;.  This movie singlehandedly put Bond back on the cinematic  map with a vengeance.  And justifiably so, for it is perhaps the  best-constructed post-On Her Majesty's Secret Service Bond film.  All of  the classic Bond elements are well-utilized, be they the gadgets, the  lethal enemy, the beautiful ally, the bombastic theme song, or the  one-liners which Timothy Dalton never really looked comfortable saying.  Pierce Brosnan, despite some stiffness, is indeed suited for the part and  we instantly can accept him as Bond.  A more psychologically complex and to  some extent more vulnerable Bond he is, which makes his portrayal all the  more interesting.<br />And, perhaps most importantly, the film itself LOOKS  good.  Martin Campbell deserves much credit for his directorial effort; the  film is visually a world apart from predecessor John Glen's rather tepid  later efforts.<br />It's difficult to call this film a classic, at least at  the present time (it's still a relatively new film, after all) -- but my  guess is that this Bond entry will stand up well to the test of time...The  Man With The Golden Gun, it ain't!
B00003CWPR|5.0|If ever a film required multiple viewings to give multiple pleasures Eyes Wide Shut is it.  I have seen it 4 times now and am still in the stages of enjoying the dialogue and beauty of the sets.  Come a time I am sure the  entire film will take on a specific meaning for me but right now it seems  different with every viewing.  Sometimes I think it is about morality and  temptation ( a logical symbolic extrapolation) and at times it appears to  be about how people need to react to different parts of their relationship  in personal ways to get past the daggers of everyday  life.  It really is a  wonderful movie on many different levels and should never be seen just  once!
630460291X|2.0|I really like this movie but was extremely disappointed when I watched it and realized that you had to turn the DVD over half way through the movie.  I thought that buying a DVD would take away the hassles of two VHS tapes  that longer movies have.  Also, I have another DVD that is only five  minutes shorter and you do not have to turn it over.  I was very  disappointed at this and would not have bought the DVD if I had known.
6304297912|5.0|...but a very real view on the horrors of seriously hard drugs such as heroin. Sharp, witty, superbly acted and directed this film offers bright and clever humour along with deeply harrowing warnings for everyone to take  notes from. A group of disillusioned Scottish youngsters are at the bottom  and digging themselves even further down. Addicted to heroin and involved  in crime to feed his habit one of them, Renton, (McGregor) decides, yet  again, to give it up. But how on earth is he going to do that when his  loser junkie friends just won't leave him alone?<br />Ewan is good as the guy  narrating the story but Robert Carlisle (playing a seriously dangerous  psycho) and Ewen Bremner steal the show with their performances. <br />Gritty,  scary stuff which everyone should see to help them realise that the drugs  just don't work and they most definitely make things worse.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is an AWESOME CD! You can listen to it all the time. It has songs that are just for fun(i.e. Aliens Exist), and then some songs that help you out in some real life issues (i.e. Adam's Song, and Anthem). I think it is  a great mix.  I don't think it's that much different from 'Dude Ranch'.  Blink 182 is THE BEST band right now. And they continue to compose good  punk music. NOT pop, or alternative, like some people say. If you haven't  already, BUY THIS CD!   PS All you people that &quot;love&quot; blink 182  because of 'All The Small Things', and 'All The Small Things' only, STOP  CALLING YOUR SELF A BLINK 182 FAN!
B00003CXDV|5.0|I enjoyed this DVD from the start till the end. That's not just because of the excellent humour shown in this picture. There's also this first class anamorphic widescreen quality. Unlike some other lables like WARNER,  Dreamworks clearly has understood the needs of today's customers for the  use of modern technology. People who are unhappy with widescreen should  stick with watching full frame VHS tapes!
B000002HRE|4.0|IT DOESN'T MATTER WHY THEY CUT THEIR HAIR!    The bottom line is that Metallica has successfully evolved into a band that will no doubt take their place in music history.
B000002LND|5.0|This is the one of of best compilations of pop music!These are the best songs of the Material Girl!17 powerful songs, ranging from 1983 to 1990 are included in this powerful compilation,from LIKE A VIRGIN(her first number  one)to her daring and controversial JUSTIFY MY LOVE.Other gems you will  find in THE IMMACULATE COLLECTION are MATERIAL GIRL,LUCKY  STAR,BORDERLINE,VOGUE,INTO THE GROVE,EXPRESS YOURSELF,to name a few.... It  also features fun ballads like CRAZY FOR YOU and LIVE TO TELL.The only  thing that may bother some listeners about this collection is that some of  the songs are remastered.Some expressed anger towards this,others were  happy with the remixes. This is a CD for all fans of Madonna.If you are not  a Madonna fan, this CD will get you hooked!All the songs on this CD have  something special to offer and fans will really relish them.Madonna is a  unique artist and all her songs display creativity.This is the type of CD  you can hear almost every day!The songs in this collection are never  tiresome and will always remain popular and will truly stand the test of  time!
034538072X|5.0|As an enthusiast of King Henry VIII life and especially his marriage to Anne Boleyn, Ive read many books on the subject...some totally fiction and biographys also.  I would rate this book at the top of my list.  From the first page Ms. Weir held my attention captive..she seamlessly goes from one  wife to the next without flaw.  Even non-history loving readers will enjoy  this tale.  You can almost imagine yourself being charmed by a young King  Henry at his court...then that same emotion would change to apprehension or  even fear as the story of his so complicated life unfolds.  In my opinion,  this book will hold its place for many years to come and be regarded as a  learning tool.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Mr. Satana has a hot one here!  Even though a lot of naysayers do not believe that this album has 7x platinum material on it, I beg to differ.  Carlos Santana is a legend and I think that Wyclef Jean said it best when  he said that Carlos Santana makes that guitar cry.  He is simply awesome  and this is a good addition to any music collection.
B00003CWPR|4.0|I watched it recently with an open mind and found it to be verygood--beautifully shot, well-acted, lovingly created.  While Kubrickhas certainly had better stories to work with in the past, this story held my interest throughout.  And the visuals alone make it worth a rental.  I'd recommend this to anyone interested in the unique, enduring vision of Kubrick or to anyone interested in an off-beat, non-Hollywoodish evening of provocative entertainment.
B00000064G|5.0|I finally found this!  I first heard it on the VW commercial, of all places, and am delighted to have found it at last.  Beautiful.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Edward Norton is the greatest actor of our time. This is his best role since 'American History X'. This was Brad Pitt's best role ever. Don't miss this movie!
0671045857|5.0|My daughter sent me this book for Christmas.  I've been a Stephen King fan for years but had stopped reading his books because I thought he was becoming too grim and blood-thirsty.  I forced myself to start this book  simply because my daughter had sent it to me.  I couldn't put it down until  I had read the whole thing.  Thanks Mr. King for bringing back true  suspense.  Thanks for not having this book become so gory that I wanted to  puke.  Thanks for having the girl survive and come out the heroine!  I was  lost once and had my son lost in the woods and know it can be terrifying;  your mind plays tricks on you.  Thanks for having the heroine a girl, a  young girl, and one who shines -- survives with true grit.
0517122707|4.0|This is a novel people either love or hate, a one star or five star book.  Those who give it one star often state they don't understand why others think it so funny.  I won't pretend to answer for everybody, but I can give  one or two possible explanations for my rating.<br />As revolting as we find  the notion, many of us see a little bit of ourselves in Ignatius J. Reilly.   All of us can be critical of others, thinking ourselves or the  organizations we belong to better than, at least, SOME other person or  individual out there, in a variety of areas(race, religion, politics,  intelligence, morality).<br />Also, many of us have compromised our ideals and  our future hopes &amp; directions as Ignatius has (although he thinks of  himself as a profound writer, his longest-lasting job is as hot dog  vendor).  One of the funniest scenes of the novel is when Ignatius is  negotiating his salary as file clerk.  Believing himself better than the  $60/week salary offered, his interest changes when he finds out his  employer will include bus fare in the offer.<br />Besides the reasons stated  in the pop psychology above, I also enjoyed the novel because of the flow  of the language, the glimpse into an &quot;other class&quot; side of life  we may not be familiar with, and the idiosyncrasies of the characters  brought to life by the author.
0684800713|5.0|somehow, hemmingway managed to create a novel that I loved despite the lack of characters that could be described as remotely likeable.  and despite a strong aversion to bullfights (due to a rather startling  childhood experience) I was caught up in the bullfighting scences, even to  the point where I thought of it as beautiful.  it was an intriguing read,  and I highly reccommend it.  but as has been mentioned, with hemmingway it  seems like you either love him or hate him, and if you hate him you'll  probably find this one more disagreable than most.
0684800713|5.0|somehow, hemmingway managed to create a novel that I loved despite the lack of characters that could be described as remotely likeable.  and despite a strong aversion to bullfights (due to a rather startling  childhood experience) I was caught up in the bullfighting scences, even to  the point where I thought of it as beautiful.  it was an intriguing read,  and I highly reccommend it.  but as has been mentioned, with hemmingway it  seems like you either love him or hate him, and if you hate him you'll  probably find this one more disagreable than most.
B000001GPX|4.0|This is, justly, a famous compilation, and as good an introduction to these, perhaps the most dynamic of Beethoven's symphonies, as you're likely to find - and at mid-price, indeed! Having listened to quite a number of  interpretations of the 5th symphony, I've noticed something very strange.  The transition between the 3rd and the 4th mvts. is a terrific crescendo,  the music growing in volume and speed from next to nothing to an orgasmic  peak at the beginning of the 4th mvt. And this is the strange part: One or  two bars from the crescendo seem to have gone missing in this recording!  The crescendo is shorther and ends abruptly before reaching the final  climax! Surely this must be a mistake by the sound technicians, but  still...<br />Try listening to, say, Furtwngler's interpretation of the 5th.  Here you'll get the full crescendo in the way only he was capable of  getting out of an orchestra.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is one of the best that I have heard!  I have not heard many Santana songs until I got this CD and I must say that I am very impressed with the style of music he plays.  Santana is very talented and I also like  the fact that he also got many artists involved in this CD like Lauryn  Hill.  Overall, this collection of songs has a lot of variety and if other  people buy this CD, they will not regret paying for it.
B00000AFDW|4.0|When it was learned that the original members were to enter the studio once again,rumors ran and expectations were high.Was it worth it?Definitely!This release shows a mature Kiss reclaiming the hard rock  crown once again.PSYCHO CIRCUS blasts out of the blocks with power chords  aplenty and a fantastic Ace solo.The Space Ace makes up for lost time on  his INTO THE VOID; surely his best song since TALK TO ME.Paul recites the  real oath of Kiss fans everywhere I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE STATE OF  ROCK'N'ROLL.The boys bury the hatchet on YOU WANTED THE BEST. Gene goes  mystical on WITHIN.Peter gets his first Kiss ballad since BETH,entitled I  FINALLY FOUND MY WAY TO YOU.While not up to the standard of  DESTROYER,ROCK'N'ROLL OVER and LOVE GUN;this album is certainly worth  buying.I'm gonna miss those guys when they leave us.
B0000028RR|5.0|this lp rule i listening to it right cos its so cool it got the coolest tunes for insteats the mega killing in the name and brill fist full of steel and the moody settle for nothing and the one and the only bullet in  the head. dude if u think u love metal and u don't have this then your a  little wanna be so buy now it does rule
B000002KH3|5.0|Already a great bar band,the ball began to roll for Van halen when Gene Simmons produced their demo.It was only a matter of time before they were signed to Warner Bros.,and VAN HALEN was unleashed on an unsuspecting  world.It was soon apparent that the Eddie Van Halen had tapped {no pun  intended)into a new guitar style and would soon be called a master;and  David Lee Roth had both a sassy attitude and a sonic scream.A rich vein of  humor runs through VH1,and would continue to be visible up until  OU812.Tracks like RUNNIN' WITH THE DEVIL,AIN'T TALKIN''BOUT LOVE,FIRE AND  ATOMIC PUNK crunch with the force of a mack truck;while JAMIE'S  CRYIN',LITTLE DREAMER and a cover of the Kinks classicYOU REALLY GOT ME  show fine pop savy.Need I mention Eddie's classic guitar  solo,ERUPTION! This is ageless hard rock,and a must for any Van Halen fan.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album is this most intriguing form of cooperation between marvels. This album is incredible. These sounds that have been created sometimes sound even better that the originals.  I personaly would recomend this  album to every one, because of it's incredible sounds. Great CD.
B000002KL3|5.0|Van Halen's third album,WOMEN AND CHILDREN FIRST,is the heaviest they have ever been;this album has attitude and a great sense of humor running through it.These boys are having fun;just listen to Dave scat singing on  FOOLS,and the acoustic fooling around on COULD THIS BE MAGIC. Guys,haven't  we all been in situations like those presented on TAKE YOUR WHISKEY HOME  and IN A SIMPLE RHYME?EVERYBODY WANTS SOME ended up on the soundtrack to  BETTER OFF DEAD.Harmonies clash with guitar as per usual.Essential VH  purchase.
B000002H33|5.0|For me it is the jarring syncopation of the rhythm of Battery that defines Metallica's greatness.  This album not only ranks as THE best heavy metal album of all time, but it ranks as one of the greatest pieces of music I  have ever heard.
0395925037|4.0|While Many people have jumped to criticize this book, either from a literary point of view or an ethical one, my area of intrest and expertise was in the impact and lasting impression of Mein Kampf.  While anyone can  mention the horrors of Hitler's reign, Mein Kampf gives the reader an  insight into how Hitler became so spiteful with the State of Post War  Germany.  Filled with insightful (and at often times, somewhat accurate in  their approach)criticism, Hitler truly struggles against the German  sheepherd.  He is a warrior living in the land of the weak, and through his  passion, guts and most of all...action, he predicts his rise out of the  gutter and into the  glory of the German Homeland.    It's intresting to me  to try to figure out where  the facts end and the fiction begins...his  criticism, based on patriotic love and zeal often reveal his desire to  truly bring Germany back to prewar status as a heroic nation....where blood  was truly the fuel of war and bravery.      Being exposed to other WWII  studies including concentration camps and war strategies, I didn't find  this book too utterly shocking.  While people of the Jewish heritage might  feel resentment to this book (they clearly have the right to), try to  remember that this book was written BEFORE WWII, and that might be the most  remarkable fact of all...that a man could write a book, predict the future  and almost singlehandedly acheive it, at the height of political power with  millions to serve him.  If nothing else could be learned from this book,  learn that 1 person has the God given ability to touch the future, whether  he be a force for good or evil. Don't admire Adolf Hitler for what he did  when he came to power, admire him for being a single man who may have risen  higher and impacted more than anyone in this century.  With the combustable  discourse of the White Hate movement of today, this book serves as a  reminder of the energy and drive of a young man whose time in Vienna,  sparked the flame that would impact the world.
B000006XQJ|5.0|It's a shame that the Communards broke up shortly after the release of their second album &quot;Red&quot; because they truly created a very unique sound.<br />Their self-titled first album is a brilliant mix of sounds from up  tempo disco beat in &quot;Don't Leave Me This Way&quot; to a softer quiet  haunting ballad of &quot;Reprise&quot;.  This album features quite a few  hits including &quot;Don't Leave Me This Way&quot;,  &quot;Disenchanted&quot; a powerful song about love and anger, &quot;So  Cold the Night&quot; and &quot;You are My World&quot;.  If you like Jimmy  Somerville's solo stuff how can you pass up on his days with the  Communards.  Jimmy and Richard Cole created a marvelous album here that  should not be forgotten.
0843178434|4.0|The funny thing about all of Roger Hargreaves' Mr. Men and Little Miss storybooks is that in some way or another they remind us of someone we know.  We all know a Little Miss Neat--her neurotic pursuit of cleanliness and obsessiveness with order is quite humourous.
B000002C1Z|4.0|If you want to hear the best PF songs, buy DSOTM or TW because the songs on this thing are the most boring songs of all time.  I always fall asleep during DOGS.  If you're a hardcore Floyd fan, get this, if not, get WYWH or  the previously listed albums.
B000021XS0|5.0|This is one of the best albums I have ever heard. Guitarist John Petrucci has broken new ground with his blistering riffs comperable to Yngwie Malmsteen, Joe Satriani, and Steve Vai.  He goes from full on distortion  and heavy metal licks to beautiful acoustic guitar parts.  Keyboardist  Jordan Rudess incredible.  In some parts he is playing as fast as Petrucci.   The album is beautifully written and produced.  It is actually a play that  has different scenes and acts that could easily be made into a play.
B000002C1X|5.0|HEY YOU, if you have anything negative to say about The Wall, I suggest you RUN LIKE HELL in the other direction before I have ONE OF MY TURNS!
6305750750|1.0|The 'Star Wars' series is quickly evolving into 'Muppets In Space.' Jar Jar Binks - need I say more?  'Star Wars' and 'Empire' were both aimed at general audiences, while 'Return' and 'Menace' were clearly aimed at  5-year-olds. We can only hope that George Lucas remembers his  post-elementary-school demographic and restores some adulthood to the next  two prequels. Otherwise, he might as well just make more Ewok Adventures  for TV and forget about finishing the 'Star Wars' cycle.
0140177396|5.0|I believe that this book is one of the best books I've read so far. I find John Steinbeck's style of writing to be interesting and enjoyable to read. I love the way he makes every chapter seem like a scene in a play. He uses  wonderful detail about everything he mentions. The story in itself is  excellent, also. Within only a few pages, a deep and intriguing story  between two companions develops and shows the reader the power of  friendship. As an added plus, it's short enough to read in a couple of  hours, which is wonderful if you're a busy person. It is truly and  excellent book and I recommend it to everyone.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie is by far the best fantasy film ever.  Jennifer Connelly is a little weak in the acting, but David Bowie and all of the characters certainly make up for it.  With the very detailed costumes,puppets, and  spirited music it is fun to watch fun to listen to.  There is a part or too  where the computer animation is not so great, but overall  it is supurb!   The cd is also another must for all Labyrinth fans. Truely a masterpiece!
B00004R960|5.0|it's better then BE HERE NOW it kicks arse BUY IT NOW
6305603847|5.0|This movie is not only for Pink Floyd fans but for people who enjoy movies that make you think.  First of all, the music on this movie is spectacular and is the absolute best quality on DVD.  The video quality is also very  good.  This film descriptively explains The Wall alblum by Pink Floyd as  well as the intended story: all those background noises, lyrics, and moods  come to life in this film.  It has so much symbolism, euphemism, and other  underlying meanings. I could sit for hours explaining scenes with their  hidden and obscure meanings from it. This film also has great visuals. Many  crowd shots, much creativity, and the use of many different people. There  is also animation that is very very cool. Lots of euphemisms there.  The  drawings really help explain the story and deliver the message better than  actual people could. This movie is so cool and is even better since I love  Pink Floyd. For anyone willing to watch a different kind of movie and  listen to great music at the same time. This film made my emotions and  senses fluctate very frequently. One moment I was scared, another  mesmorized, one I was very pleased, another I was in disgust. It's a movie  worth seeing, and it's so awesome on DVD, high quality sound &amp; picture.  Try this movie, I guarentee you'll like it if you like what I've talked  about so far. (While your at it, try the soundtrack/album...it's very  good.)
0875845851|5.0|If you've managed to develop something you wanna market but your actual customers won't accept it because they don't need it, please don't throw it away! This book will tell you what to do with it before a new competitor (a  start-up company maybe?) grabs it and markets it succesfully to an  emerging-not-discovered-yet base of customers. Do you understand now what's  the innovator's dilemma?
078322687X|5.0|This is one teen movie that don't have any sex or party scene. I like the way John Hughes treated the characters. You see, Molly's character was supposed to be the kind you hate, but I didn't. I also liked the way the  characters opened up with each other even though they know when monday  comes, they will again act as if each other doesn't exist. I also loved the  way John Hughes paired up the characters: John and Claire &amp; Andy and  Allison. I particularly loved the scene where Brian congratulates himself  for making a good essay for Mr. Vernon. Whatever the critics say, The  Breakfast Club is one of the best movies ever made.
0425170349|2.0|I am baffled that any professional editors, or any one who can read for that matter, could give this book a glowing review.  I have read and enjoyed some of Clancy's previous work, but I found myself shaking my head  at the emotionless, flawless and uninteresting characters in this book.   Has Clancy spent any time around real people?  Some of the robotic dialogue  coming from these characters was just plain laughable.<br />As for the plot,  I'll forgive the unrealistic nature of it, and the use of seemingly normal  people as bad-guys who yet have no problem with mass murder.  Was Hitler  that normal?  Anyway, I can put all that aside, but c'mon Tom, at least  entertain me.  The conflict was anti-climactic as hell.  Every  confrontation was resolved without any interesting confrontation.   Throughout the novel, Clancy beat it over the reader's head that these men  were the best -- supermen, but the takedowns were &quot;pure vanilla.&quot;   Not one character on the team did anything unusual.  Our local police  force could have done the same thing.  Are terrorists that stupid?  Almost  all of Rainbow's accomplishments simply fell into their hands without any  clever investigation or strategy.  When Clancy finally let something bad  happen to these guys, he did it to characters we didn't even know.   <br />Would a company that invested ten years and millions of dollars on  eliminating the world population rely on one average Joe to carry out the  most critical part of the plan, with no one there to help him?  I wish they  had given this guy some back-up, maybe then there could have been some  conflict in the scene instead of - Hey buddy, put your hands up. - scene  over.<br />When I read the jacket on this book, I expected to see some  interesting interplay among the Special Op's guys from several different  countries, but I think Clancy forgot there were foreigners on the team.   Either that or he's never met one.   If this seems rough, I admit I'm  bitter.  See, I always finish a book when I start one, and this one was 900  pages
0790733226|5.0|This is the film you have been waiting for
6305718954|5.0|Stigmata is a very dark movie, and as stigmatism is a real phenomenon it gives the film a different angle and more depth.  The direction of the movie is top quality and the music and camera angles at certain junctures  of the film really take you aback.  I personally think that the alternate  ending was a better ending to the film, but mabey I just like gore and  death!  One of the most impressive features of the film is when Frankie is  having these stigmatic turns the camera keeps flicking between her and  Jesus being crucified, this added an edge to the emotion of the whole  event, for Frankie and for the audience. Buy this movie it is sheer class!
0684872153|5.0|My grandfather is a home-child from Ireland. He lived the life of Frankie except for the fact that he didn't have anyone who loved him. His mother met a man when my grandfather was a young boy and he didn't want children  so his mother gave him to an orphanage where he was beaten by nuns and  starved. This book was so true to life. People comment how depressing it is  and so is the movie - Frank McCourt obviously did a wonderful job in  writing his memoirs!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden has done it once again! This sophomore album is a must-have for those who love both upbeat dance songs and slow, emotional ones.  Affirmation and Chained To You are fantastic!
B0000019PA|1.0|What's going on here? I must have missed something in a big way. I read the reviews, saw the comparisons to Sparklehorse (one of my favourite bands), heard it was the greatest 'lo-fi' (isn't everything these days..)  loveliness in ages, so I bought it and...it was really bad! What am I  missing!  The songs don't hang together, the instrumentation is stark and  unfriendly, the guy's voice is NOT great at all..I can get into most stuff  after a while but this really troubled my ears. Anyway, I got my money  back..
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden has done it once again! This sophomore album is a must-have for those who love both upbeat dance songs and slow, emotional ones.  Affirmation and Chained To You are fantastic!
B00003W8NM|1.0|Naturally, there are the people that will hate the movie for its violent content.  I tend not to discriminate when it comes to violent content in movies.  For example, Saving Private Ryan used violence to send a sincere  message.  Unfortunately, I cannot right-mindedly suggest that Fight Club  had the same purposes in mind.  The violence seemed quite sensationalized  and the movie seemed not to emphasize the negative aspect of the 'Fight  Club'.  One example of this sensationalization is when they are destroying  the businesses of various people through mischief.  The music says,  &quot;Laugh, this is funny!&quot; but it is obviously not.  Perhaps the  director went astray from what the author of the book had in mind, because  I saw little seriousness in the subject with which &quot;Fight Club&quot;  supposedly grapples with.
B000002JS8|4.0|ITS TRUE! Shazbot...na noo na noo!
B000002L68|5.0|Prince is the man, period.  This was certainly a defining moment in his career as well.  (FYI- Morado means purple in Spanish)  The 80's were not prepared to deal with the likes of His Royal Badness, the original Rude  Boy.  People didn't know what to think.  It was like they were Godsmacked.   His music and message were so powerful and in your face, that it we all  took notice.  When other bands were choking on their hairspray, or churning  out another made for MTV pop nightmare, Prince was busy changing the face  of music all together.  He produces, he arranges, he composes, and performs  the instruments- WOW!  I loved every aspect of this soundtrack, and the  movie is fly too.  This is an erotic journey into the mind of one of the  most interesting artists ever.  It is a far out place, this  &quot;shangrila&quot; that is Purple Rain.   &quot;Sometimes the world's a  storm.  One day soon it will be bright and peaceful.  No more tears or  pain.  If you believe look to the dawn, and fearlessly bathe, in the Purple  Rain.&quot;  Don't make me send Nikki over there with her magazine-Buy  this! &lt;TOP&gt;
B000002JS6|4.0|Brian Johnson's vocal on the song 'BACK IN BLACK' is possibly the best ever recorded by any singer in any band, EVER! CASE CLOSED.
B000009QPE|5.0|&quot;Reign in Blood&quot; is a sonic holocaust, a withering, brutal, unimaginably grotesque and vile slab of metal. It truly is one of the greatest albums ever, as pure and single-minded and vital as anything ever  recorded before or since. There is much to be frightened of here, for  Slayer takes long, hard looks into human evil that lesser hands would have  bungled. The music is unbelievably fast and without let-up and the lyrics  are a strange poetic of pain, insanity, violence and death.  &quot;Strangulation, mutilation, cancer of the brain,&quot; goes a line in  &quot;Necrophobic,&quot; and make no mistake: you will not get off lightly.  See sights of such vivid monstrosities as to make the most graphic horror  film or novel pale in comparison. The opener track, &quot;Angel of  Death,&quot; is one of the most horrific songs I know. Tom Araya's scream  is hellish in every sense of the word; the following catalog of horrors  depicts the atrocities of Auschwitz, &quot;the meaning of pain.&quot; You  will not soon forget the song's back-breaking bridge, wherein we see all  too clearly the aims of the Nazi doctors.... Every song on here is a  scarred masterpiece, very short and very sharp shocks that slice scalpel  clean. &quot;Jesus Saves&quot; is an outrageous and yet logical screed  against Christianity, which they see as a blight against humanity,  depriving us of dignity, independence and courage. &quot;Raining  Blood&quot; reveals a time when a maniacal despot, crazed with bloodlust  and power, will rule over the world. &quot;Epidemic&quot; starkly details  the ruinous effects of disease and illness as they rampage our bodies.  &quot;Piece by Piece&quot; is a primer for serial murder....<br />Really, this  album is as evil and foul as they come, and it is a work of disturbed  genius. Tom Araya, Jeff Hanneman, Dave Lombardo and Kerry King turn their  instruments up to 11, rage in delight and disgust at the evil that men do,  and give us a mighty work of art that makes strong men tremble.at makes strong men tremble.
B000005JA8|5.0|Among all records I own - quite a few - this is the most difficult to listen to - and I'm including Metal Machine Music and half of Throbbing Gristle's discography. Not for the faint at heart, the exact opposite of  &quot;easy listening&quot;: you need some determination to get into  this.<br />Like modern visual art for the untrained eye, this record may at  first sound like gibberish to the untrained ear (not to say that there  isn't music that *stays* gibberish after repeated listenings - like for  example The Shaggs - which are lots of fun in their own way). This happened  to myself when I first bought it back in 1979. Being stubborn I persevered  and I'm very glad I did.<br />Listening to Trout Mask Replica is - technically  speaking - not unlike watching stereograms, it takes some effort to see the  underlying 3D picture. In the case of stereograms you end up crosseyed,  with a headache and staring at some quite uninteresting picture. When you  &quot;get&quot; this you are rewarded with some of the most beautiful music  ever written.<br />The band ticks on like clockwork, following the multiple -  and sometimes surprisingly catchy - themes with great skill and precision.  Endless streams of notes, carefully assembled following an underlying  master plan slowly unfoil in front the the amazed listener. The Captain  conceived and directed all this - with an iron fist, it seems - but the  contribution of the other members should not be underestimated.<br />All is  very complex, very beautiful and always surprising, after 21 years of  repeated and progressively more frequent listening I still get surprises  and new sensations out of Trout Mask Replica each and every time.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Best box-set I've ever bought...actually have been looking for this for the past two years, and was overjoyed when it was re-released. Listen to &quot;Acoustic Melody&quot; and it'll send chills all the way down your  back. A must-have for all Bob marley fans...
B00000JGOH|3.0|This is a pretty funny movie, but I don't understand why it won for best picture.
0140057242|5.0|I only read one story one I can just say that he is a very good detective.  The story was great and he is a master detective in solving the mysteries.  By the way, I read &quot;The Four Grenadiers&quot;.
B000009VOL|5.0|I don't remember why I bought this cd...but I remember listening to it a few times and forgetting about it very quickly...for some reason  I picked it up again a few months back, and now can fully appreciate it. I must say,  like many others have, this album takes awhile to grow on you, but it IS  beautiful...it's understated, melancholic and unique...I can understand why  others are initially impressed, but trust me, give it time and you will  love this cd.
0060263857|4.0|I really like this book because it is really interesting!  I really like the illustrations.
B00000AFHM|3.0|I bought this cd by the recommendation of a few friends, and I had briefly heard a few tracks and was interested, but now that I own it, I find listening to it a chore...I find the tunes to be a little too sing songy  and flighty, and his voice to be annoying at times, however, I do see  talent in the band and hope that perhaps some of their other albums will  strike a differnt chord with me. I still don't understand the hype...
0671867369|5.0|This book went into great detail on the events that E company went through and told about the camaraderie between the members. I especially like how Mr. Ambrose uses humor at times to lighten the atmosphere and how he goes  into detail on the member's personalities and feelings. Is a must read
B000001FI7|5.0|Well, I know it's lame, but I don't really know what I could say about this band that hasn't been said. They are brilliant, unique, innovative, beautiful...etc..etc...I could go on forever...but I must say, this cd  REALLY is a cd most everyone should own. It is a classic in every sense...I  just can't wait for a new cd...
6305537798|5.0|I am a viable movie critic, seeing as I'm a teen, and this is a teen movie. I see a lot of movies, and this one made such an impact on me! It's not one of those &quot;Like, let's all totally go to the beach&quot; movies  with barbie look-alikes as the girls, and jocks for the guys. It's smart,  modern and HILLARIOUS! It would be a shame to go through life without  seeing this oneof a kind movie. If i was in the Academy, &quot;Oscar  Baby! &quot; Please see this movie, it's GRRREAT!
B000003TSP|5.0|Everything everyone said about the first album, applies to this one. It is equally as brilliant yet still manages to be new and interesting...don't neglect this follow up cd.
B00000IQV6|5.0|Hi,Im an austrian boy in the early eighteen, living in the west of Austria. Like you sure suspect, Robin Williams is the best actor in the whole wide world for me! It doesnt matter if hes playing in &quot; Garp &quot; or in &quot; Mrs. Doubtfire &quot;, hes always an excellent  actor... - enough ( smile! )! Well, I think he as Patch ... thats a nice  combination. This movie tells you about beeing human, and it shows you in a  tender way. Because smiling really helps you, when youre in a bad  situation. Sorry, my english is not so good... After all, I would be very  happy, if someone would write directly to my email-adress (...and should  anyone also be a big fan of Robin,  please answer, because I want to meet fans all over the world! ) Thanks  for reading and until soon!
B0000039QA|5.0|I have to say  out of the two  Notorious B.I.G albums this has to be my favorite..  as  good as his debut Ready For Die is..  This is just an all around better effort a lot more  diverse  then his first one  ..  You have  a little bit of the G-FUNK flavor  on  Going Back To Cali..  You  have the  smooth  rnb grooves of  I Love The Dough, Missing U,  Sky  the Limit..  You  have B.I.G spitting rapid-fire rhymes with  Bone Thugs N Haromony  on  Notorious Thugs..  It also show  maybe  the direction  he was heading in  to with his style of rap..  But if you  havent own this in your collection  You should  own it ..
0140282033|5.0|If you're caught in a bit of twix, with nothing to read, then may I suggest this excellent bounty?  It is produced, not by Mars of Slough, but Joanne Harris of Barnsley, a chef who excels in the art of couverture  chocolate.  Step into her boutique, 'La Celeste Praline', and you'll be  caught unawares by her classy wares.  Chocolat is a novel of great  sweetness, perfect for those who like their confictionary to be well  milked.  For readers with richer palates, however, Harris has also produced  an intoxicating blend of dark chocolate, which is - dare we say it -  extremely 'topic'al.  If you're looking for a few delightful snickers, and  not a lengthy marathon, then this is the novel for you.  It's certainly  richer and more exquisite than the most popular currency of chocolate  bars.<br />  Vianne Rocher arrives in the French village of Lansquenet during  its carnival, a feast before the fast of Lent.  With her is daughter Anouk  (who seems to be named after a chocolate treat), and Anouk's companion, the  mysterious Pantoufle.  Joanne Harris tends to write a lot about alchemy in  connection with cooking (see her excellent new novel, 'Blackberry Wine'),  but Vianne Rocher would seem to have more than culinary skills at her  disposal...  This is especially apparent, though, in her delicious meeting  with Armande Voizin, to which there is more than meets the eye.  'Pantoufle' refers to Charles Perrault's fairy tale of Cinderella, and as  such, could be a subtle hint as to Vianne's true identity...  It would seem  appropriate here to compare Harris' work with that of Kate Atkinson,  especially with regards to her new book, Emotionally Weird.  Atkinson says  that she has been trying to write a fiction with all the richness of Lewis  Carroll's Alice in Wonderland.  But it seems to me that Joanne Harris is  more adept at writing fairy tales - her characterisation is stronger,  certainly.  Whilst Atkinson plays with words, Harris plays with thoughts  and emotions.  Chocolat is full of magic and fairy tales, from the  realisation of a true Gingerbread house, to Vianne's use of Pagan cards and  charms.<br />  It is holy appropriate then, that the conflict and drama within  this novel stems from the masculine Church's opposition to Vianne Rocher  and her culinary work.  It even seems that that Joanne Harris could be  engaging on a narrative in which God the Father and Mother Earth are the  main combatants, featuring their eternal struggle as man and wife.  Father  Reynaud is the country priest who sees danger in Vianne's shop, and the  novel is narrated in the first person by both of these antagonists.  Reynaud relates his tale to the mysterious pere, whilst Vianne muses  greatly on her long lost mother, with both 'parent' appearing to be flawed  in some way.  However, this struggle between the masculine and the feminine  does not become too abstract, since Josephine Muscat has to bear the  bruises in her role as battered wife.  Chocolat has its fair share of  romance, but also contains a swift punch of brutal reality.<br />  Like  Blackberry Wine, Joanne Harris has decided to serve some home truths, along  with the after dinner mints.  The novel deals with thorny issue of  immigration, currently a hot potato in Britain, and the problems of a  population which is growing ever older.  The Pope's recent apologies for  the crimes of Roman Catholicism also resound within.  These issues may be  set in the exotic French countryside, but they still have relevance to us.  Okay, so the richness of the carnivalesque and the mystique of magic  realism have been added to the mixture, but their presence only serves to  add depth, and never confusion.  Vianne has a reluctance to see her fate in  the stars, but this novel has won near universal admiration and is soon to  be made into a film.  It's a fiction which works on so many different  layers, but like a particularly rich cake, there is something within it for  everyone.  The author uses simplewords in her prose, but the combination  of these coarse ingredients is explosive. Harris certainly knows how to  play on our heartstrings, to make us feel for her characters.<br />  Current  medical advice would certainly indicate that Chocolat could play a powerful  part in reducing stress and lowering cholesterol.  It's potent mixture: a  benign, yet provoking stimulant which melts on the tongue.  As for its  aphrodisiac qualities, well, I can hardly say...  But the only  disappointment to be had from Chocolat is that it has to end.ple words in her prose, but the combination  of these coarse ingredients is explosive. Harris certainly knows how to  play on our heartstrings, to make us feel for her characters.<br />    Current  medical advice would certainly indicate that Chocolat could play a powerful  part in reducing stress and lowering cholesterol.  It's potent mixture: a  benign, yet provoking stimulant which melts on the tongue.  As for its  aphrodisiac qualities, well, I can hardly say...  But the only  disappointment to be had from Chocolat is that it has to end.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I bought 3 CD's today, the new Smashing Pumpkins, the new Creed, and this album.  The only one that caught my ear from the beginning is Play and I literally played it the whole way through on my first listen (a rarity for  my MTV addled mind). Great CD!
0671042858|2.0|The world may have teeth, but this novel sure ain't. It's a short story pulled out so long that you begin to wonder when that rotten tooth will finally go. The heroine, Trisha McFarland, is extremely irritating. No,  make that Stephen King's writing. So determined is he to rough and tumble  Trish that she ends up seriously injured before the first 30 pages are up.  Agony after agony is prolonged in this torturous prose. I suppose it's  difficult for a European audience to appreciate this book, since we're not  used to wilderness on an American scale. Neither are we used to baseball. I  was very surprised to learn that the Red Sox play games nearly every night  (I suppose it's closer to cricket than soccer in this way). Even more  astonishing is that Tom Gordon is a real baseball player (according to the  book). I bet his socks are even redder now. Due to King's predilection for  writing about writers, I had expected something more on the lines of King's  recent trip to England, i.e. famous novelist faces his worst nightmare by  being hit in the googlies at Lord's.<br />It's clear quite soon that this  isn't meant to be taken as a horror novel, but even so, I was surprised how  flat a novel by such a highly paid writer could be. Perhaps a little more  mustard could beef up the next bap.
6305508550|5.0|If you work in an office environment or have a stressfull job, this movie rocks... you will point out a dozen thing and go &quot;oooo oooo i know that! &quot;  I now have this DVD playing on a dedicated TV and DVD player  24/7...  Kinda reminds you of Dilbert... Favorite movie of all time...
0375707972|4.0|Bernhard Schlink's novel starts slowly, but gradually pulls you in.  It is an incredibly subtle work.  The reviews on the back of the book make you all too aware that this is a Holocaust novel.  The narrator strikes out any  stereotypical images though, and conveys the various ways in which history  treats its survivors.  Displayed in 'The Reader' is the contrary, agonising  human nature of the perpetrators and their survivors.  Above all, this is a  novel about an extraordinary love affair, which is powerfully erotic.  The  characters are portrayed extremely well: their tragedies become your  tragedies.  You cannot help but feel for them, and walk around in their  shoes.  Although  this story mostly concerns death, it is highly vibrant,  with an exceptional ability to move.  It is also quite timely, for war  wages in Europe yet.  As we now see all too familiar atrocities, and wonder  how people could do such things, and how we could  let them, 'The Reader'  brings a timely message from the past of what the future might bring.  It's  the best novel I've read this year.
0451191153|5.0|The Fountainhead truely captures the essence of capitalism that the founders of America held so dear.  The hero of the novel, Howard Roark, exemplifies the spirit of the self and capitalism.  The ideal he holds dear  is living life for oneself.  Roark says in a trial summation &quot;His  [man's] vision, his strength, his courage came from his own spirit.  A  man's spirit, however, is his self.&quot;  Roark struggles in a mindless  society where humans give their souls to anyone.  The villain is Ellsworth  Toohey, a man who feeds off the weak-minded.  His true ambition is to  control the minds and souls of people so he will be projected to the  forefront of society.  He preaches theorys of altruism and collectivism  which place him at the top of civilization.  Rand uses Roark to refute the  communistic philosophy that destroys man's self.  Roark stands against the  illogical notion of communism that overtook pre and post World War II  Europe and Asia.  The ideas of socialistic practices have penetrated the  minds of Americans and they will be a crucial step towards forfeiting or  preserving freedom.  Roark tries to make this clear for the people who  still have a chance at living life for themselves.
B000002HGD|4.0|While there might me thematic motivations for the periodic instances of the punk/thrash-metal hybrid that occur on Moby's &quot;Everything is Wrong&quot;, it is an unfortunate truth that the songs that exemplify this  mode (ie &quot;What Love&quot;) are not, in and of themselves, well done.   Remove those hardcore pistaches, and what we have is a melancholy,  classically-influenced collection of some of Moby's best, most soulful  offerings.  The album begins (&quot;Hymn&quot;) and ends (&quot;God Moving  Over the Face of the Waters&quot;, &quot;When it's Cold I'd Like to  Die&quot;) in the gorgeous, blissed-out heaves and sighs of synthesizers;  &quot;When it's Cold I'd Like to Die&quot; is my nominee for Moby's best  work to date.  On the whole worthwhile, but spotty.
B000000H66|5.0|That pretty much sums it up. This is, without a doubt, the best metal CD I have ever heard. The only other stuff ive heard that even comes close is &quot;The Jester Race&quot; by In Flames, and of course, Death's other  albums. If you like any kind of metal at all, buy this. Just hearing the  samples isnt enough, the full songs are mandatory listening for any metal  fan.
6301796535|2.0|When a movie this bad does as well as it did, it boggles the mind. It shows the cream does not rise to the top, because Eric Roberts is a brilliant, charismatic actor, but it was his bland bland sister Julia who  became the movie star of their family with this film. I read that after  seeing this movie, girls from around the world flew into L.A. to try  prostitution in order to marry a billionaire! I hope that isn't true. But  it's people dumb enough to do that who would be dumb enough to like this  movie.
0380796090|3.0|But, I just couldn't do it.  I wanted to love it...I went in with great expectations and high hopes but, it just didn't do it for me.  There were moments of greatness but, in the end I was really disappointed.  It's  really not worth the time or effort.  There are lots of other great books  out there...find those instead.
6305648522|4.0|What a wonderful, beautiful film &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot; is. The story of a lifelong friendship between a young boy, Salvatore, and Alfredo, the projectionist in a small Italian village cinema. Years later, Salvatore,  reflects upon those far away times, and the people he left behind to follow  his dream. I watched the film in Italian, and found it a delight, though  I'm sure the subtitles don't do justice to the original screenplay. There  are lessons to be learnt in this film, about love, friendship and the  choices we make in life. The DVD contains a number of useful extras,  including an English language track. Image quality was above average, and  though the soundtrack is simple Dolby Stereo, I don't feel it detracts too  much from the overall package. The musical score by Ennio Morricone is a  joy. In summary, if you enjoy heartwarming, bittersweet films, then you're  sure to love &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot;.
0140177396|5.0|My name is Mandy Hedgepeth and I am a junior at Saint Mary's School in Raleigh, NC.  My english class just completed &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot;, by John Steinbeck.  I thouroughly enjoyed this fascinating book.  It shows  a relationship between two very different people.  Their adventures kept me  on the edge of my seat at all times.  The love these two men have for each  other is remarkable.  George and Lennie go through alot together and  because of this their friendship becomes greater.  In the end George is  forced to decide how much he really loves Lennie.  His choice, in my  opinion, shows his love more than anything.
B00000634L|5.0|When you first listen to &quot;Glee&quot; it seems unusual because it does not follow any specific formula. You can't easily label this under any &quot;hip&quot; category because it doesn't even try to be cool. Instead  the album concentrates on fusing the artistic creativity of all the members  that comprise the BV3 collective. Throughout the album, &quot;Glee&quot;  combines a trip-hop flow with different combiniations of rap, alternative,  and other various styles of music.  After I listened 3 times I became  addicted. The texture of the music is so rich, intricate, and eclectic that  my apprecation grows each time I listen to it.
B00000K19E|5.0|I came out of the cinema with my friends and we all looked at each other and said &quot;Wow&quot;. So I just had to get it on DVD. I wasn't disapointed.
B00003OSSL|3.0|The premise is great, it starts off with a lot to offer and great potential.  The movie never seemed to get off the ground.  There are parts that seem to be missing (maybe they are on the editing room floor) and many  issues left unfinished.  It also seemed like they just suddenly decided to  end the movie. It was like the last 30 minutes was rushed.  It just felt  like something was missing and there needed to be more.....  Both  Kristen Scott Thomas and Harrison Ford are great in this movie.  Bonnie  Hunt also steps away from her usual comedic performances to make a great  dramatic performance. Worth renting, but not one to add to the video  collection.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana has done it again!   Smooth is THE best song on the CD, but almost all were great!  The only one I thought could go was the Lauryn Hill one.  Who wants to hear Lauryn Hill rap with Santana? (My opinion,  remember!)  I give this album 5 stars for its great music and awesome  lyrics.  Kudos to Rob Thomas for writing the music and lyrics... kudos to  Santana for playing it all!
B00000064G|5.0|I first heard this song while living in a hotel, with no no friggin' computer.  I knew that &quot;pink moon&quot; was too good to just be some jingle.  such a beautiful a song, such a beautiful voice. If anyone out  there reading this likes this album, look into David Gray.
B00003CWPR|2.0|Stanley Kubrick's &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a disaster but one that only it's legendary director could have made.  I was intrigued when I found out that Kubrick had used Schnitzler's &quot;A Dream Story&quot; for his  source material.  In this short story, Schnitzler very gracefully  orchestrates a journey between the conscious world of a successful doctor  (Fridolin) and the dream-like world he moves into during his nighttime  odyssey.  There his combined feelings of sexual jealousy and sexual terror  lead him to imagine (or to overreact to) a menacing masked ball that he's  secretly gained entrance to.<br />What's wonderful about the Schnitzler story  is that it has the pull and logic of a dream - situations are not  resolvable or explicable and yet the action is guided by some unknowable  force.  It's a delicately etched mystery (what happens to the costumer's  daughter? who are the masked ball partipants? who is the dead girl?) that  Schnitzler conjures and dispels without tying up loose ends.  Much like the  &quot;Nighttown&quot; chapter in Ulysses, the characters that Fridolin  encounter seem as much as projection of his subconscious fears and desire  as they do actual people. <br />Very few directors have ever been able to  successfully merge dream worldswith the actual one and, sorry, Kubrick  isn't one of them. &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; doesn't have the graceful  lyricism of &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; nor the haunting starkness of  &quot;Persona&quot; nor the surreal comic touches of &quot;Belle de  Jour&quot;  <br />It is as stitled and unconvincing a film as &quot;The  Shining&quot; and for much the same reasons. Since Kubrick keeps us at a  clincal distance from his characters - especially the poorly conceived Tom  Cruise doctor - the viewer can never really associate the nighttime odyssey  with anything that's supposed to be going on inside his head. And  consequently, Cruise's nighttime odyssey seems all too arbitrary - even the  masked balldoesn't make much sense - and, what is worse, even moralistic  (good sex is staying at home, bad sex is Satanic orgies).  Worse still,  Kubrick corrupts the mystery in Schnitzler's novella - the costumer's  mysterious clients in Schnitzer become two Asian buffoons in  &quot;Eyes&quot;, the fate of the pianist is explained in the movie and  Kubrick links the woman in the morgue with the orgy (never done in  Schnitzler).  For a film that wants to put us in a dream world, Kubrick  cancels out all the mystery that might have engaged us (imagine, for  instance, in the last scene, when Nicole tells Tom that there's something  they must do right away: how much more enticing it would have been if  Kubrick cut to the credits before she gave her answer). <br />Far worse than  the material's outdatedness is the fact that Kubrick, rather than accepting  the challenge that it presented, subjected the story to the Full Kubrick  Treatment. The visuals are superb and Kubrick handles the camera like a  master but his Olympian approach to filmmaking is wholly inappropriate  here.  Those who like Kubrick's work (as I generally do) probably see this  as a masterpiece because he's given his standard treatment to a wholly new  subject matter; I was rather hoping that &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; would  mark a departure for Kubrick, a recognition that not everything could be  rationalized and explained under his critical gaze.  Instead of  appreciating Schintzler's nuances and rhythms, he kills them and drains the  life out of the story and &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; consequently is like a  beautiful corpse lying in the morgue.
6305750750|3.0|This wasn't the disaster that some are claiming, but it's certainly a disappointment.  My main problems were (of course) Jar Jar, and the so-called biological description of The Force.  Lucas has dug himself a  hole on explaining that one.  Oh, and Anakin's blind destruction of the  space station near the end was just plain stupid.<br />Actually, the plot  itself wasn't bad, since it does tie in to the rest of the  &quot;story&quot;.  But the lack of any substantial character development  was a major weakness.  All will be forgiven if Episode II is better, which  means it must have some of the characters actually feeling something.<br />I  want Episode II and III to be made for those of us in our late 20s and 30s  who grew up with Star Wars.  If Lucas wants to make movies for the ten year  olds, he should start a new saga  (Jar Wars perhaps?)
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica is still on of the best cds ever made. it starts slow and good but by the end with not a really noticable change it goes to fast and hard core rock. if you don't like my review e-mail me yours at  irmscott@hotmail.com
6304316267|3.0|Somewhat amusing.  Best thing about the movie were the two women in the Lambourghini with the tight outfits.
0783225970|5.0|i have seen scarface about 17 time, and i'm not sick of it.the movie was very well made and casted, with some of the best actors i know, with a grate story..very realistic. the clothings and the language are what they  really are in the real world..its as if you were living his life...its a  good movie..there is nothing i can say...if i were you and havn't seen  it...you are missing a lot..go home and watch it now..
B00001OH1S|3.0|The Thomas Crown Affair Soundtrack (1999) has some true musical highlights including the obvious Sting version of &quot;Windmills of Your Mind,&quot; which was a remake of a song found in the original movie.  Another  highlights include George Cordandt's &quot;Caban...&quot; and Bill Conti's  piano theme found on tracks 5, 6, 8, and 9.  The main drawback to this cd  is it's short length.  There are quite a number of songs missing from the  film including the music of the heist, as well as the big band number from  the dance sequence between Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo.  Still a good  album, and worth a buy from any fan of the film.
1570427496|5.0|The book is a MUST read! I am 13 years old and I enjoyed this book throughly. The love between the two characters is amazing. The way Landon sticks with her through her Cancer shows how much he really loves her. I  laughed and I cried more that I have in any other book before.
0140177396|5.0|My name is Anna Avera, and I am writing this review for my eleventh grade english class.  I thought that the book Of Mice and Men was a thrilling, two thumbs up work of art.  I couldn't put it down.  I learned alot from  the companionship of Lennie and George, and realized how important my  friends and family are to me.  Lennie was the cutest thing, he made me  laugh through the whole book, I just wanted to squeeze him and give him a  huge hug.  And the poor thing never got to tend to his rabbits.   I did  think that the ending was sad and I hated that Lennie had to die, but the  way that the author demonstrated George's purpose for doing what he did  showed how much he really did love Lennie.  He wouldn't let anyone else  hurt him.  This book is a book that should be read by everyone.  I think it  can teach all people something about life and how fortunate some people are  more than others.   This is a spectacular book, and Steinbeck has shown a  great strength through his work.  It was very easy to understand and follow  along.  THe sentence structure and detail made everything happen.  I felt  as if I was actually there in some parts of the book. I almost want to  think that Steinbeck had some experience in what he wrote, because he seems  to know alot about what he writes.  I loved this book alot more than any  other book I have ever read and I will be sure to put this book on the top  of my request list.
B000002G87|5.0|Before Eric Clapton became God, he used to earn a living making first-rate rock and blues music. I don't agree that Eric is the greatest guitarist of the century. The quality of his output is spotty (how many of Clapton's  failed releases can you find in the cutout bin?).<br />Often Clapton's  inspiration (or lack of) is a reflection of those around him. Here, Clapton  and the Dominoes form an ideal team. Although Clapton is the writer,  composer and lead guitarist, Layla and Others Assorted Loves Songs is not  an Eric Clapton solo album. All the band members have equal billing. Duane  Allman's guitar work radiates on `I Looked Away,' `Anyday' and `Thorn Tree  In The Garden'. Bobby Whitlock's leads songs such as `Anyday' with his  keyboard creativity. And Jim Gordon's understated drumming provides a solid  back-beat.<br />I also appreciate the underproduced sound of Layla rather than  a more polished post-production piece. Layla isn't pristine: the overall  sound is similar to that of a live jam session. And evident on all the  songs is the camaraderie and support of the band members. `Bell Bottom  Blues,' `Have You Ever Loved A Women,' and `Little Wing' are heartbreaking.  Layla is one of Clapton's finest hours.
0140177396|5.0|My name is Anna Avera, and I am writing this review for my eleventh grade english class.  I thought that the book Of Mice and Men was a thrilling, two thumbs up work of art.  I couldn't put it down.  I learned alot from  the companionship of Lennie and George, and realized how important my  friends and family are to me.  Lennie was the cutest thing, he made me  laugh through the whole book, I just wanted to squeeze him and give him a  huge hug.  And the poor thing never got to tend to his rabbits.   I did  think that the ending was sad and I hated that Lennie had to die, but the  way that the author demonstrated George's purpose for doing what he did  showed how much he really did love Lennie.  He wouldn't let anyone else  hurt him.  This book is a book that should be read by everyone.  I think it  can teach all people something about life and how fortunate some people are  more than others.   This is a spectacular book, and Steinbeck has shown a  great strength through his work.  It was very easy to understand and follow  along.  THe sentence structure and detail made everything happen.  I felt  as if I was actually there in some parts of the book. I almost want to  think that Steinbeck had some experience in what he wrote, because he seems  to know alot about what he writes.  I loved this book alot more than any  other book I have ever read and I will be sure to put this book on the top  of my request list.
B00000JKH2|5.0|That's right folks. Christ almighty, these texas boys have already toured with Rage Against the Machine. Nowhere to go but up.
6300217019|3.0|It has been sufficiently praised the whole crew's work in Schrader's interesting thriller, not to mention the filmmaker's ability to deal with an expensive production (headed by recent Armaggedon's self proclaimed pop  corn movie producer Jerry Bruckheimer.) It was all in the screenplay. Even  though Schrader had made his directorial debut a couple of years before  &quot;American Gigolo&quot;, with &quot;Blue Collar&quot;, his career had  been catapulted by the happy writting experiences with &quot;The  Yakuza&quot; (directed by Sidney Pollack) and, above all, &quot;Taxi  Driver&quot;, movies that dealt with characters that seek some form of  redemption, particularly thoughout violence. This seems interesting when  Schrader's biggest influence has been (along with Martin Scorsese) outcast  french filmmaker Robert Bresson. In the fifties, this auteur was forced to  manage sounds and acting in a totally different way as it was never before  done in world cinema, avoiding theatrical performances and camera movements  that could distract the audience from the stillness and the subtle vitality  of the actors. (In fact, Bresson denied the use of the word  &quot;actor&quot;, and prefered &quot;models&quot;. He said that, as a  director, he wasn't interested in what the model could show, but in what he  could hide, pretty much as in real life: we are always careful not to show  all aspects of our personalities). Therefore, his work, that portrays so  vividly that &quot;inaccesibility&quot; have stood the test of time. When  Paul Schrader was a film critic, he lounged for a new kind of cinema that  would express feelings with concern, honesty and craftamship. It was when  he saw Bresson's film &quot;Pickpocket&quot; that, he confessed, he could  not write about any other film. Bresson's movie narrates the misadventures  of a would be burglar who uses his time and his energy in robbing people's  money, putting it into practice as an art. In the story, there are also a  girl and a policeman, and in the end, the main character ends in jail only  to realise, in an unforgettable finale, that he has fallen in love. When  &quot;American Gigolo&quot; was released it was no secret that Schrader had  planned some sort of homage for his movie hero. Concessions were made of  course, and the stylish production of the misadventures of a male  prostitute, in a story that includes a policeman and a girl, were met by  favorable reviews that took &quot;American Gigolo&quot; as &quot;the  portrait of a 'call boy' as a bressonian victim&quot; and negative points  of view as well. One of these critical reviews considered, not without  justification, that the ending of &quot;American Gigolo&quot;, which  practically is the same of &quot;Pickpocket&quot;, was redundant and  vulgar. Schrader had made a thriller about an existencialist crisis, about  the urge for a spiritual exit (simbolized by the unconditional love of the  senator's wife for Richard Gere's character, Julian, who, by the way, is  very convincingly acted) and, therefore, about the pursuit for purity.  Beauty and purity are what the main character of &quot;Pickpocket&quot;  looks for (in the strangest way: through crime), and ultimately finds it  with unconditional love. But the final sequence in Schrader's film doesn't  quite fit with Bresson's theme in &quot;Pickpocket&quot;, where, due to the  repetitive images, subtle performances, and strategic extracts of music,  the final redemption throughout pure love goes right to the point.  &quot;American Gigolo&quot;, with its comercial looks, its performances  (which are far from the austerity of Bresson),and one or two images of  sexual abandon (between Julian and the senator's wife) which I find of very  poor taste, sums an interesting display of hollywood professionalism that  could have turned into a cheesy movie, if it wasn't for Schrader's genuine  affection and enthusiasm for cinema, and Robert Bresson. If any of you is a  fan of Schrader'smovie, and gets a chance to see &quot;Pickpocket&quot;,  don't miss it. It's interesting to establish a comparison between the two  movies, even more when &quot;American Gigolo&quot; is a worthly effort to  watch.
B000006045|5.0|The CD in itself is incredible, but the most amazing song on the CD has to be Exchange.  Exchange is the smoothest track on the entire CD and makes driving a dangerous occupation while the music puts in another world  temporarily.  I am still listening to this CD after having it for 1+ years  now.
B00000DCHI|4.0|I don't know who chose the songs for this CD collection, but I don't agree at all. At least two songs must be in this collection, &quot;Honesty&quot; and &quot;James&quot;, the CDs have enough time-space for this songs, and  two more, maybe of the CDs &quot;Turnstyles&quot;, &quot;52nd Street&quot;,  &quot;An innocent man&quot; or &quot;Songs from the attic&quot;), but don't  includes this or another BEST songs of BJ. This double CD, plus the vol 3,  are good (only GOOD). I hope that the Vol. 4 will have this and another  real GREATEST, besides the on-time BJ's hits (be wise, BJ's Record  Company!. BILLY, YOU CAN DO IT ! ).
B00003Q438|5.0|Guess it is because I'm rating a &quot;5 stars&quot; for this one the day I'm ordering the DVD. To be honest when I was buying my system, Abyss was the first film in my mind for a terrific watch - unfortunately it was  released 1.5 years later. Anyway I'm sure it'll worth the wait and my  advise to anyone who has a like for fantastic films is to &quot;get this  one&quot;, watch it!
B00000253N|5.0|Maybe because it's the first Bob Dylan album I ever bought, but &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot;, in my opinion, is his best work--and that's saying a lot considering his tremendous output in the last forty  years.  Mostly regarded for his brilliant lyrics, which this album  showcases brilliantly, Dylan's melodies are equally great here.   <br />Listening to it recently, I am still amazed at how &quot;Simple Twist of  Fate&quot; continues to break my heart and &quot;Shelter from the  Storm&quot; reassures it after so many listenings.  If you are searching  for one definitive Dylan album and would like to skip a greatest hits  collection, you can't do wrong with this album.  Once you're hooked on  Dylan's artistry, proceed to &quot;Blonde on Blonde,&quot; &quot;Highway 61  Revisited,&quot; &quot;Bringing It All Back Home&quot;, etc.
6303168507|4.0|This wasn't the greatest movie about the Holocaust ever made, but this trajedy that happened was depicted well enough in the movie.
6305750750|5.0|I liked Phantom Menace alot. I went to it thinking it would just be an introduction to the new trilogy with no real story or anything. But it had a story! And I thought all of the characters were played good by the  actors. Except for Anakin, yes the actor who played him was only a kid. But  there have been other kid actors who could act alot better than he did.  (The kid in Jurasic Park, ET, Sixth Sense, not saying any of them should  have played Anakin, but kids that could act.) And I liked Jar Jar Binks.  The special effects were great in this. I can't wait till they put this on  DVD. The CGI chracters were all great, Watto was good, and the puppets were  all good too (I thought Yoda looked very good, I don't know why people said  he looked fake.) Even if you didn't think this was very good, I think you  will be happy you buy it or at least see it for when the next two come out,  it may be more important then. And another thing, people are trying to  compare this to the old trilogy and saying it isn't as good. I don't think  you can compary it to that one. It's a whole new trilogy, whole new saga,  and yes it is differn't from the old one. And if you didn't like it, just  let the new generation like it, and try to remember how it was when you saw  Star Wars for the first time in theatres twenty years ago. Summary: Great  special effects. Good story. Good acting. Good CGI/Puppets characters. May  the Force be with you.
6302877849|5.0|In the post-Apocalypse outback, a bitter former road cop aids a band of good folks fighting barbarous outlaws for the fuel needed to create a new beginning.  Exciting, atmospheric film with ample violent action.   Sometimes presented on TV with an overdubbed &quot;Americanized&quot;  opening and closing  narration, which is laughably inferior to the  original.  Not just a superior action film, but a thought-provoking and  oddly sensitive work as well.  Often imitated, never duplicated.  Highly  recommended.
B00001R3HX|4.0|Maybe Amazon might have corrected their error by the time you read this, but just in case they haven't, please note that &quot;Up The Downstair&quot; does not consist of the 17 tracks above. The tunestack is  as follows: 1.What You Are Listening To 2. Synesthesia 3. Monuments Burn  Into Moments 4. Always Never 5. Up The Downstair 6. Not Beautiful Anymore  7. Siren 8. Small Fish 9. Burning Sky 10. Fadeaway. Tracks 1, 3 and 7 are  short &quot;transitional&quot; passages, while the title track and  &quot;Burning Sky&quot; are ten minute epics. The remainder of the album  consists of tracks between 3 and 5 minutes in length.<br />With &quot;Up The  Downstair,&quot; Porcupine Tree (actually still Steven Wilson at this  point. The &quot;band&quot; Porcupine Tree would not evolve until &quot;The  Sky Moves Sideways&quot;) consolidated their position as one of England's  leading post-progressive (not &quot;neo&quot; progressive) rock groups.  Their debut album &quot;On The Sunday of Life&quot; had pointed to their  influences, notably Syd Barrett era Pink Floyd, but with &quot;Up The  Downstair,&quot; Porcupine Tree began combining rock's old avant garde with  the contemporary sounds of 90's music.<br />Pink Floyd looms large over this  album - but only as a launching pad. Wilson deftly combines techo and dance  beats, trance and acid house textures as well as ethnic percussion into his  Floydian dreamscapes. Had they received the backing of a major record  label, both &quot;Synesthesia&quot; and the title track would have become  the ambient/dance classics they deserve to be. &quot;Always Never&quot; is  a brilliantly realised song that moves through an array of moods and tempos  without a single mis-step. &quot;Not Beautiful Anymore&quot; is an  energetic guitar piece with a great vocal sample. The immaculate ballad  &quot;Fadeaway&quot; serves as a satisfying closure to the album.<br />So why  only 4 stars? Simply because &quot;Up The Downstair&quot; hardly does  justiceto the inspiring recording sessions that produced this album.  Wilson himself must have realised this, for not long after this album's  release, he put out a 30 minute EP titled &quot;Staircase Infinities&quot;  which contained music from the same sessions. That EP follows through and  completes the ideas pursued on &quot;Up The Downstair.&quot;  &quot;Staircase Infinities&quot; is now out of print, but those who do  manage to track it down will be well rewarded.<br />&quot;Up The  Downstair,&quot; released in 1993, certainly established Porcupine Tree as  a force to be reckoned with. Since then, Porcupine Tree have investigated a  number of new musical avenues, and along with Djam Karet and Ozric  Tentacles, the band are one of the brightest hopes for progressive rock as  it heads into the 21st century.
B000023VR6|5.0|2001 is da bomb'... Dre is back... and back wit a BANG!   The songs: the next episode, is the best... it has a sweet beat.  Forgot about Dre is awesome, along with the tribute to his brother (#22, the message)  it is a  great cd, hot new songs and great meanings
B00003Q438|5.0|Few other &quot;Special Edition&quot; discs get you as intimately familiar with a film and the film-making process as this new DVD does, though the laser disc collector's edition of TERMINATOR 2: JUDGEMENT DAY comes awful  close.  Now you fortunate DVD-player owners can get for about $30-$40  dollars what we laser disc owners shelled out $100 for years ago, plus  more.  A heart-pounding movie, beautifully and intricately shot under  nearly impossible circumstances (it wasn't nicknamed &quot;The toughest  shoot in film history&quot; for nothing).  Part military action thriller,  part love story, and all impressive, THE ABYSS SPECIAL EDITION on DVD gives  you both the theatrical version and expanded version of the movie (even the  laser disc only had a one-version option), documentaries (the longer one is  not to be missed), and enough bonus features to monopolize your entire day.   It can really take the whole afternoon and evening to see it ALL.   Granted, at 171 minutes the expanded version is a bit cumbersome at times,  but by then you are so engrossed you don't mind.     We've all seen  good-looking special effects movies undermined by a so-so script or lame  acting.  But THE ABYSS delivers where it counts -- solid performances and  an often tense script. This is the version to own.  All other versions and  formats of this film pale in comparison - even the expensive laser disc  version.  For what you'll pay for this disc you get much more than your  money's worth.  This collection sets a new standard for discs with bonus  features.  And if you enjoyed THE MATRIX for how it took full advantage of  your surround-sound system, this disc will also please.  Make sure your  subwoofer is turned on.
B00003CWPR|2.0|I assume the excessive amount of nudity was to compensate for the absence of an interesting story.  At times, the movie progressed soooo slow that even someone with an attention deficit disorder wouldn't have missed  anything.
0679409866|4.0|I first read Jane Austen as a freshman in college, reading PRIDE AND PREJUDICE in one fabulous day, a singular feat for me.  I can only add my voice to those praising her works, which are deceptively unpretentious and  straighforward.  This one, late in her career, is a bit complicated at  first with a myriad of relatives and relationships.  But at its core it is  a mature portrait of social pressures on women, focused on an intelligent  and wise and loving woman who finds a man equal to her.  It is not merely a  good story, not merely proto-feminist, not merely a satire... it is all of  those, and a lovely read.
6305750750|5.0|This is the GREATEST MOVIE EVER!  Man you all need to go and see it or buy it on tape.  Most people love it but some don't but you know what!  Forget the people who have bad reviews on it.  This movie has a GREAT plot!  It is  loaded with dramatic, fast past, fantastic CGI, and so on.  WOW is all I  have to say.  I have been a Star Wars fan my entire life and the movies  keep on getting better. Admit it (the people that put it down) you all know  you loved it.  I think that these people didn't like the hip and hated the  movie for that.  Oh well at least I liked it!
6304613199|4.0|Like always, The Lost World can't compare to the original but it's not a bad sequal. Many of best characters from the original have been left out. Ian's daughter is a character that upset the story a little bit. It seems  like she was added into the script and she doesn't fit. But the movie still  has excellent action sequences and special effects. Spielberg does it  again! Where is Jurassic Park 3?
B00003Q438|5.0|Few other &quot;Special Edition&quot; discs get you as intimately familiar with a film and the film-making process as this new DVD does, though the laser disc collector's edition of TERMINATOR 2: JUDGEMENT DAY comes awful  close.  Now you fortunate DVD-player owners can get for about $30-$40  dollars what we laser disc owners shelled out $100 for years ago, plus  more.  A heart-pounding movie, beautifully and intricately shot under  nearly impossible circumstances (it wasn't nicknamed &quot;The toughest  shoot in film history&quot; for nothing).  Part military action thriller,  part love story, and all impressive, THE ABYSS SPECIAL EDITION on DVD gives  you both the theatrical version and expanded version of the movie (even the  laser disc only had a one-version option), documentaries (the longer one is  not to be missed), and enough bonus features to monopolize your entire day.  It can really take the whole afternoon and evening to see it ALL.  Granted, at 171 minutes the expanded version is a bit cumbersome at times,  but by then you are so engrossed you don't mind.  We've all seen  good-looking special effects movies undermined by a so-so script or lame  acting.  But THE ABYSS delivers where it counts -- solid performances and  an often tense script. This is the version to own.  All other versions and  formats of this film pale in comparison - even the expensive laser disc  version.  For what you'll pay for this disc you get much more than your  money's worth.  This collection sets a new standard for discs with bonus  features.  And if you enjoyed THE MATRIX for how it took full advantage of  your surround-sound system, this disc will also please.  Make sure your  subwoofer is turned on.
B00001NFCY|1.0|1st you take two parts Pearl Jam add one part Alice-in-Chains, strip out the soul, round off the edges to make radio friendly and what do you have?  Yes Creed...  For those who were upset that Pearl Jam decided to evolve  their music we have recycled the album &quot;TEN&quot; in two new versions.   &quot;Human Clay&quot; and &quot;My Own Prison&quot;.  <br />Can Scott please  vary his vocal style just a little, it is making me sick.<br />Just goes to  show that good music can evolve but good taste takes much longer, thus we  need Creed<br />Fear the Mullet!
B000000WJZ|5.0|I just can't say enough about this album! If you are a fan of good music, you absolutely must have it. Siamese Dream is a diverse album with songs ranging from angry to sweet and melodic or a combination of both. Amazing  songwriting here, as well as great drumming and guitar playing. Simply put,  it's indescribable...just buy it and hear for yourself! You won't regret  it...
630416923X|5.0|If you are a BEATLES fan, or just discovering the band, you are going to LOVE this!
B000002UAC|5.0|For those who have only heard this in the weak mono issue that we live with today, it does the Beatles music an injustice. If there is anyone out there that agrees with me please email me at   rainman@access1.net.  Even  though the older version of stereo is not the answer, it is still more  powerful than the drab mono releases. I am fortunate to own stereo versions  of the first four British releases on CD. And until these are remastered  there will be some Beatles fans that will be missing out owning the mono  issues.
B00003Q438|5.0|Well what can I say!  I saw this film 11 years ago at the cinema, I was only 13, and I loved every minute of it.  I was however left a little confused as to what part the aliens in the film actually play.  Then I saw  the Special Edition and understood it completely.  The film as it was was a  brilliant piece of film making, as it stands now it's a masterpiece.   Wonderful camera work and superb effects.  100 times better than Titanic,  Jim make more like this one.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I love Cher's music. With her new CD &quot;Believe&quot; I think she has hit an all time high. All 10 song tracks are wonderful. The songs &quot;All Or Nothing&quot; and &quot;Strong Enough&quot; are great. It seems like the  older she gets the better she gets.
B00003CWPR|5.0|This movie is a great movie.  It tells a unique story in a unique way that some will love and understand and others will find slow and confusing.  My only beef with the movie is not releasing the directors cut on DVD.  Show  us the movie as it was orriginally made.  I believe that the editing of the  orgy scene disrupts some of the artistic integrity of the film and it takes  a little off of the punch that the film delivers.  This is Kubricks final  film and I believe one of his best and like the people in England I believe  that America deserves to see the unedited version.  However if you want to  see this film the edited scenes take little away from the story but we  should have the choice to see it either way.
6304211740|1.0|It's sad to see a great director miss his mark so badly but this version of Jane Eyre is all visual beauty without any of Bronte's deeply vivid emotionalism or intelligence. Charlotte Gainsburg might have been perfect  casting; she looks quite right... but what happened to the chemistry that  should have been almost suffocatingly pulling her to Rochester? There's  absolutely no magic or high-sizzle tension between this Rochester and  Jane... and no Jane Eyre can survive without that. William Hurt is a very  poor casting choice for Rochester; he's good at intelligent, cool,  ambiguous roles; but he can't be wildly Victorian-gothic at all. Rochester  here seems to have no desperate need for his Jane; he sleepwalks through  his lines. With all the money that was obviously spent on enchanting views  and opulent costumes, it's a shame that no one looked hard at the flat  screenplay and passive, uninvolved acting (Paquin as young Jane is an  exception). This movie makes me think Zeffirelli got too old to remember  what passion feels like. His young Romeo &amp; Juliet of the '60s were so  very emotionally involved with each other; what happened to Rochester and  Jane, who should have been just as caught up in their emotional destiny?  I'm very sorry this pretty-but-flat piece missed Bronte's whole point.  Please consider watching the Timothy Dalton/Zelah Clarke version to get a  real feel for the intensity of the story and for the characters. This  Zeffirelli version is just stale Hollywood champagne.
0312853238|5.0|This book really makes you feel sorry for Ender. It gets you inside his head and you know how he thinks and everything, even when it doesn't tell you what he is thinking, you know what is going through his head. I can  guarunty that 99% of the people who read this book will love it. This  masterpiece by Orson Scott Card will be remembered by me for all of my  life. Read this book or you will have really missed out. If you read this  book I would read Ender's Shadow before you start Children of the Mind.
B000002U6E|4.0|I have mixed feelings about this CD. For one, I like it very much because I like Enigma (or Michel Cretu, for that matter). On the other hand, though, I was a bit disappointed because it is really nothing dramatically  new. I had hoped to get a CD with different sounds. Nevertheless a great  buy for Enigma fans (or for those who want to become one).
B000002U82|5.0|I highly recommend this album to everyone--definately one of the greatest albums of all time.
0140277447|3.0|Like the author's family, my own family survived the horror of the Nanjing Massacre (as known in Chinese), and the accounts I have heard from relatives all pointed to a much more macabre picture than Miss Chang paints  in her good book.  The way the Japanese army soldiers (many of whom, I  should point out, came from Korea and Taiwan) committed the atrocities were  simply unheard of.  Having lived in Japan for a few years, I can clearly  see how the Japanese mentality is pre-disposed toward cruelty -- just  witness all the S&amp;M movies out of Japan, which are ten times as sick as  anything you find here in America.
B000005ZGZ|5.0|i felt obligated to write a review for this album being that it is my favorite album by my favorite band (and having read the moronic reviews preexisting).  FUGAZI is amazing.  they do things that no ther band could  possibly imagine.  END HITS is their best example.  whether or not you like  their music you have to respect them.  they owm their own label, sell their  cds dirt cheap, only play shows that are all-ages and cost six dollars  (inflation) including tons of benefit shows, developed their own style that  no one has been able to match since, release seven great albums that many  FUGAZI fans disagree on which one is their favorite, play incredible live,  etc, etc, etc...
B0000296SI|4.0|This is an awesome CD because not only is it a cool band, but their music actually is cool too! A song to listen to- Adam's Song. It kicks, and right now it's on TRL. Blink 182 deserves more attention, and hint: don't listen  to this CD with your parents. (Unless they don't care about rude behavior  and swearing.) Got to get!
0345418336|5.0|Not just a spy novel. Not just a cold war novel. A book about alienation, connection, loyalty, secrets, lies, and all that stuff. What a treat. Not to be missed. I probably read it 20 years ago, and remember it clearly  today.
B000006045|5.0|Dark, rhythmic.  Teardrop is especially haunting and the vocals of the singer from Cocteau Twins is a perfect match.  But, if you are buying it because of Teardrop, don't expect the rest of the CD to match its romance.   The rest of the CD is dark and ...pulsating is the only word that comes to  my mind.  It's a great CD.
0792844793|5.0|The one thing that many people don't realize about this movie is that is essentially a retelling of the movie Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1941). Key clues: Isabella Roselini is the daughter of Ingrid Bergman who plays  essentially the same role in Dr. J. Dennis Hopper is Mr Hyde, and Kyle  Machlachlan is Dr. Jekyll. Both films deal with evil as it is manifested in  male sexual aggression. Dennis Hopper and Machlachlan are two sides of the  same man. There are many other similarities and parallels, just watch Dr. J  and find out for yourself (I don't have time to go over all the ones I've  noticed). The subtext adds another dimension to this already great film.
0380973464|4.0|Cryptonomicon's compelling mix of history (World War II), developing and current technology, real and imaginary characters, and cryptography made for a very enjoyable read. Though packed with science and technology the  text is always accessible to the neophyte as well as the more technically  inclined. (From both a historical and cryptographic standpoint it helps if  you have also read Simon Singh's excellent The Code Book.)<br />At over  nine-hundred pages the length may deter some who are normally prone to  tackle lesser efforts, but it is a worthwhile read and you will not get  bored as the narrative ping-pongs back and forth between time and  perspective. If you happen to have a copy in hand, and are undecided, read  the brief chapter \\"Yamamoto\\" beginning on page 334, and you will be  hooked.<br />Shortcomings were few. One was the author's endless use of  analogies, which tend to become tedious until you learn to ignore the  quantity and judge them solely on their cleverness. Many work well, some do  not. On a couple of occasions the use of coincidence can be overwhelming,  and may challenge the suspension of disbelief. I would like to give an  example or two, but by doing so may jeopardize some of the narrative. You  will recognize them when they occur.<br />Finally, for a book that develops  carefully and paces itself to match that approach, the ending comes too  suddenly and quickly. Readers may find themselves puzzled at the quick and  dirty wrap-up. It is as though the author needs to get this to his  publisher NOW! and submits to the impulse.<br />On the plus side the story  stays coherent and mysterious throughout and humor is used to great effect.  This book is thoroughly recommended and will make for a good beach read.
B000002NIW|4.0|This cd is a good cd, but it seems that they have warped their band totaly. the only songs on this cd that i like are numbers 1 2 5 and 9, If you like constant wispers in your ear get this cd, if you want some Hard  core, get their old one.
B000007T1M|5.0|Ok now obviously anyone who says that their lyrics are poor does not know what constitutes good lyrics.  Theyre here singing about your freedom as well as theirs as Americans, not to mention the hellish history the  Armenian people have...they bring back to music exactly what punk brought  us so many years ago, punk is a dying fad and its about time someone  brought something fresh...the band isnt ungodly amazing, but with fresh  guitar licks, ballad-esque solos, and a drummer from hell they sure beat  the hell out of Bizkit and Korn.  As far as the singer with such expressive  lyrics, he's there to have fun too, so why cant he sing different and  creative, isnt that what attracted so many of you to Korn?...would you  rather he rap to poor basslines and mediocre drummers? People have no idea  what theyre talking about...the man has more range than you think...here's  the question: How many bands..honestly have you heard sound like this?  A  great buy, trust me.
B0000004V2|5.0|Yes, this album is quite possibly the greatest one ever made. While it may not be as groundshaking as the Beatles releases, it comes pretty damn close. All the songs are wonderfully well done and will stay in your mind  until you die, or go crazy or something. The CD is amazing and is one of  the best ones in all my collection. Sadly, they could never top this CD,  but then again, who could? Go get because you'll never regret it (unless  you're a dirty Korn fan. Then stay away from it). Enjoy!
0385495315|5.0|This is a book that should have tremendous appeal to everyone with an interest in history, technology, basic human endeavor, or all three. On the surface it would appear to have limited appeal, but this book is well  researched, well written, and accessible on every level to novices with  little background in cryptography or the complex mathematics upon which  much of it is based.<br />The author in a concise manner, though never at the  expense of relevance, brings the reader through the evolution of  cryptography from its earliest uses to the present and beyond. He mixes the  science of discovery and un-covery (to coin a phrase) with very relevant,  interesting and oftentimes suspenseful historical vignettes.<br />The  evolution of cryptography described is of iterative one-ups man-ship.  \\"Codes\\" created to conceal, codes broken to reveal, again and again. The  author makes many \\"history in the balance\\" points throughout the text,  occasionally overemphasizing the importance of the code-breakers at the  expense of other contributors to successful operations.<br />This is an  excellent text for anyone with even a passing interest in the subject of  cryptography.
B00003CXBK|3.0|The movie itself, certainly in its original Japanese form, gets 5 stars in my mind.  But this version is sub-par: the only Dolby encoding listed as of this review is 2.0(! ), and the voice acting involved in the English  dubbing, as well as a lot of the script &quot;translation&quot;, is  horrific.  Whoever was in charge of casting, and more specifically casting  Billy Bob Thornton and Jada Pinkett Smith should lose that day job in a  hurry; the southern drawl and South-Central L.A. accents invading the  old-Japan setting of the movie are an assault to the ears and stomach.  The  only redeeming voice in the bunch belongs to the wonderful Minnie Driver,  in her equally wonderful performance as Lady Eboshi.  The English  translation of the script is also a joke.  It takes several creative  liberties with the original story, with the laughable excuse of making it  more &quot;palatable&quot; to North American audience tastes, which does  Miyazaki's work a disservice and is an outright insult to intelligence.   The greatest gift DVD fans of this movie can get is an original Japanese  version of the movie with sub-titles available as an option, recorded in  Dolby Surround 5.1.
0876855575|5.0|Bukowski's words leave an imprint not unlike the cystic acne which shaped his youth.
0792844890|4.0|This title is sure to please if you are a fan of Mel Brooks.  Slap stick never had a better slap! The only problem I found. is its in 2.0 surround. not 5.1, so the sound quality was not as good as it should be.
B000023VR9|5.0|I think dr dre has come back with a great album and its hitting it off over here in N.Z! I was wondering if anybody else out there has the same opinion.Dr Dre is the bomb and he really knows how to kick back into  place,He should become number 1 without a doubt!
B000007T1M|5.0|This CD may even seem weird before you get it, because of song titles like CUBErt or Ddevil, but when listened to properly, it will seem very artistic. The album is pretty fast paced, except for Spiders, which is sort  of silenced neo-gothic. Spiders is kind of an odd follow up single,  considering its predecessor was the wild Sugar. The CD may seem like comedy  metal at first, but when you pay attention to it, it's a dying cry for  help. With lyrical quotes like &quot;A Whole Race, Genocide,&quot; or  &quot;Of War, We Don't Speak Anymore,&quot; you will be able to tell that  this Armenian-American band is actually politically motivated. As of Serj's  singing style, I really don't like the loud childish, womanlike shouts, but  I love the scared tones in his voice. The best songs are Know and CUBErt,  but the whole album is great. It's about as close to death metal as you can  come while calling it alternative. Really morbid. If you like this, try  Puya, Slayer, or Static-X.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|I loved fight club so much I saw the film three times. It was the best!. If you like Brad Pitt and Edward Norton you will love this film. And also read the book I did and it was just as good as the  MOVIE. <br />BUY THIS  FILM!
B000007T1M|5.0|This CD may even seem weird before you get it, because of song titles like CUBErt or Ddevil, but when listened to properly, it will seem very artistic. The album is pretty fast paced, except for Spiders, which is sort  of silenced neo-gothic. Spiders is kind of an odd follow up single,  considering its predecessor was the wild Sugar. The CD may seem like comedy  metal at first, but when you pay attention to it, it's a dying cry for  help. With lyrical quotes like &quot;A Whole Race, Genocide,&quot; or  &quot;Of War, We Don't Speak Anymore,&quot; you will be able to tell that  this Armenian-American band is actually politically motivated. As of Serj's  singing style, I really don't like the loud childish, womanlike shouts, but  I love the scared tones in his voice. The best songs are Know and CUBErt,  but the whole album is great. It's about as close to death metal as you can  come while calling it alternative. Really morbid. If you like this, try  Puya, Slayer, or Static-X.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|I loved fight club so much I saw the film three times. It was the best!. If you like Brad Pitt and Edward Norton you will love this film. And also read the book I did and it was just as good as the  MOVIE. <br />BUY THIS  FILM!
B000002G8L|5.0|I THINK I AM LISTENING THIS ALBUM FOR 8 YEARS FROM CASETTE AND I WAS LOOKING FOR THE CD FOR MANY YEARS AND AT THE END I EVENTUALLY FOUND ON THE NET. I LIKE THIS ALBUM BECAUSE I CAN FEEL CLAPTON'S MOOD WHILE HE IS  PLAYING, HIS SOLOS ATTRACTED ME SO MUCH. THANKS TO HIM FOR THIS ALBUM.
6303314015|3.0|A good movie, but unfortunatly a lot was ripped off of Kimba, The White Lion.  Coming out in the 60's, this series had an evil uncle with an injured eye and hyena followers, a bird and baboon that were similar to The  Lion King's characters, girlfriend of Kimba, similar plots and and even the  rock that appears at the beginning of The Lion King.  To see the original  series by Tezuki that The Lion King was based on (even if Disney won't  admit it) check it out starting with the first volume &quot;Kimba the White  Lion - The King is Dead, All Hail the King&quot;
0060925000|5.0|Through those 1200+ pages, one live and breadth with Lata, Kabir, Maan, Saida, Mahesh Kapoor and all the characters from this epic.  Although becomes too dragged sometime, this is finest literary work.
0140189378|4.0|This was an entertaining book.  For a mandatory book for English class, it was quite interesting to find what &quot;classic American Literarture&quot; really is.  This story did not move me to tears, but did start some thought  and motivation inside.  The book was about Tommy Wilhelm with his father  and that terrible man Dr. Tamkin who was his co-investor in the stock  market.  Tommy's life has been less than pretty, and this is the story of  this Jewish man finding himself in New York City.
6305728437|5.0|This movie is so great- a girl getting to be a hero and a leader and not just some sappy beautiful lady in a prom dress. It's my favorite movie in the entire world!
B000002U9Y|5.0|This album came before Dark Side of the Moon and is not as good, but is nonetheless brilliant. It is very psychodelic and easy to listen to. The greatest song is Saucerful of Secrets, an epic which is second to Echoes as  Floyds best. Another gem is Jugband Blues, Barret's final song. I don't  really like Piper at the gates of Dawn, but I love this. I like almost  everything Floyd did, and in terms of pre-Darkside stuff, this and Meddle  are by far the best. Buy both of them. Remember, it may take a few  listenings to get into them. In my opinion, the first time you listen, it  is not real good. The second time you know what to expect, and wonder how  you could have ever said you don't like it. It is not strictly a concept  album, but the songs need to be listened to in order. There is a clear  progression from tihs album, to Meddle, and finally to Darkside and the  concept albums that followed it. This is a must in every Floyd collection.
B00000064G|5.0|This is a pure existential musical experience - the sound of one man facing down his depression without self-pity.  _Pink Moon_ is incredibly stark, very dark, and almost unbearably beautiful.  Yet it ends on an  optimistic note (&quot;From the Morning&quot;), and it seems the very fact  that Nick Drake could create this work while in such a state is a positive  statement in itself.  Sadly, he succumbed to his illness two years after  _Pink Moon_ was recorded.<br />It's pathetic that it took a VW commercial to  finally get Nick Drake heard by millions, but perhaps better late and  prostituted than never.
B000002C1W|4.0|This album is fairly good and has some great songs on it (learning to fly, sorrow). It also has some not-so-great songs on it such as Dogs of War. But, hey, the second part of The Wall wasn't perfect either. If you want an  album dealing with insanity (DSOTM, WYWH, The Wall(aka The Big 3)) this  isn't it. This album doesn't deal with anything very powerful. Even though  this doesn't have the Barret or Waters sound, it is good. The Gilmour sound  is different but is good and many younger listeners fell in love with it.  TDB is more catchy, but this album is more Floyd. A proper Floyd collection  should have Saucerful of Secrets, Meddle, Animals, The Big 3, and this.  Consider getting Division Bell, but it is not as neccesary.
B00003Q438|1.0|You know and I know this movie is so boring it will leave you with nothing! One of the worst! Truthfully, this motion picture is an absolute waste of time....  Dosen't deserve a one star, except for special effects.  Almost ruined Mary's career.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This movie was simply the best I've seen.....the truths in this movie and both subjective and objective, in a way that the nearest second is miles away.  The reason that some have chose to persicute it is simple...either  they don't understand it and therefore are afraid...or they refuse to  believe that what everybody thinks about everyday America is really not the  case..... An excellent movie and buy....i recommend it greatly
1565112318|5.0|After the widly popular comic book &quot;Sandman&quot;, I didn't think Mr. Gaiman could top himself.  I was so wrong!  Neverwhere is an absolutely captivating novel, full of suspense and drama, with just a touch of  un-reality to make it fascinating.  I visited London (the setting for some  of the book) shortly after reading Neverwhere, and while in tube stations  and on train platforms, I began to imagine Gaiman's &quot;London  Below&quot; as not too far fetched....  Even for those who are not familiar  with Mr. Gaiman's previous work, this book will delight anyone with an  imagination; I hated to finish it.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This album will be a dud salewise for young Fiona Apple. Perhaps, we will see one more outing from this gifted songwriter and then it will be off to &quot;dropped from the label&quot; land.  Why? Because Apple is apparantly  so dysfunctional she refuses to compromise her artistic muse for the sake  of another &quot;Criminal&quot; hit.  This new album is so good it's  possible she could have very well made the last great album of the  twentieth century. Not unlike Kurt Cobain, who was also able to seamlessly  meld artistic credibility with pop sensibility, Fiona Apple has had to  resort to unnecessary fashionable representations (i.e. being a poster  child for deer in the headlights waifs across the world) to gain and  maintain her immediate popularity.  Had she always been presented strictly  for her talent, there's a chance this record would have been viewed as far  more accessible.  Yet because of her past notoriety, Apple is obviously  forced into appealing to her young fans in order to sell millions of  records, which isn't going to happen here. Most telling is her recent rants  against such phony female singers as Christine Arguille and Britney Spears.  The fact that Apple thrusts her name in comparison is indicative of the  dilemma she is facing. Unfortunately for this still emerging talent, the  respect due her is eluded while her true counterparts P.J. Harvey and Ana  DiFranco garner underground accolades that seemingly guarantee them an  almost Iggy Pop immortality.  This record is curiously, if not purposely,  devoid of top 40 sounds. Nor is it youth oriented.  This is simply a great  record.  Apple plays piano in almost a Jerry Lee Lewis fashion, betraying  an obvious American influence and talent that would easily intimidate  Canadian counterpart Tori Amos.  Combined with a great production team,  Apple brings Janis Joplin into the 21st century, reflecting an honesty and  emotional breadth sorely missing from popular music today. One can only  hope thatyoung and intense talents such as Fiona Apple are nurtured and  encouraged, despite any perception of their future profitablilty for the  corporations they record for. Otherwise, great records like this new one  from Apple may never be heard again. As Morrisey once sang, &quot;How can  someone so young sing words so sad?&quot;
B00003CWPR|2.0|I was looking forward to watching this movie with great anticipation, being a long-time Kubrick fan. What a huge disappointment! In brief, the movie was overly long, the plot disjointed and I never really felt much for  Cruise or Kidman. It's too bad Kubrick's final movie had to be this one.  Don't waste your time, rent or buy Clockwork Orange or Full Metal Jacket  instead.
B000003BZ4|5.0|The first time I heard of GOV'T MULE was in an interview with James Hetfield from METALLICA where he listed this particular disc in his all time top five favorites. I then spotted the CD at a college radio station I  dj for. So I previewed it, bought it, and bought everything else associated  with THE MULE and WARREN HAYNES.  This disc really rocks.  &quot;Rocking  Horse&quot; &quot;Monkey Hill&quot;,and &quot;Mule&quot; showcase the  musical talent of the whole group.While &quot;Mother  Earth&quot;,&quot;Temporary Saint&quot;,&quot;Left Coast Groovies&quot;,and  &quot;World of Difference&quot;Show off their writing talents.Oh Yeah this  CD also is home to one of the best songs ever written,&quot;Painted Silver  Light!&quot; Give it a listen, and in know time you'll be saying  &quot;WHERE'S MY MULE? &quot;
B00003CWPQ|2.0|This is NOT a date movie.  Except for the awesome sex scene and Nicole writhing around, there was not much to keep a man busy.  My wife was so turned off I couldn't convince her to get romantic, even after all of the  chocolate we had.  The story telling was long and drawn out.  Nicole does a  horrible job portraying this woman; the worst acting I've seen from her.   Tom played a believable part but there was too much of 'Tom Cruise' in the  character.<br />If..........I...........had.............to........  see.............it.............again............it............would...........be.............by...........myself.........
B00003Q438|5.0|This DVD is excellent, not only is it a great movie (with excellent sound if you have Dolby Digital), but the extra features are unreal. While flipping through the features on disc 2 I found some hidden secrets  (numerous face huggers from Aliens and a harrier jet from True Lies). When  you find the secrets it shows you a different preview of Aliens, True Lies  and ther is also one for Strange Days. Even if your not a big fan of The  Abyss, it's worth buying just for the extra features (which will take about  5 times as long to get through than the Special Edtion of the film). If you  love special effects you'll love this film. The additional footage towards  the end also lets the viewer know why there was a storm at the start of the  film.
0790729733|5.0|Before any of you judge me for rating this film five stars and calling it absolutely riveting, let me explain myself. Ok, it does have some doubtfull plot points in terms of accuracy, but there are many facts that  substantiate the film's statement on the assassination of JFK. Also, as a  film, it is an absolutely riveting story-telling. Awesome editing work and  cinematography as well as John Williams' fine score. Also, Kevin Costner is  fine as Jim Garrison, even though there might have been better actors to  play his role, but he was good enough. The supporting cast was excellent,  with Sissy Spacek, Tommy Lee Jones, John Candy, Joe Pesci, and the list  goes on. It might have had discrepancies in terms of its factual  accuracies, but it certainly is one of the most underrated and the most  riveting films of all time.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|I have loved John Williams' work for many of my 25 years and this collection is definitely the best. All the hits from 30 years worth of films that show great diversity. From the soul-stirring themes to  Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan to the majesty of Jurassic Park  and Superman and the pounding thrill of Duel Of The Fates this has not one  dull moment. The themes from the lovely Jane Eyre and Amistad are sadly  missed but do not take away from this album at all....
B00002E233|5.0|This is an awesome movie! The fun of it is to watch it on DVD only! It sounds really good. I like the WHOLE movie, from start to finish. It was very gripping and exciting and it leaves you feeling like you will never  expect what will happen next. Because, you probably wont. This movie is  full of surprises that will definetly wake you up. The sharks look fake,  though, as well as the blood and guts from the people. And another great  thing about this movie is that if you are easily afraid of horror, this  wont scare you. If you afraid of sharks, you will never recover. The sharks  where SO smart that even something that you cant expect from a shark  probably could happen. This movie is fun to watch all the stupid scientists  make HORRIBLE mistakes. They will pay... THIS MOVIE ROCKED!
B00002MZ4V|5.0|I have loved John Williams' work for many of my 25 years and this collection is definitely the best. All the hits from 30 years worth of films that show great diversity. From the soul-stirring themes to  Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan to the majesty of Jurassic Park  and Superman and the pounding thrill of Duel Of The Fates this has not one  dull moment. The themes from the lovely Jane Eyre and Amistad are sadly  missed but do not take away from this album at all....
068816689X|5.0|This book tells the amazing story of one woman's survival against all odds. Given the subject matter, you might expect the story to be depressing. However, while the story is poignant, very real, and sad at  times, the reader is left with the impression that the human spirit can  overcome any adversity.
6305750750|5.0|I saw this three times in the local theatre and was SPELLBOUND. In my view the performances were all very good from Neeson as Qui Gon even to Ahmed Best (Jar Jar Binks) and Ray Park (Darth Maul) Conveying menace in a man  without words...convincingly...is VERY HARD...and Darth Maul did it well.  Some say Anakin was stiff...I think personally not. He conveyed to me  everything a young child may, if the child went through such events.       Musically and visually the film was stunning. John Williams does a great  job bringing new life to a familiar story with a score that is 90 to 95  percent new. Anakin's Theme, the Podrae Parade and The Trade Federation  March all stood out...as did Duel Of the Fates and the funeral dirge. Both  stole my breath.      Storywise this was good, action-packed but filled  with moments of tenderness and humor too. The midi-chlorian thing to me was  a good explanation of why some people may be stronger in the Force than  others. The fight scenes looked and felt so much more dynamic and energetic  here.      One thing I think to remember....It is not a good idea to  compare this to the rest of the saga because then your expectation WILL go  too high. The key with Star Wars or any fantasy film is to sit back, have  fun, and let yourself be immersed in the world the film depicts. THAT is  the magic of Star Wars, and it is still as strong today as it was 23 years  ago... For the child in all of us...and the adults who love the feeling of  awe we had when seeing Star Wars as kids....May the Force be with  you...always.
B000002TQB|5.0|If you're American, Blur is probably still unknown to you. If you're  British, well, you already know how great Blur is. Being American, I have  all six of their studio cds. I think Parklife is their best because it's  their most cohesive and consistent right to the end. While 13 and The Great  Escape have their merits, and 1997's Blur was quite good, Parklife just  edges them out for top place. Great British rock, pop alternative. This is  a must have for any rock collector.
B000002UUX|5.0|If this LP's only had the song Holy Wars, I'd still give it five stars!
B000001FT2|5.0|I know that many people either haven't heard Grace Jones' music or they don't like her singing, but I happen to think that she is an important element in pop music history. Nightclubbing is her most consistent work  alongside 1980's Warm Leatherette and 1982's Living My Life. She has a  variety of sounds here with &quot;Walking In The Rain&quot;, &quot;Pull Up  To The Bumper&quot;, &quot;Nightclubbing&quot;, &quot;Feel Up&quot;,  &quot;I've Done It Again&quot; and &quot;Libertango&quot;. The cd is very  cohesive and the music flows seamlessly across 9 tracks. Grace's voice is  really what sets her music apart from other artists. Her flat, oftentimes  menacing voice pushes the music along. However, a surprise at the end of  the cd, &quot;I've Done It Again&quot; shows that she really could sing.  This is a must have for any rock collector.
B000002TPS|4.0|Megadeth totally seemed to have changed their sound here but &quot;Train of Consequences&quot; rocks.  Those Riffs, oh, those RIFFS!
B00000634J|5.0|For those who don't want to buy all of Lennon's solo cds, this is all you need. Less lengthy than his box set, this single disc compilation has all his hits and non-hits, digitally remastered. Classics like  &quot;Imagine&quot;, &quot;Give Peace A Chance&quot;, &quot;Woman&quot;,  &quot;Working Class Hero&quot;, &quot;Mother&quot;, &quot;Cold  Turkey&quot;, &quot;Watching The Wheels&quot;, &quot;Nobody Told Me&quot;,  &quot;Borrowed Time&quot;, &quot;Beautiful Boy&quot; and &quot;Love&quot;  plus more. If you want the complete overview, buy his boxed set, if you  have less time and money, this will do nicely in any rock collection. A  must have for any rock collector.
B000002V0Q|5.0|This album is great but it's nothing like their Peace Sells Masterpiece.  But still, it got a whole lot of radio play.
B000001FY9|5.0|Once again, an artist that needs no introduction. I'll keep this brief because everyone knows that Bob Marley is a cornerstone in rock and roll history. This compilation does him justice by collecting his most well  known songs. While it is not an in depth view of the artist, it is a nice  lattice work of his career. A must have for any rock collector.
B000002UDD|3.0|This album just lacked focus, in my opinion.  Of course I still got satisfaction with the Sex Pistol's cover.  But coming right after Peace Sells, it was a dissapointment.
B000003TA4|5.0|I don't have much to write about this cd. Curt Cobain said it all in 1991.  Like those before him, Curt changed the face of music with Nevermind. It's  arguable just how great the music is on this disc 9 years later, but it  definitely is raw with emotion, and that's what makes it a classic. It's  emotion has a life of its own. This is a must have for any rock collector.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|Definitely my favorite Iron Maiden album (with Fear of Dark): beautiful compositions, great lyrics. From the incredible intro (used also as a conclusion) to the last song, it's nothing but great music. Besides, the  concept of the album really works and the story told is both chilling and  very touching. Wonderful use of keyboards !
B000001Y2U|5.0|Okay, I like Marilyn Manson. At least his music. I don't compare him to Alice Cooper because I don't see Brian Warner out there swinging golf clubs on VH1's Fairway to Heaven. It may be easy to dismiss Marilyn Manson as all  shock and no value, but that wouldn't be accurate. It is also easy to say  that Brian Warner is Trent Reznor's brainchild, but that isn't entirely  true either. What I do think, is of the three full length studio cds that  Marilyn Manson has made, Antichrist Superstar is the best, most cohesive  effort. It's right on the mark for angry, grungy angst. I can't think of  another artist who does this kind of music so well. It's not speed metal  where all meaning is lost, it's not hard rock which is more friendly and  accessible. This album is dark and angry and it's great for that reason.  1998's Mechanical Animals shows Brian moving in a more Bowie-esque  direction and while that's interesting, Antichrist Superstar is more  Brian's pace. Although Trent Reznor produced, Brian still manages to keep  the music and lyrics in his own arena. A must have for any rock collector.
6305750750|5.0|SW1 is a very good movie that got a lot of press about not being up to par with it's predecessors.  Well, that's some awful tough competition!  This movie is the first episode of a story that does not have a surprise ending  because we all know it!  Now, if you don't think that's a difficult story  to write, you have my blessing.
B000002AV5|5.0|Generously taking from each of her four cds, this compilation is well worth having. All the hits are here as well. The main point in buying Sade is her soulful, jazzy singing. She is the most sultry r&amp;b singer  around. I wonder whether she will ever record again since it's been eight  long years. This Best Of is a must have for any rock collector.
6305627347|2.0|then it gets old fast.  Hearing these kids swear for 90 minutes isn't all that entertaining.  I am a big fan and this movie should have come out a year earlier when it was on everyone's mind.
B000002LQD|5.0|Magic and Loss is a rare recording. Lou lost two friends to cancer and decided to put his feelings down on paper and in the studio. Perfect. Though this cd is haunting and mournful, it is a classic. Death is an  inevitable fact of life and Lou Reed's Magic and Loss embraces it rather  than ingores it. This is a must have for any rock collector.
0767840135|5.0|Reality moves out of your home when Quidam moves in. A world of fantasy, a fantastic world. A little girl, Zoe, who is bored and is treated almost indifferently by her own parents, is taken a world of magic and beauty when  the headless, faceless Quidam arrives literally at her door. This show is  about the beauty of man and woman, our strengths and our sorrows, our  dreams, passions, and even our fears. <br />This show is spectacular. This is  the first I have seen of the Cirque du Soleil, and it won't be the last.  The impression it made on me pulls me to see the show live in Europe.<br />If  you haven't seen the Cirque du Soleil or even heard of them before. You  can't go wrong with Quidam. It is an artistic collage of acrobatics, dance,  and drama set to excellent music in a fresh way like I, and perhaps the  world  has ever known.
B000002VMH|5.0|I remember being very pleased when I heard that Annie was due to release a solo cd in 1992. I was worried that I'd never hear her beautiful voice again. A voice that I grew up on. Of her two solo efforts, Diva is the  obvious choice. It has original material whereas Medusa is all cover songs.  Diva has the great hits &quot;Why&quot;, &quot;Walking On Broken  Glass&quot; and &quot;Little Bird&quot; plus great album tracks &quot;Money  Can't Buy It&quot;, &quot;Legend In My Living Room&quot;, &quot;Stay By  Me&quot;, &quot;Primitive&quot; and &quot;The Gift.&quot; Annie showed that  she could go solo and hold her own. This is a must have for any rock  collector.
0767840135|5.0|Reality moves out of your home when Quidam moves in. A world of fantasy, a fantastic world. A little girl, Zoe, who is bored and is treated almost indifferently by her own parents, is taken a world of magic and beauty when  the headless, faceless Quidam arrives literally at her door. This show is  about the beauty of man and woman, our strengths and our sorrows, our  dreams, passions, and even our fears. <br />This show is spectacular. This is  the first I have seen of the Cirque du Soleil, and it won't be the last.  The impression it made on me pulls me to see the show live in Europe.<br />If  you haven't seen the Cirque du Soleil or even heard of them before. You  can't go wrong with Quidam. It is an artistic collage of acrobatics, dance,  and drama set to excellent music in a fresh way like I, and perhaps the  world  has ever known.
B0000027F8|5.0|All criticism and prejudice aside, I believe George Michael is one of our finest singers. Just listen to his voice on &quot;Mother's Pride&quot; and &quot;They Won't Go When I Go&quot; and tell me otherwise. Lyrically,  George matured by leaps and bounds on this cd. Just listen to &quot;Praying  For Time&quot; and &quot;Freedom.&quot; Though Faith sold more and Older is  even more mature, Listen Without Prejudice is a fine work by a talented  man. All bathroom humor aside, this is a must have for any rock collector.
0790736233|4.0|I remember walking out of &quot;Contact&quot; struck by how unusual a film it was for a summer release. Not an action film, not a romance flick, not a comedy, &quot;Contact&quot; was a serious exploration of the roles faith  and science play in our daily lives, and it asks a good question of us- how  compassionate are we really? Do we accept the beliefs of others, or do we  stay to our own narrow beliefs? (Appropriately, I saw the movie in our  nation's capitol, just a block or two away from where numerous scenes take  place in the film.)<br />The short and sweet of the plot is this: Jodie Foster  plays an atheist scientist whose quest to find life on another world is  rewarded with a signal one day carrying instructions on how to construct a  machine capable of transporting a human being. I won't give away too much  else. Suffice to say I was impressed by how the film handled the message  and the response- it was not melodramatic and seems quite plausible. The  viewer gets the feeling that if mankind does ever make contact, this would  be how it was done. The question of whether there is extraterrestrial life  out there is a daunting one- to put it mildly it would be the greatest  discovery in the history of mankind and would fundamentally challenge  virtually all of the assumptions mankind has made about our place in the  universe.<br />Foster is quite good, but I found Matthew McConaughey's role as  Foster's love interest and a religious thinker to be a little hard to  swallow. He's a talented actor to be sure (he was terrific in &quot;A Time  to Kill&quot;), but he was miscast here. James Woods and Tom Skerrit don't  impress as the film's two villains, but the story and Foster are strong  enough to carry the movie along despite some weak characters.<br />Does the  movie demonize religion? For the most part: no. The unfortunate casting  aside, McConaughey's character has an important role to play here in making  it abundantly clear that faith and reason need notconflict and that  mankind can believe in god and still be able to question the world around  ourselves. A good message, but one that the film only half-heartedly  makes.<br />In terms of technical execution, &quot;Contact&quot; has much  going for it. It all looks plausible, like we are watching a documentary  instead of a fiction film. The sequences involving CNN reporters and clips  of President Clinton (re-edited to make it appear like he was commenting on  events in the film) blur the line between fiction and fact.<br />On the  balance, well done. This is a film that will impress and make people think.  Good work.
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead is truly a rare band. The songs on The Bends prove that they are here to stay. Haunting and melodic, the guitars and atmospherics work together to create a classic recording. Though in America Radiohead is  still relatively unknown, The Bends may change that. Years from now this cd  will be sought after for its value to rock music. This is a must have for  any rock collector.
B000020617|5.0|This CD is hellacool. I love Foo Fighters, loved 'em since I heard Everlong. I expected nothing less from the former Nirvana drummer and I was NOT dissapointed. These guys are Gillian Anderson's favorite band for a  reason, and I agree with her! I love the songs like Stacked Actors and  Gimme Stitches, and the overall CD just rocks. I love the Foo  Fighters!<br />-Jade
B000002BYD|5.0|Even though society has dictated that grunge rock is over and teeny bopper music is back in again, Pearl Jam proves that they aren't a sign of the times, but that they are here to stay. Yield is arguably their best cd  since Ten. With 13 great songs, this album flows nicely without ever  sounding bland or trite. Gone are the crashing guitars, except on &quot;Do  The Evolution.&quot; This album is smoother, more refined than 1994's  Vitalogy and a leap above 1996's No Code. If the future of Pearl Jam was in  any doubt, this cd should set that right. Although it hasn't sold well, not  nearly as much as Ten did, it still could continue to sell in the years to  come. This is a must have for any rock collector.
B000002J09|5.0|This album was my first Led Zeppelin album, and it got me hooked. It's definately a CD you can put in and listen to from the beginning to the end. As far as rating the Zeppelin albums, this one is up there with II, III,  and Phyical Graffiti. They are all good, so first time listeners of Zep can  start with any of the albums and be pleased.
B000000OF6|5.0|I don't need to defend Queen seeing as everyone knows they are a great band. These two compilations serve very well as career spanning collections. Most of Queen's best material is right here, though die hard  fans will suggest buying their individual cds. Great songs like  &quot;Bohemian Rapsody&quot;, &quot;We Will Rock You&quot;, &quot;We Are  The Champions&quot;, &quot;Another One Bites The Dust&quot;, &quot;Crazy  Little Thing Called Love&quot;, &quot;Radio Ga Ga&quot;, &quot;I Want To  Break Free&quot;, &quot;A Kind Of Magic&quot;, &quot;I Want It All&quot;,  &quot;One Vision&quot;, &quot;Innuendo&quot; and &quot;I'm Going Slightly  Mad&quot; are all here plus numerous other classics. These are must haves  for any rock collector.
0140177396|5.0|Of Mice and Men could possibly be the most extrordinary piece of literature that I have ever read.  John Steinbeck chooses perfectly fitting words when he is describing actions and settings.  He paints a a very  detailed picture that successfully informs the reader of all the events  pertaining to the story.  Steinbeck's writing pulls emotions out of his  characters.  By doing this, he provokes strong feelings from the reader.   <br />**note** Some events in this book may be considered emotionally  disturbing and I would strongly recommend anyone with any kind of emotional  controversy not to read this book!
B000002NFM|5.0|Just listen to the sound samples. This should be enough to tell you that this is a great album. All those genre bashers saying their music is this or that, well it doesn't matter when the music speaks for itself. This is a  classic recording that people will be listening to for years to come. In  the future when our kids ask us what we used to listen to, The Prodigy will  come up and Fat of The Land is what they'll find in our cd collections.  This is a must have for any rock collector.
B00000AFGM|5.0|I know, the image which is in your mind. That of the self-named &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot;, but don't let that put you off. I was shocked by how amazing this album truly is, the range from the hard rock  style of &quot;I want to dissapear&quot; to the suprisingly acoustic  &quot;Speed Of Pain&quot;. in this is Mr Manson manages to keep his  alternative rock image while producing a lot of more toned down music of  which most lacks his earlier sound-box distorted music. This is more toned  down than his earlier workings in &quot;antichrist Superstar&quot; or   &quot;Smells Like Children&quot; (basiccally a remix album).  Trust me when  I say this is a must, even if it may only be to get those shocked look from  your freinds as they catch you moshing in your room to &quot;Rock is  Dead&quot; (the best song on the album).
B000021XR5|4.0|There have been mixed listener reviews of this STP release.  The detractors' complaints have been that No.4 doesn't sound like other STP releases.  Well, they're right.  But a band that puts out album after album  that sounds like the previous one has found a quick way to get me to stop  buying and listening.  And if you are really familiar with the music of STP  you know each album has been different from the one before it.<br />No.4  definitely sounds like Stone Temple Pilots.  This baby rocks.  But it is  clear the band has grown musically and personally.  That's what you will  hear in this music.  Scott Weiland's vocals continue to impress as he goes  from growling and menacing to Morrisonesque to a kinda edgy pop vocalist.  \\"Sour Girl\\" takes an interesting musical turn, coming off with a  post-punk melodic XTC vibe. \\"Heaven and Hot Rods\\" sounds like it  was written for people who drive convertibles. Fast. With the jams cranked  till the woofer begins to tear.  \\"Down\\" is vintage STP.<br />Let's  hope Scott stays clean and out of jail as they finally get to promote  No.4...a year later. There had been rumors the band would replace him if he  couldn't get his act together.  Well, it wouldn't be STP. Scott's vocals  and song writing, no matter which style he chooses are an integral part of  the STP sound.  What ever it happens to be this week.<br />The boys are simply moving on.
B00003CWPR|3.0|In terms of the visuals in this film, it's pure Kubrick: Long, sweeping shots, brilliant use of color (especially orange lit rooms juxtaposed with bright blue windows, etc), extensive (and very effective) use of silence in  the soundtrack.<br />The story line kept me interested throughout. It's a  Kubrick work. You have to expect to THINK while watching this FILM (not  movie). Anyone viewers expecting typical Hollywood fare should look  elsewhere. <br />The acting, however, left quite a bit to be desired. Nicole  Kidman over-acted terribly for the first 2/3 of the film. Cruise did a  decent job, however.<br />I would have given this work 4 stars, but the poor  acting by Kidman brought it down a notch.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This is how a SciFi movie should be made.It is one of the very few sequels that was actually rated as better than the original by critics.I enjoyed the original but have to agree with the critics on this(i disagree so often  with them).This is one of those rare scifi/horror movies that can take  itself serious and get away with it.It has so many great actors in it and  they do a marvelous job of taking you where no person has gone  before,introduce you to some genuinely terrifying aliens and get you off  the planet again in one piece-too bad most of the cast doesn't.The special  effects are out of this world(pardon the pun),the acting is for real-no  attempts at tongue in cheek or hamming it up.I purchased the Special  Edition DVD version which is well worth the cost.Not only does it have 17  additonal minutes which wasleft out of the theatre release-it also has a  wonderful special section which gives a slide show and a couple of short  videos showing you the production procedure.There is also a very nice  section with still pictures of the cast and crew and also alot of  background on the creation of the minatures used and even the making of the  alien queen. Very interesting stuff,especially for an &quot;Aliens&quot;  fan.The DVD of this movie is in my opinion definately worth the cost.
B0000027RL|5.0|With songs like Even Flow, Jeremy, and Alive all on one album along with Once, you can't go wrong.  Also includes Oceans and Porch for those who like it soft.
6304535570|5.0|Think about it.<br />There's a wonderful plot, despite what some critics might think. It's full of twists and turns and conspiracy, and keeps you guessing.<br />There's plenty of action. Gunfire, explosions, car chases,  chases on foot . . . You won't be bored watching the movie.<br />A master of  disguise. Val Kilmer seems to be having the time of his life as Simon goes  from womanizing hippie to nerdy reporter to tortured artist, all in the  name of his work.<br />A great villain. Rade Serbedzija is always a delight,  as he appeared in MIGHTY JOE YOUNG and EYES WIDE SHUT, but his role here is  his best to date. You almost want to root for him.<br />Finally, Elizabeth  Shue in her underwear. Need I say more?
0783225849|5.0|This is not only a wonderful movie, but THE best DVD I've seen yet, with more features than you'll know what to do with.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I it's a good song but it can get irritating after while, so you should put more thought before you buy it...I did that and I ended up waste time and end up no buying'em. But I still have it in one of my burned cd's. Up  to you
B00000IO4J|4.0|I saw The Faculty on Showtime last week, and I thought it was a very good movie.  I especially liked the way the movie made sense after you see the ending.  The moviemakers made sure there was a reason each of the main  characters was spared from being infected by the alien.  For example, it  turns out it was lucky the quaterback had his run-in with the coach at the  end of practice.  It made QB sympathetic to the alien.  <br />    I was a  little disappointed in the ending of the film after the alien was killed.   None of the characters seemed to recoginze that the alien had played a  vital role in improving a very dysfunctional school environment for them.   I know dream sequences at the end of horror movies are cheesy, but I think  this time that type of scene could have been put to good use.  Maybe  Stokley or the character played by Josh Hartnett could have had a dream  experience that dealt with the dual aspect of the alien.  To sum up, I just  think the alien was right about a lot the things it said while chasing  Elijah Wood around the lockerroom and it would have been nice if one of the  characters in the aftermath could have recognized this.
B000009ED0|2.0|This cd is like the best!  not,  This music he sings is like annoying...his voice is annoying. The music he sings is ok but if you turn it up so loud, you can't hear yourself think. There are other songs that  are better then this, try Eve6, Blink 182, Lit, and others. Also eat at  Dippin Dots instead of Baskin-Robbins...
B00003W8NM|5.0|this is a great movie, i loved it, i had to drag my boy freind to see it. There is soo much more to this movie than violence. there is a much deeper meening than guys who go and fight.   ans who wants to see a movie about a  guy who goes and works in soup kitchens, that would be soo boring. this has  a spark to it, it is not the same old movie, this is somthing much greater.    It is a breath of fresh air in teh movie industry. who wants to see a  happy ending? all movie end happy this is a great change of pace.<br />Edward  Norton was faboulos i recomend this movie to absolutly anyone. This is the  best move ever. It was definelty shrugged at the oscars.
B000002H97|3.0|Yes, it is true. Metallica didn't put a title on this one, as though it is their first release.<br />But it isn't. That goes to show what they think of their earlier works [apparently not much].<br />I guess this is the first one  they really tried on, and the quality is certainly better. But the number  of great songs is limited to only four or so [ENTER SANDMAN, THE  UNFORGIVEN, WHEREVER I MAY ROAM, NOTHING ELSE MATTERS].<br />The rest are  fillers, and that is why this rates so low. There was real potential to  make a classic, yet Metallica settled for material that leaves much to be  desired.<br />I mean, how many times can you scream &quot;Misery&quot; in the  song MY FRIEND OF MISERY?  [Buy this one and find out--- you might be  amazed]..<br />Anyway, Metallica does deserve credit for finally making some  songs that listen well. It's just too bad they didn't make more of  them! <br />3 stars is all this one deserves [4 good songs out of 12].
0465068359|5.0|I am elated that finally a book in English has  appeared on the atrocious rape of Nanking, committed by the Japanese nation against the Chinese nation. I have waited long and hard for such a book to appear and am happy  to say that I have not waited in vain.<br />Armies do not appear out of  nothing. The people form the army. In this sense, the Japanese Imperial  Army are (or at least were) the Japanese people, although the reverse is  not necessarily true. Just how it is possible that unspeakable acts of  barbarity can be committed by the state of Japan against the state it owes  much of its cultural heritage to - China, defies belief. It is as if the  Japanese are trying to forget they learnt from China by trying to  obliterate every  Chinese in sight at Nanking. This profound hatred of a  fellow Asian is truly shocking. In its quest to modernise and  &quot;westernise&quot; - i.e., to join Europe and leave Asia, Japan was  trying to prove it was the superior race. By wanting to  &quot;liberate<br />Asians from Western imperialism&quot;, Japan became a most  violent and bloodthirsty substitute, leaving behind traces of horrific  massacres, rapes and other gruelling details that will be in the minds of  many Asians for centuries to come.<br />Iris Chang has demonstrated to us the  reason why  Nanking is important. Even as the book is being read, Japanese  right-wing activists are attacking  her for her &quot;fabrication&quot; of  the Nanking massacre and all that she stated in her book. Iris must  be<br />really glad she was not there when Nanking fell to those bastards;  otherwise, she might well have been traumatised, brutalised and violated,  and if she lives to tell the tale, she would be &quot;raped&quot; again by  Japan because these bastards would continue to deny her story and to call  the Nanking massacre a &quot;conspiracy&quot; against Japan.<br />Judging from  the fact that the Japanese do not feel at all sorry for their invasion of  Asia and that less than 2% of Japan's war criminals were purged during  General MacArthur's occupation of Japan from 1945-52, one could hardly  expect Japan to come to terms with its past as these murderous people were  in power and were &quot;whitewashing&quot; history. In addition, Hiroshima  and Nagasaki turned Japan into a &quot;victim&quot; of the atomic bomb and  thus the other victims of Japan are conveniently sidelined or forgotton.  The West, being reminded time and again that Hiroshima and Nagasaki were  &quot;crimes against humanity&quot;, were also ignorant about  Nanking.<br />This is the reason why Iris Chang's book is important: it  reminded the West that Japan was an aggressor, not a &quot;victim&quot; in  the Sino-Japanese war and the second world war; it also reminded the  Japanese that unless they own up and face their less than savoury past, one  day it will all come back to haunt them big time. It reminded the Chinese  that unless they have a strong and prosperous state, Nanking could happen  again. Finally, it showed the world how a helpless city, <br />abandoned by  its government and the world, was razed to the ground and was raped to the  core. The sorrow of Nanking continues today, readers are well-advised to  visit it, if only to recount the process of the tragedy.
B000001FXR|5.0|This is a fine made album , you'll catch the marley-tosh magic it's just awsom ...i recomend midnight ravers it's a state of mind lot's of us had at one point of our lives. marley is a rare lyric writer , it's a simple album  yet so powerfull ... it's the perfect choice for all music lovers ... Have  mercy on your soul bob !
B000002I97|5.0|Brings back memories - sitting on the front row at Lafitte's Landing, Prine about 5 feet away.  It was simply amazing.  What a wry sense of humor.<br />Had the album - wore that out.  Even had it on 8-track (threw that  machine in the trash). Have it on cassette and CD.<br />Gotta have Prine.
B00000064G|5.0|Well, Volkswagen--presesnting Nick Drake's genius to a larger audience...
0790744295|5.0|This is one of the most original horror films of all time.  Taking inspiration from the EC comics of the 50's (&quot;Tales From the Crypt&quot;, &quot;Vault of Horror&quot;) Stephen King and George Romero  present five gruesome, yet humorous tales slickly tied together by some  animated segments.<br />There is some really awesome special effects by wizard  Tom Savini and some surprising good actors show up-(Ted Danson, E.G.  Marshall, Hal Holbrook, Ed Harris.) The directing is clever, especially  when Romero uses split screen techniques to simulate the look of a comic  book.<br />The plots may seem shallow, but if your're a fan of those old  horror comics you'll &quot;get it.&quot; The worst thing you can say about  it: Tom Atkins and Stephen King cheese it up for the worst acting  awards.<br />Added plus: Michael Kamen's amazingly chilling score.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I knew I was in trouble when after 2 hours I was still waiting for this movie to become interesting.  The only thing worse than the picture itself was the three note &quot;sound track&quot; played by a guy with one finger.   If you must see this movie, I'd rent it and only if you can't find  ANYTHING else to rent.
0790744759|5.0|This remains my all time favorite musical, and one of my favorite movies (my all time fave film is The Wizard of Oz). Judy Garland, the greatest performer in film history, turns the world around with her portrayal as  Esther, the proper-song belting-boy crazy daughter in the Smith family.  Another eye catcher is Margaret O' Brien, who won a special Academy Award  at the age of 7 for her role as Tootie, the youngest child of the Smith  family and the mischevious charmer who won the heart of America in this  classic. The greatest film ever done by Judy Garland, and the best musical  in history! A classic!
B000023VR6|5.0|Dre's back! The songs are great and the skits just add to it. The beats rule and so do the lyrics. He's a great rapper and he's got other great rappers to back him up like Snoop and Eminem. Just listen to some of the  songs. You may be surprised!
B000002NJS|4.0|This is a great record, due in no small part to William Orbit. Madonna has always been talented, but I never cared for her public image. This newly maternal side may just be another phase, but who cares? The woman knows how  to entertain and do so with grand style. Ray of Light is chock full of  grand melodies and she 'rawks' out if you can believe it.<br />Favorite songs  have to be Frozen and Swim. Madonna is pregnant again, so there's no  telling what her next record will be like.
0684857219|5.0|If you are loking for a book to teach you not only the basics of bodybuilding, but also to inspire you into changing the shape of your body, then look no further. This encyclopedia tells you everything you ever  wanted to know about building your body, but also how to lose fat, and keep  it off. Nobody did it like arnold, so when you buy this book, you know that  you are getting advice from the worlds best. The book gives an insight into  the history of competitive body building, and the photo's of arnold and  some of his stories which demonstrate his unbelievable level of  determination and willpower is enough to motivate anyone into taking up an  exercise program tomorrow. But this book isn't just for people who want to  become muscle-bound...anyone who ever wondered about the structure of the  human body, what makes it grow, what makes you lose fat, then this  encyclopedia will keep you engrosed for days - Arnold has put together a  wonderful book to read - not only that, but it will inspire you to make  changes in your lifestyle, and teach you how to use your most powerful  weapon...your mind. The lessons taught in this book will not only help you  in the gym, but also in everyday life....The only point i would warn you  about, is that the exercise programs set out in this book, are beyond 99%  of human beings...you would need the genetics of arnold himself to get  throught one of these workouts..However, once you have read this book you  will be able to make your own exercise regime from the knowledge that it  will bring you....Enjoy!
B000002B35|5.0|This album was awesome.  I was not a huge Floyd fan a while back, but after this album I cannot get enough of them.  Maybe since I did not listen to Floyd before 1980 I cannot understand why anyone would give this album a  1 or 2 stars.
6305776326|5.0|i loved this movie..molly shannon is absolutely hilarious!  i was never ever bored and went and saw it 5 times in the theater! i recommend this. and if u are catholic..there are little jokes you will get! very funny. for  example: the radio station is WGOD. i totally think all of you should rent  or buy this
0394810112|5.0|I got his book when i was eight years old and I loved it. I don't think any kid should go without reading it. I love it and it has a great plot line. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is excellent and I love it! You will too. Trust me. :)
B00004NRWH|5.0|After listening to this CD several times after my first review, I have decided to give this album 5 stars instead of 3 stars. My first review was a bit pre-mature. After hearing this a second and third time I realized how  GREAT this is!  &quot;Nickelback&quot; is the next big thing. These guys  rank up with the big boys like &quot;Creed&quot;.  I first stated that this  was not a must have CD. BOY was I wrong. This CD IS A MUST HAVE!   GO GET  IT!
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage Against The Machine possible the most talented rock group in America and they show in songs like &quot;Killing in the Name&quot; and &quot;Know Your Enemy&quot;.
630027179X|5.0|I was 9 years old when Exalibur was released.  They actually released two versions at the same time, a R version and PG version.  My mom was one of those mothers who really didn't mind her child seeing violence or nudity;  therefore, we saw the R version.  I had never seen a rated R movie before.   As the movie began, there were people being hacked to death.  I was even  feeling a bit queasy as Uther made love to the woman he lusted for.  It was  so uncomfortable sitting there with my mom while these scenes were playing.   But the movie has never left my mind and heart. It has been my #1 favorite  film of all time.  It just has this energy and emotion to it that you  rarely ever get out of a book or film.  If you liked Braveheart, then you  will love Excalibur.  It is a movie that will never get old.  It was shot  in a way that it will never depreciate.
0375701427|2.0|I so, so so much wanted to like this book, and find something profound within it. But I didn't. poor old Swede. poor fellow me. What a humbug. Even the radicalness of his daughter was humbug. Or is that the point and I  missed it?  I find Roth's writing boring and self-absorbed. And  condescending towards the working class, as depicted in the glove factory  employees. A man without empathy is the voice I hear from this  author.<br />Still looking for the Great American Novel....
B00000JMG7|4.0|Being a Corkonian, Rory has a special place in my CD collection. This double CD is well worth having in yours. Classic Rory on the live album, with the studio sessions showing the usual brilliance.<br />The only crib I  would have is that the studio sessions seem a bit cold and lacking the fire  of a live performance.<br />For the true Gallagher fan this is immaterial and  any further criticisms are only relevant if you have a considerable  collection of his albums already to compare it to.<br />For the uninitiated I  wouldn't recommend this album as your first introduction to the genius that  was Rory Gallagher, instead I would recommend the Calling Card album. From  there bore your friends and convert them to the best  driving/shagging/chillin' music you'll ever listen to.<br />The BBC sessions  are well worth a place in any collection. Listen to it and marvel how such  a truly gifted guitar legend could be so neglected by the mainstream and  then wallow in the knowledge that for those in the know Rory Gallagher is  one of the top rock musicians of the twentieth century.<br />I would highly  recommend this album. If you don't have Calling Card - you should get that  too! Then just fire up the CD player, plant feet firmly on the ground and  play that air guitar to some of the best tunes this side of the sun!
0385486804|5.0|Until a year ago I had never read an &quot;adventure&quot; story. However, I read this for a book club of which I am a member. The issues and thoughts raised in this book, and the sheer competence of the writing led me into a  new area of literature. I defy anyone who has enjoyed this to stop here -  next comes 'Into Thin Air', then the Anatoli Boukreev book 'The Climb' and  then the whole Everest and mountain climbing genre opens up!<br />I am sure  this is true, because the Amazon 'Customers who bought this....also bought  these...' reminder bears this out.<br />Krakauer is a master at guiding the  reader through an ever-changing emotional response to the subject. At first  I thought Mccandless was a stupid young thing, but then I slowly came to  recognise his point of view, whilst retaining my right to disagree with his  actions.<br />He was hopelessly ill-prepared and naive, but those are not sins  in themselves. Youthful indiscretions usually make a person stronger. In  this case, because of the extreme conditions they led to his death. For  that I cannot condemn the young man, but feel saddened by the avoidable  waste of life. I don't think he had a &quot;death wish&quot; at all - I  think the real sorrow is that, towards the end, the young man's will to  live was probably stronger than ever.<br />Krakauer has done a fine job of  conveying the story and the messages to me.
0060922583|4.0|Ill refrain from any emotional exclamations but this book is a breathtaking and inspiring account of a universe which many people either claim to be too mysterious to explain or too dull to ponder.  At times, the  ideas do take a stretch of the imagination as do most new theories like  say, that the earth isnt flat or the center of the universe.  I wounldn't  recommend it to the close-minded but if you like new ideas and dont mind  the questioning of your beliefs, this is the book for you.
B00004KD1L|4.0|House, groove, funk, techno, hip hop ... all blend nicely from track to track in this excellent compilation type record. I can put it on at any time and know it won'd disappoint. It's impossible to name a favorite track  or tracks because they're all so good. For lovers of bands like Air,  Massive Attack and Moby like me this record is a sure winner.
B000002NHN|5.0|Since I discovered Lorenna McKinnett, I have been totally inspired by her  beautiful voice, her soothing melodies, and her story-telling abilities.   &quot;The Book of Secrets&quot; is a mainstay on my commute to and from  work.  It is a beautiful journey, and I highly recommend it to anyone who  appreciates lyrical imagery.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD was great, the quality of the music was great and whats greta unlike other artist he writes his lyrics himself. I thought this CD wasn't going to compare with some of his golden oldies, but it did and was better  than some of his old ones
630562285X|4.0|I just saw Entrapment last night. It was extrmelly fun to watch. Connery and Zeta-Jones work very well togtether. Get ready for a surprise ending.
0553213105|4.0|The two meet. They are completly wrong for each other, or so they think. Mr. Darcy has too much pride, he thinks he deserves the best of everything, including women.  Elizabeth Bennet is prejudiced against him; she believes  the gossip she hears about him. Who would ever think the two could ever get  along, much less fall in love with each other!  Meanwhile, Elizabeth's  sisters try desperately to find the men of their dreams.  I started  reading this book a little timid. My mom told me that I just had to read it  because it was a classic, but mainly because she read it and loved it when  she was my age. So I had my doubts; my mom and I have different tastes in  books, and I didn't trust her opinion much. I started reading it because I  didn't have much time before I had to finish my book report. I found I  loved the book more than I imagined I would.  This story is romantic;  it leads you in and out of the complicated minds of the Bennet family.  Through the hearts of the many men the Bennet girls tend to take lightly.  Then into the souls of two lovers destined to be together.
B00003OSSL|3.0|Random Hearts centers around the story of two people who lose their spouses on a plane crash. Ford is a Washington DC cop who investigates the tradgey because he lost his wife in the crash. He finds another vivtim of  loss(Kristin Scott Thomas). Together they find out that Ford's wife and  Thomas' husband were on that plane together and they were having an affair.  It has an intriging plot but it really seems to dry out after the first 45  minutes or so. The only reason I saw this was because Harrison Ford.  Without him the film would bomb.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|This movie was so great!  The special effects were awesome.  The scene in the lobby was the best action see ever in a movie.  The plot is great to.  Keauna Reeves kicks in this movie.  Highly recommended for the average  person who like movies.
B000002LK1|5.0|This is the best cd by Depeche Mode. Not only it contains 'Enjoy the silence', which is sort of a classic these days, but also songs like 'World in my eyes', which is equally good, 'Halo', also a slight change of earlier  music and a beautiful track. 'Blue Dress'is great: Maybe it is the best  track on the album. But the main reason for choosing this cd as their best  is that it does not have any filler songs, at least not in the way like  other releases from Depeche Mode can suffer from the occasional unbearable  song. It is a very consistent album with a wonderful production and great  lyrics. This is great music people: read them and weep !
6304539258|5.0|This is the best film in American history. Enough said.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Well, now we know where all of Mariah Careys rejected songs ended up. The only good song is Waiting for Tonight, the dance song that has the gay dance clubs rocking. Warning; if you are expecting a dance CD, don't be  fooled. It's low budget, poorly sung songs that you will quickly forget. If  you want great dance songs look somewhere else. Trouble is this CD has been  a hit so we are in store for more of no talent Jennifer Lopez. What a  dissapointment this CD is. My CD is on the reject pile as we speak.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I THINK KUBRICK DIED OF BOREDOM WHILEST MAKING THIS MOVIE.  If you want to see Kidman and Cruise walk around for several hours lookin' good--this movie is for you.  But do you care about them or what happens to them?    No!
B00002Z88D|1.0|I quess people don't remember this band in the 80's.  They were thrash metal with 8 minute songs.  Then the 90's came and they shortened their songs to get some airplay.  That was fine, the music was good and they  still rocked.  Then they cut their hair in the mid 90's and people said  they were selling out, I thought they had alot of balls to do that.  But  now they have gone as far as playing with an orchestra, this is a sell out  and their is no doubt about it.  When I listen to this it only makes me  laugh.  I think I will put on my Backstreet Boys CD(kidding), at least they  were selling out from the beginning. Pick up their earlier stuff and just  forget about this one.
B00001U03Q|3.0|I am not an Eric Clapton fan, but I have enjoyed the songs he has put forth from the past few years, which are on this album.  I believe you would have to be a fan to appreciate his entire collection on this album,  otherwise it's not worth getting, unless stuck in the used soundtracks  section.
B00002E233|4.0|Hey, if you love the Jaws films this is five star winner!  I brought it before seeing the movie.  It's one of those films you can either get really stuck into and scare yourself stupid, or sit there and just rip it to  pieces with your mates - both equally entertaining!  Enjoy!
B00000JSJC|5.0|Good acting, Good looking scene, Good scenario, several good detail ideas wich make the atmosphere real. This film should be in the list of the Sci-Fi reference. If you like Sci-Fi not only with special effects, do not  miss this one.
B00000J7J4|2.0|this is strictly commercial album. It is a pitty and very ironic that Santana received bunch of Grammys for it. I would put it in the third dozen of all time Santana's works.
B0000025L0|5.0|Stanley Clarke was in his Peak here.he is truly one of the Greatest Bass Players ever.his stuff with Return To Forever is Fantastic to this day.Hot Fun&amp;Life is just a Game are Slammin&quot;.This Album still Knocks me  out to this day.
B000003TA4|4.0|This threesome plays tight; a tour de force through Cobain's guitar hooks and phrasing, the punctuating bass drum of Grohl, or the pounding bass of Novoselic.  Cobains's vocals are gutteral, with occasional heavy metal  bombast.All the same, Nirvana's music makes a statement.  The pedestrian  lyrics wrought by Cobain's deep voice unequivocally go hand in hand with  the raw sound. Yet there is musicianship in their playing!    'Nevermind'  is  essential to any collection, but any enjoyment of the raucous sound is  served  by an occasional listen.
B000000WCA|5.0|I don't know where I went wrong. I am not a pop music fan at ALL. In fact I listen to heavy metal. No, seriously! I like Pantera and Metallica and Nirvana (more grunge than metal though), etc., but for some reason I also  like the Spice Girls. I have all of their albums, solo albums, and a lot of  their solo import singles, too. They are sitting right in between  Soundgarden and Testament CDs. The Spice album has something different than  other pop acts. Spice Girls albums are ones I just can't bring myself to  throw away. Sometimes I can hardly believe I own this kind of music, but I  listen to it, I like it, and I am sick of people branding Spice Girls fans  as poppy teenage girls! Well, I AM a teenage girl, but I'm more gothic than  preppie or poppy. Spice is an album MANY people will like if they can give  it a chance. I don't know how anyone can listen to some of these songs and  honestly say it's airheaded B.S.! The thing is, be open-minded and listen  to it without thinking, &quot;These are the Spice Girls. Bubblegum pop. No!  Bad!&quot; This is like saying some type of food is gross when you've never  even tryed it! I HATE when people do that...
006092988X|5.0|When I was in college about 20 years ago, I needed something to set a plant on.  I took an old book from an old set off the shelf and there it sat for a few years, under various plants.  That book happened to travel  with me, unread, for another 15 years from apartment, to home, to home,  until someone gave me a list of the Top Ten Life-Changing American books.   Happily, most of them I had read as required reading back in school.  I  felt so proud, until I read the subscript that said, &quot;Unless you have  read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn&quot;, you haven't even skimmed the surface  of great American literature&quot;. Truly, the only thought this book  provoked in me was the memory of Bugs Bunny distracting a mad dog with it  to make his getaway, in an old post war cartoon. How could I be missing out  on the &quot;greatest american novel of all times&quot; if Mel Blank was  using it as a dog pee-pee joke? I decided to put aside my Oprah list for a  month, and &quot;suffer&quot; through the novel, stick with it no matter  what.  I wanted to &quot;grow&quot;.How surprised I was to become wrapped  up in this book so completely, that I actually saw my husband peeking at  it.  What could be keeping me so quiet and occupied?  Being the  grandaughter of Immigrant Brooklyn-Americans, I was surprised no one in my  family ever talked about the parallels between the Nolans and our very own  family.  I don't think I was ever required to read it.  I never saw the  movie - didn't even know there was one.  To me, it is the most wonderful  best-kept secret I have ever had right under my nose.
B000000H64|4.0|I really enjoy this CD.  It is very brutal, but FF inject quite a lot of melody into their songs (I.E. chorus of Self Bias Resistor)  This is arguably their best CD to date.  Highlights include Self Bias Resistor, New  Breed, Pisschrist. A very nice CD, these guys have a lot of talent.
006092988X|5.0|When I was in college about 20 years ago, I needed something to set a plant on.  I took an old book from an old set off the shelf and there it sat for a few years, under various plants.  That book happened to travel with me, unread, for another 15 years from apartment, to home, to home,  until someone gave me a list of the Top Ten Life-Changing American books.   Happily, most of them I had read as required reading back in school.  I  felt so proud, until I read the subscript that said, &quot;Unless you have  read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn&quot;, you haven't even skimmed the surface  of great American literature&quot;. Truly, the only thought this book  provoked in me was the memory of Bugs Bunny distracting a mad dog with it  to make his getaway, in an old post war cartoon. How could I be missing out  on the &quot;greatest american novel of all times&quot; if Mel Blank was  using it as a dog pee-pee joke? I decided to put aside my Oprah list for a  month, and &quot;suffer&quot; through the novel, stick with it no matter  what.  I wanted to &quot;grow&quot;.How surprised I was to become wrapped  up in this book so completely, that I actually saw my husband peeking at  it.  What could be keeping me so quiet and occupied?  Being the  grandaughter of Immigrant Brooklyn-Americans, I was surprised no one in my  family ever talked about the parallels between the Nolans and our very own  family.  I don't think I was ever required to read it.  I never saw the  movie - didn't even know there was one.  To me, it is the most wonderful  best-kept secret I have ever had right under my nose.
0441172717|4.0|Dune is one of the most inspirational  sci/fi books that I hav ever read. The  technology in the book seemed  to be extremely none feasible to the recent human culture thst sorrounds us as a people. The story of the chosen  one,Paul Mau'dib a  man that was given to the fremen as there saviour.  He  was the chosen one, the only male that could stand to  the poisonious juice  that only the benajesuits have the  power as women to resist the power of  the jui ce in order to  become one of there own. As the story went on  thw  character of mau'dib  feel in tot he world of the fremen and wanted to help  them out of there  fight for freedom . He was the only one that could do it  for them. If he didn't do it he would just be wasting his talent. His  talent to  control the world in his fingers. He do it all he had the people  afraid of what he could do , and it was all over one little insignifacant  thing. He now  controls  the spice and will for a long time never be  harmed.
076783819X|4.0|Contrary to what you may think initially, nothing happens by coincidence on \\"Arlington Road.\\"  Outstanding performances by Jeff Bridges (As Michael Faraday) and Tim Robbins (Oliver Lang) highlight this taut thriller about  terrorism in America, a disturbing film instilled with a sense of loss,  fear and paranoia.  Director Mark Pellington perhaps does not mine this  vein to the depths, but there is still a silver lining in this movie, which  contains elements of two of Alfred Hitchcock's classics, \\"The Man Who Knew  Too Much,\\" and \\"North By Northwest.\\"  Had this film been made forty years  ago, in fact, Hitchcock would have been at the helm and we would have had  James Stewart instead of Bridges and Richard Widmark in place of Robbins.   When Jeff Bridges stars in a thriller, you can usually bet that the project  is going to be a cut above the average fare of the genre, and this one is  no exception, arguably his best of it's kind since \\"Jagged Edge.\\"  This is  a riveting film, and the tension builds steadily throughout as we uncover,  along with Faraday, the dark secrets which ultimately lead to an explosive  climax.  The excellent supporting cast includes Joan Cusack, Hope Davis and  Robert Gossett.  A trip to \\"Arlington Road\\" is a jolt to the senses and may  cause you to stop and rethink a few things about your life.  At the very  least, you're going to want to finally meet that neighbor who moved in  across the street last year.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|FIGHT CLUB IS THE MOST DISTUBING AND AWAKENING FILM OF ITS TIME. I CANT SEE THIS MOVIE ENOUGH! GUYS ARE GONNA LOVE IT AND IT'LL MAKE THE AVERAGE GIRLIE-GIRL ILL. THIS MOVIE IS A WORK OF ART. IT'S POETIC AND INSAINLY  HILARIOUS.  EVERY TIME I WATCH IT I SEE SOMETHING NEW. FIGHT CLUB IS  THOUGHT-PROVOKING AND LIFE-ALTERING. I'M GOING THROUGH WIDTHDRAWL SINCE THE  LAST TIME I'VE SEEN IT (5 TIMES AT THE THEATRE SO FAR). I AM OBCESSED WITH  FIGHT CLUB THERE'S NOTHING OUT THERE LIKE IT. OH-MY-GOD I CANT PRAISE THIS  FILM ENOUGH. IF YOU LIKED ED NORTON IN AMERICAN HISTORY X YOU'LL BE  OBCESSIVELY IN LOVE WITH HIS WORK AFTER SEEING THIS ONE! FIGHT CLUB HAS  CHANGED THIS GAL'S LIFE!
0684867621|3.0|I started to reading this book awhile after christmas. It was not that kind of book you cant put down, but it wasnt that kind of book you just read halt trouh. Its about this girl who get lost in the forrests of Maine.  A book about how to be young and lonely and how to be afraid. All the book  throuh I waited for this thrilling moment that  Stephen King usualy has in  his book, but it never came. The book is not the best hes ever written, but  its worth a shot if you are a fan who dont need all the blood and horror.  Harts in Atlantis is alot better!
0380804557|4.0|I was inspired to read this because I enjoyed &quot;Neverwhere&quot; so much.  They are two very different types of books.  Neverwhere has a gritty, modern edge to it, while this is more like a period fairy tale.  I  think he's a great writer:  both books have beautiful, witty prose that's a  pleasure to read.  Also, he has a vivid imagination and a talent for  story-telling.  The one thing I'd like to see, though, is better  characterization.  My only complaint with Stardust would be that the hero  and heroine seem flat and lifeless; I'd like to see more emotion.  That's  still a minor objection, given Neil Gaiman's many strengths.
0140177396|4.0|George and lennie are good friends and they travel together. After death of lennie's aunt lennie become very close to George. Lennie is a mentally sick person even he doesn't understand some one had a played on him. He is  a huge man, shapeless of face with large, pale eyes with wide and sloping  shoulders. He likes to pet pups specially rabbits. George is opposite to  lennie. George is small and quick, dark of face, with restless eyes and  sharp. Other corrector is slim. He is tall skinner. Slim is person who  knows everything about farming than anyone. Next corrector is Curley. He is  son of the boss. He is very hot temper man. Other corrector is Purty. Purty  is Curley's wife but she is very... easy going. Other corrector is whit. He  is also young farmer working with them. Other corrector is Crooks. He is a  Negro and he is living with same place with everybody but in separate room.  He maintains his room very clean and he reads book. He keeps himself away  from others because he is others are racist on him. UNBELIVEBLEEND,
0226264017|5.0|No other book anywhere is more important for the student of economics.  Compared to other books on economics, it is very concise and well written. You will gain more insight per minute of time expended than from almost any  other text. <br />The book is timeless because the principles Professor  Friedman explains are bedrock foundations of the Capitalist economic  system. In almost all universities you are taught a system of thought that  inevitably leads to an emphasis and reliance upon Government and the State,  basically, socialism as a solution to our economic problems.  Professor  Friedman clearly spells out better solutions in which markets can solve our  problems more efficiently than Government and Socialism.  More important,  Friedman shows that only Capitalism is consistent with the concepts of  Liberty that motivated the Founding Fathers of the United States,  principles that led to the drafting of the Constitution.  The book  Captialism and Freedom has stood the test of time, and still represents the  single best source to obtain an understanding of economic markets and how  they work, without jargon or mathematics. Instead, Friedman goes directly  to the essence of market economics, and liberty, in a simple and  straightforward manner.  This book will show you how you can use the  economic system to make yourself an independent person, capable of taking  advantage of the liberty that free markets promote.  <br />This book will help  you understand why the institutions of Government, such as the public  schools, the Post Office, and the Federal Reserve Board, inevitably become  inefficient and problematic compared to private enterprise solutions.  At  present, Professor Friedman heads up a foundation, The Friedman Foundation,  which promotes free enterprise within the public school system, referred to  as School Choice and Vouchers.  The intellectual concepts for this  suggested improvement in our public schools were spelled out in Captialism  and Freedom.  Finally, Professor Friedman spells out the intellectual  foundation for the results of his study of the history of monetary policy  and the inevitable problems of the Federal Reserve Board.  The problems of  the Federal Reserve that were discussed in Professor Friedman's Monetary  History of the United States are problems that are inherent in government  enterprise, issues that are discussed in Capitalism and Freedom.<br />This  book is a must read for any serious student of Politics or Economics.   Also, because the book is written in a simple and straightforward manner,  any lay person without training in economics will gain fundamental insight  into the structure of the Capitalist system and the inevitable problems of  Socialism.
0783211856|5.0|Steven Spielberg's greatest triumph. While more than 3 hours long it is never boring and has a pace that most 1 movies would die for. Superb acting by Liam Neeson as Oscar Schindler, he gives a quietly powerful  performance that says it all, Ben Kingsley is also great as his accountant,  but the most realistic performance comes from Ralph Fiennes who plays the  mercyless nazi, he draws his character so perfectly that when he shoots the  jews we actually expect it. But it's the direction of Steven Spielberg that  makes the film extraordinary. He stamps the film with his own brand of  story-telling creating an extremely entertaining, fascinating, horrifying  and ultimately poignant film experience. Also great cinematography, score,  editing, etc. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10!
0226264017|5.0|No other book anywhere is more important for the student of economics.  Compared to other books on economics, it is very concise and well written. You will gain more insight per minute of time expended than from almost any  other text. <br />The book is timeless because the principles Professor  Friedman explains are bedrock foundations of the Capitalist economic  system. In almost all universities you are taught a system of thought that  inevitably leads to an emphasis and reliance upon Government and the State,  basically, socialism as a solution to our economic problems.  Professor  Friedman clearly spells out better solutions in which markets can solve our  problems more efficiently than Government and Socialism.  More important,  Friedman shows that only Capitalism is consistent with the concepts of  Liberty that motivated the Founding Fathers of the United States,  principles that led to the drafting of the Constitution.  The book  Captialism and Freedom has stood the test of time, and still represents the  single best source to obtain an understanding of economic markets and how  they work, without jargon or mathematics. Instead, Friedman goes directly  to the essence of market economics, and liberty, in a simple and  straightforward manner.  This book will show you how you can use the  economic system to make yourself an independent person, capable of taking  advantage of the liberty that free markets promote.  <br />This book will help  you understand why the institutions of Government, such as the public  schools, the Post Office, and the Federal Reserve Board, inevitably become  inefficient and problematic compared to private enterprise solutions.  At  present, Professor Friedman heads up a foundation which promotes free  enterprise within the public school system, referred to as School Choice  and Vouchers.  The intellectual foundations for this suggested improvement  in our public schools were laid in Captialism and Freedom.  Finally,  Professor Friedman spells out the intellectual foundation for the results  of his study of the history of monetary policy and the inevitable problems  of the Federal Reserve Board.  The problems of the Federal Reserve that  were discussed in Professor Friedman's Monetary History of the United  States are problems that are inherent in government enterprise, issues that  are discussed in Capitalism and Freedom.<br />This book is a must read for any  serious student of Politics or Economics.  Also, because the book is  written in a simple and straightforward manner, any lay person without  training in economics will gain fundamental insight into the structure of  the Capitalist system and the inevitable problems of Socialism.
B00004NRUM|5.0|I love this album, his unique atmosphere .  Without a doubt the best album from the Hogarth era , but warning not for easy listeners !
0226264017|5.0|No other book anywhere is more important for the student of economics.  Compared to other books on economics, it is very concise and well written. You will gain more insight per minute of time expended than from almost any  other text. <br />The book is timeless because the principles Professor  Friedman explains are bedrock foundations of the Capitalist economic  system. In almost all universities you are taught a system of thought that  inevitably leads to an emphasis and reliance upon Government and the State,  basically, socialism as a solution to our economic problems.  Professor  Friedman clearly spells out better solutions in which markets can solve our  problems more efficiently than Government and Socialism.  More important,  Friedman shows that only Capitalism is consistent with the concepts of  Liberty that motivated the Founding Fathers of the United States,  principles that led to the drafting of the Constitution.  The book  Captialism and Freedom has stood the test of time, and still represents the  single best source to obtain an understanding of economic markets and how  they work, without jargon or mathematics. Instead, Friedman goes directly  to the essence of market economics, and liberty, in a simple and  straightforward manner.  This book will show you how you can use the  economic system to make yourself an independent person, capable of taking  advantage of the liberty that free markets promote.  <br />This book will help  you understand why the institutions of Government, such as the public  schools, the Post Office, and the Federal Reserve Board, inevitably become  inefficient and problematic compared to private enterprise solutions.  At  present, Professor Friedman heads up a foundation which promotes free  enterprise within the public school system, referred to as School Choice  and Vouchers.  The intellectual foundations for this suggested improvement  in our public schools were laid in Captialism and Freedom.  Finally,  Professor Friedman spells out the intellectual foundation for the results  of his study of the history of monetary policy and the inevitable problems  of the Federal Reserve Board.  The problems of the Federal Reserve that  were discussed in Professor Friedman's Monetary History of the United  States are problems that are inherent in government enterprise, issues that  are discussed in Capitalism and Freedom.<br />This book is a must read for any  serious student of Politics or Economics.  Also, because the book is  written in a simple and straightforward manner, any lay person without  training in economics will gain fundamental insight into the structure of  the Capitalist system and the inevitable problems of Socialism.
B000002JKA|5.0|Awake it's a great master piece. It's not a concept album, but it's a REAL album, not only a list of songs. The best track is for me 'The mirror': one of my favorite track of all time !  Heavy, melodic I love it. Just one  negative point : 'Space Dye Ves' . This song is not really a DT song. I  think it's the only mistake of this album
0140177396|5.0|&quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; was an assignment for my eleventh grade American Literature class.  I loved the way that Steinbeck captured Lennie's emotions and inner struggles.  The vivid confrontations between  George and Lennie were fabulously detailed.  George's patience with his  companion is a prominent theme that grasps the reader by the heart.   Steinbeck's technique of scattering reoccurring themes throughout his novel  help to draw the story into a circle.  &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; is very  straightforward, easy to read and it's short length kept my attention.   Steinbeck depicted a detailed, symbolic story in a short amount of time and  I think that this skill should be applauded!  I loved this book and I  recommend it to anyone with a compassionate and caring heart!
B0000399WI|5.0|The Shawshank Redemtion is a compelling and gripping movie.Though many critics are critical of its length it is hardly noticeable for anyone who has the emotional or mental capacity to truly enjoy the value of the  film.If you want a film that is made for those who enjoy a deeper meaning  in what they watch, not just big men running around shooting things or  crazed serial killers that have come back from the dead to exact some  revenge, I highly recommend seeing this film.I can honestly say it is the  best motion picture my eyes have had the honor to see.
015670160X|3.0|Orlando is broad and wide (time-wise and subject-wise). It's a costume drama, and although the plot is interesting, I felt like I needed to cross-reference English literary history books while reading. Woolf varies  her prose style with the time period, and although the idea is novel and  she explores gender questions expertly, I am always more interested in  small, emotional stories than sprawling epics.
0767840135|5.0|I have seen Cirque Du Soleil before in Hong Kong and I don`t have words to say what is to see it live. The whole cirque not only the artists are incredible. They really know how to make a world of fantasy.  Everybody  should see it and dream inside this fantasy.
0451196716|5.0|One of Stephen Kings best books!  The concept of the Long Walk (I read it in Dutch, where it is translated as &quot;The Marathon&quot;) is amazing and gives you great insight in the madness of other societies, beliefs and  ideas. Before you read it, you think &quot;this will never happen in modern  society; the idea is outrageous!&quot;. But then you start thinking about  all the other things people die for these days: the ideal weight  (anorexic?), sports, an idea, a political belief....why not this? The book  is very gripping, it is a cliche - I know - but it is very hard to put  down. It moves you to tears sometimes, because King portrays the despair  and the helplessness of the characters in a way where you want to reach in  the book and help them yourself. Five stars! Normally I am not  automatically a King fan (at least not all of his books), but this is a  good one. It stays with you.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I bought Supernatural after reading a lot of the online reviews, speaking with a couple of friends and listening to some selections played on radio. <br />The CD is good, only one should have been omitted the one with Lauryn  Hill.<br />I enjoyed Africa Bamba immensely that and Maria Maria are my  favorite tracks on the CD.
0792837622|3.0|I had never seen this movie until about two summers ago.  my sister and i rented it, and since then, we can't get enough.   every once in a while, you just have to have a cheesy love story. the songs are fun to sing along  with, the acting is good, and overall, it is just a really fun movie.  if  you haven't seen it yet, you should.  my parents hate it, but the music is  just so fun, my sister and i can't resist watching it multiple times.
B00000I01A|5.0|This training music was very helpful in my training I bought it last week, I am 12 and before I bought this cd,I coudn't touch my toes i couldn't do a pushup but now 2 workouts and I can touch my toes and do pushups in a  little while I am going to run the mile for my school and I AM going to do  better.I am not a gifted athlete,but I am going to work at it.if rocky can  do it i can cause i'm livin in america and my heart's on fire and thiers no  easy way out for everyone!
0140177396|5.0|My name is Sara Frackelton and I am a junior at Saint Mary's in Raleigh, North Carolina. The novel, Of Mice and Men was assigned to us about 3 weeks ago. I never would have picked up this book if Mrs. Pearson had not required us to do so.      I thought the book was touching and emotionally  moving. When I finished reading it, I felt like I had lost a friend.  Steinbeck created very likable and realistic characters. I also think I  have grown after reading Of Mice and Men. I realized how love can hurt and  relationships can be on more than one level. George would rather kill  Lennie out of love than watch him suffer and live with no freedom. To me,  that is true love and companionship with another human being.
6305750750|5.0|The Phantom Menace was a film that took the entire nation by storm.  This movie was not just for Star Wars fans, it was a film everybody could enjoy.  Compared to a lot of what's out in theaters today The Phantom Menace just  makes it simple.  There is no grotesque violence, nudity, or sex.  This  film keeps you mesmerized by the story and especially the special effects,  they are astounding.  All in all if you are a Star Wars fan you will enjoy  this movie and if you are not a Star Wars fan im pretty sure you will  too...
B00000J6AG|5.0|great cd. moby is a great guy at singing. the songs &quot;bodyrock&quot; and &quot;honey&quot; are great. moby is a mix of blues pop and rock. I am a big fan of limp bizkit but moby if getting up there. so you should buy  this cd right away. hope you like my review.
6304057709|5.0|This film is lovely and perfect in every way.  The screenplay, casting and soundtrack are all brilliant.  I am so pleased that yet another generation is being introduced to Jane Austen's wonderful works.  She was my favorite  author as a teenager 30 years ago and since seeing this film and the  A&amp;E Pride &amp; Prejudice miniseries, I have reread her all books.   This movie is perfection.
B000002B2T|5.0|Above ranks #1 with me in my all time favorite albums list. Its vivid sound scapes and mellow lyrics are the most impressive things about this album. Staley and company deliver one of the most profound pieces of  musical work I have ever heard. The lyrics are deep and seem to help you  remember almost any memory , good or bad. The instrumentation produced by  Mc Ready and Martin is incredible . I don't think I can say any more about  it . except that it is mental freedom in a disc.
6305750750|5.0|Great Movie, I am a big fan!  I loooooove this movie, I cant wait until April 4, could you send it before? <br />Love, Bobby!
B00000064G|5.0|Nick Drake's Pink Moon is a simple collection of acoustic melodies blending softly with his stark (and at times, even rasping) voice.  It reminds me of a bittersweet warm drink on a cool day.  Although there is  not just a whole lot of dramatic change or variation in or between the  songs, to my ears they all sound right.  A lone man with his guitar: a  method that could fall either between sparse and/or dull, or breathtaking;  this album leaning much more toward the latter. <BR><BR> Favorite tracks  are Pink Moon (that beautiful few chords for the VW spot), Which Will,  Place to Be, and the very last track on this brief collection, From the  Morning... but they've all got something special to them.<BR><BR> This  album is sad, but to me it also provides an escape.  It allows for a sense  of quiet and solitude, which is certainly not always unwelcome.   Although  it is a wonderful album (definitely one of my favorites), it is not for  everyone.  Not everyone will find the same sense of sad solace I do, or  even find that the simple melodies of Nick Drake and his guitar hold  something meaningful.  It's not an album for those who find themselves  impatient easily with anything not fast-paced or loud.  It's for those who  can sit back and live gently in their own quiet once in awhile.  It is  beautiful, and poignant, and it is a brilliant recording; simple and pure.
0671042858|4.0|Many people seem to think this book isn't scary, but I thought it was much scarier than some of Mr. King's earlier works. It's true that not a lot of real action occurs in the story, but everything that the poor little girl  goes through was more than interesting enough to keep me reding. This book  has become my second favorite work by Mr. King after the Green Mile.
6305807086|5.0|Malkovich, Malkovich Malkovich?  Malkovich.  Malkovich Malkovich!   MALKOVICH!   What does that mean?  Hmm, don't know.  But those of you who have seen this magnificient film know what I'm getting at.  What can I say  about this wonderful film?  It's one of the most bizarre, inventive,  incredible, original and hilarious films to come along in years, heck, even  decades!  What's the story you ask?  Well. . .It's the simple story of a  puppeteer, an actor, a 7 1/2 floor, a portal, a dowdy wife, an actor, an  abrasive female co-worker, a chimp, the New Jersey Turnpike, a 105 year old  boss, and oh yeah, Charlie Sheen.  What does all this add up to?  One of  the greatest films of 1999.  If you are tired of the typical  &quot;Hollywood&quot; comedy, give this truly orginal film a chance.  Spike  Jonze, the director, has pieced together a modern classic.  Buy this  immediately!  You wont regret it.  MALKOVICH!
6302548195|5.0|Ever since i saw it three yeers ago i loved it , but when i went back to the store where i origionaly rented it, the workers there told me it was gone and is out of print.  If anybody has an old copy of it that just sits  and collects dust, i would love to buy it off you, contact me  &quot;MIRROR7&quot;
6305807086|5.0|Malkovich, Malkovich Malkovich?  Malkovich.  Malkovich Malkovich!   MALKOVICH!   What does that mean?  Hmm, don't know.  But those of you who have seen this magnificient film know what I'm getting at.  What can I say  about this wonderful film?  It's one of the most bizarre, inventive,  incredible, original and hilarious films to come along in years, heck, even  decades!  What's the story you ask?  Well. . .It's the simple story of a  puppeteer, an actor, a 7 1/2 floor, a portal, a dowdy wife, an abrasive  female co-worker, a chimp, the New Jersey Turnpike, a 105 year old boss,  and oh yeah, Charlie Sheen.  What does all this add up to?  One of the  greatest films of 1999.  If you are tired of the typical  &quot;Hollywood&quot; comedy, give this truly orginal film a chance.  Spike  Jonze, the director, has pieced together a modern classic.  Buy this  immediately!  You wont regret it.  MALKOVICH!
6305609691|5.0|Awesome sound and picture quality.  I could hear the choppers flying around in my living room.  Unique sound experience if you have 5.1 decoder and surround sound speakers.  Best sound I ever heard so far in a DVD  movie. This is the way to bring back to market place an old movie.  As of  3/22/2000 ranked 34th place on amazon's top seller chart.  It will move up,  it is a good buy at 20 bucks. The movie itself is great, but read the other  reviews to find out more.  I was simply amazed by the sound and picture  quality of this DVD.
0767822617|4.0|Looking back now, nearly every relationship with my friends reflects what this movie has reveals. The end is sad, but is the best choice. I get to understand more the end of the Beatles, and you can always get strength  from it. A good story hardly need anything else. However, thanks to the  wonderful director,actor,actress and the song.
B00004LN16|5.0|The good old ACDC is back.  Definitely as good as some of the best stuff they have ever done. Out of the 12 songs on the album, 10 are just TOP QUALITY and just kick-a$$. Instead of getting the usual album with 2 to 3  good songs on it, you get 10 of them.  The only song that should not have  been part of this album is &quot;Safe in New York City&quot;.  Words are  lame and so is the music. If you are an ACDC fan, this is what you've been  waiting for.
0800177975|1.0|I first saw this movie in the theaters and I really didn't like it. It was so corny and the plot wasn't that good. This movie is getting really annoying because it comes on TV almost everyday.  I thought this movie was  like a two an a half hour TV skit from Saturday Night Live.
B00004RD54|5.0|An argument can be made that this is the greatest live rock'n'roll album of all time. Certainly, it is on the best albums of the 1970s and you don't have to like Lou Reed at all to buy it!  Moreover, found herein are the  definitive versions of Reed's Velvet Underground canon: \\"Sweet Jane,\\"  \\"White Light/White Heat,\\" and \\"Heroin.\\"  Most of Lou Reed's other solo work  is self-absorbed, self-pitying and musically thin. \\"Rock'n'Roll Animal\\"  contains some of the greatest rock guitar work--period.  Guitarists Dick  Wagner and Steve Hunters' playing is blistering, snarling, inspired, and  absolutely rocking. Forced to compete with this powerful back-up band, Reed  has to shout and fight to deliver his vocals over the smoldering  accompaniment. But it works. Reed's normally monotone and off-kilter  singing sounds animated and inspired. Be sure to buy the recently  re-mastered version (the one with purple photographs of Reed on the back)  which contains two additional songs (\\"How Do You Think It Feels\\" and  \\"Caroline Says I\\"). Rock'n'Roll animal indeed!
0767835255|1.0|If I hadn't wasted my money on this stupid movie I would have been happy but you know what this movie wasn't exciting at all. Poor, Harrison Ford had to act for the main character in this movie. The rest of his movies are  great but this one is definetly not good! This movie is about a couple of  terriosts who hijack a plane and try to kill a president, see it's a stupid  movie. The Die Hard movies are the best! This movie is just plain dumb.
B00003Q438|4.0|This is definaately one of the best DVD's around.  The options are incredible and both versions are awsome.  The only problem I had with the DVD is the fact that it seems like the sound transfer was unbalanced.  the  dialoug seemed too quiet at parts and i had to constantly lower and raise  the levels.  otherwise, this is a must have for any movie fan.
B000001EHS|5.0|&quot;Vault&quot; is a wonderful compilation of Def Leppard's hits!  Even though I'm partial to their earlier works (&quot;High N' Dry&quot; and &quot;Pyromania&quot;), the mix of old and new on &quot;Vault&quot; is  great.  There are a few songs that I wish had been included, such as  &quot;Women&quot; and &quot;Me and my wine&quot;.  Def Leppard proves once  again that a band can get better with age.  I would definately recomend  this CD to old and new Def Leppard listeners.
B000002H2H|5.0|It's the best Metallica album. That's all folks ...
0783240287|5.0|This is a superb visualisation of the show based on the early 90's London Revival with Jason Donovan and (subsequently) Philip Schofield.  The production was then moved to the US where Donny Osmond took the title role  for 6 or 7 years.  This version owes a lot to the original London Revival  production.  The Canaan sets and the Pharoah sets are practically identical  to those of the stage version, just fleshed out a bit.  The jail and  Potiphar's offices are a new departure, with a triangular theme in black,  white and silver.  What impressed me the most, though, was the huge  involvement of the chorus in this production. The chorus work also seems to  have been augmented, with additional harmony lines and dances.  All in all,  a reaffirmation of the stage as a medium, even in video form!  Enjoy!
0767805712|5.0|I can't say much that hasn't already been said about the movie, so I'll just comment on the deleted scenes. Most deleted scene I've seen would have had very little impact on the story or the characters. Gattaca has some  deleted scenes that would have definitely changed the feel for some of the  characters. I think a scene with Alan Arkin should have been kept in the  original cut as well as one with the janitor.
B00003CWPL|5.0|I'm waiting for this film to be release on DVD! In hopes of more deleted scenes, Out-takes and directors comments! I can dream can't I?  Or should I ask for what may be another Lynching of my peace of mind?  It's dark, It's  gloomy, and foreboding!  The film   got such a cold chilling edge on it.   You have to focus on every frozen moment and capture the essence of feeling  of every moment that you view scenes from Eraserhead.  Cold as Ice and dead  on with fear and loathing of the pain of living and dealing with things we  cannot control yet still force our lives into.   We can't paint it any  other way better than David Lynch.  There isn't a better work out by this  extra ordinary director.  You will have to either tie the viewer to the  chair to watch this or threaten them off your x-mas list from watching it  every month.  I fully recommend this film for the open minded and thought  pro-vocable public.  It will make you thankful your neurosis aren't as  obvious.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I love listening to Carlos Santana play the guitar!  Just listen to Migra and Corazon Espinado.  One star short for Rob Thomas and G&amp;B trying to sing w/ Latin-American accents, good try guys, but no...Santana keeps it  real with a band of instruments (drums, piano, horns, etc.) instead of a  keyboard...Way to go Carlos!
0780625129|5.0|Simply Brilliant. A must see. Words cannot describe how moving or educational this film is. It will stay with you forever.
6305718911|2.0|I am not a Catholic, but Russian Orthodox, but nevertheless I was upset after watching this movie. It contains anti-Catholic agenda, pretty blunt and offensive, which says more about minds of the creators of this film  than about Catholic Church. This film can't hold a candle to genuine and  much deeper \\"Exorcist\\", story about real possession and exorcism. Why to  create mediocre film merely to make a political, anti-Catholic statement  (not very convincing one either)?  I still can't believe that the American  director could shoot the movie so much resembling official Soviet Communist  anti-religious propaganda.
B0000009OP|5.0|A friend of mine recently turned me on to Morphine.  They are unlike anyone else around.  I only wish I would of found them sooner.   This Cd is perfect \\"coffee music\\".  It has a unique smokey jazzy feel.  In  just a few months I collected a portion of the Morphine catalog, and I have  to say if you are just discovering the band \\"Cure for the Pain\\"  is the place to start.    It's been several years since I wrote the above review.  After several years I still come back to this CD every few months.  It's one of the finest pieces in my collection.
014028009X|3.0|First off, I tend not to like to rate books with stars, as I like to choose an emblem that somehow illustrates the theme of the book or movie I am reviewing. For instance with Catcher In The Rye, I used a Blueberry  Muffin. Mm, mm, muffins!, for Lolita, I used a thermometer, and for Crime  and Punishment, I used a surly dwarf. Mm, mm, dwarves! Here I would again  use a muffin. Speaking of which...
B000002IP1|3.0|&quot;You never thought you'd ever get the taste/You never thought it could be this good.&quot; Phil Collins sings these lines during the &quot;Sussudio&quot; knock-off that starts this album. The film/ TV/pop  star, out of Genesis' sphere, was enjoying and building on his success.  This album shows that conservatism, recalling his previous #1 album  &quot;No Jacket Required&quot; in many respects.<br />&quot;Hang In Long  Enough&quot; yet again crosses Earth, Wind, &amp; Fire horns with a  &quot;1999&quot; synth riff and Phil's congratulatory lyrics. &quot;Find A  Way To My Heart&quot; slows the tempo and arrangement of &quot;Take Me  Home,&quot; while &quot;Father &amp; Son&quot; adapts Phil's Genesis ballad  style.<br />All this would be acceptable if Phil had new lyric ideas to  present. And true, Collins' empathy for society's victims in &quot;Another  Day In Paradise&quot; and &quot;Colors&quot; is genuine. But he presents it  in a near-laughable collection of colloquial cliches. We listen and learn  that &quot;you can't take it with you when you go,&quot; &quot;you don't  know what you got until you lose it,&quot; and &quot;that was then and this  is now&quot; (all in one song!) And don't forget that you can take a horse  to water, put a gun to his head, but you can't make him drink.<br />Collins  gets stellar vocal help from David Crosby and Stephen Bishop (on  &quot;Paradise&quot; and the low-key, somber &quot;Do You Remember?&quot;)  and from Eric Clapton, whose stinging guitar highlights the LP's final and  best track, the anthemic &quot;I Wish It Would Rain Down.&quot; But  overall, the failure of this Phil Collins set lies (seriously) with the  artist whose face fills the cover.
B000000W3G|5.0|One of the coolest cd experiences out there.  Awesome box as well, looks  like an old 45 box.  Great book, not to mention the awesome cds there.   Mellon Collie is not complete without this set.  This has great stuff on  it, really great stuff.  could just listen to it forever (with pastichio  medley it seems like it lol)  awesome collection, for both hard core  pumpkin heads and just passing fans.  Get this thing it rocks
B00003CWPR|5.0|It is a great mystery to me, as to why many people didn't like this movie. This is probably Kubricks best film. His direction his great, the cinematography is genious, and Tom Cruise &amp; Nicole Kidman have never  been better. That this movie didn't get a Best Film nom. from the academy  just shows how much they know about movies. And even if you don't like this  movie, bye it for the extras on the DVD, the interviews with Tom, Nicole  and Spielberg, are ALL the money worth. You'll probably never see anything  like this again, so enjoy!
0783231482|5.0|I usta love the sequal but soon learned it was nothing but clique of a movie. After watching the &quot;origional&quot; Blues Brothers, I grew to love it. I believe this will be the 1rst rared-R movie I could watch by  myself. But I loved Dan Aykroyd in this movie(whom I've NEVER seen in any  other movie before)! Although Belushi's name was first on the cover I much  thought Elwood had the lead to Jake. I LOVE DAN AKYROYD!
0553208845|5.0|It is my opinion that not everything in life can be learned. This was evident in Siddhartha. He learns the knowledge offered him by teachers quickly, but after meeting Gotama he realizes that not all knowledge can be  attained through teaching. There are things inside everyone that cannot be  brought out through a teacher's words, and these things must be found by  one's self. When Gotama tells of the suffering of the material world,  Siddhartha must experience it to know it and believe it. So he goes to live  with Kamala and the merchant. Soon he proves to himself that this life is  indeed full of suffering and he reaches the point of suicide. At that very  moment he hears within himself a sound that encourages him to move on and  find what he has been seeking for so long, and that is a knowledge of  himself.
1567184855|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read on LIFE. I keep ordering it and giving the copies away. I'm almost driven to share this treasure with everyone. I've never been compelled to do this with other books. As  everyone before has said-&quot;it resonates with my soul&quot;. READ  IT-you'll see.
0780622650|2.0|The thing that made the television series so interesting was the strange (and campy) alien intelligences that the Robinson family seemed to encounter each week. This crucial element from the television series is  entirely missing from this film.  Unfortunately, no amount of special  effects or high-tech wizardry, which this movie has plenty of, is enough to  save it. Instead of interesting aliens, the movie bombards us with a horde  of spiders that become tedious after two minutes.  Its truly incredible  that with all the millions of dollars spent on this movie, no one was able  to figure this out!
0783237979|5.0|I have seen the show on stage, I have the VHS and will be getting the DVD.  There are few shows that I want in my collection but THIS is one.  Normally stage productions do not carry over well to the small screen, this  one does - and then some.  Seeing the faces of the characters close upis  VERY important in this show, moreso than in other musicals.  This is a  keeper.
B00000IPAX|1.0|POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP this album is completely  pop. I cannot find one punk song on Enema Of The State.... not one. So as a  pop album it may be alright. &quot;Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah  nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah&quot; as they say ---------- POP   Enema of the State = POP (My brother lieks it, it must be pop)
B00000DC7J|5.0|This CD is 5 stars from the 1st music to the end. The Concierto para quinteto is my favourite, with incredible piano and guitar playing. Traditional tango, although I like it, sounds like child music in front of  this tour-de-force. Buy this CD, you can't be wrong
0553108034|5.0|I have just beugn to read this book. In less than 50 pages I was hooked. This book os full of scheming, dasterdly charachters, capable of unthinkable acts. Charachter development is detailed and realistic. I am  excited at finding another interesting series to keep me busy waiting for  more &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; and other popular series new arrivals.
1573225517|5.0|this book was amazing, i couldn't put it down.  athough i still don't understand any more about men, i can fully recognize the characters in this book with many men that i know.
630575067X|5.0|People who actually form thier own independant opinions on things must objectively rate this as one of the most entertaining movies of all time--if they can be honest with themselves.  The Special FX were  great--the story was fresh without having to add gratuitous sex or gory  violence(the jaded can't seem to live without this sort of thing).  At the  theatre I was on the edge of my seat during the whole pod racer sequence,  and during Aniken's hair raising trip in the fighter craft.  My whole  family loved Jar Jar Binks and talked about him all the way home.  I think  Alien Intolerence should be the next target of the Civil Rights movement.
6305750750|5.0|I am just writing this in case only the most recent reviews of the movie are shown.  Once again, a classic was released, and it is not surprising that many shallow individuals have failed to recognize it as such.  Very  rarely is such great work recognized in its own time.  Those of us whom  thought the best character was Darth Maul, missed the movie entirely.  I am  willing to bet that most only enjoyed the originals because it was part of  life growing up.  Now with this new release may have been waiting for  something that would make them laugh, cry and pee their pants.  I'm  rambling, but to summarize, I am ashamed of anyone with any sense, Star  Wars fan or not, that dogs on this flick.  Great characters, great action,  great animations, great emotions -- Hats off.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie was great.  The ads for this made it look stupid, but when I went with a friend to the theatre to see it, I was impressed.  The plot built up more and more and was extremely clever.  The new cover on the DVD  is quite bad, but I can ignore that now like the ads that introduced me to  this movie.
0871137380|5.0|What a magnificent book about the great men whosedeedsexemplify everything that is still honorable and noble about ourcountry.  On the level of \\"We Were Soldiers Once, And Young\\" or \\"The Nightingale's Song,\\" and all the more impressive because Mr. Bowden has no military background or training.  If only our political leaders would read -and heed- a book like this.  Seen the news lately?  Hmm, US paratroopers are conducting small-unit raids against weapons caches in a hostile foreign city.  In the past week a patrol of 15 Americans was surrounded for hours by a crowd of angry Serbs after detaining a suspected militant.  And the Albanian population we originally went in to protect is now turning against us. Where have we heard this before.  And how many more Real Americans need to die before our leaders learn this lesson once and for all. Apparently the two who died in Kosovo last year when their vehicle flipped, weren't enough.  (JFK Jr's plane crash was more \\"newsworthy\\" that week.)  But, as Casey Joyce's father said, \\"Unfortunate Losses Have Names.\\" May we never forget the names (and families) of Gary Gordon, Randy Shughart, James Smith, and the other brave men who died on 3 October 1993.
B0000027RL|3.0|easily P.J.'s worst album, not in terms of sales obviously but in the sheer interest it creates...of course those who hopped on the post-grunge/pearl jam alt. scene like it, they like korn and whatnot  now...but i'd like to think that any fan of pearl jam (note: NOT pearl  jam's hit songs per say) realizes this is an over-slick glossy debut that  got shoddy production...it's good, but pj only got better (yes, that  includes no code)...anyways, in conclusion, you want to know a true pj fan  from a &quot;jeremy/even flow bandwagon rider&quot;, just ask which is  better, yield or ten...
B000002H2H|5.0|the album is awesome! I have been a fan of theirs for years now, and they still have not stopped rocking!  creeping death is the best song! the guitars are explosive, and hetfield's vocals growl at you from start to  finish! Metallica rocks!
B00003CWRX|5.0|It is rare for a film to acheive the quality of this one.  It is rarer still for a film of this quality to actually mean something.  Russell Crowe's performance is nothing short of mesmerizing. He completely  sumberges himself in his character giving the impression that he is not  acting at all. This is the mark of a great actor. Christopher Plummer is  Mike Wallace, to put it bluntly, and Al Pacino's performance is on a par  with the best in his career. Mann keeps the movie going with a leisurly but  suspensful pace. It never loses it's sense of urgency.  <br />We also learn  how corporate America has come to dominate this country economically and  socially, even to the extent that it can control the news content (having  worked in television news, I can confirm the realism of those scenes).   This movie deserves whatever awards it gets. It was the best film of 1999  without question, hesitation or doubt.
B000005DQR|5.0|DJ Shadow's Endtroducing, the best of his two albums to date incorporates an absorbing mixture of both uplifting and pleasantly thoughtful tracks . This album has a very &quot;dinner jazz&quot; feel, yet with the extension  of DJ Shadow's excellent drumming and enthralling ambience.  I would  seriously recommend this album to anyone with a liking for &quot;toughtful  chill-out&quot; music, and have done with good results in the past.  For  anyone who is interested, the vast majority of people who liked this album  who I know also rated &quot;Brown&quot; by &quot;Orbital&quot; as one of  their favourite albums.
B000000OEI|4.0|The music the Zimmer has put together here is first class, and his use of electronic effects makes the film meld more closely to the music than is usually the case. However, the score is a little repetitive, and the tracks  are all far too long. However, the addition of the hymn &quot;eternal  father&quot; is very thoughtful. If the film &quot;Titanic&quot; had had a  proper story, this music would have been the perfect accompanyment to the  sinking of the ship
0440234743|5.0|I am glad to see that John Grisham is heading into the spiritual realm.  We all think about spritirual things and whether we beleive there is a God or not, I was glad to see how John Grisham wove a missionary into the story  and shared some Christian beliefs in the book.  Good job John, do not stop  writing this way.
0790729628|5.0|Blade Runner is a great classic. Being a huge fan and collecting everything Blade Runner(the soundtrack, the game, the books) I will always remember this movie as being one of the greatest out there. Action,  romance, intrigue, special-effects that are visually stunning...this movie  has it all. If you haven't seen it, watch it and indulge in a masterpiece.  I don't know about you but I want a sequel.
6305499365|3.0|The story starts strong and does a good job developing the main characters.  The Michael Bolton running gag is hilarious.  Unfortunately the second half of movie gets lost in what is ultimately a rather lame  caper.  The Jennifer Aniston character is pretty much wasted. Should have  stuck with the formula that works so well in the first half.
B000005IS1|5.0|This was originally the MC-5's first lp release and it brilliantly captures what the MC-5 wanted to do.  It is a fabulous 1st CD if you want to learn about and enjoy the MC-5's raw energy and political zeal.  If you  love this CD then the HIGH TIME CD is good one to try next because HIGH  TIME successfully extends on KICK OUT THE JAMS with songs like Sister Anne,  Baby Won't Ya, Over and Over, Skunk, Future/Now, and Poison.  If you love  both of these CDs and want something more then the LOOKING AT YOU CD is a  real treat because it has a good live set that was played just before the  release of the second lp and has lots of 2nd lp tunes all played live.  The  LOOKING AT YOU CD also has a version of BLACK TO COMM which was a great  high energy MC-5 original and which often ended their live shows.  If you  enjoy all 3 of these CDs then you might also enjoy the 5 pre-1st lp single  tracks (JUST DON'T KNOW, ONE OF THE GUYS, I CAN ONLY GIVE YOU EVERYTHING,  LOOKING AT YOU, BOARDERLINE) are all excellent and can be found on many of  the reissue CDs.  Looking at You and Boarderline were later rerecorded live  on the 1st lp entitled KICK OUT THE JAMS.
B00000099Y|5.0|Many people dont know Tool very well, and of those that do many dismiss them as being crude or strange. That's fine because I dont think Tool would want the same type of mainstream audience that groups like N Sync and the  Backstreet Boys now have. Put simply, this is the best band out there right  now, musically and lyrically. Enjoy this album if you are ready for it.
6305718954|5.0|as a HUGE fan of movies such as: The OMEN, The 7th Sign,The Exorcist, The Other, ---I THOROUGHLY enjoyed this movie, &amp; on DVD w/5.1 etc.. --this is a VERY POWERFUL &amp; thought provoking experience!
0393312836|5.0|This is because it`s slowly creeping up to be prothetic. It is a wonderful, well written book, with an abunance of scenes which are moving and engrosssing. Its language gives it a certain edge, it is both extremely  funny and enlightning.
B00000K2SC|4.0|The appeal of _The Matrix_ lies in the idea that our everyday, banal existence is a computer-generated illusion.<br />It is also a cyber-punk movie that deals with the rapid evolution of technology and its horrific consequences.<br />Neo, the protagonist, is the savior of the world who has been plucked out of \\"reality\\" to fulfill his destiny as the destroyer of the Matrix. Neo's character is reminiscent of Jesus: his coming is prophesied, his purpose is to save humanity from the technological monster it has machinated, he is killed, and lastly is resurrected and henceforth reveals his God-like status.<br />The Matrix is an ingeniously crafted film with ground-breaking special effects and an absorbing storyline.
B000005H40|5.0|This is slowly becoming my favourite jazz album. It is a highlight to any collection. It almost gives example of what a large part Coltrane made to `Kind of blue`. There are subtle likenesses between the two. But Coltrane  like Miles creates a perfect tone and interwines with his band in perfect  melody.
0060987464|5.0|I bought this book when it first came out. I listened to Mansons music before this book came out and wondered why he was so screwed up. After I was finished I could see why. I was so drawn in by this book that I could  not put down. For the people who do not like Manson or the people who don't  understand him, you should read this book and you will know what he is  about and what rumors are and are not true.
B000001ELF|5.0|On this best of the solo albums by far, Ace Frehley proved that he the best songwriter and singer and musician in KISS.
B00004D3C1|5.0|Don't wast another second reading my review, just buy the record, the  hooks are amazing, the power is gripping, the whole record reminds me of a  smokin' burnout from a 72 Challenger. A cross between Kiss and AC/DC. Yup,  hooks galore. I will admit it's not as fuzzy as their Eatin Dust release,  but the lack of fuzz is made up in pure power and songs that stick in your  head for days.  It rocks. Plus included is a few videos that will tickle  your eyes. BUY IT NOW!
0440211727|5.0|A Time to Kill is a  exelent book  becuse It has a lot of  detale. I think if any student  have a lot of time on thire hands they should read this book or adult. This book realats to how the whites use  to treat the blacks  back in slavery   and how the white felt about the blacks and how they  thought that they would not get in truble and why! becuse they are white  and  black's are just nothing but slaves but in  this book them crimilals  are going to pay for thire mistakes  the crime that they comited. When I  first started reading this book It was hard to get my head up that is how  interesting this book was it coute me eye right away.So if any young teens  stop by and read this check out this book Atime to Kill it is real  interesting.
B00003CWL5|5.0|From its opening shot over the street to the closing line of &quot;someday you'll understand, believe me you will&quot; AMERICAN BEAUTY is a phenomenal film that is a satire on the American family. It has a  beautifully written script and astounding acting, Kevin Spacey leads a  great cast, with an ending that will leave you hungry for more and  breathless. Sure some parts were a little over done, but hence the satire!  HELLO! But anyway.....GO SEE AMERICAN BEAUTY and LOOK CLOSER
0767817729|5.0|I think that &quot;Revenge&quot; is the best movie I have seen in years. It's not the actors so much as the plot and the message behind the movie. I feel that it potrays a real world story we see unfortunately too often.  Here is an older man, although I don't believe age had anything to do with  it who literally kills his wife as revenge for adultery. I'm sorry but I  feel that the punishment given to her was well deserved.  I know I sound  primative but come on she should have divorced him and then get on with her  life. You don't betray the one you marry, had it been him she might have  done the same thing if she really loved him. This is the reason we have so  much horrors going on in this world. People cannot seem to be happy with  what they choose and feel they can just change it and do what makes them  feel good.  What about the other person, what about their feelings.  It's  not his fault that she supposedly fell in love with a younger handsome man.   Anyone who tries can fall in love with someone else easily if they are not  in love but why should the other partner have to accept it.   I loved the  film.  It is very sad and so real that it is almost scary.
B000003B6J|4.0|Dude this album STARTED gangsta rap! This is a must have 4 any rap fan! It  has the classic songs F--- Tha Police, Express Yourself, I Ain't Tha 1, and  Dopeman! Y'all gotta buy this!
0380713802|4.0|During my recent trip to Europe, I decided to read this book since I enjoyed his other book Walk in the Woods.  It was well worth it.  The book was extremely funny, even to the point where I would laugh out loud during  the middle of train trips.  <br />There were parts of the book that were  probably exaggerated for effect but nonetheless the entire book was  entertaining and well worth the read.
B00000K19E|5.0|When most movies are formulaic, this one had an original plot, great special effects that worked well to progress the story, and good music to boot.  Only 1-2 slow scenes for me to deal with, but I have a short  attention span.  I definitely can't wait for the sequels.  You'll barely  notice that Keanu Reeves isn't a good actor.
6302424887|4.0|If you're looking for the feel of the play without the tedious adherence to Shakespeare's words, this is for you.  Everything but the last battle scene is a perfect representation of Shakespeare's original vision for the  play.  And of course the nudity.  I'm not sure the Bard would have enjoyed  the nudity.  But other than that, I was quite pleased with the film as a  whole.
B00000JCB2|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS SO GOOD I GOT FOUR COPIES OF IT. IT IS FAR BETTER THAN KID ROCK, KORN, OR RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE THEY ARE THE BEST RAP/ROCK GROUP OUT THERE. AND ARE THE GREATEST BAND OF ALL TIMES. THEY ARE THE BEST THERE  IS WAS AND EVER WILL BE.
B000002UAR|2.0|It lacks depth, muscially it is imature, All in all I think this CD is highly overated, not a patch on Chas &amp; Daves Greatest Hits, a true work of muscial geniuos. Maccer has nothing on Hodges and Peacock.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|RATM are not the greatest band ever but they are good. The singing sounds basicly the same in every song but the bands music makes up for it. All in all it isnt as good as Limp Bizkit or Kid Rock but it is alright.
6305750750|5.0|Let me first start out by saying that in no way is this movie inferior to Return of the Jedi, which is perhaps the worst 'great movie' ever made, either that or the greatest bad movie. It's beautifully filmed using f/x  that actually manage to fill me with wonder(which is quite a task  considering as I'm the Queen of 'oh that looks sooo fake!') and decently  acted, especially on the part of Natalie Portman and the superb Liam  Neeson. As for the story, I rather enjoyed it's slow pacing. It didn't feel  the need to pound you over the head with an &quot;intense&quot; action  sequence every 5 minutes. Overall, I think it's a good movie that is  underated and should be viewed with more of an open mind. Remember, this  movie wasn't made for 20-somethings, it was made for children the age the  20-somethings were when the saw the first one in theaters!
B00004KD1L|1.0|I'm sorry to interrupt the Groove Armada love-in, but I feel I must do this as a service to those who might make the same mistake I did.  I really liked I See You Baby when I saw the video and I figured that this was a  good Fatboy Slim clone band that would tide me over until Fatboy himself  released his own new album.  I then saw the CD and realized that the song  sounded like Fatboy Slim because he's the one that mixed the video version!   That led me to fear that the rest of the album would be completely  different, and alas, I was right. The rest of the album is chock full of  Air-ish, Moby-ish, subdued, funky, jazzy, ambient pastiche.  I mean, if you  like that stuff, fine, BUT DON'T LURE ME IN WITH A VIDEO THAT IS TOTALLY  MISLEADING AS TO WHAT YOU ARE ALL ABOUT!  Fatboy fans, stay away and  patiently wait for his new stuff to come out.  The rest of you can now  continue to praise the sophisticated grooves of the Armada.
0440219078|5.0|this book was great.  I loved it.  it was one of those books that you just can't out down.
B00000IKSC|5.0|Wow! this is this best bsb video!  it has all of their hitsongs on it, their awesome dances, plus all of them do solos! not tomention i've watched it over a 100 times and it gets better every time! it is a must have for any true bsb fan!  END
B0000057C5|5.0|I really love this cd,it has been one of my favorites ever since i bought it.This cd never gets boring(the first weekend I bought it i must've listened to it at least 50 times.) My favorite songs on it are Spiel Mit  Mir and Stripped. I recommend this cd to anyone who is not scared by the  cover(which isn't scary in my mind,but i know a lot of people who think it  is.)
6304773382|4.0|I first saw this movie when I was in a very grouchy, anti-social mood.  The beginning was not promising but my husband wanted to see it, so we kept watching.  15 minutes into the film I was laughing out loud, and it kept  getting better.  Lori Petty is perfect in her role.  And her side-kick Jet  (I've forgotten her &quot;real&quot; name) is wonderful too.  I really  identified with Jet and find that Tank Girl and Jet's examples of  independent, pro-active thought and action are inspiring.  That makes it  sound boring, but the movie really is good.  The musical, the sexy-kangaroo  piece, and the tank itself are all ideas that will stay in your mind for a  long time! (PS I am well over 25!)
630575067X|5.0|Like all those before it, this Episode of Star Wars is action packed from the opening bell. Filled with many new characters, and they are charachters, and a few old faces, this movie brought the Jedi to a new level. It for the first time answers the question, &quot;Why would anyone  carry a Light Saber when they could have a Blaster?&quot;. The Jedi  fighting is awesome, fast paced, and fearsome to their enemies. A must have! A  Great Family Film.
B00000064F|5.0|It's been years, decades in fact, since I heard Nick Drake - heard the comercial recently and remembered him, but he was dead.  What was this?  Searching back, I remembered Bryter Layter as one of my all time favorites  - I bought it in England in 1975 and fell in love with Drake.  A quick look  to Amazon found his old albums and new compilations.  I was going to buy  Fruit Tree, how could it disappoint?  Then I read the reviews loving Drake  but frequently panning Bryter Layter as &quot;overly orchestrated&quot;,  etc.  Dilemna...go for the 4 CD s on in Fruit Tree for $50 or the old  favorite by itself.  I decided to go with what I loved and am not at all  disappointed.  I feel great listening to this. The minute I put in the CD  memories flooded back, and this music is as new and good today as it was  then.  Bryter Layter is simply melodic.  If it is really that different  from the tracks on Fruit Tree, I think I may just stay with this one  wonderful CD which must be the best.  If you like melancholoy with harmony,  feeling like you're drifting on the songs, get Bryter Layter.
6304779607|5.0|OK, the story is absolutely idotic (and a bit fascistic) but this flick is just hell of a fun. Cool looks, cool (silly) dialogs, fast action and a good soundtrack. A must see for every Stallone fan.<br />The DVD itself is  very well done, excellent picture and sound and good extras. Buy it!
6304535570|4.0|I really enjoy this movie.  My VHS is about to wear out, so Iguess I'll buy the DVD.  The music is great, Val Kilmer is great, thebad guy is good, I just can't believe Elizabeth Shue as a Cold Fusion expert. The interaction between her and Kilmer works wonderfully though.  Shue's a good actress- if they'd only written her character differently I'd be more impressed with the movie as a whole.  END
6305212112|5.0|Fried Green Tom's... one of the weepiest and most heart renching films ever to be released. I am currently in the process of reading the book as well as I am so hooked on the charactors and story. With an amazing script,  charactorisation and 100% emotional factor this is one film that everyone  must see at least twice in their lives.
B000003TAW|5.0|this cd changed my life. they inspired me to pick up a guitar back in jr high and i haven't been the same since. i still listen to it after 6 years and i just can't get sick of it. i still get that tingle that i felt many  years ago when i first heard it. in time, famous rockers will be stating  weezer as their inspiration. they really made something special with this  album here. if you do not already own it, buy it now. it is quite possibly  one of the best albums of all time.
B000002U9L|5.0|OK so I also love kidz films. Labyrinth was one of those films that I think all children from 0-100 loved and still do. unfortunatley I lost my copy of the film last year and am about to buy it again as I need my fix  frank oz and the puppet goblins from a far away place. the soundtrack just  makes the film one of the all time classics with bowie's superb vocals and  music arrangement that makes the film what it is. If you love the film you  have to own the soundtrack - and if you've never seen it - buy both!
0140277447|2.0|A sophmoric, maudlin romp through something requiring much more thorough analysis. It is emotional, and like most low-mid brow atrocity/holocaust literature, it degenerates into vapid op.ed. piece moralizing.  (Yes,  shoving a bayonet into a woman's uterous is a bad, bad thing.  Are these  men?  Are these monsters, etc. ) This is unfortunate, but sales and reader  reaction indicates that such treatment (and violence-porn.?) goes down  disturbingly well with the reading public.  Critical readers may be  bothered by the inflation of causualties, but that goes with the territory  of counting the dead in virtually any conflict or massacre.  Tone and  treatment are unprofessional, but then again IC is no scholar, nor does she  pretend to be.  Conclusions are spurious to say the least, and someone  should have taken a red pencil to her introductory musings on human  behavior.      <br />It was written by a young American female freelance  journalist of Chinese background, and it reads like it.        Nanking, and  its dead, deserve better than this.  However, if you know little about  China, the Japanese occupation of Korea, atrocities in general, or any of  the various 'rapes'  and 'holocausts' that pepper the 20th century, reading  it won't hurt.  If you enjoy reading about what sadistic Japanese troops  can do, you'll love it.  If you are of an historical bent, you'll grind  your teeth.  If you are Japanese it might make you realize that there was  more to WWII than two A-bombs. NOTE:  The best part about this book is the  Japanese reaction to it (here @Amozon.com.  Some of their reviews are a  hoot, albiet a frightening hoot at that).  Maybe someone should write a  book about that...
B00003CXBK|1.0|It has been aptly described as some mutant lovechild born from an affair between Godzilla and Pokemon's yellow Pikachu - for indeed, Princess Mononoke is part cute and cuddly, part brute and ugly.<br />Because of this it remains an ecological animated &quot;epic&quot; (so my friend Mitch claims) that is just too damn well-intentioned.  Set in Japan's ancient past, the movie essentially unravels the tense relationship between man, nature and the divine spirit that unites us all.  It is this core idea that powers the film. There is no good or evil here, no right and wrong. Rather, the journey for all the characters is to learn how to coexist, to create harmony from disarray. It's these somewhat spiritual ideas that are repeatedly beat over our heads, with constant eco-babble nonsense that wears thin on all but the most dedicated of tree-huggers.<br />A quick visit to the impressive official website of Princess Mononoke the World Rests on the Courage of One Warrior.&quot; Fittingly this contradicts the message of the movie.  For taking sides matters little, and life and death, we are told, occur as a result of the great and terrible aspects of nature symbolized by the hunted god of the forest.  <br />This none too subtle 2+ hour allegory is overloaded with a plot that is surprisingly ineffective.  It moves by little fits and starts, sometimes even doubling back on itself and changing its characters' personalities, forcing them to act against what we thought was in their own best interest.  These self-contradictions almost emasculate the power of the film.  I don't think this is a fault of the translation, but of the conception itself.  It's all much too much for the film to sustain, and there never is any consistency about what each individual or group needs or wants. There is a final battle, of sorts, between the demons and the non-demons, but what power it might have had is vitiated by the confused script.<br />This was made so because there is an apparent attempt toincorporate a host of timely, nature in the face of unchecked business interests, the death of spirituality in the name of social progress, misogyny in its many manifestations.  Princess Mononoke is a Zeitgeist potpourri, strung with late-20th-century fear and anxiety.<br />Preachy, patronizing and paternal, Princess Mononoke, the movie as well as the character, lectures us on so versus nature, history, and the struggle of outcast classes, to name only a few.  The purity of the land is continually spoiled by angry animal gods, scheming people who just want to prosper during hard times, and the usual suspects - greed and hubris. Contradiction is, by design, everywhere, but the viewers aren't allowed to make up their own minds.  The notion that hate can consume you and make you do things you normally wouldn't is sound enough. But the prince's cursed &quot;hate scar&quot; that results in making him a better fighter which actually saves his life, is its own contradiction.  Hate is bad, but hate can help - huh?  At least in Alice in Wonderland the contradictions didn't fall into dizzying reiterations.  The duplicity overwhelms and drags this movie from epic to saga.<br />Have I mentioned that this movie is long?  Had my watch arm not been holding and supporting popcorn this would have been a 5x watch glancing movie.  This slow and dawdling movie at times seemed to trundle aimlessly across the screen, and I feared on several occasions as if it might never end.  It's hard to say where exactly it goes wrong, but rest assured that it involves its brazenly insulting cheesiness.  There isn't one conservationist idea that the adult audience didn't know already.<br />That said, the movie lavishes incredible attention on each and every backdrop, and they are beautiful - exquisitely detailed and convincing.  Yet they too face contradiction with the human characters who look like they just escaped from &quot;Speed Racer&quot;.  The scenery seduces with its magnificence, yet is juxtaposed against animation that is never to be able to break through the skin.  With button eyes and geometric lips, the humans remind me of bad Sunday morning cartoons, as they couldn't even be held in comparison to Saturday morning cartoons.  The one notable exception was the parasite infected demon-boar god in the beginning.<br />While the eco-fable can be summarized in two seconds, it takes more than two lavishly stunning hours for the movie to get there.  Like the traditional wood-carving works of art that inspired it (so I was told), Princess Mononoke's re-created world is simple-looking while actually being incredibly detailed and complex. Which leaves us with the glaring need for a more interesting story beyond an ecological plea.  And I won't even get into the sorry voice dubbing by Claire Danes (no range) and Billy Bob Thornton (twang intact).<br />I've given this movie one star since I can't assign it &quot;zero&quot; stars, indeed I cannot recommend this movie to anyone unless they are trying to get in out of the rain.
0684872153|4.0|Frank McCourt,<br />Your book is wonderful, I can even hear the Irish accents.  Your use of words is more than spell-binding, but you've certainly made my reading laboured. You omitted quotation marks, and that  impedes the cadence of your lovely book.<br />Maybe the hard-bound copy has  the quotation marks, and the paperback doesn't.  Could that be?  Enlighten  me, Mr. McCourt.  This is a style of writing that I've not seen  before.<br />Will I read more of your books?  Och aye!  I'll even volunteer to  insert the quotation marks and  then you can add me to your &quot;small  hymn to an exaltation of women&quot;.  (notice how nicely I did  that?)<br />Respectfully, E. Christina Dabis
B00000J7J4|5.0|A part of my life I will never forget is the summer of 1971:  The Santa Ana winds were blowing across Los Angeles and Carlos' guitar first fell upon my ears - the plaintive cry of his guitar was on every radio station  and this young man began indelibly etching his inimitable style upon us,  who had come through the hippie phase.  Santana continues to lavish us with  his classic guitar style in this new offering.  The melody on EL FAROL  almost leaves a taste in your mouth.  This CD offers contemporary rock  style, along with wonderful latin tunes.  Even if you don't speak Spanish,  you will surely enjoy the Latin beat on this.  Further, this CD delivers  quantity; over fifty minutes of the best music I've heard in a long time!    VIVA CARLOS SANTANA!
B000003S0F|2.0|Ladies of the Road is a brilliant rock tune, but that's it, the rest of this is a wasted effort. The musicianship is not particularly inspiring. Following this studio effort Crimson recorded the brilliant Lark's Tongue  in Aspic, Starless and Bible Black and Red. Stick with them as they are  testimony to what Crimson was capable of at their best. Give this one a  skip...Simon
B000006045|5.0|have you heard the beat of your soul? have you feel your life going trhu your veins? have you looked at the mirror and see your self? with out fear? only with your self? have you litened mezzanine?
0684800713|3.0|After reading &quot;The Sun Also Rises,&quot; I think of how unnatural and ineffective Hemingway had sometimes been as a writer. When he is uninspired or just writing filler, his prose becomes monotonous and nearly unreadable.  Brett and Cohn were the best-drawn characters while most of the others,  including Jake, were nothing more than cardboards. However, the one fishing  scene was absolutely vivid; there is no one better at writing about fishing  than Hemingway. Oh well, he was a lot more versatile in &quot;A Farewell to  Arms,&quot; which for me was his best book.
6301562925|1.0|This is the point where the Halloween series officially ran out of steam.  After a truly horrifying ending in part 4, the filmmakers decided to completely blow it off and set us up with a ridiculous story of Michael  being psychically linked to his terrified niece (Danielle Harris).  Slightly better than the following Halloween 6 but that means absolutely  nothing.  In this film it is hinted that Michael is linked to some ancient  Norse curse from a tatoo on his hand.  Wasn't it scarier when no one  understood why he was doing all this killing?  The minute filmmakers try to  explain the origin of an unstoppable serial killer, it's time to bury the  guy.  Quick.  On a final note, don't believe the video box when it says  &quot;Michael Myers is finally unmasked! &quot;  You only get to see an  extreme closeup of his eye, which doesn't look the least bit messed up  (considering he was burned pretty badly at the end of Halloween 2 they  could've thrown in at least a little scar tissue).  Watch the first film.  Then if you must see 2-4.  Then stop if you know what's good for you.
B0000027RL|5.0|I just dont understand how everyone can say that Nirvana is the best band  of the 90's, and then also say that they made the best album with  &quot;Nevermind&quot;...The truth is, Nirvana's songs were confusing, I  never really could understand what Cobain was talking about. But Pearl Jam  along with The Offspring made their lyrics straight forward and very clear  with great music...which in my opinion, made them the best bands of the  90's. This album was made before Pearl Jam started all the experimental  music that they begun during the mid 90's. This CD has some of the best  songs of the 90's, including &quot;Once&quot;, &quot;Jeremy&quot;, Why  Go&quot;, &quot;Even Flow&quot;, and of course their masterpiece  &quot;Alive&quot;. This isnt Pearl Jam's best album (Vitalogy is) but this  one has some of their best songs with deep meaningful lyrics. The lyrical  content discusses homelessness, love, losing a parent at an early age, and  depression. If you are ever down or depressed just put in this album, and  you will more than likely (if you have a soul) be lifted. This album doesnt  have their best lyrics like some of their later albums do, but this one  packs meaning. When you really think of it, Pearl Jam is the Led Zeppelin  of the 90's. They made two hard rocking albums (this one and VS.) and then  they sord of veered off like Zeppelin did, and made a &quot;Led Zeppelin  3&quot; of their own with the experimental and rather melodic music on  &quot;Vitalogy&quot;. Pearl Jam may never be as huge as they were in the  early 90's, but they will continue to make music on their own terms without  selling out.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This movie is the best! It is so good that I thought that my head would fall off from laughing (Actually, I didn't really think that - I just thought  that my head would turn bright red, which it actually did).  Although it is VERY funny, it also has serious points too, but none of them  have to do with the headless horseman, they are about Ichabod's childhood.  Ichabod faints a lot (5 times - I counted) And is afraid of spiders, that  makes this movie really funny. Okay, I know what you're thinking, how can  someon fainting a lot be funny? Believe me, it can. The heads all do  different things when severed from the bodies, one does backflips, and  another chases Ichabod. The specail effects are really good. Ichabod gets  splattered with blood while openin the tree of the dead. That is a very  good part. I would buy the movie if it were only Ichabod opening up the  tree of the dead. It would be called, &quot;Ichabod's tree of the dead  opening fun&quot;. I predict that movie would win a few oscars. Well, for  you few peole who managed to read this without skipping to another review  because of mine's lenghth and stupidity I want to leave you with these wise  words that I'm about to write, &quot;Buy this movie if you want to keep  your head&quot; okay, so you will probably keep your head even if you don't  buy this book, but you never know.
6300246787|5.0|This is one of the best musicals ever made. Barbara Streisand's voice is incredible and is what made me love performing. Every time this movie comes on TV i cancel everything for the rest of the day so i can watch it. Her  quick whit and sassy combacks make the movie so enjoyable. Many times i  can't stop laughing especially during the first song &quot; Just Leave  Everything to Me&quot;. She talks so fast it's fun just to try and keep up.  See this movie at least once in your life, you will love it if you Barb.
6304493681|5.0|The benchmark of anime! The movie all others are currently rated against and few have come close to matching if any!
6305603847|5.0|IF YOUR A PINK FLOYD FAN THIS IS A MUST HAVE.  IT IS DIGITALLY MASTERED TO PERFECTION.  THE SOUND IS INCREDIBLE.  IT ALSO SPORTS ONE OF THE COOLEST MENUS YOU'VE EVER SEEN.
B0000214F0|3.0|Yes, I have to admit that the real reason why I watch this movie is the sex that Penthouse magazine kept advertising about.  Yet, sex turned out to be, with the exception of a few scenes, the boring part of the movie.   There is only so much one can take of seeing nude people prancing around,  or performing various acts of simulated and real copulation.  The decadent  Rome and the deranged Caligula as portrayed in this movie are fascinating,  making the unwieldy 150+ minute movie watchable (provided that one can  stomach the gratuitous violence).  The performances are mixed with  outstanding work by the pros such as Malcolm McDowell, and very weak job by  the half-naked (or naked) actresses (with the notable exception of Helen  Miren).  The DVD image quality is poor at times - the opening titles are  simply horrible.  The accompanying documentary is a must-see howler.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I dont see how anyone can compare this to Korn or Limp Bizkit...Slipknot has way more emotion in the lyrics and the musical talent is far superior over Korn or Limp Bizkit. This music is raw and its very aggressive, much  better than any other.
6304711875|5.0|This is a really great movie! The acting was really good, and so was the plot. I reccomend that you buy this movie - if you just rent it, you'll just end up renting it so much that it would be much easier to buy it. Save  yourself the trouble and buy it. BUY IT NOW!
B00003W8NM|5.0|I have seen alot of movies this year, and this by far tops them all.David Fincher is a genius i loved seven and the game and alien 3.His movies just keep getting better.I dont know why this is not getting an oscar it sure  deserves one.Anyone that says this is rubbish dont listen its  great!
6304082428|5.0|Before I saw this movie, I saw the early version that the BBC did many years ago. But this one is the best one of all. Tha acting is totally wonderful, the costumes, the photography, everything!  The way they tell  the story is beautifull, and it shows another side of Mr. Darcy, never seen  before. You have to see it, and Im sure you will fall in love with it just  as I did. I watch it over and over again, and never get tired. Once you  start seeing it, you wont be able to stop until the end!  Its a MUST SEE  movie!
0960191038|5.0|This book will improve your effectiveness as a communicator. You will be more persuasive. You will be more clear. You will spend less time writing to achieve these goals.<br />The book tells you how to structure your writing.  It provides concrete, clear tests to apply to all communications that you  can apply immediateley. The book focuses on business activity, but you can  apply the principles everywhere.<br />The best book on writing I've every  read, eclipsing &quot;The Elements of Style&quot;. Highly recommended.
6305718954|4.0|Well worth buying.  The Alternate ending and the deleted beginning scenes are best viewed first, then see the original(theater) ending separately. A few of the deleted scenes are good also, as they help to fill in a few  parts a bit better. Only downfall was not expanding on the lost scriptures  of St. Thomas But all in all a great Movie
B0000025GW|5.0|I am not religious, and I would rather listen to Bob sing about so many  other things... but you can't deny that this album is brilliantly produced  and played, sung with feeling and expression, and maintains a perfect  cohesion, with every song having a place.  Mark Knopfler is one of the best  guitarists ever and his work on this album defines its sound.  Nobody can  express emotion like Dylan, and when he's singing songs he (at that time)  truly cared about, nothing can beat it.  Don't avoid this album just  because it's Christian; it's a real gem.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is the one and only CD I listen to.  It is powerful, addictive, and thought-provoking.  I highly recommend it.
0684872153|5.0|I listened to Angela's Ashes as narrated by the author on my 50-mile-per-day commute, and I kept looking for excuses to drive anywhere so I could keep listening. His voice was so infectious, and the story was  so amusing and so horrifying at the same time, that I became totally  obsessed and had to be told to turn the Irish accent off. I don't know  whether it would have affected me as much if I'd just read the text;  chances are it would have made me laugh out loud and cry just as much.    McCourt has the rare ability to tell a ghastly story of a childhood in the  midst of poverty, desperation, needless infant mortality, drunkenness,  class prejudice, religious oppression, and sheer meanness in a gentle,  almost elegiac fashion.  I did not find it maudlin or overly sentimental,  as I was afraid I would with all the hype.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The real Metallica is back!   When I popped this puppy in, I was blown away!   The symphony sounds best doing &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;,  &quot;Outlaw Torn&quot;, and &quot;Battery&quot;, theres just no other way  to hear them.  And I just heard recently that Metallica's upcoming release  is said to be heavier than anything they've ever put out before!  So look  out all you teenieboppers and trendies, METALLICA IS BACK!
6304708521|5.0|This is the best Beatles movie it makes a lot of sense and all fans need to roll up to it and let it take you away.  It's truely amazing and the most like yellow Submarine as far as the fact that every time you rewind  you see something that wasn't there the last time.  Fool on the hill is the  realest part and flying will get you.  A must have for anyone interested in  the beatles psycadelic era that describes the reasons behind Sgt. pepperes  Lonly Harts Club Band Album.
0140177396|3.0|As an assignment to my 11th grade American Literature class, one of the requirements has been to read Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck.  I found this novel to be strange and extremely obnoxious.  One is introduced to two characters, George and Lennie, right off the bat.  As a reader I found  myself placing my body and mind into the characters positions.  You easily  fall in love with the relationship between the two of them.      George has  this dream and a life that he is able to incorperate Lennie into.  Lennie  is a sweat, compassionate man with a mental disability.  This novel sets  you up for Lennie's repeated downfall.  Therefore, I find myself to be disgusted  with the book.
B000003S5H|5.0|This one is destined to become a classic. The music can only be describes as Futuristic  jazzy lounge pop.The band keeps you hooked the entire Cd;I really dont know what else to say about moon safari other than it rules
B00001ZULV|3.0|Why can they not figure out how to get the song &quot;You Might Recall&quot; on a current release? I believe it was only offered on the U.K. version of &quot;Three Sides Live.&quot; It is one of their best  post-Gabriel recordings.
B000002J0B|5.0|This cd is awesome!  I reccomend it to anyone, definitely.  If you're a new fan and you want an intro to zeppelin, though, get the fourth one.  It's my favorite and is incomparable!  OR~~get the Early Days cd.......it  encourages you to buy more!
B00000K19E|5.0|This was Truly the best sci-fi release of 1999 - if you want to get a DVD movie or any movie for that matter get THE MATRIX!  The intense 3D graphics will simply blow you away!
B00000JCB2|2.0|How can a band go from extreme hardcore to pure pop?. This album is B.S. LB claims they do not see much change in their performance but thats also a load of B.S. Back in their prime Fred Fan loving Durst would constantly rip  on the crowd, he even picked a fight with some dude in the front of the  pit. Now fred is every 12 year olds hero. What the hell happened?
0800141709|4.0|Dr. Strangelove is, of course, a masterpiece.  This DVD version though offers no benefits over VHS except for longevity.  There is NO onscreen menu, scene selection, or extras, and the film is prefaced by a VERY long  bunch of ads for other DVDs that you're forced to fast forward through each  time you wish to watch the film (takes about 3 min on FF; too darn long).   There is no remastering of the print or soundscape, but I read somewhere  that Kubrick, before he died, specified that he wanted no enhancement of  his films for DVD release.  Few people realize that for this and the  Kubrick DVD collection that he actually resisted attempts to improve video  &amp; audio quality, for whatever reason.  Thought others should no about  the lack of features before buying, so there you go.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I would definately reccomend this movie to anyone who is trying to decide whether or whether not to get this. And the special effects throughout the entire movie are  amazing! I have seen this movie about 15-20 times and it has never gotten  boring!
0380796090|5.0|'Watermelon' is hilariously funny. It was Keyes' first novel, and is about Claire, who is dumped by her husband just as she's about to give birth... yes, Keyes can and does turn that into a comedy! The book is set mostly in  Dublin, and deals in a humorous way with themes such as coping with a new  baby and no partner and returning home to live with parents after having  lived away from home for several years. Oh, and men do come into it as  well... <br />I laughed, I cried, and I was smiling when I reached the end of  it. One of the best of the genre.
B000002UB6|5.0|This album has more soul than any other Beatles album, and would be  considered the high point of most any other band. I don't understand how an  album with three all time classic songs can be called a disappointment. You  can still hear &quot;The Long &amp; Winding Road&quot;, &quot;Let it  Be&quot;, and &quot;Get Back&quot; often on the radio. Other great songs  are &quot;The Two of Us,&quot; &quot;I've Got a Feeling,&quot; and  &quot;For You Blue.&quot; My only minor complaint is that I have no idea  what John Lennon is talking about in &quot;Across The Universe.&quot;
B000000WHX|4.0|Having read all of the prior reviews of this record - and having agreed with the majority - there is very little that I can add that hasn't already been said. This is a superb recording by one of the most forward-thinking  bands performing today. For those of you who have yet to experience MA  &quot;live&quot;...please, do yourself a favor the next time they are in  your town. I have been a Massive Attack fan from the beginning, and have  enjoyed all of their records.... but seeing them in concert came close to  changing my life! At the very least, it changed my concept of live  performance. Finally....resist the impulse to compare Blue Lines to either  Protection or Mezzanine (also a masterpiece! ). Massive Attack understand  what too few artists today comprehend  - that music is an evolution - and  each record is simply a chapter on that road. Buy them all - love them all!
068815333X|5.0|Mr. Lehane has a tremendous PI series going, set in one of my favorite cities, Boston. I made sure that I read all five books in order, and have passed them to my wife, who loved them, and to other members of my family,  with the same results. The author must have a mind for trivia, for who else  would remember &quot;The Boys of Chorus&quot; from an old Warner Bros.  cartoon? For weeks after reading that section of the book, the tune for  that song was going around in my head! If you haven't yet made the  acquaintance of Dennis Lehane, do so by all means. You won't be  disappointed.
0062502182|5.0|I absolutely loved this book, recommended to me by an older friend.  It is a beautiful book about being calm and listening to the world around you while on your path to reach your destiny. In a country where everyone is so  goal-oriented that they don't &quot;stop and smell the roses&quot;, every  citizen should be made to read this book at some point in their life.<br />I  personally, didn't think this was an easy read at all, like other people  have said. I read it once and definately have to read it again to find the  things I missed. But then again, I'm an eighth grader. Recently, someone in  there forties told me they read it and found it incredibly depressing,  because it made them think they had wasted their lives. I think this book  is best for high-schoolers and college students.  <br />Overall I thought the  book was wonderful and gave me a new, humbled yet empowered look at my  future.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Although a big fan of Tim Burton's films, they can lack a strong narrative in some cases. However, Sleepy Hollow has all of his fantastic sense of dark fairytales, silly sense of humour and also a great murder mystery to  carry it along. Definately one I'll be watching again and again for these  reasons, and the fabulous acting and sets. Buy it now!
B000006045|5.0|What good taste Amazon customers have!  I was amazed at the number of &quot;5 star&quot; reviews for this record. Let me add mine to the list. By far, this was the finest album of the late-90's. Over the months since its  release, I have purchased about 2 dozen copies of Mezzanine, bestowing this  gift of genius on friends and family alike - for any gift-giving occasion I  can think of!<br />Rarely does a CD hold the power to fundamentally alter my  mood. And although this record can be &quot;dark&quot; and contemplative,  the mood I usally end up in after listening to Mezzanine is a good one.  Listening to music this daring and innovative can't help but brighten  anyone's spirits! The only experience better than listening to Mezzanine at  home was having the privelidge of seeing Massive Attack perform the record  live and in person. A MUST see... A MUST buy...  A MUST have.
0195117298|2.0|This is not the type of book that clearly discribes what the title claims.  I started this book 3 times in one month and gave up.  I finaly skimmed it to see if I could get to something that made sense and did not.
0783225792|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen.  It is beautifully made and is Martin Scorcese's best work.  I highly reccomend this movie.  Watch this movie!
B00003CWRX|4.0|It is very concievable that a lot of people would dislike this film. After all, a three hour legal drama starring Al Pacino bellowing his lungs out is probably not most viewers idea of a day at the beach. None the less, I  found the Insider to be a very compelling film that is elevated above other  movies by its truly great performances.<br />The Insider is actually two very  different movies that are expertly woven into one. One plot is about a  tobacco employee (Russell Crowe) who decides to violate his contract and  reveal top-secret information about his company. He discovers the  cigarettes he is helping to produce are deadlier than he suspected and he  feels responsible to make this fact public.  The second story is an  exploration of media ethics. Al Pacino plays a 60 minutes producer who  wrangles with television execs about the dilemma of airing Russell Crowe's  confessions.<br />Not only is the Insider just a legal drama, but it's also a  thriller and an involving exploration of ethics. Russell Crowe, who is  nominated for the film (deservedly so) turns in a flawless performance that  compliments Al Pacino's usual over the top style. The best performance here  however is given by  Christopher Plummer who plays Mike Wallace, a host of  60 minutes. His performance is so great that it truly baffles me how it was  ignored at the oscars.<br />Occaisonally The Insider does seem long winded and  in need of editing. The suspense aspect too often fizzles just as it is  getting interesting. Russell Crowe's life is actually threatened by the  words &quot;we will kill you&quot; but within a scene or two the viewer  will forget that it was ever a part of the movie.<br />Overall The Insider is  impressive, if overlong, which is worth seeing ultimately because it is the  best acted movie of the year. If you enjoyed Michael Mann's previous film  &quot;Heat&quot; then you probably will be able to sit through and enjoy  The Insider. If you found that one to be long and tedious then this will  not be a film for you.
0767812387|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I was hooked. I've watched itmaybe 50 times in the past 2 years and I NEVER tire of it. It'swonderful.  While I didn't care for movies like &quot;StrictlyBallroom&quot; or &quot;Dirty Dancing,&quot; I REALLY got into this music because it had dance with an ethnic flair.  The Afro-Carribean style Latin music, or whatever it's called technically, as well as the other styles, such as salsa and just plain old fashioned dance music, was great. This is the kind of movie that makes you want to get up and shake it around a little.  However, it was more than just hot music. It had glamour, especially in the competetion sequence. From the ballroom dancers to the Latin-style dancers in the scene, everyone looked glamourous, and it was great to see because it was realistic. It featured great actors as the male and female lead, and a humorous, energetic supporting cast. It was sexy without resorting to the all-too common gratuitous sex sequences found in so many lesser movies.  This makes it a great, wholesome, yet still sexy romantic comedy. And Chayanne is hot, yes, but even hotter is the guy who played his love interest's ex-dance partner. Too bad Valenzuela (the male one) didn't get more screen time. If you like romance, comedy, music, any type of dancing, and well developed characters, this movie is for you.  END
0380804557|5.0|Only the man who turned death into a lovely, little goth-girl and dream into a charmingly brooding demigod could manage to create a character from a fallen star.  This stellar heroine, and no less, her half-elfin  hero-love, are enticingly drawn, resonating glimmeringly with the classic  personnel of fairyland, from Oberon and Titania to Glinda and Rhyming  Thomas.  Indeed, this whole over-much-too-quickly novel thoroughly echoes  the established canon of fairy lore and tales.  Neil Gaiman, he of SANDMAN  and DEATH, to say nothing of NEVERWHERE and GOOD OMENS fame, is quite  simply an extraordinary storyteller, be it in prose or graphic fiction.  There is something here for lovers of both.  Gaiman's prose has always  been at once baroquely ornate, yet deceptively simple and readable.  For  many mainstream fiction readers, the crossover to contemporary fairy tales  seems to often difficult, if not anathema.  Mr. Gaiman helps nicely with  bridging that gap for those open to trying something deliciously offbeat.  STARDUST would serve so very nicely as an introduction to the worlds of  wonder, more real that \\"real,\\" of other latter-day fabulists, such as  Angela Carter, Jane Yolen, Tanith Lee, Patricia McKillip, and those adroit  editors Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling with their captivating collections  of shorter works.
B0000060LT|4.0|I was not a big fan of Horse Stories, the album which preceeds Ocean Songs, but this one won me over. It seems more focused to me; the mood is consistent throughout. Slow and somber, never really finding a downbeat  most of the time. But the boys have a strange telepathy going on, and it  shines through on most tracks. Warren Ellis' intonation has improved since  Horse Stories; he prefers a lower range here, which makes up for the lack  of a bassist. And once again, Steve Albini seems to be the perfect  engineer, placing the group in a isolated, yet ambient space. The dynamics  are more apparent, and it helps. This album is great for a long  night-drive, relaxing, thinking, and many other moods. Kind of like what  Erik Satie called &quot;furniture music;&quot; it's there for you to listen  to or have in the background. As far as the whole Dirty Three catalog goes,  this is the essential package.
6304408994|3.0|I AM ONE OF WITHNEY HOUSTON'S FAN ; BUT I HAVE TO BE REALISTIC THSI MOVIE IS NOT EXCELLENT OR SUPERB OR EXCEPTIONAL ; IT IS JUST A GOOD ENTERTAINING MOVIE : VERY GOOD MUSIC &amp; SONGS ; OK STORY &amp; THAT'S IT...
6304297912|5.0|I'm serious. I really believe in that title statement. From introducing me to the work of Danny Boyle and Ewan McGregor, to producing two smashing soundtracks which I still listen to constantly, to showing all of us  suburban American kids how to really get down(minus the heroin, of course),  to being so maniacally HILARIOUS and DISTURBING and WONDERFUL that you just  can't give it up...Trainspotting is an addiction unto itself. And you know,  you oughta check out Shallow Grave, while you're at it. The same reviews  apply.
B00000JCB2|2.0|Well this CD is a disappointment. It was so sad to see that limp bizkit had sold out so early. I mean, if you compare their first album with this one, anyone would say that SOMETHING had happened between the two albums.  Consequently, LB also became majorly popular between the two albums with  &quot;faith&quot;. But faith stuck out like a sore thumb on the 3 dallar  bill ya'll album - it was WAY more mellow compared to the rest of the  songs. So comparing the success of Faith with early songs such as  &quot;counterfeit&quot;, LB obviously could see that songs like faith were  where the money was. And &quot;significant other&quot; is perfect proof of  this realization. Maybe only two songs on the whole album still have that  &quot;3 dollar bill&quot; sound, the rest have that rap/rock sound which  now-a-days has become quite popular.......so is it a coincedence that LB  just all of a sudden chaged their whole sound to become another rage/KoRn  clone?  your guess is as good as mine, but the bottom line is: if you buy  this album and you liked 3 dollar bill ya'll, there is a good chance this  album will become coaster material.....but if you liked the song  &quot;nookie&quot; or &quot;rearranged&quot;, then this album is for you.
B000008H1Y|5.0|I remember getting on my bike one day after school in 1977, riding the three miles to the local mall, and shelling out pocket-fulls of change to get this album, the first I ever bought. Now, hundreds of records, tapes,  CDs, and Minidiscs later, it still holds a treasured place in my collection  (though now in CD form).  <br />I love it as much now as the first time I  heard it...in fact, it's only gotten better over the years.  The music is  an amazingly appealing mix of rock, folk, and Celtic-influenced elements,  all driven by Anderson's remarkable poetic lyrics.  Each track is a  separate wonder in itself, full of surprises, humor, and consummate  artistry.  <br />Now, all these years later, my kids are discovering this  masterpiece for themselves.  This truly is a timeless work of art.
6302378648|2.0|WE HAVE TO ADMIT IT BOTH DID MUCH BETTER THAN THIS ; HOWEVER IT MAKES YOU THINK TWICE BEFORE GOING ON A BOAT AGAIN ; JESSICA LANGE IS PERFECT ; &amp; IT WAS A GOOD BEGINNING FOR JULIETTE LEWIS ; OK BUT NOT GREAT...
B00003CWL5|4.0|Great movie, wonderful cinematography and wondeful acting. Though I think there was WAY too much nudity, sexuality and not needed perverse scenes. Though, still I loved the movie, out of the movies I've seen that are up  for best movie (&quot;The Green Mile&quot;, &quot;The Sixth Sense,&quot;  and &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot;) I think this is the best.
6305750750|4.0|Ok people, come on.  Get real here.  If yo uare all going to look at this movie from the standpoint of an adult, than be an adult while doing so.  This movie is intitled &quot;Episode 1: the Phantom Menace&quot;.  The  title of this movie alone should be enough to tel lyou that it is an  INTRODUCTION above all else.  All this movie was intended to do, was give  you the very beginnings of answering all those questions we all had while  watching the original series.  &quot;Who really was Anakin Skywalker?&quot;   &quot;What's the deal with Obi-Wan and Vader's conenction?&quot;   &quot;just who IS this Emperor Palpatine guy?&quot;  These are things that  were just dropped on us, but now we are being giving the answers to those  questions here.  So be PATIENT.  The only reason this movie didn't rate a  perfect 5, is simply because while there was indeed character development  regarding Obi-wan, Amidala, Palpatine, and Anakin, I'm still left asking  myself &quot;Who WAS Maul? And WHAT was his purpose?&quot;  More or less, a  desperate attempt to clone Vader....it's not happening.  Be patient all you  grown-up children of the late seventies and early eighties, this was just  the introduction of the characters, weit until the finally get to the Clone  Wars, and the inevitable turn that young Anakin takes to the Dark Side.   Until then, this is a worthy addition to the ranks of Star Wars.  And hey,  for all you cynics out there who STILL wish it would have held true to  form...be prepared...Mr. Lucas is planning on ANOTHER installment of the  Indiana Jones series.  Yes, Harrison Ford with reprise the role, but  chances are that all you loonies that hated this film, will find some  reason to bash that one as well when the time comes.
B000002LQR|5.0|This is truly the RHCP's best album.  I think it's one of the best albums in music history.  All of the songs are just brilliant and have such feeling behind all of them.  Anthony, Flea, John, and Chad are at their  best.  The most beautiful song on this album is &quot;My Lovely Man&quot;  because it was written about Hillel, who was taken too soon.  What else can  I say?  This album is just amazing.  Buy it!
6302800420|5.0|YOU WILL LAUGHT FROM BEGINNING TO END ; DUSTIN HOFFMAN IS JUST GREAT ; BEST PERFORMANCE EVER ! AN ACTOR DISGUISE HIMSELF INTO A WOMAN TO FINALY GET A ROLE &amp; HE ENDS UP WITH TONNES OF FANS (WOMEN MOST OF THEM) WHOM  ENVY &amp; ADMIRE HER &quot;HIM&quot;... BUT SHE &quot;HE&quot; FALL IN  LOVE WITH ANOTHER WOMAN (REAL ONE!).... MUST SEE
6304119046|5.0|Never thought that much of Citizen Kane, being a teen, but recently HBO aired a drama of the making of Citizen Kane called &quot;RKO281&quot; it starred Liev Schreiber, John Malkovich, Melanie Griffith, James Cromwell  and Rob Scheider. This movie made me want to see Kane, so I did. And I have  to say, when it started out I thought it was stupid. But I kept at it. And  it's a touching, moving story of a man. It's a wonderful film, and for  1942, that makes it even more brilliant, I can image what people thought  when it came out. It was WAY ahead of their time. It's wonderful, just see  it.
0671510991|4.0|Kissinger writes of the history of international politics from the Peace of Westphallia until the modern era with obvious familiarity and ease.  The chapters can be read individually or as a continuing history.  This book  proved worthwhile not only by giving me greater insight into politics among  nations, but also some very well appreciated background on subject matter  covered in my Modern Europe 306 history course.  The philosophies of  Idealism and Realism shine through, and Kissenger always a realist,  presents his case well.  One aspect missing from this otherwise nearly  complete volume is a more telling account of his involvment in the context  of the greater scheme of things: Arms talks, Indonesia and Chile to name a  few.  Taken as a whole I recomend this to any student of history,  international affairs, and especially to the individual who would like a  greater understanding of how things international work.
B00000JJHZ|1.0|I bought this DVD based on the other anonymous review here and was very surprised to find the audio quality to be mediocre.  Apparently, the original recording was processed to remove analog tape noise. You can here  the noise modulation at times on the horns and other instruments.  More  disturbing is the constricted, non-dynamic sound. Most  CD's sound far  superior ! Do not waste your money on this version, buy the regular CD  instead if you want this excellent performance. BTW, I am using high-end  equipment (Mark Levinson, Audio Research, Martin Logan)
0790740249|4.0|Weaver gives an excellent interpretation but Connick is the most impressive. You go to the bathroom &amp; you wonder who is there... You open your e-mail &amp; you worried that you going to find one of these  scary pictures... Not to watch alone at night in your appartment...
0792842723|5.0|After a six-year hiatus comes a new Bond movie and anew James Bond.Pierce Brosnan is my second favorite Bond next to Sean Connery.The action and stunts are really good.My favorite part is the climax at the sattelite  cradle.Sean Bean is a great villain and Xenia Onatopp is the best  villainness of all the Bond films.Nataliya was very good.Brosnan's acting  was excellent.Tina Turners title song is one of my all-time favorites next  to Live and Let Die, A View To a Kill, Nobody Does it Better, You Only Live  Twice, Goldfinger, and Thunderball.The score is also one of my favorites by  Eric Serra.The plot was okay and General Ourmouv was really cool.Jack Wade  is the new CIA contact played by Joe Don Baker, who played the villlainous  arms dealer Brad Whitaker in The Living Daylights.The opening stunt scene  is one of the best in the series next to Moonraker's.The pre-title scene is  awesome!It is one of the best along with Thunderball, Diamonds are Forever,  The Spy who Loved Me, Moonraker, A View To a Kill, Octopussy, and Tomorrow  Never Dies.This is my fifth favorie OO7 film, beaten by The Spy who Loved  Me, Thunderball, License to Kill, and The World is Not Enough.
0684803356|5.0|For Whom the Bell Tolls is a story that will be with you forever after you have finished the last riveting page.  All other books will be judged by standards set by Hemmmingway in this one.  The Tragic story of Robert  Jordan and his love Maria is more amazing than any other I have read, seen  or heard.  El Sordo's final stand reads the way the greatest symphony is  heard.  Tension and crescendo that builds and builds until you become one  with the characters and their struggle.  I have never read a book that ends  like this one, and chances are a first time reader has not either.  Get  this book.  Read it.  This IS writting.
B00003CWPQ|4.0|As with all of Kubricks great films, he has spared no expense when it comes to detail...Amazing cinematography, beautiful set design, costumes, and camera work.  But we all know this alone does not a great film  make...remember Dune? What completes this prize is a fascinating and  mesmerizing story, richly marinated with complex characters and bizzare  situations.  This film brings to mind other classics like After Hours, The  Wickerman, and Blue Velvet...A noble, abeit, naive man trapped in a fools  game.  I admit that I feel Cruise has been miscast (not Kidman, however),  but he delivers an impressive performance regardless. Yes, it IS  slow-moving...it HAS to be.  Yes, it IS overkill..It is MEANT to be, much  like Tommy or The Wiz.   EWS i
6300263673|4.0|4STARS FOR THE DANCING &amp; THE MUSIC ; BUT NONE FOR THE STORY : HOW MANY MOVIES ALREADY SHOWED THE GOODIE GIRL FALLING IN LOVE WITH THE BAD GUY ?  AND JENNIFER GREY IS A POOR ACTRESS !
6300268470|5.0|Rio Bravo Stars John Wayne, Dean Martin, Ricky Nelson, Angie Dickinson, Walter Brenon, and Ward Bond.  In Rio Bravo the trio of John Wayne, Dean Martin, and Ricky Nelson gave their best performance and made oscar  &quot;caliber&quot; material.  This movie is serious, yet it provides  several laughs.   If I could recomend a John Wayne movie to someone that  had never seen one before this would be the movie.  I rate this movie six  stars.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is smart, edgy, and has incredible special effects.  The plot is very much similar to that of, &quot;Shade's Children&quot; by Garth Nix. The actors all portray their characters wonderfully, especially the lady  who plays Trinity.  She's tough, but you can still tell when she's hurt,  insecure, or vulnerable.
B00003Q438|5.0|This is an excellent DVD.  You get the original theatrical version, the Director's Cut plus all the extras.  This is one of the best DVD's out there!  If I HAD to pick one flaw, it would have to be the DVD is not  Anamorphic widescreen.  Aside from that, if you like the Abyss, pick up a  copy of this DVD.  You won't be disappointed.
0790729989|5.0|FREEMAN, PITT &amp; SPACEY ARE ABSOLUTLY PERFECT IN EACH OF THEIR ROLES. AS FOR THE STORY ; WELL I HAVEN'T BEEN SCARE LIKE THIS FOR A LONG TIME ; AND THE IDEA OF THE 7 DEADLY SINS IS JUST GREAT. WHAT A GREAT SCARY  MOVIE...
6305263248|5.0|when you watch this movie, first its robert de niro, so that already should be 4 stars already, with the script it has, wow!  its an original. when you see all the twists, turns, and suprises you know this was worth  the watch its robert de diro with attitude and action a must see for  action, suspense, thriller fans
B0000062S0|4.0|I bought this release on vinyl which was pressed on two Lps.  The songs  are not the problem.  Page plays great and Plant sounds fine.  The  production by Steve Albin is awful.  Where the hell did they find this guy?   Why did Page produce the album himself like in the Zep days?  I would love  to hear this album remixed.  The songs sounded great in concert.  I am  awaiting the arrival of my Page/Black Crowes CD.  Anyone who says Page has  lost his chops hasn't heard this two CD set recorded at the Greek Theater.   Walking Into Clarksdale is a great album with a lot of great music. If you  really like Zeppelin then you will really like this set of songs.
6300216209|5.0|WOW ! I CRIED &amp; CRIED &amp; CRIED THE 1ST TIME, THE SECOND TIME, THE THIRD TIME &amp; ALL THE OTHER TIMES... IT IS JUST THE BEST &quot;LOVE STORY&quot; EVER &amp; IT'S TOO BAD WE CAN'T SEE MOVIE LIKE THIS ANYMORE. A  MUST SEE...
B000002JKA|5.0|Yes, Awake is a must have. Five stars of course
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is a great work of art. With John back, the Red Hot Chilli Peppers  have great songs like OTHERSIDE, SCAR TISSUE, and a soothing riff called  ROAD TRIPPIN'. This cd still has some of the hard rocking stuff on it. I  always like to fall asleep to the vocals of Anthony Kiedas. The only thing  I can tell you is that you have to experience this great cd.
B000002H6C|3.0|There is good songs on this album especially One or Blackened. but a lot of them drive me boring! The Frayed.., The Short ..., Eye ..., this song are really too long . However this album are definitively better than Load  an Reload !
0696204800|5.0|When looking through this book ,you cannot help but imagine all the projects you could make with it.  The variety of subjects of the blocks, makes it very flexible and will  enable you to make a quilt on almost any  subject.  It also covers a good variety of patchwork, and applique.  For  anyone who knows the basics of these arts, this book would be a very useful  and addictive reference guide.
B000002H97|4.0|I like a lot of song in this album. But some are just fillers (Holier Than U, Through the never, Of wolf an men). It'sshame because it could have been their best album.  However I don't like the production. I think that the  drums are too loud ! It's not realistic...
0784010528|5.0|The first time I watched this movie was at a party.  I had no clue who The Doors were, wasn't really paying attention, and never really saw the ending, however something clicked.  The next day I went to rent the movie  and really sit down and watch it.  I never had a thing for Val Kilmer as an  actor or really cared about Oliver Stone movies either.  But after watching  this movie made me fall in love with the Door's music.  After buying all  their albums and books and reading into the band I found that the movie was  not really exact in the band and the life of Jim.  And the band members  today say they were upset with the movie.  However, die hard fan or someone  that wants to visit the era in a movie, will enjoy this flick.  Watch this  movie as entertainment the way Oliver Stone wanted you to see it and not  necessarily to get their life story.  The movie is filled with some of the  best Doors songs there are and can take you back to the era that many  people wish never ended.  Val Kilmer played an excellent role looking and  even voicing Jim.  If you are somewhat interested in the band, the era, or  slipping away from reality for a couple hours, I highly recommend this  movie!
B000021XS0|4.0|I have only one problem with this album : the story. It's not very original. The same concept has been developped in the movie 'Dead Again'. It's shame because the music is great and Jordan is fantastic. John P  shreds a lot but he's still great.  I like especially the Act one with  Overture 1928,Strange Deja vu,Fatal Tragedy .
B000002JS8|5.0|All titles on this album are essential. Bon never sing so good.  If you want only one AC/DC album, buy this one !
B00002E285|5.0|You know how good a film is when you can watch it more than 200 times and not be bored of it . Never has a film moved me so much , admitedly the film is not to evrybody's taste and the fact that it requires a little bit more  thought in watching than say 'Blade' or ' The Matrix ' - if that's your  sort of film - don't bother - The Wall is NOT throw away trash.  Like Alan  Parker's most recent musical 'Evita ' you are fed very little dialogue and  therefore the film allows you interpret  it in your own way . Make sure you  listen to CD before you see the film . This is simply a masterpiece and is  Alan Parkers best work to date ( not that he has made a bad film they are  all almost equally as good ) . There are two messages that you can take  away from this Film..<br />1. Violence breeds Violence 2. To loose one's  father at an early age creates an emotional scar that is almost impossible  to repair<br />Most of all I would say - don't watch it once - watch it many  times - it simply gets better and better .<br />Thanks for reading.<br />( also  check out      [...] )
0385493800|4.0|I was discouraged from purchasing the book earlier on by some reviews posted here that stated it was not up to his usual standards. After reading the book, I disagree.  The setting in Brazil is a little unusual for  Grisham, but that is a good thing for the author. Just like all of the  Grisham books, I was unable to put this one down. He has a knack of keeping  the novel flowing rapidly and your interest hightned. The characters are  well-developed and the ending is a real surprise!
0140072187|5.0|This is a very good book it gives you a basic idea what war is like.  Though real war can not be fully apretiated this book convinces you of how terrible it is. The book is well written and I highly suggest it.  I am  already reading it for the second time.
B00003BDXG|5.0|what the hell is up with the dvd?  it reads it as a dvd but nothing plays.
B00003003R|5.0|Before buying this CD, I was not a true Guns 'n' Roses fan. Whenever one of their songs came on the radio, I of course cranked it up, but I mainly only liked (and had heard) most of the stuff off Appetite for Destruction.  I have always liked live albums, so I decided to give this one a shot. When  I listened to it for the first time, I was absolutely blown away. It is  definately Guns 'n' Roses at their best, real. It makes me wonder what it  would have been like to actually have been to one of their concerts.  Unfortunately, I was only 9 when they broke up so I never got the  oppurtunity, but Live Era is almost as good as actually being there. I  recommend this CD to anyone who is a minor fan of the band and I guarentee  you you will be as devoted a fan as I am now.
0684135051|5.0|EZ is so generous in sharing her knowledge and tips. Full of useful information and techniques. This is a must amongst other reference books in your own knitting library.
0385484518|5.0|What an inspiring book Mitch Albom and Morrie Schwartz wrote!  Albom has given us the crux of what mattered most to his mentor, and what should matter most to us all.  As a Christian, I wish Schwartz had realized that  he was espousing the values that Jesus Christ taught.  Nevertheless, maybe  readers of this book will come to know Christ as a result of Schwartz's  carefully-lived life and lessons.  Now, if we can make the act of closing  the book be only the opening of a life filled with love and good works...
B00004S361|5.0|For an album that a)was a Billboard #1 hit b)won tons of Grammies including album of the year,FFF was released on CD in 1988 with not only a shoddy sound but the insert wasn't even a booklet,but a sheet with liner  notes but no lyrics on one side and the cover reduced and surrounded with a  &quot;Florida Evans&quot; orange border on the other.Now FFF has been  remastered with a brighter,crisper sound whereas before it sounded like it  was being channeled through an AM radio.Boogie On Reggae Woman staccato  synth bassline no longer sounds like a scratched record,while Heaven..sound  as transcending as its title promises.Bird Of Beauty benefits the most with  its Latin-esque elements sonically at the forefront.Creepin' is more  seductive than ever and no longer like a Spooky Tooth clone.FFF's  remastering,along with that of his other &quot;Power 70s Albums&quot; is a  godsend for us Stevie fans who've had to put up with chopped up album  sleeves,lost lyrics and fourth generation master sound.And a special thanks  to Harry Weinger for his research(also Kenny Gould)and Kevin Reeves for a  remastering job well done.(for my review of the album itself,go down to   Stevie's First Finale on this page.
B000002UUX|5.0|This is one of the greatest album's ever released by any band. Almost all the songs are masterpieces and I've never once grown tired of listening to it for the last 10 years. Before and after Megadeth has never released an  album quite like this one.
B00004S367|5.0|The dark horse of Stevie Wonder's &quot;70s Power Albums&quot;,MOMM is a more experimental album.Though not given classic status like it's predecessors,it established Stevie as a major artist.For year it has been  revered,yet its CD release in 1988 has been shoddy with sub-par sound(a  travisty considering it was recorded at circa-1971 state of the art studios  like Electric Lady) as well as reduced packaging(no lyrics,truncated  cover)usually treated as a budget line product.Now MOMM has been remastered  in crisp clean digital sound that brings out a clarity that probably hasn't  been heard since its been mastered all those years ago.Happier Than The  Morning Sun finally sounds as bright as its title indicates,while the funky  clavinets of Love Having You Around and Keep On Running sounds as sweaty  and sinister as they would on Superstition.Superwoman(Where Were You When I  Needed You), already previewed on At The Close Of A Century,benefits the  most with its errie yet mournful synth lines enhanced.Lost since the  vinyl  format has been phased out,is the original gatefold collage as well as the  lyrics.MOMM, although dense and experimental,is now a new listening  experience like when  you first laid the needle down for the first time  back in '72 and heard all these new sounds and textures in Stevie's music.A  special thanks to re-issue supervisor Harry Weinger and Kevin Reeves for  his remastering job well done.
B000002JSN|5.0|If you are hesitating about getting this album, purchase a wet fish and slap yourself with it repeatedly. This is the pinacle of Led Zepp's career. Although Stairway To Heaven isn't here, their best song ever is - In My  Time Of Dying. Nobody seems to talk about this masterpiece but it is 11  minutes of bliss! <br />Jimmy Page yet again displays how good he really is on  this album (their heaviest?) especially on Bron-Y-Aur, a gorgeous acoustic  piece. However, trying to pick out all the good pieces would be a futile  exercise as they are all good. Do yourself a favour and get this album  immediately. If you're still reading this and still wondering whether or  not to buy it, carry on slapping yourself.<br />Why oh why aren't there 10  stars!
B0000024K1|5.0|Public Enemy conquered the world of Hip Hop in the late 80s and early 90s.  When Nation dropped I was indeed in complete awe.  We could not believe that one album could be this powerful.  But if that was not enough, they  followed up Nation with Fight the Power and the &quot;Fear of a Black  Planet&quot; album.  When you add this together, what you have essentially  is the greatest hip hop production ever made or attempted.  Chuck brings  powerful lyrics, which address political theory as well as social and  cultural constructs.  His delivery is brilliant and Flavor Flav's vocal  additions serve a very nice Flavor indeed.  With all that said, Nation of  Millions/Fear of a Black Planet may be the greatest Hip Hop album(s) of All  Time.
B000002U9W|4.0|This album isn't as good as their other stuff but it does contain the astoundingly brilliantly excellent Atom Heart Mother Suite and the lovely Fat Ol' Sun. However, the first 9 minutes of Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast  which although indeed IS psychedelic, is also a bit boring. However, I  can't praise the AHM suite enough. It paved the way for all their later  works. If you are a new Floyd fan, get Wish You Were Here. If you are now  getting more Floyd stuff, get this!
6305750750|4.0|It amazes me how many people feel the need to bash this movie!  it was, and is, at its heart, classic movie making!  a type of film making we dont see and is missed in this day and age of Independence days, men in black  and wild wild west's!  Good story telling and innocence!  things that  dont exsist in much entertainment these days! <br />this movie could never and  would never meet the hype or the expectations of the original or empire  strikes back(the best so far)!<br />this is just the beginnng so all you nay  sayers stop being such jaded adults and sit back and enjoy! if not go watch  independence day zzzzzzz zzzzzzzz, oh sorry just thinking about that pile  of goo made me fall asleep!
B000000WF0|5.0|I'll start off by saying that it's a real shame this band isn't together anymore.<br />I was listening to a demo version of &quot;The Drugs Don't Work&quot; last night in my car when I thought I should add this to the  discs that I've reviewed here. The lyrics in that song really some up the  whole disc. Equal parts of beauty, sadness, and content, Urban Hymns can  become a very, very personal record for it's listener. The music is simply  amazing, full on examples of the great talents at work. The way-overplayed  &quot;Bittersweet...&quot;, tends to stick out from the rest of the tracks  but that's ok, it's a great single, isn't it? I really like the tracks  &quot;Lucky Man, Drugs..., and Velvet Morning&quot;. All are so powerful in  their own unique way, but work together to give this album tremendous flow.  If you don't own this and your thinking about it, you should drop the cash  and add it to your collection, it will be in heavy rotation soon  thereafter.<br />On the horizon comes the solo effort from Richard Ashcroft.  This singer/songwriter is simply going to set the world on it's side yet  again with some incredible tunes. Keeping with much of the style that made  Verve fans...well, Verve fans. Look for his first solo single due out in  the U.K., April 3rd 2000.
B000002U8A|5.0|Like the person before me, I found this album to be full of things I never understood and frankly don't stand a chance of understanding, but I still love them.  Better than their songs after the original 5 have split.  It  takes me back to my younger days.
0312853238|5.0|I read alot and am typically not impressed by books especially sci-fi. However Ender's Game was the best book I've read in a long time. It is certainly a leader in ratings and should be used as a example of sci-fi for  without a doubt it is defidently one of the best there is.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|Though the DVD offers no significant additional features, this film is so exceptional in and of itself that it's worth five full stars.  Like _Pulp Fiction_, this film draws you into its narrative by having multiple  storylines going at once, only to be intersected in the end.  Along the  way, each individual story is so intriguing that it's almost easy to forget  that they're all moving inexorably towards collision in a masterful  denouement that amplifies each individual story at least as much as it  neatly ties all of them together.<br />What sustains us throughout is the high  calibre of writing.  This is masterful dialogue, by and large, and it's  more than a little joyous to see it so well acted.  Angelina Jolie and Jon  Stewart, in particular, add comedy simply by the way the read their lines.   Other actors would've gotten laughs because the lines were well written;  Jolie and Stewart go the writer one better by giving especially deft  readings.<br />I think what intrigues us, too, is the casting.  Almost  everyone is in some significant way cast at least slightly against type,  and watching them perform in unusual circumstance-and do it very well-makes  the experience mesmerizing.  <br />But what really sells this film is the fact  that it's perfect date material.  The movie is entirely about love, without  being sappy or obviously formulaic.  Though many of the negative  consequences of love are explored, none is so overwhelming as to be  oppressive.  In short, if by the final credits you're not closer to the one  you're watching the film with, you're simply not human.
052594527X|5.0|I found this story to be very absorbing and wonderfully written.  To fully enjoy this book, I recommend looking at Vermeer's work on the web since that will greatly enhance your appreciation for Ms. Chevalier's simply  beautiful tale.
0312952813|5.0|A suspenseful, character driven mystery novel that grabs you from the beginning and doesn't let go until the satisfying and surprising conclusion.  Bosch, a true maverick hero, is one of my favorite characters  in the genre (and I love his taste in music). <br />Connelly skillfully  overlaps law enforcement with the criminal world.  Some of the so-called  good guys seem just as rotten as the bad guys, and Connelly doesn't make  excuses for anyone.  The only complaint I have with the book is that  everyone seems to be against Bosch, and it gets a little frustrating.  But  it is a very minor complaint and isn't enough to take away from the  five-star rating.  I can't wait to read the rest.
0380796090|5.0|For those who appreciate British humor, this is a fantastic read.  A engaging story of self-discovery, family, and relationships.  I'm anxious for Ms. Keyes next novel.  I found this one funnier and more enjoyable than  Bridget Jones' Diary.
B00004LN16|3.0|But it is funky-&quot;Come And Get It.&quot;  And it is Rock and  Roll-&quot;Hold Me Back.&quot; But mostly it's AC-DC. at their  best-&quot;Give It Up,&quot; and the title cut.  I'd love some Bag Pipes  again-It's A Long Way To The Top If You Want To Rock And Roll-However,  considering today's airplay lists, this CD stands out like a diamond. We'll  take it.But no Bag Pipes.  Damn!
0399143904|5.0|I don't know what some of these people were smoking when they were writing these reviews. This is Clancy's best book yet. He has wonderful details, a great writing technique, and a storyline that even suprised me at the end.  This is Clancy's best book.
B00004LN16|3.0|But it is funky-&quot;Come And Get It.&quot;  And it is Rock and  Roll-&quot;Hold Me Back.&quot; But mostly it's AC-DC. at their  best-&quot;Give It Up,&quot; and the title cut.  I'd love some Bag Pipes  again-It's A Long Way To The Top If You Want To Rock And Roll-However,  considering today's airplay lists, this CD stands out like a diamond.But no  Bag Pipes.  Damn!
B000003CM9|5.0|the allman bros really move me in a special way,the whole album puts you in a dream world and when the album is over you become upset because its so damn short! i do wish dreams was on this album because it kinda sets the  mood
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher is dynamic throughout her &quot;Believe&quot; album.  Strong vocals  and great production make this one of Cher's best efforts.  The album opens  with the title track, Billboard's top single in 1999.  &quot;Believe&quot;  is a soaring dance track sure to be among Cher's signature songs for years  to come. The album features a strong cover of &quot;The Power,&quot; a song  originally recorded by Amy Grant.  The singles, &quot;All or Nothing&quot;  and &quot;Strong Enough,&quot; are pop gems with the latter sounding like a  true 1970s disco classic.  &quot;Dove L'Amore&quot; is a sensual love song  with a great latin beat.  The album closes with a remix of the 1987 Cher  rock classic, &quot;We All Sleep Alone.&quot;  It is reworked with a techno  dance beat.  The song shines almost as much as it did on the 80s Geffen  album, &quot;Cher.&quot;  Indeed from start to finish, &quot;Believe&quot;  is the best Cher album since 1989's &quot;Heart of Stone.&quot;   &quot;Believe&quot; is the perfect foundation for Cher's greatest comeback.
B00003TL18|4.0|Our local (WVIZ) public TV Cleveland station has broadcast the video of this concert as a fund raising attraction on several occasions. I pay for my TV through the cable company could not justify a $90 donation for this  CD. I am delighted to find it at Amazon for a fraction of the price.
B0000029PC|5.0|The original LP recordings of the four Schumann symphonies, Manfred Overture, and (sadly not included) Piano Concerto have been a benchmark for all others since they were first released in the late 50's, and for very good reason. The performances are simply magificent. Yes, Szell did make some adjustments in Schumann's original instrumentation to achieve better balances, but the results are always effective and musical. The Symphony No. 2 was a &quot;calling card&quot; piece for the Cleveland Orchestra and Szell on tour and you will never hear it more beautifully performed than you will on this recording. The SONY packaging is wonderful with plenty of vintage Szell photographs and an excerpt of a very articulate article written by Szell in support of Schumann's orchestral works. Buy this now; you won't regret it!
B000002U82|5.0|I may be only 16, but I can certainly appreciate 27 year old albums. Pink  Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon is one of the best recorded albums I have  ever heard. All of the songs are enjoyable. I especially like the way this  album was recorded. It is incredible for 1973. Much credit should go to  Alan Parsons for his incredible work on this album. This is a definite must  for any fan of rock music.
B00003Q438|3.0|personally i think the regular version of this movie was quite enough james camerons overrated undersea adventures left me wanting to watch pirahna all over again.although the undersea photography is awesome,it  installs anever realized sense of dread. sink this one next to the wreck of  thetitanic.
0553108034|5.0|I just finished A Clash of Kings and I can honestly say that this trilogy is a drug.  Every chapter is a cliff hanger.  When a chapter ends, I am dying to know what happens next.  But, does that urge get satisfied? Not  until you get through the next nail-biting chapters that contain just as  exhilarating and hair raising parallel stories, all of which seem to be  slowly coming together. But beware, right when you think you are satisfied  and start making that dog ear in the page before falling asleep, you  realize that you have to know what will happen to the character that was  just captured.  All of a sudden its 3:00am and your alarm clock is set to  go off for work in another three hours.  I sit here waiting George R.R.  Martin to send me my next fix and feel like I am in the movie Basketball  Diaries.
B00003CWRX|5.0|As in his other memorable work, director Michael Mann hits all the right notes with THE INSIDER, a thrilling film filled with terrific performances by Russel Crowe, Al Pacino and Christopher Plummer.  I could go on an on  about this movie, but all that needs to be said is that is by far the BEST  film of 1999, and although it won't win the Oscar, it certainly should  have.  Riveting, intelligent storytelling complimented by Mann's trademark  visual style.  Any fan of Mann's work knows what I mean.  Tight close-ups,  fantastic music score and wonderful cinematography.  Don't let the length  scare you.  It's long and it needs to be.  So did HEAT.
B000003TA4|5.0|this is one classic album, it has great songwriting,guitar playing, and scream to sing vocals. i think nirvana was the second Beatles but way better.I always say if you like every single song on the cd and listen to  it more than anything else, then its a great album. to me this is way more  than just a great album.
6305776369|4.0|Another Saturday Night Live skit brought to life on the Big Screen. Remaining very faithful to the character, this was a very funny movie. Shannon, Farrell and Williams steal the show. Though not as funny as Night  at the Roxbury, it is worth a gander.
B000003TA4|5.0|this is one classic album, it has great songwriting,guitar playing, and scream to sing vocals. i think nirvana was the second Beatles but way better.I always say if you like every single song on the cd and listen to  it more than anything else, then its a great album. to me this is way more  than just a great album.
0790733226|5.0|TRU Drew: You obviously don't know a great film when you see one. &quot;Contact&quot; is one of the best movies ever made with excellent screenplay by superb actors. Not only a science fiction movie, but also a  good look into humanity. Buy or rent this movie.
6300267997|3.0|As much as I enjoy Barbra and the film, in all honesty I think that Cher would have done a better job.  It is her genre.  Streisand is great with her songs, but she just can't get rocky and rough enough for this role.   The MANY Barbra fans plus a few more will love it (as I do).  But again to  be honest... Cher would have done it better!
6305603847|5.0|This is a great music video. My only wish is that the CD version of this was kept to the original film score. Several of the tracks are quite different. <br />The DVD itself is excellent. The video transfer is quite  good, and the audio re-mastering was executed with a great deal of care and  creative use of the surrounds. This disk is also VERY subwoofer happy. You  might be best off to invite your neighbors when you watch this one!  <br />There are tons of extras, including a very helpful 5.1 channel audio  setup aide.<br />Pick up this disk for the collection. You won't be  dissapointed!
B000002U9P|5.0|I am a Tina fan, and I know that Break Every Rule isn't seen as one of her best recordings, but I think it is. It has hits: &quot;Typical Male&quot;, &quot;What You Get Is What You See&quot;, &quot;Two People&quot;,  &quot;Break Every Rule&quot; and &quot;Paradise Is Here&quot; plus  &quot;Afterglow&quot;, &quot;Girls&quot;, &quot;Overnight Sensation&quot;  and &quot;I'll Be Thunder.&quot; Just as good as Private Dancer I think.  Certainly better than 1989's Foreign Affair and 1996's Wildest Dreams and  even 2000's Twenty Four Seven. This, and Private Dancer, are must haves for  any rock collector.
078322608X|5.0|This movie is excellent! The story is convoluted, the ending leaves you wondering what's real and what's not: and that's what makes it a classic.  You're not going to find the typical Hollywood trash here. (Thank goodness)  Great film, great DVD, great buy.
079073804X|5.0|This film is still gripping today as it was 26 years ago. It's dated now, but the subject matter is not. Great story, performances and directing. Absolutely a must have for any film collector. As far as the genre of  horror goes, this is a cornerstone and landmark film.
B000002KIE|5.0|This CD and The Clash's first CD are essential.  This is RAW and hits below the belt.  The Sex Pistols are youthful rebellion all over again.
B000000WF0|5.0|I have all three Verve cds, and I think Urban Hymns is their best, most accessible recording. All the songs work well together creating a psychedelic, sonic masterpiece. Though it is a mellow, atmospheric work, it  is a classic nonetheless. Great songs like &quot;Bittersweet  Symphony&quot;, &quot;Sonnet&quot; and &quot;The Drugs Don't Work&quot;  make this cd a keeper. This is a must have for any rock collector.
0385493800|4.0|The suspense start right at the very beginnig.  The first chapter is a audience grabber and the rest just gets more interesting.  The middle is full of adventure just when you think the book is done throwing out intense  moments it hits you with another.  Not only does it leave you on the edge  of your seat it warm your heart all at the same time.  The ending in the  most shocking part of all.  The only way the find out what happens is to  read the book.
0792838068|5.0|Of all the films dealing with alcoholism, Leaving Las Vegas shows the character flaw perfectly. Nicholas Cage and Elizabeth Shue give great performances. The directing is excellent, but it's the story you will keep  coming back to. I think it's great that the main character is unyielding in  his quest for alcohol and death. This isn't a trite or simplistic film.  Those who want happy can go rent a comedy. This is a must have for any film  collector.
0517122707|1.0|I've been accused of having a sense of humor outside the mainstream.  Reading all of the reviews below makes me believe this may be true.  I don't know why, but I just didn't get it!   I thought the story was stupid  and boring.  I got about 2/3 the way through and just couldn't bring myself  to finish it.  Oh well, different strokes, as they say...
B000000OUE|5.0|Before Limp Bizkit and Korn, there was White Zombie. Rob Zombie was the  first to blend heavy metal/hard rock with funky electronic beats. From  &quot;Electric Head, Pt. 1&quot; to &quot;More Human Than Human&quot; Rob  Zombie created a classic recording. Not often recognized as a classic  Astro-creep is fine songwriting with musicianship. Not a dull moment on  this disc, and it's better than their first outing. This is a must have for  any rock collector.
B000002J20|5.0|This truly is one of the greatest pieces of music ever composed. Some people (icluding band members, namely Rick Wakeman) have criticized this album for containing too much padding. Well, if there is padding on this  album, then it is divinely inspired padding. I sincerely belive that this  composition is as important to music history as Mozart's Requiem. I hope  that musicologists will someday recognize this piece as the great musical  work that it is.
B000002LSV|5.0|It's tough being an aging rock band in the pop world. At a certain point both fans and record company turn away from your music and focus on what's hot now. ZZ Top, I think, has suffered this fate. While they still continue  to make good music, no one seems to be listening anymore. Fine. I still  like them. I still buy their cds. This compilation is the only best of ZZ  Top that's worth buying for now. They really should have two disc or three  disc retrospective like The Cars have and ELO has. However, this one disc  compiles some of their greatest 70's and 80's hits in one place with a  couple of new songs for 1992, &quot;Viva Las Vegas&quot; and &quot;Gun  Love.&quot; At 18 tracks this is a nice buy. No extensive liner notes  though. After 1992, ZZ Top released Antenna in 1994, which dropped the  synthesizers and went back to hard rocking blues. Then they released 1996's  Rhythmeen, which seemed like they were going for a more mud-swamp,  mid-tempo hard rock blues. In 1999 they released XXX which finds them still  rocking the blues but with a bit more fun like they had before 1990's  Recycler. This Greatest Hits, however, is perfect for those wanting a  sample. This is a must have for any rock collector.
B000000WA4|5.0|This double cd set is a classic. Few artists have Billy Corgan's vision and diversity. The cohesiveness of the set and the fine musicianship prove that Corgan will be around a long time. I own all 5 studio cds and I  believe that Mellon Collie is their masterpiece. All of their cds are  great, but I think it will be Mellon Collie that stands out in their  catalog. Such hits as &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot;,  &quot;Zero&quot;, &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;, &quot;1979&quot;,  &quot;33&quot; and &quot;We Only Come Out At Night&quot; make this worth  having. This is a must have for any rock collector.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This CD is amazing. Its so beautiful. I love every song on it especially Paranoid Android. Theyre probably the most creative band i listen to. The music puts you in a hypnotic trace. I never actually got tired of the cd  either. Ive had it for a long time but i still hear the whole album at  least 5 or so times a month!  Its a really interesting CD and anyone  without it needs to at least give it a try.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Okay, I see by the reviews here and by the reviews the critics had in the papers that this film is hit or miss depending on your perspective. I see also that some die hard Kubrick fans didn't like this film either. Well, if  this film is viewed from an artistic, psychological perspective, it's  pretty good. It's confusing enough to keep you coming back to re-watch it.  I think all criticism aside, this is a very interesting and engrossing  film. Yeah, it's long at 2 hours and 35 minutes approximately. However, the  series of events keeps it interesting I think. Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman  give fine performances given the subject matter of the film and given the  fact that they probably had to do so many re-shoots as that is Kubrick's  way. Perhaps the film could have been more clear had Kubrick lived to  tinker with it some more. It is my fear that the film company may have  taken liberties with this movie that we are unaware of. At any rate, I  think this is first-rate Kubrick, I appreciate all his work, good or bad,  and I don't feel that this is as bad as some people think. I do think that  when people are presented with a subject that they can't quite grasp, they  get irritated. I, for one, am intrigued instead of irritated or  disappointed. I think this is a must have for any Kubrick fan and for any  film collector.
0553573403|4.0|When I begun reading I felt that this was a good book with depth in both caracters and story, but as I came to read further i had to concede that it was nothing short of brilliant.<br />The story is well crafted and has a true  magic with exellent descriptions of the land and its inhabitants. Martin  uses just enough words to interesst us but not enough to sate us. This  leads to questions and curiosity as the story unfolds (smart since it sells  sequals). The stage is grand with large armies and great heroes. Here I  must admit that Martin sometimes wonders a bit, he has the same tendency as  Jordan to describe armies consisting of thousands, yet at the same time the  number of people with a face rarly comes beyond a handfull. In the same way  he ignores the logistacal problems of moving thousands over long distances,  but the fantasy authors who adress problems of this kind are rare  indeed.<br />The caracters are magnificent, Martin juggles the sides against  each other and although there are a few clear heroes not all of them are on  the same side, something I can do nothing but apploud. He also tries to  give the heoroes flaws and the villains reedeming qualities. There are  (naturally) a number of extreme personalities that would never be accepted  in other forms of literature, but in the world Martin draws in our minds  they fit in beautifully. Even if I sometimes feel that Martins respect the  abillities of children a little to much, a nine year old girl is no  grownup. But overall I must surrender to his descriptions.<br />The part that  at first was my greatest problem with the book was the language. Martins  English is good but he spices his language with a lot of four letter words  now and then. I think nothing of his choise to let sex be a part of the  story, anyone who claims that thoughts of the opposite sex does not take up  a large part of there thoghts are simply thinking of there own sex (or are  lacking vital parts). Sometimes though it feels as if he uses the coarse  language deliberetly to distance himself from &quot;books for  children&quot; and in doing so succedes only in making it just so. Martin  does not have the mastery with words that enables Pratchet in his early  work to make lewd comments only somebody well familiar with the meckanics  are able to spot. This is not to say that Martin is bad, on the contrary he  is exellent only that in this part I feel he overreaches.<br />All in all  this is a brilliant work of fiction that I recomend anybody with an  interest in fantasy.if he uses the coarse  language deliberetly to distance himself from &quot;books for  children&quot; and in doing so succedes only in making it just so. Martin  does not have the mastery with words that enables Pratchet in his early  work to make lewd comments only somebody well familiar with the meckanics  are able to spot. This is not to say that Martin is bad, on the contrary he  is exellent only that in this part I feel he overreaches. <br />All in all  this is a brilliant work of fiction that I recomend anybody with an  interest in fantasy.
B000001ABD|5.0|While by no means an adequate compilation of Stevie Wonder's illustrious career, this is still a strong collection of songs. Most of his hits and well known songs are here. This is perfect for those who'd like to sample  his music, and it's the only comprehensive collection available for now.  This is a must have for any rock collector.
B000002B7O|5.0|This is the one. If you only buy one Ozzy Osbourne album, &quot;Diary of a Madman&quot; is the one to get. Much tighter songwriting than on the first album, there is not a bad track on this album. There is plenty of mood and  atmosphere present in Osbourne and Daisly's lyrics wrapped around haunting  and intense guitars provided by Mr. Rhoads. The soloing of Rhoads is very  fluid and not a single note is wasted. All in all this album is incredible.  Just one thing-Does anyone out there actually believe that Rudy Sarzo is  the bassist that recorded on the album?
B000002HO3|5.0|Unfortunately, Simply Red only had a couple of hits in America, namely &quot;Holding Back The Years&quot;, &quot;Money's Too Tight To Mention&quot; and &quot;If You Don't Know Me By Now.&quot; However, as this  fantastic compilation attests, they are much more than just three hits.  This greatest hits package has everything a casual fan would want. At 15  tracks it's well worth the money. Plus, no one can sing like Hucknall can.  Pure white soul, and great music that already sounds classic. This is a  must have for any rock collector.
630575067X|3.0|I saw this movie at our local theater last summer with my son. My wife and I have taken him to them all. My son asked me what I thought of Phantom Menace and I said in a word OverHype.Don't get me wrong any Star Wars fan  worth his salt had to have loved this movie.I think what alot have people  and the media especially have failed to remember is that George Lucas had  alot to overcome with this movie.He's always been an excellent storyteller  ie: Raiders of the Lost Ark,Star Wars,ect. This movie,I believe,was a  foundation story to give a point of reference so to speak for the other  movies. I believe the media as well as the people at 20th Century fox  overhyped this movie. I think it would have been much more successful if  this hadn't happened. But, such as the way of the world. All in all this  movie is good fun,Hollywood thinks all Americans,need sex,drugs,foul  language,ect to fuel a good movie,George Lucas has proved time and again  you do not.Thank You,Mr. Lucas.
B000002LIX|5.0|The finest &quot;alternative&quot; album of all time.  A true classic that I couldn't live without.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Art should provoke the observer to think and re-evaluate reality. Fight club provoked a lot of thought and made me look at our culture in a different way. Although the violence is characteristically un-hollywood and  brutal, it's not the vehicle of the film. Some people may deny the film  based on the violence, but that would be comparable to saying the Mona Lisa  is ugly because it shows skin. The movie exposes our culture and addiction  to catalog consumerism. Most everyone is guilty of it at one point in their  life, so the movie is relevant and piercing. The disjointed narrative  structure is a good translation of the book. The way in which the film  flashes forward and back is effective in creating the experience of the  narrator's psyche.  I enjoyed the movie and find it refreshing.
B000000W5N|5.0|Sticky Fingers is the best Rolling Stones album in my opinion. It's good  from start to finish and contains no boring filler, unlike Exile. Can't You  Hear Me Knocking is one of the Stones' best songs. Sticky Fingers is worth  owning by anyone who loves rock and roll.
B00000AFGM|5.0|His album &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; is as powerful as &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; but at first glance it didn't feel like it. I think it's because some of the latter's explosive emotions has  transformed into resignation. The earlier outbursts of rage here appears as  concentrated, nonetheless relentless, level of emotions.<br />He seems to be  more universal this time too. He somewhat shifted focus and perspective.  While I was more overwhelmed by &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot;, I can  stronger identify myself with his world-view presented in &quot;Mechanical  Animals&quot;. The scapegoat of &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; seemingly  became one of the &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; in this world where  &quot;nothing grows, nothing heals&quot;. Yet he knows &quot;it's the last  day on Earth&quot;, where I think &quot;it's&quot; means his and  &quot;day&quot; means life.  After &quot;a million years&quot; of  incarnations he anticipates this one being his last.
B000003BF4|5.0|What is a ya-ya? Oh well. Anyway, this is a great live album which captures the Rolling Stones during their late 60s/early 70s peak. The songs are great and they all rock. Awesome version of Sympathy for the Devil.  Midnight Rambler and Honky Tonk Women are awesome too. This album rocks!
B00004LN16|4.0|I'm glad to see that some thinks don't change, especially when their not  broke. AC/DC is straight ahead rock n' roll and Stiff upper Lip is exactly  that. Classic AC/DC. The lyrics are some what repetitive, but we all know  that's not what AC/DC is about. Stiff Upper Lip the title track, along with  Meltdown, Hold me back, and Give it up are some that will grab you right  away. I think Give It Up will be released as a single, it's got Classic  AC/DC good times written all over it. <br />Keep it up boys!!
0780020685|5.0|This movie is one of the great Japanese Auteur masterpieces. With social commentary and entertainment rolled into this neat little package it's a must have.
0380789019|4.0|Neverwhere is a well-crafted novel.  Gaiman takes some risks and makes the characters compelling.<br />I'd like to focus on some of the characteristics that others haven't mentioned.  The book is dark.  The primary evil-doers  are invincible callous killers who enjoy doing evil acts.  They have  loyalty to each other as their only redeeming quality.  They inflict a lot  of pain on others.  In addition, the setting itself is quite dark.  Slavery  and wanton cruelty seem to be common, and only wealth and power save one  from a miserable and short existence.<br />In addition, the book is a little  limited in its female characters.  Both of the major ones are stunningly  beautiful.  One is hypercompetent and dies for it.  The other is young and  fragile and constantly needs the help of the average bloke protagonist.   The girlfriend is predatory and obviously too far above her station - she's  trying to do well and thus must be avoided.  It's a problem.
B000006NPY|5.0|I hate it how people will give Adore one star and then say &quot;I'm a  huge Pumpkins fan&quot; as the first line in their review. THEY LIE. No  real Pumpkins fan could give Adore one star. This is a truly beautiful  album - although it takes a somewhat enlightened person to fully appreciate  it, I think anyone can enjoy it.<br />The album is not dark and depressing in  my opinion. It is chillingly beautiful, and filled with ups and downs. No,  you won't find the explosive rock of &quot;I Am One&quot; or the uptempo  melodic guitar power of &quot;Cherub Rock&quot; here. Not even the  nihilistic stomp of &quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings.&quot; No, Adore is a  different kind of animal altogether. However, it is still very, very  good.<br />It is full of great songs. &quot;To Sheila&quot; is a chilling,  beautiful ballad. &quot;Ava Adore&quot; is one of the more uptempo,  familar-sounding songs, and ranks as one of my favorite Pumpkins songs.  It's dark but uptempo, and very cool. &quot;Perfect&quot; is very  reminiscent of 1979, but still very good. &quot;Tear&quot; is eerily catchy  and slow. &quot;Appels + Oranjes&quot; is a swelling synth anthem, very  nice. &quot;Pug&quot; has a cool beat and drive, very groovy. All the songs  are good though.<br />Billy really stands out here. His songwriting prowess is  displayed and he shows he can write a great song without a single distorted  guitar hook to be found in it. His singing progresses as well; listen to  &quot;Annie-Dog.&quot; The lyrics found in Adore are also more personal and  easy to relate to than some of the other songs. They kind of remind me of  the lyrical style on songs like &quot;Muzzle&quot; and  &quot;Disarm.&quot;<br />Adore is an amazing album. It also shows that Billy  is a true artist and that even without Jimmy Chamberlain (one of the best  drummers in modern music today) they can make some damn good songs. If you  like the Pumpkins, I mean if you really like them, you will enjoy Adore.
