B00000IAU3|4.0|I bought this cd solely for &quot;Thankyou&quot; which was sampled on &quot;slim shady's&quot; new song, &quot;Stan.&quot; The album turned out to be awesome. The only reason I rated it 4 stars is because I haven't  heard the songs enough to rate better :)   :::bottom line::: if you like  Sarah McLachlan, you'll like Dido. It's easy to listen to, and kind of  new-agey. Enjoy!
0553573403|4.0|I was extremely glad to find out that this wasn't a stand alone novel. The depth of character will take many more novels to wind its way out. This book had me nashing my teath at the stupidity of some of the  &quot;heroes&quot;, but its brutal style left me unable to put it down.  Well done!
B00004U9WR|5.0|Every child has imagined that when they leave the room their toys have a personality. This movie does a fantastic job of tapping into childhood fantasy and making it a movie
0451160916|5.0|When innocence recognize the evil, then you are in the world of Stephen King. You can only resist this tale if you have nerves like iron. The film has not much in common with the book. Id first see the film before reading  the novel otherwise youll get disappointed of the film, which is not bad.  You ask why Ive given the book five stars? Because there arent more stars  to give! You ask yourself what REDRUM is? READ THIS NOVEL or youll never  find the solution.
B00004TL21|5.0|When you hear an album named &quot;White Pony&quot; from an alt/metal band you think an album about pony's and happy enchanted lands, this is not the case.  The Deftones have been labeled as emotional, heavy, and a metal band  that has a singer that can actually sing, on the white pony you have the  best deftones album, having heavy but at the same time melodic music,  haunting but at the same time sweet vocals, on every song there is a  different vive, on feiticeira you have a riff that builds up then the drums  come, adding a good grove to the song, then at the same time the bass and  the vocals come up, having the riff go from heavy to soft in matter of  seconds and then heavy again, Chino's vocals sweet as always, Digital bath  has a soft riff progression that goes building up, having some unexpected  turns on the music and on the vocals, elite, the heavy song on this album  has chino singing whit some effects on his voice, having a metal riff on  Stephen's guitar, Rx Queen has an electronic feel thanks to Dj Frank  Delgado, when you think of a Dj you think about some scratch master, but  Frank uses his turntables as a sampling machine and does some weird  effects, Street Carp is a heavy song that on the chorus has some melodic  riff but on the verse is heavy, Teenager is a song that has almost a  Smashing Pumpkins, adore era feel, Knife Prty starts whit a clean guitar,  that on the verse stays clean and then it goes on with distortion, having  Chino saying &quot;We're all anemic in here, anemic and sweet so go get  your knife and lay down, go get your knife and kiss me&quot;, then Chino  starts screaming really weird, I can only describe it as a woman saying oh  and going up and down passing a lot of highs and lows in notes, Korea  starts with Frank doing some weird sound and then the band kicks on whit a  heavy feel, Passenger is a song that has Maynard Keenan (Tool/A Perfect  Circle) on vocals, this songs has an adrenaline feel (for those who don't  know adrenaline is the Deftones first album), then the first single  Change(In The House of Flies) I can describe it as a melodic but at the  same time heavy song, melancholic but powerful , Franck doing some weird  sounds and on the middle part Chino starts singing Ah that I can only  describe it as an angel singing, and almost on the end Abe Cunningham  starts playing a very short (very, very short) drum solo that makes more  adrenaline kick in, Chi Cheng playing and letting some low end to the song,  this can be described as one of the best Deftones songs, then last but not  least, Pink Maggit a very soft song with soft vocals, I want to thank the  deftones for once again giving us an excellent album.naline is the Deftones first album), then the first single  Change(In The House of Flies) I can describe it as a melodic but at the  same time heavy song, melancholic but powerful , Franck doing some weird  sounds and on the middle part Chino starts singing Ah that I can only  describe it as an angel singing, and almost on the end Abe Cunningham  starts playing a very short (very, very short) drum solo that makes more  adrenaline kick in, Chi Cheng playing and letting some low end to the song,  this can be described as one of the best Deftones songs, then last but not  least, Pink Maggit a very soft song with soft vocals, I want to thank the  deftones for once again giving us an excellent album.
0764009842|5.0|I saw this and became very aware of why David Copperfield has become such a classic. The production of this PBS version rivals any period movie made with Hollywood money. You'll really get involved in the lives of the  characters.
B00004TL21|5.0|The wait was well worth it. Deftones have managed to create a CD that is superior to anything that they have ever produced before. They seem to have adopted a new style, but still include the type of music that their old  fans will still love. Their new style is exhibited in songs like Digital  Bath, RX Girl and Change. It's a softer side of the Deftones that is  surprisingly excellent. Chino uses his voice in a much different way,  showing his singing talent. It is an amazing sound. Songs like Elite and  Korea are prime examples of their old style that is hard and very intense.  If you loved their old albums, this one is a must. If you've never really  been a fan of their former style, give this a chance, it will surprise you.
B000002H97|3.0|Metallica.  What a great band.  These guys are some of the most talented and seasoned veterans of the Heavy Metal industry.  That goes without saying.<br />But, I'm not neccesarily talking about the Metallica from their  self-titled commercial debut, I'm talking about the Metallica before ...and  Justice for All.  Cliff Burton, may he rest in peace, was the best bass  player that ever graced the metal scene, ever.  The combination of Cliff  and Lars on previous albums produced a rhythym section that was  untouchable.  But, Cliff was tragically killed, and it seems that Metallica  has never been the same.  Coincidence?  I couldn't tell you.<br />I remember  being about 5 years old, and my brother introduced me to Jump in the Fire  (remember that one?  With Dave Mustaine?).  It was plain old thrash metal  music, and it was the best I had heard at the time.  I can still see the  picture of James on the back of the album (yes, vinyl, and my brother still  owns it!) with teenage acne.  These guys were young.  After I heard that  album, I never stopped listening to them.<br />That was, until this album came  out.<br />Without a doubt, Master of Puppets is the best album that Metallica  ever put out, and the last one that Cliff played on.  And Justice for All  was a very good album, one that I still enjoy, but I believe everything  started to go downhill from there.  With the taste of commercial success  with 'One' it seemed that the road to mass consumer digestion had been  paved.  It turns out that it was.<br />And that is what this album represents;  Metallica's entrance into the mainstream.  Before And Justice for All young  kids would have a hard time gaining approval from parents to buy their  albums, but with this release soccer moms rushed to the store to buy their  kids this album.  Their music became radio friendly and echoed with all of  the digestable Heavy Metal cliches that could possibly be mixed in.  To me,  it didn't seem real.  It seemed like music that was made for the sake of  generating money and popularity.  It seemed hollow.<br />For those that have  never heard Metallica except for on the radio or on MTV, I would say to buy  this album.  To buy any other earlier releases might leave you a little  disappointed.  Metallica has changed; nobody can deny that.<br />With the  release of Load, I thought Metallica would maybe go back to their roots and  become heavy again.  I lost all hope after their first single release.  I  mean, c'mon, compare 'Four Horsemen' and 'Hero of the Day'.  What happened?   Are these the same guys?<br />And now with Metallica's crusade to destroy  Napster, I have lost it.  I don't feel the passion anymore, and I don't  feel the honesty.  By Lars' own admission they do nothing for the fans.  I  think that mindset is ultimately going to be the end of Metallica.  Its  also a contradictory thing to say because it certainly looks like they care  about the 'fans' when they 'write' their music these days, considering that  it seems that its now made with only commercial viability and the bottom  line in mind.<br />It has to happen to succesful bands at some time.  The  temptation to become rich and famous becomes great, and not only that, but  the prospect of gaining many more followers is hard to resist.  If I was in  a band like Metallica, I would have probably done the same thing.<br />I  continue to listen to Metallica to this day, but I just can not connect  with the 'new' Metallica that this album represents.  I gave it three stars  because it is a good album, and I have alot of respect for Metallica as  musicians.  I wish them good luck in their ventures, and I await the day  that Metallica hangs up this new found style and starts to hammer away  again.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britneys new album is unbelievably amazing!  If you loved her first album &quot; Baby One More Time&quot; then &quot; Opps!... I did it Again&quot; is going to knock you out!  Britney sounds great on the album !  Each song  is definitly unique in its own way! Opps.. is just a classic song that will  probably be around for ever ! Stronger is an amazing song {probably the  best} on the CD. Britney has got a foghorn effect to her voice in the  begining but at the end really sings it all out to its fullest potential.  DON'T GO KNOKIN ON MY DOOR is a new hip-hop kind of sound for Brit. Its  sounds great!  Other fab songs are LUCKY,and WHAT U SEE IS WHAT U GET.  Once you listen to these songs you may realize that they have some  realation to her life. The CD end with the song Brit wrote herself titled  DEAR DIARY which fantastic. Britney sounds great in this song. Every song  on the CD is phenominal!  I promise you this is no waste of money!  You  will be very satisfied. And if you are not then you have got some  problems!
B00003CXBK|5.0|This film must be seen to be believed.  The animation is simply gorgeous and story is rich and engrossing.  It can easily be seen in this movie that Japanese Animators are at least 20 years ahead of American animators like  &quot;Disney.&quot;  Disney lost its &quot;magic&quot; after releasing  &quot;Pocahaunt Who?&quot; Exactly, and now Disney's tag line is  &quot;There's magic in the stars, here and Disney Land...&quot; YEA maybe  at the theme park, but recent films that have come out have been horrible.   Japanese animators, especially director Hayao Miyazaki have continued to  produce magical and interesting worlds that unfold infront of the viewer  telling an epic tale about power and greed with a subtle eco-environmental  undertone.  Princess Mononoke is Miyazaki's most recent work and should be  in EVERYONE's collection.  This is not a CHILD's MOVIE with sing-a-longs  and &quot;tra la la la la&quot; flittiness, its ANIME.  Watch Mononoke and  witness one of the greatest stories ever told.
6303314015|5.0|This is the Best and probably will stay the best animated video. It is completly enjoyable. It's about Simba (Young Simba's voice: J.T.T) accused by his uncle,Scar,for killing his father,Mufasa. Simba had nothing to do  with the murder but he thought it was his fault,because of Scar telling him  lies. Simba ran away and met up with Timon and Pumbaa and lived with  them,growing very fond of their friendship. Simba grew up with them (Grown  up Simba: Matthew Broderick) and later Nala,Simba's childhood friend,found  him and told him what Scar was doing and that he had to come back and  become the King,which Simba finally decided to return to Pride Rock and  fight his uncle. This is a lovely movie and i recommend this to people  young and old.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album is beyond description. I don't skip a single track. This effort clearly surpasses their fantastic debut album which I didn't think was possible. After seeing them in concert last month it cemented them as a  complete musical package that will dominate for years to come!<br />1.  Affirmation- Always a favourite. The catchiest chorus in history and lyrics  with meaning. Amazing<br />2. Hold me- Magnificent. A great chorus with verses  that change tempo. Again, great lyrics. &quot;So tell me isn't happiness  worth more than a golden diamond ring?&quot;<br />3. I Knew I Loved You- I  need not explain. You've all heard it. A great song that rivals TMD.  Heartfelt<br />4. The Best Thing- Pop perfection! The best dancey song on the  album. You'll be bopping in no time!<br />5. Crash and Burn- Beautiful song  about devotion. The chorus could have been slightly better. The verses are  mind-boggling<br />6. Chained to You- A great throwback to 70's disco. Great  when performed live<br />7. The Animal Song- 4 minutes of pop paradise.<br />8.  The Lover After Me- Just about the best song on the album! Great chorus and  lyrics tinged with sadness as one deals with the demise of love<br />9. Two  Beds and A Coffee Machine- Darren's spine-tingling vocal ability is  showcased here. Good piano work<br />10. You Can Still Be Free- A haunting  song after losing loved ones. Unbelievable<br />11. Gunning Down Romance-  Another highlight. Great buildup to an explosive chorus.<br />12. I Don't Know  You Anymore- Phenomenal. Great end to the album. You feel Darren's pain as  his marriage came to an end
6305776326|3.0|This movie about Mary (Molly S. from SNL) is kinda plain but it IS bearable..you can sit through it,if ya wanted. It's about Mary praying and dreaming of being a &quot;SuperStar!&quot; by dancing and just plain  fitting in. She has a crush on the most-popular guy at school,Skye,who is  popular for being the best dancer,which he clearly is not. Mary gets put in  a 'Special' class where she meets her best friend. What i really liked  about this was that Tom Green is in it and he acts the same as he does now.  I would recommend this for a movie to watch when you are looking for a few  slight laughs. If you like SNL,then you might like this.
B000002UAO|5.0|All the songs are of creative genius on this album,  especially In My Life.  It really showed how much of a great songwriter Lennon was.  While georges songs leave a little to hope for they by no means bring down the  rating from 5 stars.
B000002BUY|5.0|This was the first Incubus album I got. I loved every song espessaly Redefine (the best song on the album), New Skin, Idiot Box, and A Certain Shade of Green. I also got Make Yourself afterwards, but it sort of  dissapointed me.
0593044703|5.0|If god wrote a book he wrote this. Erikson is without a doubt the most impressive author I've seen in years. This book is THE definition of what a fantasy book should be like. His characters are real and so easy to relate  to, his world is as complex as ours and his magics are original. I'm  currently reading this book for the third time round and waiting for the  sequel to come out.  I highly recommend this book to anyone wanting a  fantastic read!
6300274195|5.0|This is an absolutely stunning film.  For a guy who is not often affected emotionally by a movie it is nice to find one that can really move me, and this film does.  In about an hour, this movie moves the viewer across the  emotional spectrum more quickly and more completely than any other film I  have seen.<br />This is not the most PC flick Disney has put out, nor is it  one to baby your feelings, but in my opinion, it is the best movie they've  ever made.  It is certainly better than the pablum they're making today.
B000002JS8|5.0|Bon Scott at his rawest best. It's a shame this was his last. Everything on this rocks hard and is just plain good headbanger! I actually wrecked up my car listening to this cranked up when it first came out. Personally, I  think Bon was a better singer then Brian and AC/DC suffered a great loss  when he died. Buy this one for sure.
B00004TL21|5.0|The new Deftones album was definetly worth waiting for.  It may not be as hard as their past stuff, but it is their best written, and musically composed.  Songs like change, knife prty, and my favorite song passanger,  really show what this band can do.  Don't worry if you want textbook  Deftones just go to songs like:  elite, and korea.  This CD shows why the  Deftones should be in the main stream along with rage against the machine,  tool, and korn.
B000002ITW|5.0|One of the great live albums. The special chemistry of the group and crowd reactions really brought out their best effort. A beautiful blend of acoustic numbers followed by the electric powered rockers helped define  their generation. The political statements are numerous and fit in with  those troublesome times. The singing is inspiring and the lyrics are  powerful and backed by great musicianship.
B0000041Q3|5.0|If you think that the title was a bold statement then I challenge you to find this CD in a record shop and listen to a longish section of it.  You may be wondering why you should fork out this much for Turandot when there  are cheaper CDs by the likes of Nilsson and Caballe. Indeed they make very  fine Turandots. However, for me Sutherland is supurb. Never let anyone tell  you that she was no dramatic soprano. She had the power necessary as well  as lyrical beauty and a spectacular range. This recording also has the best  supporting cast. Although I usually loathe Pavarotti here he shows great  talent. Far from overstated, indeed surprisingly restrained, he makes a  wonderfully rich tone and surpasses Corelli by far.  Caballe makes a  magnificent Liu and complements Sutherland in their duets. Sir Peter Pears,  a personal favourite, is also very fine indeed.  Mehta is, as ever,  masterful. In summary; buy this in spite of the lofty price. I promise you  will not regret it!
B000002VC5|5.0|When you listen to Alan Parsons, you are hearing a beautiful style unlike anything you've heard before. This is one of his best efforts too. The songs blend effortlessly throughout the recording. The vocals are top-notch  and the haunting melodies and sweeping passages will move you. This is not  dance music, it is like fine wine, best when it is enjoyed slowly and  contemplatively. This and The Turn of a Friendly Card are must haves and  will never grow old and you will always enjoy them.
B00004TL21|4.0|I bought this new deftones album knowing that it would be a change from the previous two albums.The white pony is softer and more melodic. In some ways I wish it was harder and Chino let out his bloodcurling screams. If  you are a Deftones fan I still reccomend you go out and buy this cd. Best  songs:Korea,Change,RX Queen and Elite
0767802659|5.0|They are judging it like it was supposed to be a serious movie. Starship Troopers had to be one of the most entertaining movies I have seen. Most films have boring parts or scenes that you just don't feel like sitting  through but this one is enjoyable through the whole duration. So lighten up  a little.
B000000OTU|5.0|This is a truly great Aerosmith CD.  It has all of their most recent hits (before Nine Lives).  This is the kind of music you can listen to anywhere, driving, working, in school, whatever. It fits any mood too, chillin,  angry, love-struck, anti-love, etc.  It's a good starter CD for anyone who  hasn't heard much Aerosmith cause this is all the best (excluding the  classic stuff from the 70s).  All-in-all, this is a top rate Aerosmith  collection.
B0000060NF|5.0|Thirty years after its release, this LP never ceases to move or amaze me; I was astonished upon its release and remain so.  The production was radical for its day, and continues to set standards. Compare this gem to  the machines-mating thud and vitrolic adolescence of modern-day Eminems and  Snoop Doggs and you're left wondering if all of Marvin's sad prophecies did  not, indeed, come true. The seamless fusion here of cinematic strains  (girls in the background at one point quote the words and music from an  esoteric French film, 'Live for Life'), funk, pop, rock and free-form jazz  remains uuncontested. No one had a sweeter voice than Marvin, and it never  seemed in better form than on this outing (which Motown execs were  reluctant to even release!). I can't quibble with any cut on this  album-long suite of songs.  It's just darned perfect.
0783242808|3.0|i was Really Surprised that this film was Pretty Good.it's not easy too add anythhing new too this Kind Of Film.From American grafiti,Porkys,Animal House,etc... what could this film Possible add? well The Pie Scene is a  Trip.The On-Line FIlm for all too View was Crazy.it's Lighthearted  stuff.The Acting is Really Good.
B00003CWL6|4.0|This is a film that has, after only four years since its release, has lost its edge and thus has aged badly.
B00004THAY|4.0|B.B.King is Still The Man.He is Ageless.Eric Clapton I Prefer His Older Material like 30 years back.but when Him&amp;Mr.King Throwdown it's tight.they have alot of CHemistry together.this Album Has Solid  Vocals,Production,Arrangements&amp;of COurse Musicianship.check it out.
B00003CWPR|4.0|Stanley Kubrick's last movie is one of  my favorite films of 1999.  I have to say one thing though, and that is to not expect a simple, fast-paced film that you regularly expect from its stars Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.   The film is slow, sometimes boring, but all together rewarding and very  impressive.  It's interesting to see this film unfold because it takes a  while for it to get it's feet on the ground.  Kubrick's deft direction is  used with the sincerety and careful perfection of his previous films, and  in here it is every bit as apparent and worthy.  I would have personally  liked to have seen more of Kidman in the movie (those who have seen it are  now saying, what? Didn't you see enough of her), but I'm not talking about  her nude scenes, but her performance is really a supporting character.  The  end to most of the people who watch this movie will be a relief, but like  Hitchcock's film work, Kubrick's work only gets better the more times you  see it.  This film is highly recommended for those seeking well-structured  drama, but this is by no means the suspense-filled movie it has sometimes  claimed to be.  Cruise, Kidman and Steven Spielberg's interviews are  interesting pieces, as are the TV spots and preview.  I was disappointed by  it being released in full-screen format, but you don't always get what you  want.
0790733226|4.0|The contact frequency is pi times hydrogen, and the first transmission is the prime numbers 2, 3, 5, 7....  This is what WE would transmit and do transmit because such signals cannot be mistaken for natural phenomena.  It's obvious that what we have here is intelligent science fiction.  The  general public may be surprised to learn-I know I was-that a significant  segment of the scientific community considers the Search for  Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI) a pie in the sky waste of money and  human energy.  The prejudice is so great that until recently no  self-respecting astrophysicist would dare specialize in it for fear of  having no career.  Well, there are a few brave souls.  This is a movie  about one of them.<br />I didn't read the book-shame on me, but works of  fiction by scientists usually make me blush in embarrassment for their  authors.  But Carl Sagan was no ordinary scientist, nor was he an ordinary  writer.  Still I suspect that what made this an excellent movie was the  script by James V. Hart and Michael Goldenberg.  It is extraordinarily well  thought out and carefully crafted with deft turns of plot and a satisfying  conclusion, with no need for spaghetti code patches near the end, the bane  of most sci-fi and action/adventure flicks.  It is also emotionally  moving.<br />There is, however, just the slightest \\"written by committee\\" feel  to the movie.  Everything is a little too neat and too well explained.  It's a paradox of any art form that sometimes you can polish too much, you  can overwrite and lose some spontaneity in the production.  And yes, Palmer  Joss (Matthew McConaughey) is a little too good to be true, and Arroway  (Jodie Foster) really needs a serious fault or at least some kind of vice  to round her out.  Being a political innocent isn't enough.  And the media  and governmental reaction is a little too pat and cynical.<br />However all of  that is insignificant compared with the most difficult thing about writing  a futuristic or \\"superior civilization\\" story, namely coming up some  unknown technology or information to make it seem real.  The formula for  cold fusion would work, or the cure for cancer.  But how can you do THAT?  You can't (otherwise what you come up with would probably be more important  than your script).  It is fascinating to see how Sagan, Hart, Goldenberg  and Director Robert Zemeckis cleverly sidestep this pitfall.  Only those  who have tried it can know what a fine job was done here.  And incidentally  Zemeckis can be given credit for making \\"Contact\\" intelligible without any  dumbing down, no mean feat in itself.<br />As far as star Jodie Foster goes,  it's clear she inhaled and imbibed the persona of the modern woman of  science in preparation for this role, so well does she play the part of  astrophysicist Ellie Arroway.  They have her come out looking androgynous,  which is appropriate for two reasons, one, she lost her mother early and  had to identify with her father more than most (an explanation, if one were  needed, for how she became a scientist); and two, those little green beings  aren't going to be men or women, having given up our sort of primitive  sexuality long ago.  She is never glamorized; even when she dresses up, she  still looks like a normal woman in a gown.  And she is appropriately  unpolitical and naive and far too honest in front of the camera.<br />Best  line: \\"It's so beautiful.  They should have sent a poet.\\"stic or \\"superior civilization\\" story, namely coming up some  unknown technology or information to make it seem real.  The formula for  cold fusion would work, or the cure for cancer.  But how can you do THAT?   You can't (otherwise what you come up with would probably be more important  than your script).  It is fascinating to see how Sagan, Hart, Goldenberg  and Director Robert Zemeckis cleverly sidestep this pitfall.  Only those  who have tried it can know what a fine job was done here.  And incidentally  Zemeckis can be given credit for making \\"Contact\\" intelligible without any  dumbing down, no mean feat in itself.  <br />As far as star Jodie Foster goes,  it's clear she inhaled and imbibed the persona of the modern woman of  science in preparation for this role, so well does she play the part of  astrophysicist Ellie Arroway.  They have her come out looking androgynous,  which is appropriate for two reasons, one, she lost her mother early and  had to identify with her father more than most (an explanation, if one were  needed, for how she became a scientist); and two, those little green beings  aren't going to be men or women, having given up our sort of primitive  sexuality long ago.  She is never glamorized; even when she dresses up, she  still looks like a normal woman in a gown.  And she is appropriately  unpolitical and naive and far too honest in front of the camera.<br />Best  line: \\"It's so beautiful.  They should have sent a poet.\\"
B0000399WI|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption ranks among the top five movies I've ever seen.  Who knew such a heartfelt and poignant story could come from Stephen King?  I was throughly impressed with the storyline, which follows like a mirror  when compared to the written work (which I also recommend).  If you don't  know of the story, Tim Robbins plays a banker who is falsely accused of  murdering of his wife.  No, the one armed man didn't do it, but he surely  didn't.  He has no proof, is convicted and sent to Shawshank Prison, where  he eventually befriends a kind-hearted ex-con played by Morgan Freeman (who  more than deserved his Academy Award-nominated performance).  I won't give  anything more not only because everyone else probably has explained the  story in full, but I will say this: This movie has such a great finale.  It  gives you so much hope for the future and that all that is good eventually  works out for the best.  Skip The Green Mile because compared to this  similar prison movie, it blows.
B000006NPY|4.0|I love the Smashing Pumpkins, because their music  is wonderfully upbeat and I think that their lyrics are very strange and realistic and have something extra special injected in them that makes you want to listen to  them over and over... and over.. and over. But the biggest problem they  have is time because they need a lot of time to release a new disk and I  don't like that. An another thing that I hate is the tour, because I live  in Zacatecas, Mexico and when they come to perform, they only come to  Mexico city, but never to Zacatecas or Monterrey or Guadalajara. Well in  general their music is great and their latest album is wonderful and I  thoroughly recommend their albums.
B00003XACV|5.0|This is Thomas Newman's best score, and that's a really big compliment toward his work because he's written so many great film scores.  I have had the CD for about two weeks now and have listened to the entire thing  probably at least twenty times now, which surely says right there that the  music he has written is absolutely superb.  <br />American Beauty is my  favorite film ever and to have a score that is just as good only stretches  the experience of seeing a good movie.  It's contemporary jingles like  &quot;Dead Already&quot; and &quot;Lunch with the King,&quot; only make you  wonder what adding words to the score would do to reach out to younger  listeners, while moving tracks such as the title-track &quot;American  Beauty&quot; and &quot;Any Other Name&quot; makes you want to replay the  same sounds over and over again.  Also check out &quot;Arose&quot; and  &quot;Choking the Bishop,&quot; two other great unforgettable  tracks.<br />This CD ranks among one of the best film scores ever.  If you  ever decide to buy a film score CD do yourself a favor and buy this one,  because you'll be glad you did.
B000002P5W|5.0|Axis:Bold as love, is, and always will be, one of my favorite c.d.'s.  I am only 12 years old, and my mom had the c.d. lying around.  That's when I was first introduced to Jimi Hendrix.  In my mind one of the most brilliant  musicians of all time, this album does anything but take off and fly!  My  two all time favorites are Wait till Tommorow(Extreamly good for dancing,  and a VERY catchy toon), and Little Wing (It makes me cry every time I hear  it, it's so soulful and he sings it so tenderly.)  Every song on the album  is unique and memorable.  Amazing guitar and vocals.  I used to be in love  with teen fads like N'SYNC and the Backstreet Boys.  Now I'm in love with  Jimi Hendrix.  You will not be dissapointed in the least if you buy this  c.d., I can guarentee you.
6305657947|5.0|I have both the new Thomas Crown Affair and the old Thomas Crown Affair on DVD.  I can say that both are among my favorite films of their generations--the Steve McQueen/Faye Dunaway (also some of my favorite  actors of the period--McQueen in the Great Escape and The Getaway, Dunaway  especially in this film, Bonnie and Clyde and Chinatown) version had had a  great caper film plot, a little romance, the split screen direction had  never been used so well (and hasn't been beaten since), has great  cinematography, a great 60s film score, suspense, the great glider shots,  and my fave scene-the beach buggy ride.  The film was a definite 60s movie  with great stars and the maximum in sex and violence of its time--it's so  great to see how much it's changed thirty years later in the new version,  another great film (that in so many ways outdoes the original).  Rene Russo  outdoes Faye Dunaway big-time (which were big shoes to fill--who could  forget the seductive chess game), and Pierce Brosnan, even though debonair  in his own right, plays James Bond in this movie and not Thomas Crown.   This movie by itself I realize is not that great--there's no way it would  have been up for any real awards or honors, yet it is a greatly-made, well  (not perfectly) crafted filmmaking, much as the original was.  For one, the  scene where Crown steals the painting ranks among my favorite movie scenes  of all time, where everything going on is perfect--another great film  score, sensationalism, the ways the scene was set up, how the fall guys  were getting the museum ready and without anyone even noticing it for Crown  to come in without a peep.  Smooth, slick, in and out.  The way the rest of  the film goes--the great chemistry between Brosnan and Russo, the  conversation they have in the restaurant--and then when the two start  really start showboating for each other--Russo entering his house looking  for the painting, the way she cuts in on the dance floor, the fantastic,  acrobatic sex scenes.  The film's only major flaw is keeping it unfaithful  in the end compared to the original.  It would have been nice to see a  romance film that ended differently from every other film of it's genre.   It's TOO 90s to have this particular finale, but that is what makes it such  a great 90s film because it is faithful to the culture.  John McTiernan's  laid-back audio commentary is interesting, but other than that the film  lacks Special Features other than the two previews (or trailers if you are  into movie jargon) from the '68 and '99 films.
B00004TL21|4.0|I own both previous Deftones CD's and too be honest I think they are good, but tend to get a bit boring after you listen to them a few times.  They are good CD's but lack the originality and creativeness to make a listener  want to listen to them over and over again.<br />However, this CD is by far  more refined then the other two.  The songs show a maturity of the band  over the years.  Definitely a CD to listen to several times or to leave in  a changer.  Especially songs, 9&amp;10 - outstanding!
0792156684|3.0|This movie is not a film that deserved to win as many awards as it did.  L.A. Confidential, As Good As It Gets and Good Will Hunting were all over this thin little love story chick flick.  First off, where did the $200  million go?  I'm not a special effects geek but both this past year's Star  Wars and the Matrix looked a heckuva of a lot better than this movie in  that department.  The acting was horrible, most of it's characters made out  of some cheap cardboard.  We have this girl, she's rich, is going marry a  rich guy, laddy-fricken da, right?  Wrong.  She meets this guy (who looks  like a girl) who sweeps her off her feet and not even twenty four hours  later they're on the good foot and doing the bad thing.  I don't think  debutantes from 1912 were exactly spreading their legs were they?  Maybe  so.  The thing that surprises me the most is how many people went to see  this over and over again.  A woman I know's daughter went to see it NINE  times.  That's over a day in a theater, I mean c'mon people.  I didn't even  see it in the theater, which brings up another point.  This movie has  nothing to do with the Titanic.  It just serves as a different location for  a retread love story.  I have always been fascinated with the story and was  very disappointed to see the cutesy leads spitting loogies over the side.   The script written by Cameron was not even nominated for an Award and was  the first film to win best picture for like over thirty years to do so, so  that right there tells you that it's not a good story.  Then how did it win  best picture?  My guess is the vote was rigged.  Seriously.  LA  Confidential was so much of a better movie, as was Good Will Hunting and As  Good As It Gets, just like I said before.  All had good performances (at  least one actor from each film won an award), excellent writing (GWH and  LAC won screenplay awards) and everything else that stands above this  movie.  Nonetheless, if you are bored some night and have nothing to do for  about three hours then you should watch it if you haven't already.
B00003CXAY|5.0|This is one of the best movies of all time. A presumptuous statement, of course, but if you watch it you will be moved in more ways than one. A person would have to be dead in spirit not to feel something profound from  this movie. <br />Or... you'd have to watch it on VHS. The only real way to  experience this movie is on the big screen, but now that DVD has made  wide-screen format sharp enough and beautiful enough to preserve the  original visual intent of great cinematography, Koyaanisqatsi should be  released on DVD. Where is it? It's time to see this film in its original  glory - even at home. This is one of the films I've been waiting for. It  belongs on the collector's shelf, and is one of the few movies actually  worth owning, as opposed to renting. <br />Please... whoever makes these  decisions... release this movie on DVD. You owe it to the world.  <br />Shooshie
6301562925|4.0|This is a good movie. I like it about the same as part 4. But I don't care for Michael's mask. Like part 4, it doesn't measure up to the original. The only good thing is that the sideburns mysteriously disappeared.
B00004U8JU|5.0|This movie gets better and better everytime I see it.  The film paves the way for future summer blockbusters introducing the movie going audiences with state of the art sound and special effects.  Steven Spielberg is a  genius, and this film will be remembered for a long time!
6304288433|5.0|I love this movie! If part 1 &amp; 2 were one movie, I'd have to say part 2 would be the better half. Part 2 gives a better demonstration of Michael's power. He walks through a glass door and lifts a nurse up with  one arm. The theme music sounds better too.
B00004U9WR|5.0|Disney did it again, just like A Bug's Life... Toy Story and Toy Story 2 are movies for anyone... The Transfer to DVD is absolutely beautiful just as the past DVD transfers by Disney and Pixar... Bottom line these are a  must own in any DVD collection!
0783240503|5.0|I saw this video during a public TV pledge drive.  It struck me as an overly produced, overly fun story with catchy music.  I had to have it!  Donny Osmond and the rest of the cast clearly had a blast doing this work  and it shows.  You will watch this tape over and over.  I have!
B00000099Y|5.0|This is the very best cd ever. No other group has such heartfelt meaning to all of their songs. Everyone of the songs on this CD. I have listen to this cd over 100 times and each time i enjoy it even more. #13 Aenima is  the best song but all the other are almost as good. check this out if u  like Bands like Incubus, SOAD, Deftones,Slipknot, Orange 9mm, or Guano  Apes.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|This concert DVD is awesome! Being able to see what I had only heard before makes it so much better. Another great feature is how you can listen to a Metallica only version or a symphony only version. &quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot; and &quot;- Human&quot; sound a lot different when no symphony  accompanies them. The 40 minute documentary is great too. It can be pretty  funny at times. It stats out with Jason taking a violin away from some  woman and he smashes it to pieces!
B00004THAY|5.0|It's really like a journey through Chicago's smokey bars. And during the trip Lucille conversate loudly with her Strat cousin, about the tipical topics of blue moods. Rather than nostalgic dive in the past, looks mostly  like an easy drive through the 66...excellent
B00004TL21|4.0|Its a different style from the other ones.Its more slow but its still got a couple heavy songs.I suggest it if you like slower kinds of rock.
B00000EZTQ|4.0|Halloween 2 is , in my opinion , the best halloween sequel.It takes off where Halloween 1 ended.For some odd reason they re-made the ending of halloween 1 to start out this film instead of using the original footage.At the end of halloween, Dr Loomis shoots the shape (MIchael Myers) 6 times  (although when the ending was re-made for halloween 2 he was shot 7 times  and when he was shot he fell out into the front yard not the back as in the  original)but he survives and is still on the loose!Meanwhile Laurie Strode  is taken to  haddonfield memorial hospital.Michael Myers finds out and  begins to stalk her there. Although this movie is a lot more graphic than  the original it is still  unique.The style of the movie is horrifying  in a  different way than the first one.To begin with, the lighting was  different(because the original had a lot of blue backlight and Halloween 2  doesn't)and the shape can be seen clearly for most of the movie(in the  first one he was mostly in the shadows)which is in a way very terrifying.If  you've seen the first one,see this one because it's all one story(a good  one,too)and because it's one of the best sequels ever made...
B000002UA2|5.0|I am not a super fan of Pink Floyd. But this album and animals are two albums you need if you already have Dark side.
B00004U8JU|5.0|The sounds are very much alive with the DTS format.  I like it.
B00004TL21|5.0|I have wrote so many reviews for this and every time in the middle of writing it, the dam illegal operation thingy happens, So Ill cut to the chase. FEITICERIA- A clue to how the heavy songs on the album sound,  Chino's mumbling slow vocals over fast Gutair/bass/drums. A good start off  song DIGITAL BATH- Can I say amazing? Well this song is. Chino actually  sings(something you need to do more Chino) and is a very powerful song, one  of the best. ELITE- This song goes back to Adreline. Chino is impossible to  understand, due to the effect on the vocals. The most moshable,(if you  wanna call it that), Its relly cool. RX QUEEN- One of the album's week  points. Not because its mellow, but because there is little or no rythem,  or melodie. The chorus is bland, and is missing the emontion of Digital  bath. Its not a terrible song, but you may find yourself skipping over it.  STREET CARP- This is a great rocking song. Cool chourus's and a good beat.  XXXX are in the lryic book instead of the numbers &quot;Oh heres my new  addres 6614 oh I forget&quot; TEENAGER- Another song, that you may skip  over. Although there is melodie in this song (unlike rx queen) its to  repetitive and never reaches an emotional high, but its ok/good song. KNIFE  PRTY- One of the best on White pony. Great back-up vocals in the middle(by  the indian lady) make this much more powerful. Chino sings on parts of this  song(I mean actually sing, not mumble)&quot;Go get you knife&quot; KOREA-  Another heavy song. Chino screams on the chorus. And they use the word  &quot;Pony&quot;, Which is cool, there realy isent any more to say about  this song. PASSENGER- AMAZING! I love this song, I mean its so asome,  thanks to Maynard Keenen(Tool/A perfect circle) and Chino's singing.The  most serious and powerful song on the album. This song gives me chills,  Maynard is so asome. CHANGE(IN THE HOUSE OF FLIES)- When I first heard this  song, I thought it was a new M. Manson song. Cause I turned it on during  the chourus, and it sounds simialiar to Manson's sound on mechanical  animals. But the best part about the albums first single is the little drum  part towards the end, I listen to this song alot(though not as much as the  others) PINK MAGGAT- I dont know about this song yet. I have only listened  to it all the way through 2 times. I dont know if I like it or not, this  one figure out for ya self Well all in all WHITE PONY is very good, not the  best album ever, but if you have nothing to listen to(I have way to much)  this is a great album to fill this void, or even if you have music to  listen to, youl still love this album.
B00003CXAY|5.0|&quot;Koyaanisqatsi&quot; is not a common type of film. There really is no narrative to progress the story, no script, no characters. A film that atleast wants to succeed at any level would have one of those.  The whole  point of &quot;Koyaanisqatsi&quot; is to show what the world has become,  either through the eyes of an environmentalist, or, what I really believe,  a Native American. It shows how the world has become mechanically  programmed, where everything everyone does has some relation to technology,  and sooner or later, everyone's a soulless robot. It shows its point very  well, but just through that one vision, which I really have no problem  with.<br /> &quot;Koyaanisqatsi&quot; is a film that does not need a  narrative, characters, or even a coherent story of any sort. The film is  filled with vivid, breathtaking images, from the beginning of time, to  today. After countless viewings, some of the beautiful, illusional images  still remain a mystery to me. The style in which Godfrey Reggio films this  documentary is very professional and fascinating for its topic. At one  sequence, his camera slowly moves through the mountains as their color  changes at dusk, and in the next, it races through the city of corporate  business.  Another major key that helps shape this film is Philip Glass's  exceptional score. His music captures the mood of the light and dreamy  images to the solid realism. I enjoy Philip Glass's works off-screen also,  but when he composes for film, it immediately becomes a great and  unforgettable soundtrack. He did it in this, Paul Schrader's &quot;Mishima:  A Life in Four Chapters&quot;, and Martin Scorsese's &quot;Kundun&quot;,  and they are all among my favorite soundtracks. People tend to generalize  his music too quickly, saying that it is awfully too monotonous and  redundant, and I can understand that, but for the films and the type of  music he composes, that works perfectly. His melody is so well-established,  it needs to be heard many times to be fully absorbed. He uses the strings,  synthesizer, and choir all very wisely in this film. The soundtrack is  definately one of the important factors of the film.<br />Like said before,  there are very few films similar to &quot;Koyaanisqatsi&quot; that succeed  at a level of brilliance through simplicity. Music, photography, and a  moral, which is pretty much justified at the beginning, is all this film  has. I have seen this film countless times for many years, and yet it makes  a powerful impact every time I see it. It grows onto me in different ways.  Some might, however, disagree with the entire moral and say that the film  is self-indulgent and pretentious. That is understandable, but I believe  that &quot;Koyaanisqatsi&quot; is a stunning work of art.
B00003W8NM|3.0|I had heard a lot of Hype about this movie from my 17 year old brother, so I watched along when he and his friends rented it to watch it for the 8th time.  I watched in horror as they laughed their heads off and marvelled at  the &quot;cool&quot; parts, which happened to be the parts that contained  the most disturbing advances in the plot.<br />This movie has such an odd  message.  It seemed to promote anarchy, trancendentalism, going against  mainstream, but one only has to look at where that kind of living got the  characters to in the end.  You can't live like that.  It doesn't work!   Everything ends up blowing up.  I can't figure out if the message of the  movie was to live life to the fullest and get disconnected from boring  society (as many reviewers here said), or if it was a warning against it.   It didn't make much sense to me.<br />The amazing twist at the end didn't make  a whole lot of sense either.  It didn't really work.  It was too over the  top, and it didn't seem necesary to the movie.  <br />So the question is, what  kind of mesage was recieved by the audience?  Were we supposed to agree  with Tyler Derdon's philosophy, as it semed in the beginning?  Or should we  have recognized from the beginning that it would lead to desperate  consequences?  I fear that the cult following of this movie could become  much like the cult in the movie.  I witnessed something very close to that  with a pretty good cross-section of today's teenagers (my brother's  friends).  I fear what will come out of this movie.  Beware
0316777722|5.0|David Sedaris has once again created a laugh out loud journey through his own unique life. I was really lookingforward to this bk, and once again he delivered! What's next for Sedaris? I'd love for him to take on a subject  other than his own autobiog. Maybe he should write about a nonfiction  subject outside his own life, where humor and fact mix together into a  strange and funny and unique concoction, like typical comedy essays on  various subjects as seen in books like George Carlin's BRAINDROPPINGS, Jon  Stewart's NAKED PICTURES OF DEAD PEOPLE or even the one-subject history via  humor of Jessica Pallingston's LIPSTICK. Whatever it will be, I eagerly  await it. If you love to laugh, you'll love his book.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I first saw this movie in the theaters in France in 1988.  It is such a moving, passionate story of a man, lonely and yet so full of passion for the sea.  Jean Marc Barr is so cute and his quiet nature and gentle spirit  are so attractive.  The French generally provide a lot of insight to the  personalities of their characters, and in this movie, you really become  involved in each person's feelings and predicaments.  It is an awesome  movie that &quot;takes you in&quot; and I would highly recommend it to  anyone who loves LOVE and the complications therein!  I am so excited it is  coming out in the theaters again on July 14, 2000!  Go and see it, then BUY  the memory!  I am so glad it has finally come out in DVD as I'll be able to  see it in French and English!  Enjoy - you really will!
0316777722|5.0|David Sedaris has once again created a laugh out loud journey through his own unique life. I was really lookingforward to this bk, and once again he delivered! What's next for Sedaris? I'd love for him to take on a subject  other than his own autobiog. Maybe he should write about a nonfiction  subject outside his own life, where humor and fact mix together into a  strange and funny and unique concoction, like typical comedy essays on  various subjects as seen in books like George Carlin's BRAINDROPPINGS, Jon  Stewart's NAKED PICTURES OF DEAD PEOPLE or even the one-subject history via  humor of Jessica Pallingston's LIPSTICK. Whatever it will be, I eagerly  await it. If you love to laugh, you'll love his book.
B00004TDTO|5.0|One of the greatest movies of all time and the best horror/suspense of all time.  I saw this when it first came out.  People quibble about why it was so successful, but I tell you, it is just a brilliant film.  No other movie  puts the chills up a persons back better.  With all the advances in  technology today, this still outclasses them.  The acting was terrific.   The music was unforgettable.  To this day whenever someone starts humming  the music, it means something bad is going to happen.  How many other films  have that distinction?  The best of the best of it's genre.
B00004T8H9|4.0|I bought this album mainly because of the first single from it- &quot; the time is now&quot;, which is simply amazing and the huge euro-club hit &quot;sing it back&quot;. but I am very glad to report that i enjoyed  almost all of the album. The second single to be realesed &quot;pure  pleasure seeker&quot; is almost good as &quot;the time is now&quot;. i  definately recommend this album- it's sexy, has a good beat and put's you  in the right mood to dance...
B00004TL21|5.0|This is an excellent CD, I would recommend it to anyone who is into more modern rock.
B00003OSSL|1.0|I couldn't not believe how they portrayed this movie as a mystery.  The following is an example of the dialogue you will hear in this 'mystery':<br />Dutch (Harrison Ford's character): &quot;I wonder where they  did their laundry&quot;<br />I couldn't not believe I was actually watching  the movie at that point.  And I am even more surprised that I had the  patience/determination to watch it to its end.  Horrible movie.   Unfortunately, I have lost a good bit of respect for Harrison Ford for  chosing to do this pathetic film.
B00004SCX6|1.0|As someone already mentioned, these are some barely literate lyrics in an amlagmation of her terrible voice and god-awful pop.  Spend your money elsewhere.
B000002P5W|5.0|It was a really good album
B00000K3UR|5.0|When I watched this i was laughing all the time! This is diffinitly one of my favorites. If your even thinking about buying then buy. Youll love it!
B000002P5R|5.0|This is the best hendrix album that I have ever heard.
0788816454|3.0|This movie is funny but not as funny as happy gilmore or billy madison. Only buy this if you really like adam sandler movies.
0767821629|1.0|This is your wannabe Matrix remake.  With no-name actors and a bad story line.  Some guy realizes that the computer world he &quot;visits&quot; is actually the real world and the one he's in currently is fake.  Sound  familiar?  The special effects are sorry and the ending stinks too.  Don't  even rent it.  The Matrix is much better.  1 star.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is 1 of the best CD's I have heard.  I like every single song on the CD, but some of my favorites are: Oops, I Did It Again; Stronger; Don't Go Knockin' On My Door; Lucky; and Don't Let Me Be the Last To Know.  I say  you should go out and buy Britney's CD, Oops, I Did It Again right now  because it's the best CD you will ever hear!
6304913176|4.0|Paul Verhoeven is definitely a hit or miss director.  He's had a fairly uneven career and to say Starship Troopers is his best film might not say a whole lot despite the fact it is a fine film.  It has everything that  appeals to teenagers:  lots of action, gory violence, big budget special  effects, young hot teen actors, and a moderate amount of sex/nudity.   <br />Starship Troopers takes place in the future, presumably not anywhere  near the present day.  Citizens are the ones who protect the planet.  The  film focuses on a group of teens who become citizens.  There's Johnny Rico  (Casper Van Dien), who signed up mobile infantry basically so he could keep  contact with his girlfriend Carmen Ibanez (Denise Richards), who is  training to become a pilot.  Then there's Dizzy Flores (Dina Meyer), one of  Rico's classmates and has a huge crush on him so she follows him to  infantry.  From there, after receiving training and hearing of a war with  the giant insects on the planet Klendathor, they must prepare for combat  against a seemingly intelligent enemy.<br />Filled with large scale action  sequences obviously inspired by the likes of Aliens and Zulu, this is very  much an exciting and tense film.  The first half focuses mainly on humor,  combat training, and some social satire.  The second half is an exercise in  non-stop action, and it does feature some of the best action sequences in a  sci-fi/action film.<br />As for the comedy, the film probably wouldn't have  worked without it.  They aren't just cheap jokes but rather well-done humor  portrayed by cocky young men and women along with some funny political and  social satire.<br />There's also the special effects which are quite simply  spectacular.  The sight of thousands of swarming giant arachnids is  frightening and mind-boggling in its sheer size.  Some of the effects do  venture on the disgusting, as the film does feature an extreme amount of  blood and gore, along with some ugly-looking creatures.<br />For some reason,  whenever I discuss this film with my friends they always seem to mention  the shower scene.  I suppose a lot of teens did partially go to watch the  film for the nude shower scene, which is a bit gratuitous.<br />With all the  pluses going for it, Troopers is not a perfect movie.  There's the acting,  which is considerably the weakest aspect of the film.  Casper Van Dien is  pretty flat.  There are some moments where he shows some charisma,  particulary during the battle scenes, but it's fairly rare.  Denise  Richards and Dina Meyer are both very good-looking women, but only one of  them shows good acting ability and that's Meyer.  After a wooden  performance in Dragonheart she displays a lot of fun machismo in a role  that would usually supply a man instead of a woman.  Richards, on the other  hand, stumbles through her role, delivering her dialogue in a laughable  manner.  This performance wasn't just a fluke as she has proved herself a  dreadful actress after The World is Not Enough.  Jake Busey is okay as  comic relief, but he would be fairly bad in this film as anything other  than that.  Neil Patrick Harris basically plays the genius again, only this  time he's a pretty hard-edged character, at least in the second half of the  film.  Patrick Muldoon basically sleepwalks through his role.  The real  scene stealer of the film is Clancy Brown, as the mobile infantry Drill  Sergeant Zim.  <br />Despite a 90210 love triangle, some poor performances,  and the fact that all the characters have Hispanic names (but are clearly  not Hispanic), Starship Troopers is clearly a very entertaining, exciting,  humorous, and action-packed film that should thrill sci-fi/action fans.
B00000DR8R|5.0|I first heard Rattelsnakes back in the Eighties when it was released. We had a small, local record store which, thanks to the owner, always offered the most progressive music for the time.Lloyd Cole and the album  Rattlesnakes was amazing the first time I heard it and set the tone for all  music I was to discover from then on. Cole's music was perfect pop, with  offerings for evey mood. Witty lyrics are still fresh today, 15 years  later.I actually have purchased Lloyd Cole for the first time on CD and  have been playing him all over again. I only regret that so much time went  by between vinyl and disc. Perhaps the best album in my diverse collection.
B000000WJZ|5.0|It's the [new millenium] now. I have just recently got on therock scene, albeit i've been listening to punk and ska for a whilenow. [Over] seven years later,  Siamese Dream still stands the test of time. Siamese is quite possibly the  best SP album, perhaps the BEST album of the 90's through today. The best  song on this album is probably Disarm, the music makes you speechless. YES  IT'S THAT GOOD. The only other album in my opinion that can even compare is  Green Day's Dookie. This album has got the song for your every mood. From  Disarm to Spaceboy, you can't go wrong. My suggestion: you hurry and ... buy this CD. I said... NOW. I mean it!
B00004TL21|5.0|I really dig this CD. It is a little bit claimer than their older albums but it is still good. If you like KoRn and Limp Bizkit you will like this CD. Buy it now!
B000000XB9|5.0|It makes no difference whether a work like this is a re-release or brand new.  For me the standards are the same, and simple:  a good beat, and a nice melody.  All of these tracks feature the former, and enough furnish  the latter to make the CD worthwhile.  The best tracks are Proud Mary, Bad  Moon Rising, Lodi (for some reason nobody mentions this one), Down on the  Corner, Look Out My Back Door, and Have You Ever Seen the Rain.  If you are  too young to remember Creedence, just pretend it's a rock group of the  2000s.  You'll be pleasantly surprised.
6305842442|3.0|The Video Quality of this release is definatly and  improvment over the VHS Copy.  However I would have liked to have seen the alternate version of this movie, with Harrison Ford doing the voice naration and the different  ending as well.  This could have been included as a Bonus Feature.  Your  better off purchasing the Regular DVD, the extra cards and poster are not  impressive at all.<br />I guess any version of this Movie on DVD is better  than nothing.
B00004TL21|5.0|The highly anticipated and long awaited White Pony has finally been unleashed upon the masses. And one can only say that the Deftones are truly masters of the genre that they themselves helped to create.<br />Setting aside  all trends and following their own hearts, the band has created a whole new  sound which is much more ambient and quite melodic. The increased level of  maturity in terms of songwriting is obviously the factor that distinquishes  Deftones from all others who have dared to follow their path. From start to  finish, The White Pony will take its &quot;passengers&quot; for an  emotional ride that will keep everyone saying &quot;still I want some  more...&quot;
B0000296SI|5.0|Enema of the state is a highly catchy 90's punk album, which is much more radio friendly than early Blink182. Some may say they have sold out but they have reach a whole new audience with this record. I also feel their  music has matured. Sure this album doesn't sound as raw as previous  creations but there are still some classics. Mutt, Dumpweed and Whats My  age again are my favourite songs but All the small things and Aliens exist  are not too far behind.<br />Die hard punk fans my turn a head to this album  but it still doesn't detract to a band producing something similar to Green  day and Off Spring in the past. My favourite Blink 182 song is still Dammit  but come on give the guys a break. They have produced an album with kick  and punch with more than just 3 chord wonders. There is progression and  maturity also. <br />Enema has a sound which will be heard on MTV and radio A  LOT but who cares? Does that make it a bad punk ablum?  Hell, All the small  things reached number 2 in the British charts - before that they were  unheard of - wider audience means more music fans being influenced - with  fans of many genres.<br />This album doesn't wear off in a hurry and the  catchy songs and riffs are a joy to hear. <br />Go Blink 182!
0345428064|5.0|From the first page all the way to the final one, Andy McNab's &quot;Remote Control&quot; was a gripping and fantastic read.<br />Readers will follow the main character of Nick Stone from Gilbraltar to London and  then on to the United States.  While on what is termed a &quot;deniable  assignment&quot;, Nick contacts a former SAS colleague, only to find upon  his arrival at their home that Kev and his family have been brutally  murdered.  All but one.... their seven year old daughter Kelly.<br />This  story never loses its pace.  Nick and Kelly are on the run from people  trying to kill them at every turn.  But it's the growing relationship  between Nick and Kelly that I find truly memorable.  <br />At first Nick tries  his best to protect the young girl from the forces closing in on them, only  to slowly find himself growing to rely on Kelly with every turn of the  page. <br />I totally agree that this is a &quot;can't put down&quot; novel.   Your heart will race at the clever twists and turns McNab has crafted.  The  supporting cast of characters are highly developed.  From the dangerous IRA  hitmen, to Stone's British employers at The Firm, to fellow SAS members Pat  and Euan, all the way to the federally relocated mobster Big Al DeNiro.   Each is a living, breathing character adding to the tension and  brilliant  storyline!<br />This is a novel that begs a sequel so readers can see what  further developments take place between Nick and Kelly.  They are two  unforgettable characters!<br />Very well done, Mr. McNab!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Enema of the state is a highly catchy 90's punk album, which is much more radio friendly than early Blink182. Some may say they have sold out but they have reach a whole new audience with this record. I also feel their  music has matured. Sure this album doesn't sound as raw as previous  creations but there are still some classics. Mutt, Dumpweed and Whats My  age again are my favourite songs but All the small things and Aliens exist  are not too far behind.<br />Die hard punk fans my turn a head to this album  but it still doesn't detract to a band producing something similar to Green  day and Off Spring in the past. My favourite Blink 182 song is still Dammit  but come on give the guys a break. They have produced an album with kick  and punch with more than just 3 chord wonders. There is progression and  maturity also. <br />Enema has a sound which will be heard on MTV and radio A  LOT but who cares? Does that make it a bad punk ablum?  Hell, All the small  things reached number 2 in the British charts - before that they were  unheard of - wider audience means more music fans being influenced - with  fans of many genres.<br />This album doesn't wear off in a hurry and the  catchy songs and riffs are a joy to hear. <br />Go Blink 182!
B00004TL21|4.0|This cd is amazing, deftones have always been great and this time they have completely outdone themselves. The lyrics are so expressive as always with deftones. They are one of the few bands that stayed true to themselves  and their music.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I loved it!  I can't wait to buy the second season! Sarah Jessica Parker is Fabulous!  :-)
B000001IPL|4.0|Never really listened to these guys before, saw them play at the Social Distortion benefit concert at Irvine Meadows (went mainly to see X, THE greatest band, period).  Anyways, the Offspring put on a real good show, so  I eventually ended up buying this CD, which was a smart move because this  CD is EXTREMELY good.  Great energy and lyrics, every song is worth  listening to.  5 stars are reserved for perfect CDs (e.g. Los Angeles/Wild  Gift by X, Axis: Bold as Love by Hendrix), but this CD is better than 99%  of the stuff out there.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Many Iron Maiden devotees were a tad disappointed with 1988's _Seventh Son of A Seventh Son_.  Bruce Dickinson's vocals were not as strong as on previous albums, and many of the songs themselves just weren't very  interesting.  The general reaction to that album was something like,  &quot;It's an adequate album, but I hope the next one will be better.&quot;   Unfortunately, the next one was much, much worse, and the downward slide  continued with everything Maiden released thereafter.  Until now.<br />_Brave  New World_ feels like the album that we should have gotten in 1989:   energetic, innovative, heavy, with spectacular vocals.  Dickinson's vocals  have never been better, and Steve Harris, who always has penned most of  Maiden's tunes, seems to have found his muse again.  A monstrously big,  thunderously loud muse.<br />The album's base is solid, classic Iron Maiden  riffing that should satisfy anyone who enjoyed maiden classics like _Piece  of Mind_ and _Powerslave_.  However, on top of that base are ambitious  rhythm detours and lyrical decisions that sound like the best of _Somewhere  in Time_ and _Seventh Son_.  The production of the whole is modern and  clean, and cuts like &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot; and &quot;Brave New  World&quot; send chills up your spine to rival anything else that Maiden  has ever done.<br />I've been comparing this album to other Maiden albums only  because there's nothing else to compare it to:  Maiden always have had a  distinctive sound.  Yet this album, although it's unmistakably Maiden, is  far more than just a rehash of their glory days.  It sounds like Maiden,  but it sounds like a *different* Maiden, an *evolved* Maiden.  For the past  year it has been apparent to everyone that heavy metal is coming back.   With this album, Maiden shows that metal is not just back, it's  *better.*<br />Iron Maiden is a band of extremes.  When they blow, as they did  on their last album, _Virtual XI_, they *really* blow.  But when they're  on, like with _Brave New World_, they're on *all the way*.  This album is  so good, in fact, that they should have chosen to borrow a title from Ian  Fleming instead of Aldous Huxley, because like the James Bond theme song  says, &quot;Nobody does it better.&quot;
B00000K3CK|5.0|This classic tells the story of Santa Clause coming to NYC working at MACY's and is put in a mental hospital due to lack of belief and superstition.  It has everything from laughter to romance to supense to  leaving you with a happy feeling.  It is a great film to put you in the  holiday spirit.  This film looks better and sounds better than ever on  DVD!   This film was made before 1955 so no WIDESCREEN version will ever  show up.  This is the best way to own this old classic and any other  classic for that matter!
0684874350|4.0|Having listened to Malachy McCourt for many years on WBAI, I feel like I know Frank McCourt.  After reading this book I feel like I lived with him.  This book could have been very depressing if not written with such humor  and childhood innocence.  This book will help you appreciate everything you  have.  It also helped me truly understand my Irish heritage as well as my  Irish father.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This film parodizes the STAR TREK series and features state-of-the-art special effects and features a great comical performance from Tim Allen of HOME IMPROVEMENT.  Also stars Alan Rickman of DIE HARD and ROBIN HOOD:   PRINCE OF THIEVES and  Sigourney Weaver of ALIEN series and GHOSTBUSTERS  fame.  This film performs well on DVD and is packed with extra features and  in WIDESCREEN so that you are not MISSING NEARLY HALF THE PICTURE (2.35:1  compared to 1.33:1).
B00004SCX6|1.0|Britney Spears (n):  A teenage pop singer who has vocals like Minnie Mouse, has no talent to write her own songs.<br />Oops! I Did It Again, is just a slower version of Baby One More Time....and all the other songs even  the Rolling Stones classic (I Cant Get No) Satisfaction, Lucky, etc....all  sound like they are from the same cookie cutter producer sound.<br />Talk  about playing it safe.....this CD has no originality whatsoever....and how  can you make a Rolling Stones classic sound like Baby One More  Time?...Britney managed because her vocals have no range and the producer  has to work around it.<br />Britney,...look to Deborah Gibson for advice...she  may not be selling as many records as you anymore, but she writes, sings  and arranges all her own music....a matter of fact Deborah has a new single  out now &quot;What You Want&quot; that is getting raves from Billboard, and  shows that some artists even 13 years later still have the longevity and  talent to continue.<br />Britney I give you one more year.....but at least you  can retire from the music business (please)...and go into something more  constructive.
B00004TL21|4.0|this album is one of there best but not as good as there first 2 but pretty good so if your a deftones fan i think u should get this album
B00004SCX6|4.0|Oops I did it again,is a very upbeat album,in many places,and yet is suceeds on the slow songs as well,including &quot;dont let me be the last to know&quot; which was produced and written by Max Martin who is partly  responsible for Shania Twain's success. &quot;oops i did it  again&quot;,&quot;lucky&quot;,&quot;dont go knockin on my door&quot;,  stronger&quot;,and &quot;what you see is watch you get&quot;,are all  descent,fun,and upbeat songs that will have you dancin and a pansin in no  time at all.
B00004TL21|4.0|If you like bands like Korn, Limp Bizkit, Kid Rock, Papa Roach, or any other rock band, you will absoloutely love White Pony. This CD features awesome drumming, guitars, and vocals. This is probably one of the best  CD's this year. If you like rock, this is the CD for you!
B00000K0DT|5.0|Everyone told me this movie was awesome but halfway through the film, it didn't seem spectacular, just good.  But then this movies wraps itself around you and it really holds you in, shocking you over and over.  Besides  the awesome ending, the performance by Kevin Spacey is brilliant!
6305903182|5.0|All I have to say is WOW!  I think the scream trilogies are amazing. I know many will disagree with me. But this is what I think. I do think the first one was the best, but this was great none the less. This is an  incredible movie and I would suggest it too everyone!
0618001905|4.0|Lets face it! Belgium is not a country that readily springs tomind when one thinks of perpetrators of mass murder &amp;genocide. This makes the harrowing story of King Leopold's Ghost all the more harrowing. His single-minded, obsessive desire to carve out a piece of the &quot;African cake&quot;, that most of his neighbouring European colleagues were busy doing in the late 19th. century, is fascinating enough. His cunning use of contempory international personalities, the manipulation of the media, the guise of an anti-slavery organisation to further his ends, might even allow one a grudging admiration for the man's abilities. However, his cavalier indifference to the suffering &amp; death of millions of the Congo natives that he caused in the sordid pursuit of personal profit, is quite simply appalling. One is left with a feeling of admiration for the fierce &amp; dauntless opponants of this tyranical regime, contempt for the lily-livered support they received from statesmen of so-called enlightened countries &amp; loathing for the king that brought these deeds to pass. The book, I would mention, is well written, well researched &amp; recommended.
B000002ADT|5.0|Isn't it strange ? That after 10.000 years of music on earth, one could have expect the XXth Century music to be a perfection of style, class and harmony ? And instead we had to listen to some totally infantil and  primitive music, very beloved by our young generation this days (don't get  me wrong, I am 32)?  The only music that counts and will survive in another  10.000 years will be a small colection of around 100 classical works, 10-20  operas, maybe 15-20 classical rock pieces and definitively a large bouquet  of jazz jewels. And &quot;A kind of blue&quot; will be on the top of the  list.  Just imagine... in 10.000 years some space ship crew, tired and  melancholic at the end of a very stressing day, travelling to another  galaxy, will listen to a music coming from another time, from another  dimensions, recorded in a city that may maybe not anymore exist at that  time...  The MUSIC of Miles Davis...
B00004TL21|4.0|This was a side of the Deftones I hadn't seen before. While the album still rocks, there are some softer, and even haunting songs. The pairing with Maynard was amazing. I especially enjoyed RX Queen, Knife Party, and  Change.
B00004R99F|5.0|The editorial review calls this a lesser effort by Disney.  As a father, I have to say that I don't know of a more touching father-son story than &quot;A Goofy Movie.&quot;  I'm a sensible 32 year-old man and I was moved  nearly to tears by this &quot;non-classic.&quot;  This movie is very funny,  too.  The incidents that happen to Goofy and his son Max are cartoonish,  sure, but they ring true.  You will find yourself really caring what  happens to these bizarre dog-headed people!  Ignore the  &quot;professional&quot; reviews, buy the movie and then go find &quot;An  Extremely Goofy Movie&quot; because that one's just as good.
B00001NFCY|3.0|I like Creed, but the lead vocalist sounds the exact same on every song...with no vocal range or creativity.<br />I like &quot;Higher&quot;, but it sounds like &quot;With Arm Wide Open&quot;, which sounds like  &quot;Beautiful&quot; and so on.<br />It is a good album but I can't listen to  it every day....The lead vocalist needs to get away from the same  sound....its making it that you can't tell the songs apart.<br />A definite  buy for the true CREED fan, otherwise skip it.<br />MY GRADE: B- (production)  C+ (songs)
630439845X|5.0|It is the 1800's, after all, and the fate of women who produce children out of wedlock is expected to be grim--all the more so if she is &quot;one of God's dumb creatures&quot;; i.e., mute.  So Ada's father probably  thought he was doing her an enormous favor to get her married to a  prosperous farmer in New Zealand.  Sam Neill plays the farmer who probably  does love Ada a bit, but who seems more concerned that he has been bilked  in a deal when she did not return his ardor.  Keitel is brilliant, as  always, as Baines, the European who has &quot;gone native&quot; and now  feels his own ethnic roots calling to him for apparently the first time in  years.  Paquin shows promise of great things to come as the  daughter-turned-vengeful brat when her mother actually dares to show  intense feelings for anyone other than her offspring.<br />In the end this is  a tale of the redemption of the human spirit as Ada (Hunter) learns to love  and trust a man again (albeit not her own husband), her husband finally  learns the difference between family and property, and Baines finds his  longings fulfilled  through his ability to sacrifice satisfaction of his  own needs for the safety and happiness of the woman he loves.<br />Fine  performances by all involved, including the supporting cast of transplanted  UK eccentrics who give just the right comic touch to a very weighty  story.<br />A triumph of a film, the ending of which is slightly Chaucrian  when Baines learns that the best way to have your way with a woman is to  let her have her way first.<br />Well done, Campion!  You created a  masterpiece.
B00000J7S8|4.0|This CD did not overwhelm me from the start.  And I still prefer Linda Eder on when I look in your eyes and Susannah McKorkle on Let's face the Music.  But it is getting better the more I listen.  Not being a fan of the  genre of jazz of how fast can I string notes together before I find 2 that  go together, This is the type of jazz I find appealing.  Good CD for a  quiet evening.
B00000K2SC|2.0|Great story, writing, direction and effects.  The problem is the lead actor.  Reeves is certainly talented for some roles, but this hold-on-to-your-seats movie is forced to drag him along.  A complete  mismatch.<br />A powerhouse action movie like Matrix deserved a strong lead  with charisma and masculinity, not a &quot;pretty boy&quot; actor such as  Reeves.  His inability to carry an action movie seemed obvious after Johnny  Mnemonic, but I guess he still has all the right connections in Hollywood  to grab a choice role like this.<br />What a shame, and what a waste of an  otherwise great movie.
B00004U8H4|5.0|This movie was so good. I saw it the day it came out and didn't get it  untill about five minutes after i walked out of the theater. Even when the  whole damn  movie made no sence to me i still loved it because of the great  directing, cinimatography, and wonderfully placed 80s pop music.       It  is about a young executive that basicly just sits around his office doing  nothing, and getting paid millions. Now, being a young man, with all this  free time, and tons of money what is a young man to do? Some might say,  &quot;get laid,&quot; &quot;do lots of drugs,&quot; &quot;and enjoy all the  finer things in life.&quot; But Pat Baitman has done all that and is still  not pleased, so he trys some more savage and less normal ways of having a  good time and filling something in him witch has been burning for a very  long time. You have to see this confetion of a movie that will blow your  hair back and knock your socks off.
0316921173|2.0|What a disappointing book!  It took me 4 years of picking it up, putting it down for extended periods, and then picking it up again to finally finish.  The first 300 pages were slow, but I found myself getting  increasingly hooked as I went along.  By about the 600th page, I could  barely put it down.  The many plotlines were coming together slowly but  surely, and it looked like it would reach a convoluted but amazing  conclusion.  So what went wrong?   I dunno what was in Wallace's head, but  he seems to have decided to cast aside this book's potential for greatness  and just end it on a soft note.  What a shame.  Some elements of the book  were great... the wry humor, the many exquisitely crafted plotlines, the  zany future that Wallace's imagination cooked up (monstrous feral hamsters,  lounge singer presidents, etc), and so on.  But other parts were something  of a turn off.  The tennis academy narrative did not match the quality of  the other plotlines, and Wallace's egomania concerning his own writing  ability was a bit much.  If an author is a genius, it will show subtly in  his work (Mikhail Lermontov, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, etc)... Wallace's  brute force approach of beating the reader over the head with complex words  and sentence structures is NOT the mark of genius.  See especially the 200  pages of footnotes... the idea was cute, but when some of the individual  footnotes are 10 to 20 pages each, you know he's gone too far.  Anyway, I'm  digressing from my main point, which is: this is a well written and  entertaining book, but prepare to be let down considerably by the lack of a  satisfactory conclusion... I must say that the &quot;look, I didn't put an  ending in!&quot; trick is SOOOO cliche in post-modern literature, and the  fact that Wallace thought the reader would see the lack of ending as  somehow clever or original does not speak well for him.  1100 pages is too  much to have to sit through for this kind of disappointment.
B00004TL21|5.0|this is the greatest cd ever released this year, i love it, every song is great, definently different from the other albums, but heavy enough. &quot;passenger&quot;is  better than any tool song ive ever heard and knife  party is very beautiful. Buy this cd, its awesome
B000000WJZ|5.0|Maybe even ever.  Some don't mention the best songs on the album, like Quiet, Luna, and Mayonaise.  I'm a fan of Fleetwood Mac, and Queen (yet neither bands of my generation, I still appreciate them) and Siamese Dream  is a truly great album to listen to especially in thise time where Music  (especially rock) is dead, and the music industry puts out some of the  worst garbage ever.  Do yourself a favor, and pick up this along with  Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness and Adore, three albums that really  spread across the rock spectrum.  The first, distortion, guitars, heavy  bass lines.  The second, melodies and symphony with rock, the third, a  truly moving and emotional album, very sad in tone, but some of the most  beautiful lyrics ever.
B00004TL21|5.0|theres only one word that describes this cd: the greatest cd of all time (make that 6 words)
B000000WJZ|5.0|Maybe even ever.  Some don't mention the best songs on the album, like Quiet, Luna, and Mayonaise.  I'm a fan of Fleetwood Mac, and Queen (yet neither bands of my generation, I still appreciate them) and Siamese Dream  is a truly great album to listen to especially in thise time where Music  (especially rock) is dead, and the music industry puts out some of the  worst garbage ever.  Do yourself a favor, and pick up this along with  Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness and Adore, three albums that really  spread across the rock spectrum.  The first, distortion, guitars, heavy  bass lines.  The second, melodys and symphony with rock, the third, a truly  moving and emotional album, very sad in tone, but some of the most  beautiful lyrics ever.
B00004TL21|5.0|what do we have here? another amazing disc from the masters of angry rock! from the razor sharp riffs and screams of elite to the calmer tracks such as teenager, and passenger, the deftones still amaze me.  I honestly think  theres something for everyone on this disc....<br />buy it.  NOW!
B000000W3G|5.0|In fact some of my favorite Smashing Pumpkins songs are in this box.  Said Sadly... The Aeroplane Flies High, Turns Left, Look Right (also the name of the box set), Ugly, Cherry, Mouth of Babes (awesome rock song), God, Clones  we're all, My Blue Heaven, and many more.
078062565X|5.0|Ever wonder why different movie makers can take the same story and come  out with 2 entirely different movies?  The 1933 version of King Kong, a  parody of 'Beauty and the Beast', is a riveting example of movie making at  its finest.  No wasted frames, no excessive side plots, perfect atmosphere,  timing and cinematography make this film a must.  If you own even one other  taped movie, then you need to buy King Kong.<br />Fay Wray has to be the  sexiest scream queen ever. Her performance here outshines all other sex  goddesses of her day, (Harlow, Garbo, etc.) <br />Although you'll hear praise  for the colorized version of Kong, nothing will replace the forbodding  atmosphere of the darkly toned original black and white.  Kong island has  to be the one of the most evil looking places ever.  Couple that with one  classic scene after another and you have the perfect movie.
6305537798|5.0|Boy loving girl Bianca Stratford,played by Larisa oleynik is not allowed  to date by her father, and she is the only girl who isn't dating in the  school. While her Boy hating sis Katarina Stratdford,played by Julia Stiles  is allowed to date guys, but as she doesn't like boys, she doesn't even get  near them.  later, there is a new rule in the house, which is 'Bianca can  date.....when her sister does', still Bianca's in the hard side.The new boy  in high school Cameron played by Joseph Gordon Levitt, falls in love with  her, and asks her out, but she can't go out with any guy until her sis  doesn't date. Now Cameron looks for a guy suitable for Katarina, and founds  one in the lab class. his first meeting fails, so he with the help of his  friend Michael Eckman, played by David Kramholtz find someone with money  and is stupid.they find Joey Donnor, played by Andrew Keegan and tell him  the whole story. finding this chance for dating Bianca,Joey goes to Patrick  Verona, played by Heath Ledger. Joey gives some money to Patrick to take  out Katarina. Patrick agrees and does so, mean while things go a bit weird  for Cameron, he gets a feeling that he would never get to take Bianca out.  Meanwhile with Patrik and Julia, things first start hard, but slowly they  go soft, and they both start loving each other. On a prom night Patrick and  Julia meet each other for the first time as a date, while Bianca and  Cameron are both dating too.Joey finds out thet Cameron's out with Bianca,  and he goes to Patrik and tells him that he wasn't paying to take Katarina  out so that someone else would go out with Bianca. this really gets  serious.Katarina gets to know that she was taken out by someone who was  getting paid for it,Cameron gets punched in the face by Joey,but Bianca  cuts in and beats up joey, right between the legs. this ends the fight.  Bianca and Cameron get to kiss each other, but things go hard with Patrick  and Katarina. the next day Patrick takes back her heart bygifting her with  her fave guitar. atlast they are lovers again, and also get to kiss eah  other.      the review ain't that cool like the movie itself, so if you  want to understand this review, watch the movie. the cast, especially  Larisa Oleynik, the magic girl in 'secret world of alex mack' and Joseph  Gordon Levitt, the alien in the '3rd rock from the sun' did a cool job in  it. i'm sure this review would help you watch the movie, and you will love  it.
0385486804|5.0|It is not about the facts but the process. Death is certain but the way we reach there matters. The road taken and the sceneries enjoyed along the way are what define life. The landmarks perhaps help define what the life as a  whole was about but merely narrating these as facts does not do any justice  to a life. There in comes Jon Krakauer. He takes us on a journey into the  reasons why. Chris McCandless's aim was not be written about or spoken or  even remembered. If that were the case, he would not leave the \\"civilized\\"  world, his parents, his family, and his friends for a life driven by  wanderlust and learning. This is not a story about the journeys that people  such as McCandless, or should I say, Alex, undertake but about why they do  it. And every human spirit loves this freedom of spirit. Innate within us  lies a similar spirit that craves liberation. And it is this vicarious  sharing and celebration of a life and the journey therein that kept me  gripped to this book. Not every wandering soul leaves such an impression on  the world. Not every foolhardy 20-something-year old that fell between the  cracks of so-called civilized society is honored with a book celebrating  the indomitable spirit that \\"Alex\\" possesses. Perhaps more than strength,  it is the yearning that drives him that is more alluring. Amust read for  everyone that ever wanted to soar higher.. to live free-er, and to feel the  exhilaration  that freedom can afford.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I have to say that i really love this c.d. My favourite song would have to be the fab &quot;Stan&quot;. If you haven't heard it, buy a copy of the c.d NOW!
0385486804|5.0|It is not about the facts but the process. Death is certain but the way we reach there matters. The road taken and the sceneries enjoyed along the way are what define life. The landmarks perhaps help define what the life as a  whole was about but merely narrating these as facts does not do any justice  to a life. There in comes Jon Krakauer. He takes us on a journey into the  reasons why. Chris McCandless's aim was not be written about or spoken or  even remembered. If that were the case, he would not leave the \\"civilized\\"  world, his parents, his family, and his friends for a life driven by  wanderlust and learning. This is not a story about the journeys that people  such as McCandless, or should I say, Alex, undertake but about why they do  it. And every human spirit loves this freedom of spirit. Innate within us  lies a similar spirit that craves liberation. And it is this vicarious  sharing and celebration of a life and the journey therein that kept me  gripped to this book. Not every wandering soul leaves such an impression on  the world. Not every foolhardy 20-something-year old that fell between the  cracks of so-called civilized society is honored with a book celebrating  the indomitable spirit that \\"Alex\\" possesses. Perhaps more than strength,  it is the yearning that drives him that is more alluring. Amust read for  everyone that ever wanted to soar higher.. to live free-er, and to feel the  exhilaration  that freedom can afford.
0060977493|5.0|Initially, this novel, depicting the experiences various members of an Indian-Christian family go through, starts off slow.  However, after the first chapter, and into the second, I became totally engrossed in this  book.     It is a complex story, one that requires a great deal of  patience, attention, and understanding from the reader.  I recommend it to  the discriminating reader who wants to experience the complexities of  Indian culture, without actually going to India.  A mature reader, one who  is open, will enjoy this well-written book.  This is definately one of my  favorite novels of all time.
B00003CWTH|5.0|&quot;Magnolia&quot; was a great movie for many many reasons. The  intricate plot, with amazing character work...and even though the movie is  three hours long, it really moves along nicely. Tom Cruise is absolutely  spectacular...his finest roll EVER. Playing the larger than life  motivational speaker that can &quot;Tame&quot; everyone and everything in  his path...to breaking down at the bedside of his dying father. All of the  intricate plot lines and character analysis is what makes the movie an  amazing joy to watch. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! You really are missing out on  something if you miss the movie...it can really change the way you view  life.
B00004THAY|5.0|Only a few other musicians reaches the level that these to guys do. Their love to the blues is obvious to anyone who buys this album and I can only recommend it to anyone who is into guitar and blues music. Especially the  quiet version of an old Clapton classic - Worried life blues - is simply  great.
6305750750|1.0|This film is really just a large bundle of errors and pointing them out individually is akin to sifting chaff for chaff, but here are a few: 1)  The Force is genetic, the result of (or interpreted by) some sort of  cooties.  Is it contagious?  Can you get blood transplants?  2)  Anakin =  Jesus. 3)  Amphibians have hooves and enormous floppy ears, and display no  discomfort after spending days and days on a desert planet in scorching sun  and heat. 4)  Every single time Jar Jar lurches onto the screen, he does  something stupid.  What he does is unpredictable, the fact that he will do  it is not.  5)  The N64 20-minute pod racer game came out the same time as  the film, which features a 20-minute pod racer scene.  Also note the albino  bounty hunter (again on a desert planet with 2 suns) who appears because  LucasArts was pondering a Tomb Raider spin-off. 6)  There is no superfluous  dialogue.  An economy of speech and action moves the plot along like a  1-act play with 4 different scenes.<br />Basically, Lucas' genius is in  marketing, not in film-making.  What he failed to understand was that had  he made a film that pandered to anyone over the age of seven, an entire  generation of Star Wars fans would _have brought their children with them  to the theater anyway_.  He bricked an assured lay-up.
0140282033|3.0|The first part of this book was very intriguing and all of the characters seemed like they would develop into something special. The author did a good job of setting everything up and her writing throughout was fluid and  fun to read. The ending, however, left a lot to be desired. Instead of the  big showdown the author led us to expect, the story just fizzled. The best  parts of Chocolat was all the wonderful descriptions on the chocolates.  They really made me hungry! Even though the ending was a bit of a letdown,  this is still an interesting book, one that was lighthearted and fun to  read.
6303481272|4.0|One of the most compelling storylines I've seen in a long time.  The animation and fight scenes are spectacular.  The videography, even though it is animation, is very well done with good camera angles.  The only  problem with the movie is the female character Kagero.  While she remains  one of the most intriguing female characters of all time, she is the most  ABUSED character of all time which leaves a sour aftertaste to an otherwise  great movie.
B000001FKY|5.0|..what are you waiting for!  This is one of the best rock albums of the '80s. Pour Some Suger on Me, Love Bites, Animal, Rocket, Hysteria...This album is one great song after another, and even after 13 years, still holds  up as good music. You can't say that about alot of records from that era.  <br />&quot;Hysteria&quot; is a keeper!
B000000OUJ|5.0|This is not the extreme hardcore bullshxt or 3 minutes of rolexes and bentleys, this is supreme storytelling by a niglected lyricist. GZA flows perfectly with the beat(not like Bobby Digital) Clan member cameos surpass  what you would expect on their own solo work or even a Clan album.<br />This  totally blows away anything Ruff Ryders, No Limit, or Cash Money could spit  out.
6302378648|5.0|This is one movie that really scared me, it is Robert De Niro at his best, he is such a fine actor &amp; very versatle.  I own this one &amp; have seen the original, this is by far the best, even though the other actors  were very good.  Robert De Niro is my favorite here.
B00004SCX6|5.0|If you liked Britney at all before, you will love her after this album. The title track, What U See (Is What U Get), Stronger, and Can't Make You Love Me are all awesome fast pop songs. They are just as good as Oops I think! Lucky isn't really a fast or slow ballad song, but it is my  favorite. It has single written all over it. The best ballads are Don't Let  Me Be the Last to Know, Where Are You Know, and Dear Diary. This album  won;t disappoint any pop fan.... She's unstoppable, and like it or not, SHE IS THE VOICE OF OUR  GENERATION!
1881273156|5.0|This book is truely the answer to understanding love. I promise it will help your marraige. It explains love like no magazine, no t.v. show, and no other book has been able to. It puts it in front of your face in bold ink  and you cant disagree. Its the truth. If your in a relationship or marraige  or getting a divorce read this book now. The knowledge in these pages is  something that every human should know. Easy reading, keeps your wanting  more. BUY THIS BOOK!
B00004SCX6|5.0|If you liked Britney at all before, you will love her after this album. The title track, What U See (Is What U Get), Stronger, and Can't Make You Love Me are all awesome fast pop songs. They are just as good as Oops I  think! Lucky isn't really a fast or slow ballad song, but it is my  favorite. It has single written all over it. The best ballads are Don't Let  Me Be the Last to Know, Where Are You Know, and Dear Diary. This album  won;t disappoint any pop fan. And the Britney haters should get a life.  They don't have anything better to do than sit here and leave bad reviews  cause they don't like the pop craze. Like somebody said earlier, I hate  country music, but I don't leave bad reivews for them. That's insane.  Britney is laughing at you with her 12* platinu album and her millions of  fans and her millions of dollars, so what good is leaving bad reviews gunna  do. She's unstoppable, and like it or not, SHE IS THE VOICE OF OUR  GENERATION!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Alot of good music was released in 1999.  Creed was the band that really gave the edge over most this year.  I personally didn't know much about Creed before hearing the now classic tune Higher. If you're looking for a  hip, edgy CD with extrememly deep lyrics, this is the one to buy.    This  CD is full of variety whether its the high energized What If, the  imagination of Beautiful or the deep message of With Arms Wide Open.  Some  messages are religious but put in the energy such bands like Limp Bizkit.   This CD shocked me it must be my favourite cd and they have become my  favourite band.  Buy this CD you'll be impressed
068484267X|5.0|I really didn't need to write another review as there are already over 1200 here, but I couldn't help it.  I have to make sure everyone knows that this book touched me more than anything else I have ever read.  <br />I was a  little nervous about reading Angela's Ashes at first because I thought it  might be a little too depressing and harsh.  Well, I was right, but I never  counted on the incredible humor that this author is able to intertwine into  the most miserable circumstances.  So just as I feared, I cried out loud  for these poor little children, but I also laughed out loud many times.   What a talent to be able to write about such tragedy and sorrow and yet  still manage to convey a sense of hope and redemption.   I'm still wishing  I could give that little boy and his brothers everything that I took for  granted as a child - most of all, I just want to reach through the book and  hug them.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I know, I know (you parents out there), it's Britney Spears. For the past year she has had our youth walking around with exposed tummies singing, &quot;Oh baby, baby...&quot; Now with her new CD, Oops!.. I Did It Again,  she has indeed done it again. The beat is spirited and the words mix  pensive, teen-love reality with a nice boost of attitude. (What love-struck  teen doesn't need a little self-esteem?) Each track emanates what America  finds enduring about this teen superstar; sexiness, innocence, and  savvy-ness with talent. You can dance to this CD, exercise to this CD, and  simply enjoy listening to this CD. It has substance. Yes, Britney Spears is  young with what some might term a &quot;mature message&quot; but she  continues to enrapture young guys and girls with her good image and good  music.
B00004TL21|5.0|man is this cd a kickass thing to get i was walling through the cd section when i found that deftone brought their new cd out. all im saying is this is the best cd i have GO GET IT.
630587493X|4.0|Chris Columbus and Robin Williams have together taken one of my all-time favorite sci-fi short stories, and the more extended novel and created a wonderful movie, which has a bit of everything in it.<br />While this movie is  entertaining, it is not great cinema, like Gone With the Wind, but it  certainly rises well above the usual low level of movies that Hollywood  seems to have spawned over the last few years.<br />Robin Williams' comedic  talents are well-used in a light way in the early part of the movie, as  Andrew Martin (Williams) slowly begins to develop and adapt himself.  In  addition, Williams' abilities as a serious actor are vastly under-rated,  with the death scenes in particular showing the serious determination on  the part of Andrew Martin to prevent the deaths of the people he  loves.<br />This movie has comedy, pathos, love, death, in all, most things  which make for a good movie.  In places, I would recommend a box of paper  tissues be handily placed.<br />A good movie for all the family, though I  would recommend it more for older children as well as the big  kids....<br />The only real gripe I have with the movie was that the  transition between layers on the DVD was very obvious.  Technically 7/10.   Movie overall, 9/10
B00003CWLE|5.0|This is a masterful piece of filmmaking that over romanticizesa true story to improve its entertainment value.  However, thegenerous use of artistic license can be almost completely forgiven because the final product is so pleasing.  Director Andy Tennant weaves together resplendent visual images, wonderfully warm lighting, magnificent set design, breathtaking locations and beautiful costumes to produce a banquet of sensory delight.  I'm surprised this film didn't get more technical awards, since it was one of the most exhilarating filmmaking experiences I had all year.<br />The story was engaging, though admittedly the characters were overly idealized. This is especially true of King Mongkut, who was far more educated, dashing and genteel than it would have been reasonable to expect. Also, the romantic overtones between him and Anna were a bit much. But the way they were presented enhanced the overall effect so I have difficulty being too critical.<br />The story also had some constructive subtleties.  In addition to the obvious storylines about the education of the children, the effect Anna was having on the King and the impending war, there was a deeper message.  It illustrated the truism that exposure to different peoples and cultures can help us to grow in understanding not only of them, but of ourselves as well.  For it was clear that Anna was as much changed by Siam and the King as he and the children were by her.<br />I was highly impressed with the performance turned in by Yun-Fat Chow.  His English is much improved since my last viewing of him in `Replacement Killers' and `The Corruptor'.  He imbued King Mongkut with dignity and strength without forsaking the human side.  The camera just eats him up.  It is easy to see why he has been the dominating force in eastern films for years.<br />Jodie Foster, on the other hand, was off her game.  She was good as Anna, but frankly, we've come to expect more from her.  Foster is a powerful actor who didn't seem quite sure what to do with this character.  In some scenes she rose to the occasion and gave us the Anna we hoped for; resolute, defiant, opinionated and principled.  At other times she seemed tentative and totally intimidated by the role, just limping through her lines.  I give her high marks for her English accent, but her total performance just wasn't up to her capabilities.<br />This was one of the most entertaining and delightful films I've seen this year. Yes, liberties were taken but I am inclined to overlook them.  It was beautifully filmed and directed; a feast for the senses.  I rated it a 9/10.  I highly recommend it.
0671042858|4.0|Stephen King is an excellent writer and although this is definitely not one of his most chilling books, it's beautifully written.<br />At 9 years old Trisha McFarland gets lost in the woods for almost a week. She overcomes  many challenges to endure the days. Her love for baseball player Tom Gordon  (#36) keeps her going. She conserves her walkman's batteries to be able to  listen to the broadcast of their game every night.<br />The ending wasn't too  good, but the book in itself is good enough so the ending doesn't ruin the  book.<br />I'd recommend this book to anyone. Its very fast reading (I read  it in one night) and although its a little over 200 pages... it seems like  a lot less.
B00004TL21|5.0|Another day another so called 'nu metal' band comes onto the metal but this is very, very different. this is not a copy of limp bizkit or korn this is something in itself. it changes between mellow (digital bath) to  viscous and damn heavy and angst (Elite). all of the tracks are stand outs  and if the 'tones' had  chance they could probably release all of the  tracks as double a side singles. any metal fan will like this album as it  offers evrything. Hardcore metal, mellow songs, and angst songs. definatly  album of the year.
B00003CWLE|4.0|Anna &amp; the King is a great movie. The Violence is A BIT MUCH. But the Cast Makes Up for it.<br />Jodie Foster is A great Actresse!  She Should reprise her role in HANNIBAL.   Anna And The King: B-
0790743507|5.0|The year : 1952. The film : Singin'in the rain! The Best film ever made, ever, and which will never be upstaged. The premise is quite simple, lots of songs, lots of dancing, lots of movie stuff too. And what great fun it  is! It is just about the transition between silent and talking pictures,  which occured in 1927. What's good about it is that it can be funny and  witty at the same time, without any of the audience member realizing it.  And any film who can do this, deserves to be called the greatest film of  all-time. Take the scenes where they are shooting scenes from the film Gene  kelly and Jean Hagen star in : It just cracks you up the way the microphone  is placed so we hear her heartbeat or her dress,but if you think about it,  it is more serious than entended to be. But this doesn't really matter  anyway because it is just fun, wonderful, magical fun. Sparks, chills are  created whenever a musical number starts. The whole movie just lifts you up  with its bright colors and it's dleightful songs. It is absolutly  enchanting. And what greater movie moment than the &quot;Singin' in the  rain&quot; number. Nothing has ever come close to this and never will be.  What this movie provides us with is a smile at the end, that warms up your  heart for the rest of your life. Now, what other film can do this?
B000002BFZ|5.0|The mixture of sounds on a studio album is phenomenal. Pearl Jam are at their rocky best with Hail Hail and Smile yet cuisy balads and other songs such as Off He Goes, and Sometimes to it off. Buy It, not a dead song on  this CD.
B00004THAY|5.0|Being a big fan of both B.B. King and Eric Clapton, I flipped when I heard that they'd be doing an album together. After what seemed like an eternity of waiting for its release, I finally got it. And, man, it was worth the  wait. I'd say that Riding With The King probably ranks up there with my  favorite blues albums that I've ever heard. It's blues guitar heaven for 60  minutes as these two music legends thrill us with powerful singing and  fiery guitar playing. The acoustic songs are really a treat too. I don't  know that I've ever heard B.B. playing an acoustic. My favorite songs on  here are Riding With The King, Key To The Highway, Three O' Clock Blues  (Mind-blowing guitar jam!), and Help The Poor. Anyone who loves Clapton,  King and the blues must own this CD. It's truly a treasure that you will  enjoy for years to come.
B000002AZ8|4.0|A good album thought some songs such as Foxy Mop Handle and Bugs are a bit strange. Howeever songs such as Not for You, Better Man and Nothing Man prove that pearl Jam can do the ballday tale song with good guitar as well.  Spin the Black Circle is also good when you feel energetic.
B00000IPAX|5.0|ON their new album, Blink has cleaned up their act a little without getting close to selling out.  Anyone who claims that they're pop are dead wrong.  These guys are punk all the way!  Now if only these newfound fans  would spend all that cash of theirs on other great punk bands that the  radio WON'T play!
B000002GVZ|4.0|This hits sampler is typical of record label greed...though Carly stayed with Elektra Records for another five years after this package came out, apparently Elektra wanted to milk her fans rather than wait for hits to  come.  As such, it is falsely titled, since a lot of her &quot;best&quot;  was yet to come.<br />As hits go, this album is full of them, and what hits  they are!  Some of these tunes may be best remembered for their use in  advertising: &quot;Anticipation&quot; was 'the ketchup song,' &quot;Haven't  Got Time For the Pain&quot; was used to shill Anacin or some other headache  remedy.  A third song used in TV ads, &quot;Julie Through The Glass&quot;  (from &quot;Anticipation&quot;, used in a clip for the Church of Latter Day  Saints) would have been a great addition to this album, but was passed over  in favor of material from the more commercial &quot;No Secrets&quot; lp.  &quot;Mockingbird&quot; and &quot;Night Owl&quot; (also from &quot;No  Secrets&quot;) are probably the weakest tracks in this collection, and  could easily have been overlooked in favor of songs from &quot;Playing  Possum&quot; or even &quot;Hot Cakes.&quot;<br />If you consider yourself a  fan of Carly Simon, this collection is entirely un-essential...you're  better off collecting her first five Elektra lps in their entirety.  Music  fans who have a fondness for some of the hits here have a harder choice  between this release and Carly's &quot;Greatest Hits Live&quot; album for  Arista.  The latter lp has some wonderful live readings of songs from this  &quot;Best of,&quot; and includes latter-day classics like &quot;Nobody  Does It Better&quot; and &quot;Coming Around Again.&quot;  Of course, if  you're curious and you have the cash, by all means buy the &quot;Clouds In  My Coffee&quot; anthology, which stands as the definitive Carly collection  to date.<br />-Mic
B000002UQJ|5.0|A lot of fans, for some reason or another, didn't like this album.  I, on the other hand, think it is a masterpiece.  This is a better album than Flowers In The Dirt and even Flaming Pie. The ballads recall the McCartney  sound circa 67-69.  Listen to Winedark Open Sea or Golden Earth Girl and  you'll see what I mean.  The record also features some fine pop tunes with  Hope Of Deliverance and I Owe It All To You.  Bottom line:  If you're a  Beatles/McCartney fan, you can't go wrong with this album.
0812548094|5.0|This book differs slightly from its pressesscor, Wizard's First Rule. While they both keep me involved, unlike other adult fantasies which usually are a long, hard, boring slog, (esp. The Sword of Shannara,) they  could be slightly less graphic. At first I thought, &quot;Okay, girl, this  is what you get for reading adult novels,&quot; (I'm only eleven,) but then  I saw a few other readers complaining. So I, too, cast my vote: less  &quot;nasty&quot; stuff. The writing is extremely good and original, and I  love the characters, but really, it could be changed...for the better.
6302477751|5.0|Tim Burton always has such a clear vision in all his movies, from the photography, to the story, right down to the music, -and this one is no exception.  If you ever get a chance to see this short film, DO SO!  It's  classic Burton even though it was made before he became a well known and  deservedly well respected director.  Tim Burton is the only film maker that  made me uncontrollably cry in a public theater EVER.  That was for Edward  Sissorhands.  All his movies get to me emotionally.  Frankenweenie always  tears me up at the end, but fear not, it does has a happy ending.  I don't  want to give away too much of the story, but I tell you, SEE THIS FILM if  you ever can.  You'll totally love it!  Thanks Tim, for being such a  dedicated and consistent visionary!
0446604844|1.0|The biggest gripe I have about this book is the quality of writing.  For instance all the characters at some point in time seem to be &quot;hitting&quot; things.  On the same page Sidney 'hits' a garage opener  and later on 'hits' a button to lower her car window and 2 pages later she  is again 'hitting' the button on the garage door opener. And such  stereotypes!  All of Mr Baldacci's heroines are good looking in the extreme  and super smart to boot.  Even the 2 women in Absolute Power conform to  this.  In this book just as the author goes overboard with the characters'  physical reactions so he does with the descriptions of Sidney's beauty and  smarts.  Lee Sawyer spends less time thinking about the crash than he does  about Sidney's looks and intelligence which, regardless of the time or  circumstance, never cease to amaze him.  His technical people are uniformly  'geeky' either having unkempt hair and untidy clothes (like the character  in Absolute power) or are bald and pudgy (like the one in this book).  His  agents are old and dedicated and have dysfunctional family lives.<br />Granted  that thriller writing does not call for much by way of language skills, but  any book by Archer, Forsyth or even Follett will demonstrate much, much  better quality of writing without sacrificing plot or suspense.  I think  the main reason for his popularity is that with the ever decreasing  attention span of the average reader anything more taxing than the stuff  churned out by Mr Baldacci will just not be appreciated.<br />And when writers  like Tom Clancy go to extaordinary lengths to get the technolgy-related  facts right why is the author insistent on writing about technology when he  is manifestly not competent to do so.  The sequence where Quentin Rowe  tries to explain the future of computing to Lee Sawyer is so unrealistic  that it is almost funny.  And just what exactly is &quot;A litany of  engineering applications&quot; that need a chip capable of carrying out 2TIPS?  This is just plain bad writing and worse proof-reading.  Why would  one believe that a leading law firm connects to the Internet using a modem  and when did computers start displaying the available 'hard disk memory' at  boot-up?  Techno-thrillers are indeed a very successful genre but this is  definitely not one.  In short just a plain bad book
B00003W8NM|5.0|For someone who had no faith in Mr. Pitt, I am now a convert! A fantastic  film! That's all anybody needs to know!! Fincher + Pitt = genius!
B00004THAY|5.0|Eric Clapton and BB King had a great idea in their heads.  &quot;Lets colaborate with each other for an album and mix blues and guitar!&quot;  They did and look what happened.  A great album called Riding With The King  came out.  Riding With The King and Three O'Clock Blues are the best songs  but all the songs are great.  BB and Eric play great guitar, and BB is also  a great singer of the blues.  I bought this album after hearing one or two  songs of Clapton and none of King and this album is making me buy more  Clapton and King albums.  Sometimes this album is more money then it's  worth ecause I keep on having to spend my money on more albums like this.   Well, buy it, it's worth it.
B00004TL21|5.0|On their third release, the Deftones have opted for a softer and more quirky edge in their music. Their new sound still has moshable moments, however. i like it
B00004TL21|5.0|I think this is the best CD ever because it is by the Deftones
0151003084|5.0|Sinister, beautiful, eclectic, delightful and funny.  A humorous ABC book for collectors of children's books and horror fans alike.
B00000739S|4.0|This is an excellent extension of RocknRoll Animal. The raw edge of the live recording is superb with Vicious,Satelitte of Love and Walk on the Wild Side real stand outs for me. My favourite is the treatment of Waiting  for the Man. Crank it up ,close your eyes and check out the guitar...just  great. Would have rated &quot; Live&quot; a five star if there were a few  more  than six tracks to saviour.
B00004SC3M|5.0|Entrapment is at once a classic. Cathrine Zeta Jones &amp; Sean Coneray give the best performances of their careers in this highly suspenseful picture. I went to see this with my oldest nephew and we liked it so much  we saw three times in the theater. What really surprised me was that it  didn't any get good ratings &amp; wasn't nominated for an Oscar or Golden  Globe. Hands Down this is the best film of 1999.
0553260111|5.0|This book, which I read when it first came out in 1980, used to be my automatic choice for best thriller/suspense novel ever. Although I have not thought about this for years, it is hard to think any other book of this  type that may have equaled or surpassed this one. It is both a simple and  complex story of a covert action gone wrong, where both the good guys and  the bad guys are, for a long time, lost as to what is going on. It is also  one of the greatest amnesia thrillers ever. The twists, travels, action,  and surprises all follow quickly in a long and satisfyingly fast moving  narrative. This book had such an impact on me that it caused me to  automatically buy every new Ludlum book since in hardcover the moment it  became available. Unfortunately, I have found Ludlum dissapointing after  the very next book, &quot;The Parsifal Mosaic&quot;. It seems to me that  he, after becoming the top man in his field, became rather indulgent and  conventional in the management of supporting characters and of plot  resolutions. Yet I will still pre-order the new one coming in October!  Incidentally, let me emphasize that &quot;pre 'The Aquitaine Progression'  Ludlum&quot; is still unmatcheable in the thriller/suspense novel field.
630521610X|5.0|Being a slasher fan myself I have seen many of them since the 1970's. Scream of all is the best I've ever seen. The cast of hot up &amp; coming stars was an extremely good casting job. Neve Campbell also is a better and  more intellegent than Jamie Lee Curtis in the Halloween &amp; Prom Night  movies.  The killer was also extremely surprising unlike the films in the  70's, 80's, &amp; 1998, it kept you guessing I went down practically the  whole list of characters and still when they reveled the killer I had a  different character than the actual murderer. Rent it!  you won't be  disappointed.
B0000399WI|5.0|this si most definatly one of my favorrite movies of all time .  it has everything is it that any viewer will want to see .  the whhole movie is about a man who is thought to have mudered his wife because she was having  a affair .  this happenes in the begining .  throughout the whole movie you  are able to see  what a real life prison is like .  this includes all the  griddy details such as gayness among inmates , death , beatings ,  punishment , and many other detailed things .  even though this movie has  many unwanted desciptions in it there are many sceens that will make the  whole movie worth watching .  if you have not seen it is awsome and i  highly recommened it to you .
B00003CWL5|1.0|I had wanted to see this movie ever since it came out but when I did go  see it I didn't like what I was watching. My brother, two friends, &amp; I  went and saw this two weeks after it's release. I was the only one of us  four who saw the entire film. My brother fell asleep, one of my friends  walked out &amp; the other bought a ticket for another movie. It was a  disgusting picture that shouldn't have won anything. The characters were  gross and obnoxis. No one I know enjoyed it and the as for the touching  part at the end I didn't even notice anything touching or spirtual about  it.
B000000IIB|4.0|As much of the music released by moby, This Album is spectacular.  Each songs fits well with the next.  Sweet beats are well mixed with many different tempos.  Specifically, the song everything is wrong is slow  paced, but portrays a great deal of emotion throughout it.  Overall, Any  Moby fan would enjoy this Album.
0792151712|3.0|I have always been a fan of Kate Winslet and when Titanic came out I went to see it 3 days after it's release. And I was very disappointed in it. For 1 the story seemed to focus more on DiCapreo &amp; Winslet than the  storyline. And being a fan of Growing Pains too I thought DiCapreo &amp;  Winslet would shine instead I don't see how either got an award for it. If  I had known it was like this I would of rented it and saved some money.  Also I think after this James Cameron &amp; Leonardo DiCapreo gloated way  to much!
B00004U8JU|4.0|This movie was expected to be filmed right after the end titles of Jurassic Park. The subject was so good that there was no way that Spielberg would let the oportunity to go away.  Even the book, by Michael Crichton,  was written after the first movie in order to have the storyline for this  follow up. The story is a little weak but the special effects are almost as  good as in Jurassic Park (due to, I think, the much less time they had to  prepare this, compared to the first). For those who have seen J.P. and have  big expectations for these movie, hold on a little bit and yo'll enjoy it  very much.  For those who just want to see a good action/family movie, its  an excellent choice.
6305800073|2.0|Hilary Swank desirved evrything she won for this film but the rest of the actors and the story itself shouldn't have won anything, If Swank wasn't in this I wouldn't have given it any stars. It made so sick that this actually  happened in reality. One of 99's WORST along with American Bueaty.
B00003Q438|5.0|I was very impressed.  Even has some hidden things.  I would recommend this DVD to anyone.
630575067X|5.0|Being a Star Wars fan I was delighted when Phantom Menace came out. I saw it the first day and enjoyed it so much I took my friends, girlfriend, &amp; nieces &amp; nephews. Whenever I'm babysitting a friends kid I slip  this in and am glued to the TV with them. The special effects were  excellent and the casting was suberb especially Natalie Portman who did an  excellent job as portraying young Queen Amidala the only problem is that it  looks more futeristic then the original three.
6301562925|3.0|This is the continuation of the 4th Halloween movie.  Thought it takes  place one year after the events in that movie.  This one has Michael still  persuing his young neice in a effort to kill her.  This act will complete  the total slaughter of his entire family.  Personally this series should  have ended in 1981 with the 2nd movie.  I do feel it warranted a 2nd, but  not the rest that followed.  Maybe the 7th.  that was pretty good.   1,2,7...that is the order you should watch these movies...forget 3 (nothing  to do with anything michael myers anyways) 4 &amp; 5 are just sequels and 6  doesn't explain a damn thing....
B00004SCX6|1.0|This CD is soooooo bad.  It sounds exactly like her half-decent debut ...Baby One More Time.  Spears again has a fake voice and all this album does for her is to enhance ability to lip-synch more.In the song  &quot;Stronger&quot; she sings &quot;my lonliness ain't killin me no  more&quot; like in ...Baby One More Time she says &quot;My lonliness is  killin' me&quot; This is awful and do not buy it. The one star stands for  the one GOOD song written by Shania Twain (If you don't have all 4 of her  CD's what are you waiting for- 5 stars to Shania)that is titled Don't Let  Me Be The Last To Know which has a synthisisar and technical voice  additions.
B000023VR6|5.0|Yes once again Dr.Dre is here with bomb beats to blow you away with. I absolutely love the 2001 because all his songs are so good and have great beats &amp; great artists on the album too. &amp; he gave everybody a  chance to do what they had to do. &amp; the collaborations on the album are  so great.
B0000009S3|5.0|I think I'd have to say this is my absolute favorite album out of the thousands I own. When Frank died, I grabbed this disc, put it on loud, and stood there listening to it without moving a muscle.
0062502182|3.0|This book is based on the story of Night 351 of the &quot;One thousand and one nights&quot;. J.L. Borges also made a short story (almost a synopsys) of this (&quot;Historia de los dos que soaron&quot;-Story about the two  who dreamt). Mr. Coelho probably got his idea from  the latter.  Unless you  like Coelho's other novels very much, or are into New Age stuff, you would  do better buying Borges'  &quot;A Universal History of Iniquity&quot; or  one of his collected fictions. Coelho's book expands on the (possible)  journey of the dreamer, adds some some New Age positive philosophy, and  some magic. Though the journey has its good scenes and moments of insight,  the &quot;how to&quot; of the philosophy and  magic is easily forgotten:  its the substance of the story (Night 351) that matters and what the reader  will remember most.  And that can be put into one sentence that I won't  write here. Save yourself the &quot;meditation&quot; and time, and go read  Borges.
B00004RFCM|5.0|Single gals will vouch for me....this is reality! That's what makes Sex in the City so GREAT! Being single and 30-anything, is to live many of the experiences these 4 hotties portray.
B000002UAI|5.0|IF YOU ARE A BEATLES FAN YOU MUST GET THIS. That  is all I can say!
6305364613|5.0|This fabulous adaptation is worth seeing over and over again. The entire cast is marvelous, and Leonardo DiCaprio's Romeo is, in my opinion, by far the best on film, and probably will be for a long time to come. He is  sweet, poetic, daring, full of boyish exuberance and carries the difficult  task of doing Shakespeare in a modern setting with ease. This is truly a  superb performance. I also love John Leguizamo's stylish Tybalt and Claire  Danes' beautiful Juliet. The art direction is stunning, the sets,  cinematography, and editing dazzling and still manage to take my breath  away after many viewings. The score is also a knockout. This film is a work  of art. Buy it, watch it, love it for years to come !
B00004TL21|4.0|White Pony definately shows a different side of Deftones than I'm used to hearing. This album is slower and softer as opposed to the fast, heavy Deftones songs of thier previous albums. There are still a couple of songs  that are heavy. This album may be different, but it's still Deftones and it  still rocks!
6304233639|4.0|Of Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich's three feature films, (Stargate,  Godzilla, &amp; Independence Day), I hated Independence Day the least. Sure  it's a colossally stupid film, but it's entertaining in much the same way  as console video games are entertaining. Turn your brain off for this one,  because you won't be using it.<br /> First, I am a self-professed fan of  Jeff Goldblum and have been since 1984's `Into the Night'. As always,  Goldblum seems to be in an entirely different movie than the one you  watching, and you wish you watching the other film instead. Second, I like  Will Smith, but I guess that's due to the fact that I think I have seen  every episode of Fresh Prince ever aired. I really like Smith's stripper  girl friend, played by Vivica Fox and mourn the fact that the film only had  a PG-13 rating. So, on to the plot (the author takes five minutes to  recover from his laughing fit).<br /> Aliens show up to Earth and dispatch  dozens of city-sized saucers down to the planet and they hover menacingly  over the major cities of the world. It is very nice to note, however, that  they completely ignore Canada, and when they finally turn Washington DC,  New York, LA, Moscow, etc. into craters, guess who's in charge, boys!  You'll be eating beaver tails and drinking Canadian beer before you can say  `Tom Green'! Anyway, Goldblum discovers that the aliens are using a binary  signal to transmit around the globe to synchronize their attack. He decides  he has to get his dad, (Judd Hirsch), and drive to DC and save his wife  and, oh, maybe warn the President (Bill Pullman), so he can tell the rest  of the US to panic.<br /> We then meet Marine Captain Stephen Hiller (Will  Smith) and his girlfriend, Jasmine (Vivica Fox) who live in LA and who also  have an alien ship hovering above their city. This would be a bad idea  under any circumstance given the total whack jobs that live in that town.  Hiller gets called back to his base and asks Jasmine to join him there  later, ensuring that she will not be turned into a charcoal brickette when  the evil aliens attack. Well, the aliens do attack, embarking on a urban  renewal campaign by leveling New York, LA, and Washington. It is at this  point that they should have rolled the credits, because races that can do  that sort of thing do not, repeat, DO NOT get defeated by primitive screw  heads like us.<br /> Nor do they get defeated by Mackintosh Power Books,  even if it is used by Jeff Goldblum. This movie makes leaps in logic that  would confound Oppenheimer. Cable TV station managers can write computer  viruses that cause the alien ships to drop their shields thereby rendering  them susceptible to missile attacks, US Marine Core pilots can fly alien  spacecraft, and very quickly this film becomes fantasy. However, all of  that aside, it is one heck of a good romp and has its fair share of laughs.  Sure the story is plot holes big enough to drive a very large starship  through, but I expect that sort of thing from Emmerich and Devlin. It does  entertain, has great special effects and a terrific musical score by David  Arnold, so I can forgive a story that could have been written by any five  year old.
B00004TL21|5.0|Sure, the White Pony has the Deftones' trademark angry rock, complete with 180-degree switches from whispers to screams, but things are different this time.  The CD is melodic in addition to being very heavy at times.  All I  can say is that they've done a credible job of helping re-invent hard rock  once again
0764009842|5.0|Originally airing in the U.S. on PBS's Masterpiece Theatre, I came across  this one night during a fit of cable boredom.  Thinking it would allow me  to kill some time until something &quot;good&quot; came on I started  watching.  An hour and a half later I was cueing up my home video tape to  insure that I would not miss the next night's conclusion!  I could not wait  to see it!  I have read Charles Dickens and I am especially fond of Great  Expectations but could never quite throw myself fully into David  Copperfield.  This is a shame since Copperfield is supposed to be Dickens'  pseudo autobiography.  I found the photography visual captivating with the  feeling of the time period masterful rendered.  The acting was great  (Hoskins is amusing) with the boy who plays young Copperfield a definite  standout.  The story finally comes to life and the plot and its intricacies  are finally revealed (to those who lack the patience to read the book!).   Copperfield is truly a rags to riches story in a very convuluted and ironic  manner, very much like life itself.  Young Copperfield must make his way in  the world after his widowed mother passes away and he is left to the whims  of his ill tempered and miserly step-father and step-aunt.  How Copperfield  goes from being a neglected, uncared for urchin to a well thought of writer  will have you watching in fascination.  Of course, along the way he has  several adventures and makes friends with quite a few colorful and tragic  characters.  If you haven't had the inclination to actually read this  story, this is definitely the video version you should watch.  I liked it  so much I just have to own the tapes (2 tape set). Enough said.  Go watch  it now!
0767819446|3.0|A friend suggested this movie to me and said that it was like the &quot;Matrix&quot;  Unfortunately, the only similarity to the &quot;Matrix&quot; seems to be that it's science fiction, and it questions  what reality really is.  Nonetheless, I enjoyed the film because it kept my  attention and was thought provoking.  If you really feel like a  suspenseful, thought-provoking science fiction film, then the thirteenth  floor is worth it.
0140177396|5.0|Clinging to each other in their loneliness                                   and alienation, George and his                                   simple-minded friend Lennie dream, as                                    drifters will, of a place to call their own.                                    But after they come to work on a ranch                                    in the Salinas Valley their hopes, like                                    &quot;the best laid schemes o' mice an' men,&quot;                                    begin to go awry.
B00000163G|5.0|This cd is da bomb. it is 2 pac's best cd ever. I would recommend this to any new or old pac fan. Both discs are awesome and all have great lyrics and a great beat. &quot;How do you want it&quot; and &quot;California Love  Remix&quot; are the best songs on the cds. I would have rather had the  original California Love but the remix is still a great song.<br />P.S. RIP to  Tupac Shakur. Best musical artist ever to live.
B00000K19E|5.0|Very cool movie, amazing special effects. Never have I seen a film look so close to the comic book style. Great story as well -pure escapism. The movie lends itself very well to DVD - it can stand repeat viewings, and the extras make it very well worth the purchase.
0446677450|5.0|This a clearly written history of the author's early, &quot;informal&quot; education in the area of managing personal wealth.  In his &quot;matter of fact style&quot; the author dicloses some not so popular basics of creating  and building personal wealth through assets.  A paradigm shift for most of  us baby boomers.  Fun reading, valuable, and highly recommended for anyone  reviewing their wealth creation pragma - ' better not charge this  book!<br />Good reading!
B000002IWQ|3.0|Frankly, I think CP rocks out more than their 70s stuff.  It's very sleek &amp; concise.  With a few clunkers, Speed of Love &amp; Everyday Glory stand out, it is not perfect.  Rush has yet to hit perfect status; although  MP is certainly close as hell.  CP is fine rock album, but I have always  been disappointed that they do not play Cut to the Chase in concert.  There  are great moments here in Animate, Leave That Thing Alone, and the bridge  of Stick It Out.  Recommended for the Rush fan &amp; nonfan.
B00004TL21|5.0|What can I say?  The Deftones are back with yet another emotionally explosive album.  What separtes this album from the past two is Chino's expanding vocal horizons.  Chino sings on many tracks, adding a wonderful  artistic touch to the album.  But just because Chino begins to sing does  not mean he stops his ferocious screams charateristic of the previous two  albums.  This is definitely an album to grab, whether you are a seasoned  Deftones listener, or just someone lookin for a new band to delight your  ears.
B00004TL21|5.0|Deftones newest album WHITE PONY is what we call a rarity. there is not one song on here that dissapoints. this is the album Deftones have been waiting to make. this is the one. buy. and buy quickly. no matter what you  are into. buy quickly. no one leaves this album unchanged...goosebumps  tattoo my flesh. my jaw hangs dead. i am in the most beautiful, beautiful  shock...please don't wake me...
B00004TL21|3.0|This cd is ok but I like some of their older stuff and it is good cd to buy but if your are looking for something with an edge I suggest 311.
0451169514|5.0|An excellent book that definitely is exemplary of Stephen King's horrific talents.  Imagine your worst ever nightmares incorporated into one terrifying being!   <br />Do not be daunted by the size of the novel.  I first  read this book in middle school where I read it cover to cover only to  close the book and immediately start again.  <br />Having just read it again  at 27, it is (morbidly) comforting to know that I remain awe of Stephen  King's genius.<br />Give it a try!
B00004TL21|5.0|this album is the best this year so far.  Especially the track &quot;Passanger&quot; featuring tool's Maynard Keenan.  This cd shows alot of growth from the deftones, they have added a DJ!  The thing is, people  compare them to Korn or Limp Bizkit, which is unfair considering those  bands lack the depth that bands like Deftones, and Tool have.  This Cd is  awesome.  buy it!
B000003TAR|5.0|With &quot;Bleach,&quot; you were living through Kurt Cobain's grungy, unstable Seattle life. With &quot;Nevermind,&quot; complex issues were addressed and Nirvana hit it big (or huge). <br />&quot;In Utero&quot; to me  is pretty much a backlash at the media. There are some radio friendly songs  on here, but even those seem like they would hurt the average pop  listener's ears. This can be proven when looking at the static-filled solos  (particularly the one in &quot;Serve the Servants), the frenetic pacing of  some of the songs, or the fact that the music is so heavy it sometimes  drowns Cobain's voice out completely.<br />This is my second favorite Nirvana  album. &quot;Nevermind&quot; was so great, so classic, so heartfelt...that  nothing the band could do would match it (for me, at least). However, this  is great in a different way, and as anyone could tell from listening to the  bands that debuted after this album (for instance, Bush), this was the most  influencial record of 1993. <br />Standouts include the following:<br />Serve the  Servants is a great, instantly catchy album opener. The lyrics are among  some of Kurt's best (as he later said they were about his father), and the  riff is irrestable. A great solo for grunge fans.<br />Heart Shaped Box is the  biggest hit off of the album. A depressing, solemn musical masterpiece  coupled with empathetic, regretful lyrics prove to be a winner here.  Instantly recognizable from anyone who owned a radio in 1993.<br />Rape Me is  also a huge hit from the album. The riff is standard but great, and  Cobain's angst filled lyrics against the decieving music business are  perfect for the music.<br />Dumb is an acoustic number. It has a melodic cello  in the bridge with some good bass lines by Chris Novaselic as Cobain spouts  out lines of contradictions and hangovers. One of the more listener  friendly tracks.<br />Very Ape has a cool lead throughout the stabbing guitar  riff, and is a definate return to the pre-Nevermind era. <br />Pennyroyal Tea  is another listener friendly cut, but what's so great about it is the  standard slow song melody is met with strange Grunge lyrics from Kurt, so  to sort of creep out any bandwagoner fan. Much better than a later version  done on &quot;MTV Unplugged.&quot;<br />Tourette's is similar to that of  &quot;Territorial Pissings&quot; from Nevermind. It's about a minute and  twenty seconds of pure noise, and yet it's still somehow...you know,  awesome! A great concept for a punk song.<br />The album closes with All  Apologies, the second most recognizable track from this CD. Lyrics of mourn  and regret are sufficient for the great guitar riff, and Kurt sounds  remarkably similar to *gasp* John Lennon in his final lines...&quot;All in  all is all we are.&quot; Sounds much like Lennon's &quot;Working Class  Hero,&quot; and the angst is there as well. Grohl's backup vocals help a  lot here, sounding similar to that of Staley/Cantrell's harmonies (of the  fellow Seattle grunge group Alice In Chains). A great closer.<br />All in all  those songs make the album much more than worth your money. The group  followed up on Nevermind very carefully...they didn't alienate the audience  it brought to them, but it wasn't poppish enough to be considered a sellout  album. This, perhaps for the first time, mixed real punk rock/grunge with  the mainstream...and it worked.<br />1. Serve The Servants (A-) 2. Scentless  Apprentice (C+) 3. Heart-Shaped Box (A) 4. Rape Me (A-) 5. Frances Farmer  Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle (C) 6. Dumb (A) 7. Very Ape (B+) 8. Milk  It (C) 9. Pennyroyal Tea (B+) 10. Radio Friendly Unit Shifter (C+) 11.  Tourette's (B) 12. All Apologies (A)
1558908498|3.0|Scream 2 could of been better. It was not as good as the orignal, and it is not as good as Scream 3. Of course it was very predictable. Scream 3 is the best Scream sequel, Scream 3 is funny, scary, and completely different  form the first two. Scream 2 could of been better.
B000002MM8|5.0|This album cannot be explained in 1,000 words or less.  If you know it and like it, you know what I'm saying.  I would recommend this album, and any other off of 4AD.  Try the Cocteau Twins.
B000002KK2|5.0|Wonderful cd. The music is clear and uncluttered, sounds great on a good stereo.  Her voice is wonderfully suited for the music
0140282033|2.0|While the book showed some promise at the beginning, I grew tired of the simply-drawn characters.  If a writer can't trust her readers to understand that a character is evil without comparing that character to a Nazi, the  author needs to work a little longer on her story. The author just didn't  trust her readers to understand earlier actions, words and descriptions of  her characters, so the book became repetitive, and the characters more  one-dimensional.<br />This wouldn't necessarily keep me from reading future  books by this author.  The dialog, her characters, and her descriptions, at  the beginning of the book, were interesting. As time passes, I trust that  the author will develop, as will her characters.
B000002HRE|4.0|Reload is a great modern heavy metal cd.  It is not Metallica's best work though.  Great songs on this cd include Fuel, The Memory Remains, Devil's Dance, Better than You, The Unforgiven 2, and Slither.  If you dont have  any Metallica cd's and this would be your first then do not buy this cd.   Start with &quot;The Black Album&quot; that is their best cd.  I would give  this cd 5 stars except Metallica could do a little better.
B00000I8BX|4.0|The nu-skool vibe being harkened forth by the likes of the limited-scope, rap-core ensembles in the Las Angeles area is about to be crushed.  Pummeling craniums with socio-poloitical lyrics and devastatingly  aggressive sounds Fear Factory will render the mainstream Obsolete. The  LACA techno-death metal mavens return with their most dynamically diverse  and aurally intense release to date.  Following up the aggression and  technical precision of their groundbreaking Demanufacture may have seemed  impossible to some, but from the opening blasts of \\"Shock\\" through the  ghostly, haunting fade of \\"Timelessness\\" Fear Factory do more than enough  to reinvigorate the humming tympanic membranes left from Demanu... three  years ago.  The patented integration of sampling and industrial rhythmic  definition into the thrash/ death vibe that quartet have staked their sound  on remains nearly intact through the hour long episode of drilling riffs  and schizophrenic vocals.  The inclusion of repetition expands the depth of  the sound and adds a guise of structure to the album overall. The girth of  Fear Factory's sound sonically is intense. Treading on tones that no other  American outfit even dares with an aural bandwidth that is seismic in  structure.  One doesn't necessarily hear the music and much as they  physically feel the impact of the songs. That is not to say the only reason  one will remember Obsolete is because of the bruises left after even just  one listen.  Vocalist Burton C. Bell's sinister clean vocal inflections  create dark and haunting melodies that ring like a death bell tolling in  the mind and are offset by his gut-wrenching emotional growls.  What sets  Obsolete apart is Fear Factory's continual expansion into the realm of  concept albums.  Each release experiments more and more with the perception  that the album can tell a story through both the sonic interpretation and  lyrical explanation of mechanical dominance. Therefor, prepare yourself for  the decent into the agony of the Fear Factory before your listening  pleasures become Obsolete.
6305313687|5.0|American history X was one of the best drama films ever been released on the theater and dvd, or VHS. It is absolutely stunning. One of those pretty realistic films, you remember years after you have seen them. The acting is  fabulous, as well as the casting of the movie. Despite its having many vile  scenes, which are necessary for the impact which shall have on a person, it  is still amazing
B00000K3UR|5.0|I liked this movie because of the kind of comedy. It keeps your eyes glued to the screen as Adam Sandler cracks jokes.  Every movie with Adam Sandler has to be a great one.  I suggest this to anyone who like comedy movies.
B0000020C4|4.0|I like this recording for the spontanaity you don't get in a studio recording.  It's nice to actually have the audience reaction.  The cast was overall good.  I always love Colm Wilkinson as Valjean and Philip Quast is  my favorite recorded Javert.  Ruthie Henshall does an admiral job as the  doomed Fantine and Jenny Galloway is a bawdy Madame T.  However I probably  am in the minority here but I never have been impressed with Michael Ball  (especially now when he's 10 years older)  and although I do love Lea  Salonga, her voice is just too trained and pretty to be an Eponine.  (if  you read Hugo's novel he describes Eponine as having a very harsh voice.   Not very pretty sounding at all.)  It also seems to me that she tried to  play Eponine in the exact same manner as she did Kim in Miss Saigon.  <br />I  did very much enjoy the &quot;Encore&quot; at the end with the Valjeans  from the various countries.  I thought that was particularly well done and  the orchestra and ensemble was first-rate.  It doesn't substitute seeing  the show live, but it is good to listen to in between trips to NYC :)
B00004U8JU|5.0|kids and Adults LOVE this movie - DTS sound thrills- crank up those  speakers
B00001NTOI|5.0|This Creed cd rocks. It is the best cd ive heard in a long time.hahahahahahahahahaha. its awsome!
B00003CXGP|5.0|A brilliant portrayal of Vanity in the 1980's this film takesplace in the life of Patrick bateman. a man who is living his ownamerican dream. his life includes homocide, Tanning, Going for facials, and more homocide. this is the yuppy from hell. this films is undoubtedly the best film of the year 2000. it is as sharp as an axe in every way. This film mixes Horror, Drama , An Comedy in a way no movie has successfully done before!
0767824571|4.0|I am a big Monty python fan and out of all their movies this isby far their best movie ever especialy Dennis The Peasant and theBlack Knight. If you like a good comedy than this is your movie.
0684847248|5.0|This is THE book to read if you have any interest in personal growth.  It also has the best chapter written about love, ever.  Hands down my favorite book.  Be prepared to really think about your life!
0684867621|4.0|even though i was disappointed when i realized that this book is a pshycological thriller and not Kings classic horror and bone-chilling books i got over it fast because this is a good book. Im glad that King kept it  short and got straight into the plot, unlike many other of his books where  he takes 200 pages to introduce to you his characters. I thoroughly enjoyed  this book up until the ending because after King took you to such peaks and  realizations about Trisha's state of mind i would have preferred a more  appropriate ending or way in which the outcome occured, but then again who  am i to critic King, a master writer? I would recommend this book because  King kind of toys with Trisha's mind, and the readers.
0060926317|1.0|My reading time is far too valuable to be wasted on such poorly written books such as this one.  The author is selling &quot;new age-ism&quot; to those  souls who are lost or wandering.  Get some real philosophy from  someone who isn't so self-serving.  I heard this woman on the radio and she  is so unbelievable in her recounting and her tales/. I urge you to read  something that will benefit your brain, your soul, your life -- trust me,  this isn't it!
6305897786|1.0|If you're considering buying this movie because you are interested in  Roman polanski, go ahead and buy it. You will get the usual slow moving  (not counting CHINATOWN) story and while watching it you'll have plenty of  time to find out what you'll say to your friends when you explain to them  this is really ART and not just a 1 hour movie plus a lot of transport  scenes.<br />If, on the other hand, your interested in a good horror story.  Rent it first ! Chances are you'll choose to buy one more copy of THE OMEN.
6305538018|3.0|This movie ends too soon- it could have gone another hour or so- or at  least I wouldve watched it for another hour because I personally found it  engrossing (no pun intended). I think its potential exceeded its budget.  For those of you who dont like dark movies, avoid Cronenberg.
0783225784|3.0|A groundbreaking film in its day, however, &quot;Animal House&quot; has not survived the advance in comedy that we are now experiencing in film today.  The rawness of comedy has evolved past this nostalgic trip back to  the 1950's and the film's release in the late 1970's.  &quot;American  Graffeti&quot; has held up much better.  Recomended for die-hard Belushi  fans only!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Brilliant!!!!!Inventive!!!!Incedible acting.....and just plain  fun......Enjoy!!!!!!
078322933X|5.0|Great movie, even though Mark Wahlberg plays a bad dude - he's still extremely good looking and hot!  Those bad boys will do it to ya every time!  He's a great actor.  I also am a fan of William Petersen.  He was  great in &quot;Manhunter&quot;.  Still looks good even though he plays the  dad.  Great suspenseful movie!  I loved it.
B0000029DD|3.0|Unfortunately, the countertenor of Tim Buckley has turned into a nasal whine on his son's debut album.  It is a sad indictment that the man who truly challenged the barriers of music is only known now as &quot;Jeff's  Dad&quot;.  &quot;Mojo Pin&quot; is a tired extended rumination, &quot;Last  Goodbye&quot; is mildly poignant, and &quot;Eternal Life&quot; is the only  noteworthy (though an obvious ripoff of Led Zepplin) on the album.  Genius  is Tim Buckley, paltry imitation is Jeff.  Listen to the real thing.
0671027344|5.0|I was a bit hesitant when I first picked up &quot;Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot;, becuase I had read Catcher in the Rye a few years back and hated it.  I was not only surprised but knocked off my feet by this  book.  I HAVE friends like Sam and Patrick, the way Charlie felt when they  graduated is almost EXACTLY the same way I felt when my friends graduated.   I think almost anyone in high school can find some part of some character  in this book that they can relate with.  I would highly reccomend this book  to anyone who is in high school, who will soon be in high school, or who  even remembers high school :)
0441172717|5.0|I finished reading all six Dune books on 6/15/00. About a week ago (today is 6/23). It took me a little less than three weeks to read them all (I started Dune on 5/27/00). I rented the movie years back and turned it off  after watching it about twenty or thiry minutes. I didn't know what the  heck was going on. So, I said to myself that I'd read the book before I  rented the movie again. Well I finally did...and then some. I started  collecting all six Dune books. When I had them all I began reading Dune.  Talk about one cool plot. Dune had it all. One main plot with many subplots  underneath. I had to stop reading the book at points so that I could reason  everything out before I continued (I LOVED IT). Dune Messiah was pretty  good too. It seems to me to be the easiest to understand because its very  simple. Children of Dune was okay, but seemed to dragged out because  Herbert spent so much time describing Leto II's hallucinations, trances,  thoughts, etc. It could of been 200 pages less to get the story across. God  Emperor of Dune was really cool too. I love how Herbert describes the  changes of Arrakis into Rakis over the millenia. This book does a great job  in describing the changes. Heretics of Dune: the most fast paced,  action-packed book of the series. This one was a real page turner.  Chapterhouse: Dune was an okay story but the book doesn't get interesting  until you've read about 300 pages, 3/4 of the book. To me it seems when the  Bene Gesserit are in the picture the story slows down quite a bit. I  thought there was too much Bene Gesserit philosophy in this book. Overall,  how do I rank all six books? Well, the first one, Dune, will have to be my  favorite because it is a classic and it is the most intricate book of the  series. Herbert really did his homework for this book. It's easy to tell.  Book Five is a close second. Book Four is a third. Book two is ranked  fourth. And I'll have to say Books three and six tie for last because they  seemed theslowest of them all (however, I lean more toward Children of  Dune being better because I think Leto II's &quot;transition&quot; was fun  to read). Since then I've read two nonfiction books (one on the Alamo) and  today I finished Clive Cussler's Serpent. &quot;Now what?&quot; you might  ask. Well, I've been wanting to read some more fantasy since high school.  The only fantasy I've read are Tolkien's famous four books and C.S. Lewis'  &quot;Chronicles of Narnia.&quot; Now I'll read Piers Anthony's first  Incarnations of Immortality book &quot;On a Pale Horse&quot; and then start  reading some Xanth novels. Until next time...
B00004TL21|4.0|This cd is awesome.. it still has their technique where they playing slowly in a song and then metal starts blasting and chino is goin psycho.  But the cd is not as good as the 1st but thats life.  The 1st one, named  &quot;Adrenaline&quot;, was heavy, very heavy.  In this one they did an  awesome job even goin slow.  My last words are, buy the cds in order. Cause  1 and 2 are awesome and so is 3 but isnt as heavy... and some of the songs  still sound the same as the old one, so its not too origional.. still its a  good cd so go and buy it.
B00004T9UF|5.0|It's hard to believe, but this white guy is the best rapper on the planet. His writing, rhyming and creativity are unequaled. It's so nice to have an artist that I truely love to listen to again.<br />I laughed repeatedly and  actually got goose bumps after hearing &quot;Stan&quot;.<br />Best album in  any genre in a long time.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album is above anything i've heard and i have heard many albums as a huge music fan and a musician.<br />At first this album didn't have a big impact on me and i think it's because TOOL's music on this album is very  complex and it has many layers of music and therfore at first listen it's  hard to catch everything so it may sound is some kind of weird hard rock  music. It IS weird, the sound is very 'avant-gardeish' and Maynard vocals  are something you've probably never heard before if you are not a Tool fan  (or APC fan), he is totatly amazing. My point is that TOOL has created  something truly original and because it's so avant-garde or original or  complex it may hard to catch how genius this album is at the first few  listens. It sure took me a while to understand the whole album and it has  became my fav 90's album because it is simply the best.<br />The album's  concept is some kind of world conception that talks about changing or  evolving, ignore the common conception of our materialistic world and start  looking into it more deeply. Maynard's lyrics are full of refrences and  it's impossible to know what he means really when he writes his song simply  because i think he wants the fans the understand the album personally  because the way he writes can mean diffrent things to diffrent people and  that's what, i think, is the best thing about TOOL's lyrics.<br />The music  itself is amazing, it's very dark, very rough and aggressive, the songs are  full of changes in mood, tempo, and such... it changes from heavy riffs and  hard drums with Maynard screems on the background to soft bassline with  guitar melodies and Maynard's amazing fragile voice that sounds a lot like  a young boy in pain or something like that. Also notice that Maynard's  vocal melodies are so diffrent from the songs' roots but they blend so well  and it creates such an amazing melody upon layers of heavy bits. The whole  layers thing is what makes the albums sound so good, and it's really hard  for me to explain the layers thing, you just have to listen to it and try  to notice how the guitar blends so well with low-end worm bassline and  Danny's drumming which masters the double-bass drums in a way no other  'metal' drummer does, just diffrent.<br />Another thing about the album is  that it's made as an experience, you MUST listen to it from the start to  the end because it all flows so well just like a single song of 77min, and  this is because of the mood; since the first song the album gets you into  this dark, depressing mood and this mood effect is a lot because of short  tracks between the songs who are some kind of transitions who gets you into  the mood of the album or of the next song, this experience end with a  breathtaking psychodelic track of over 13min which sums the concept of the  whole world conception thing with using the metaphor of a third eye that  everybody has but always closed, and when he opens his third eye he starts  looking at the world diffrently, more naively like when this person was  little and wasn't aware of materialistic conception yet.<br />This is TOOL's  masterpiece, and one of the most original albums ever written, buy it and  listen open minded because this thing gets into your mind without even  knowing, this is music as drugs and i mean it, really! VERY STRONG DRUGS...  THIS IS LSD EVEN! :)
0151003084|5.0|When I saw this book at a friends house, I thought-Gashlycrumb Tinies, what a strange title.  Then I read it and thought-what a strange book.  The whole concept of the book was intriguing.  I've never read anything by  Edward Gorey before but I intend to read as many of his  works as possible.   I truly recommend this book to anyone who is wanting to read something  with a bit of a twist on rhyming or would just like a remarkably good read.   A must for all literature collections.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is an awsome band no matter what anyone says about them. I think the masks look great. But the album is one you should definetly pick up today. The best songs are &quot;No Life&quot;, &quot;Eyeless&quot;,  &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot; (of coarse!), and &quot;Diluted.&quot; But I'd  have to say the whole album kicks @ss. Pick it up today. I guarantee you'll  like it if you like Static-X, Powerman 5000, or Limp Bizkit.
B00003W8NM|5.0|They say a great movie is one that makes you think.  While on the outside,  Fight Club looks like a shallow, nonstop violence flick.  Yes, there is an  extraordinary amount of violence, but after you watch it you'll want to  watch it again to fully take in the storyline.  In my opinion, Fight Club  is a worthy way to spend 2 hours.
6305718911|5.0|stigmata is a strange movie....u'll love it! it scares when necessary and  it tells about an evil possession. good special effects and a fantastic  performance make this film GREAT! believe me...u'll get afraid watching it  but u have to do that. much better than ''the exorcist''and so i can say  it's the top. a very good work that must been remembered forever.. i'd rate  it more than 5 stars but i can't and so ......
B00004T8RK|5.0|&quot;Binaural&quot;, simply put, is a work of art.  The evolution of Pearl Jam over the years has been captured beautifully on this record.  No band can come close to standards set by the boys from Seattle, and they  prove just that with Binuaral.  Maybe not as radio friendly as Ten,  Binuaral hits you hard with crushing guitar riffs and mesmarizing drum  beats.  It also shows unveils a very melodic and &quot;softer&quot; side  with hypnotizing ballads that are unforgettable.  If you are a Pearl Jam  fan, you know what I am talking about cause you already have listened to  this record a million times.  If you haven't picked up Binuaral yet, go get  it!  And go see PJ in concert--There is no better live performance on the  road today than Pearl Jam!
0670647500|5.0|This book is a must read!   It is by far the best book I have ever read.  It is a true account of a man who has been repeatedly abused by the American justice system and by society.  The descriptions of events and  situations are painted so vividly that you can actually see them happening.   The writing style is very similar to that of Martin Luther King, Jr.  If  you want to read a book that shows the struggle that black people (and  other minorities) must endure everyday , then you should definately read  this book.  It will make you laugh, it will make you cry, and it will make  you want to get up and yell at somebody.  And hopefully, it will make you  want to be an activist.  Read this book if you want to read about something  REAL!   Rubin Hurricane Carter and John Artis are heros!
B000001OAA|5.0|All hail Shirley Manson!  This CD is awsome.  Not many of the songs are fast, but you can't help but love every track.  Every time I put it on to listen to one song, I can't help but listen to all of them.  Each one is  unique.  All of my friends are sick and tired of listening to it because  when I put in a CD, chances are that its going to be Garbage.
B000002BBY|5.0|oasis made a very very very good work recording this album. it's great and i think it's the best album i've ever heard!  the songs are fantastic and there are no horrible ones... everything is ok and they'll rock u anyway!  this is a masterpiece and u have to go and buy it as soon as possible. liam  sings so well i can't explain and noel makes all the other work....they say  they're the best and this album makes us think they're right! listen to  it.... what's the story morning glory...this is oasis and so how can they  say they're gonna end?
0788811355|5.0|Standing alone, The English Patient was filmed to perfection.  Saturated with components that have made other epic films immortal: fierce passion, warfare on humanity, alienation of the soul, and of course, redemption. The  story unfolds in a forsaken villa in Italy where a young nurse (a radiant  Juliette Binoche) stays to care for her dying English Patient (Ralph  Fiennes). This proves to be more than a regular post-war recuperation as  both are dragged back into the pain during WWII. Joining this party is a  maimed Canadian spy/thief (Willem Dafoe) seeking to find his share of  healing, and an isolated Sikh sapper looking for understanding. <br />The  identity of the English patient is soon established as a Hungarian explorer  and linguist--Count Almasy, who is in a way stranded on the desert of North  Africa, longing for a lost oasis.  The rain to his dark existence comes in  the form of Katherine, a newly wed young woman (Kristin Thomas Scott) who  is brave enough to accompany her husband, an evitable disppointment. Of  course, keen eyes would sense the physical attraction intensify in the  desert heat as these two lost souls cling to each other in a time of rapid  colonization and brutal conquest. But in the minds of these multi-ethnic,  nationale explorers, the world exists as it is, NEVER divided by human will  into countries or &quot;groups&quot; as Almasy jeopardize his  &quot;honor&quot; to fulfill the one promise to his doomed lover in the  desert. This one compromise Almasy makes leads to Dafoe's obsessive chase  to the villa.  Instead of finding a spy like himself, he finds a faceless,  nameless man, with whose ghost the young nurse has fallen in love with.   Juliette Binoche was indeed a vision in this film, such a delight to see  her emotionally-scarred character blossom. Minghella tells us that everyone  has scars, some heal.  Even the young sapper manifests his share of anguish  during his courting of Hana, the nurse.  Indeed, love does live forever in  memory.  And since memory is all these stranded survivors of WWII have in  common, they bound together into the future with one thread linked to the  turbulent past--the English patient.<br />The book itself was a beautiful  mirage, but if  Minghella was indeed faithful enough to Ondaatje's  international best-seller as to copy every focus, then this work would  never illuminate the big screen.  After all, Ondaatje's novel was a blend  of lives, scattered, dispersed all over the slate of human nature.  The  distorted focus--now on the doomed love between Almasy and Katherine  Clifton, is handled with such grace and care that the rest of the stories  eventually fuse together into  one soulful blues tune. The brilliant cast  (internationally acknowledged), mesmerizing score, and the breathtaking  cinematography that captures the savage soul of the desert, and the desert  of the soul, truly bring alive an astounding vision, so full of everything.
B000002OX7|5.0|Who's Next was originally intended to be a concept album called &quot;Lighthouse&quot; and was to be the soundtrack for a film of the same name. According to Pete Townshend, the movie was to be &quot;a portentous  science-fiction film with Utopian spiritual messages into which were to be  grafted uplifting scenes from a real Who concert&quot;. After having  listened to Who's Next several hundred times, I honestly can't see how  Lighthouse could have worked as a concept album: there is no narrative  thread of any type holding the songs together and each tune is entirely  self-contained with a specific theme or message (be it psycho wives,  deceitful politicians, feelings of intense love, or what have you).  Basically, these are good old fashioned rock anthems that get inside your  head and remain there for the rest of your life (and the songs are just as  powerful now as they were three decades ago). We are very fortunate that  Who's Next was released as is, because Townshend's Lighthouse concept  couldn't have worked with this particular collection of songs. However,  this &quot;throw away&quot; album turned out to be the best release ever  for a very awesome and powerful rock group. NOBODY SINGS BETTER THAN ROGER  DALTREY! I challenge you to find a better scream anywhere in rock n' roll  than the one during the climax of &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;!
6304169558|5.0|Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton do a great job in the lead roles of TWISTER.   The story contains many interesting and engaging subplots: the imminent  divorce of Hunt and Paxton's characters; their shared attraction to  studying the nature of tornado formation, and to finding better ways to  spot tornadic activity in order to save lives; their competition with a  self-serving, but not as brilliant antagonist; interactions between Hunt  and her aunt; and Paxton's somewhat 6th sense that helps him predict what  storms may do.<br />When you watch the movie you may scoff at the  personalities of Hunt's supporting field crew. While not everyone in  graduate school acts the way they do, there are certainly real-life  characters in graduate schools across the country who could be confused  with Hunt's crew.  They are an enthusiastic, talented bunch.  Having spent  9 years as a science graduate student myself I have no problem envisioning  such a group.  You will certainly have a favorite supporting cast  member.<br />The special effects are awesome.  The storyline is plausible --  there are real-life storm chasers out there.  The factor that really makes  this film work for me is that for parts of the USA (like mine), tornados  are a very real threat -- e.g., I actually saw my first funnel cloud form  last week, and it touched down no more than 1.5 miles from my house!  The  sirens didn't go off, and if I hadn't happened to be outside I would not  have known to take shelter.  <br />For people in other parts of the world  where tornados are not common -- they can be deadly, and are, for some  people, an annual summertime threat!<br />5 stars for interesting characters,  story, and great special effects that support rather than overwhelm the  show.  <br />I highly recommend this show -- good fun, good action, and even a  touch of romance.<br />Alan Holyoak
6304169558|5.0|twister is one of the best movies i've ever seen! believe me when i say it's the BEST...i'm saying what it really is... the special effects are fantastic and the plot isn't so bad even if it's always the same... helen  hunt gives an impressive performance and there are also some interesting  moments. u have to see it... i would like to know why in the ending they  can survive in the tornado f5!  it's not true but i don't care. 5 stars  magic and amazing. watch it!
0380804557|5.0|Stardust amazed me. It is an enchanting fairy tale with magical characters you will never forget. This is the second book I have read by Neil Gaiman and he keeps getting better. He is turning into a world class author.<br />As  the story starts out in the little village of Wall in England, its a  little slow. The first fifty pages or so explore a few different  relationships and what is on the other side of that mysterious wall. But as  soon as the story progresses and the setting changes to the land beyond the  wall, hang on for the ride.<br />I found a few similarities to other great  books that I have read. The idea about a wall and what is beyond it is a  little like Sabriel by Garth Nix. In his acknowledgments, Gaiman thanks  C.S. Lewis for the inspiration. You can certainly feel the Narnia-like  atmosphere in Stardust.<br />This book truly dazzled me. I thought it was even  better than his previous book Neverwhere. Does this mean that his next book  will be even better than this one? I really hope so! We will be hearing the  name Neil Gaiman a lot more in the future.
B00004TL21|4.0|This CD is a good buy.  If you like the first single off of it, &quot;Change&quot;, you will like the rest of the CD.  It ranges from being sort of &quot;light&quot; at times while being &quot;heavy&quot; at others.   Overall I think this is a good CD and you should look into buying it,  especially if you like &quot;Change&quot;.
630508999X|3.0|sream 2 works but it's not good as the precessor.. why? ok..let's start saying that the plot isn't so original and there are moments that make u smile! it's not amzing and the original was stronger. i didn't get so  terrified watching the second ones cos there are scenes similar to the  first... so:this isn't bad at all.u'll find it good only 'cos it's  scream...! wes craven could do much much better... boring!  i hope  the third will be better but i'm not so sure........
B000000XCH|5.0|1970 was a banner year for the Creedence gang. WILLY AND THE POOR BOYS had been the best album yet;it seemed impossible that they could produce anything greater.Once again however,Fogerty and Co made all the critics  choke on their pens.COSMO'S FACTORY took CCR's title of America's greatest  singles band to a new high;every track on the album was a potential hit  single.Even doing covers by Roy Orbison(OOBY DOOBY),Marvin Gaye(I HEARD IT  THROUGH THE GRAPEVINE),Bo Diddly(BEFORE YOU ACCUSE ME)and Elvis Presley(MY  BABY LEFT ME); Creedence took these covers by the scruff of the neck and  stamped their musical brand on them.for the first time,sax(played expertly  by John Fogerty)appears on a Creedence album(all the band members could  play more than one instrument);on the tracks TRAVELIN'BAND and LONG AS I  CAN SEE THE LIGHT.John Fogerty's perspective lyrics based on observations  of the late '60s-early '70s were spot on(witness RAMBLE TAMBLE,WHO'LL STOP  THE RAIN ,RUN THROUGH THE JUNGLE and TRAVELIN'BAND).The dessert of this  musical feast is the downright spooky long version of I HEARD IT THROUGH  THE GRAPEVINE(evil bass line,Stu!).The band played tight on COSMO'S  FACTORY;tighter than most of their musical peers.The end result was the  best CCR album . . .check that . . .best album of 1970,by anybody!The only  way to go now was down(ever so slightly).Buy COSMO'S FACTORY . . .it's  Creedence's masterpiece.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Santana didn't write any of the songs on this album. He didn't sing them either. What DID he do? Well, he contributed a guitar solo. Woo hoo hoo. I'm not really saying this album is BAD (there are a few good songs on it),  but this isn't a Santana album in almost every possible way.
B000000XCF|5.0|With WILLY AND THE POORBOYS,Creedence Clearwater Revival takes us down to a corner on any old street in a southern town to hear a band of four kids play jugband music for nickles and dimes.If you close your eyes and let the  music take you, Wily and his Poorboys could be a real band(epecially on the  tracks COTTON FIELDS,POORBOY SHUFFLE,DOWN ON THE CORNER,SIDE O'THE ROAD and  THE MIDNIGHT SPECIAL).John Fogerty's lyrics have a sharper edge than  usual(witness IT CAME OUT OF THE SKY,DON'T LOOK NOW[IT AIN'T YOU OR ME],  EFFIGY and FORTUNATE SON).Of course the CCR blues rock roots still shine  through(FEELIN'BLUE).The great thing about Creedence was that they  experimented freely with their sound while still retaining the musical  elements that made them America's top singles band.Once more the band  sounded like a finely tuned musical machine;all seperate parts working  together as a whole.Even better was to come with their next release;but  that's another review.
B00000IPAX|1.0|There is really nothing good about this album; the members of Blink 182 are pretty much bad at everything they tried to accomplish. Their singing is abysmal (hearing them live makes you sorry for them), their playing is  equally bad, and their songs aren't good for ANYTHING. The only  half-exception here is 'What's My Age Again?', basically a mistake in Blink  182's assumed attempt at producing the worst music listening expierence  imaginable. Their songs have no point, no meaning. They are just THERE.  Their lyrics add up to nothing and don't tell complete stories, or rather  they just don't tell a story at all. The lyrics are just there to push the  (awful sounding) music forward. Small children can make better music than  Blink 182. Their songwriting procedure is basically as follows: Pick a  word. Find something that rhymes with it. Repeat a good 10-15 times. You  now have a song worthy of Blink 182. As I said before, their songs don't  finish their stories if they even have stories at all (in 'What's My Age  Again?', their only *real* song, the girl dumps the main character in the  song, the main character calls her mom from a pay phone, and that's it. We  never find out what happens after that). If you have little to no knowledge  of music or how it should sound, give this album a go. I bet you'll love  it. If you ARE a musician in any sort, do yourself a favor by listening to  me. So, in conclusion, stay away from this album as far as you can. Run, do  not walk, from Blink 182.
0385484518|5.0|I know what it's like to have that one mentor who you just can't wait to see each week because they are so full of lessons on life.  In fact, being a 22 year old grad. student in literature who is just beginning my career  as a teacher, I feel a special spiritual bond with all of those professors  who have believed in me and who have seen me &quot;as a raw and precious  thing, a jewel that, with wisdom, could be polished to a proud shine.&quot;  So many times we place a stigma on teacher-student relations because many  feel that a teacher is an authority figure with a higher degree of  knowledge than the student.  But, the fact is that lessons on life are the  important thing to learn, and on that level, a teacher and student are  equal and can learn from each other. Tuesdays demonstrated this  relationship with beauty and power, and I believe that anyone who has ever  had a mentor, who is a mentor, or who is going into teaching should read  this book because I know it has given me some lessons to follow, not only  in my career, but in my own relationships as well.
B00000JPH5|5.0|WOW. I LOVED this movis so much, that I saw it like 7 times in two weeks..IN THE THEATRE!  There was such an enchanting quality to this film..even tho it was a little campy. And Yes, Jareth is HOT! I even had  the soundtrack for a while. All the songs are awesome, sing-a-long type  songs.  I recently rented it to show to my son and daughter and they also  love it..especially my daughter.  Other Movies if you liked this:  Legend(Tom Cruise, Mia Sara)
B00004TL21|5.0|when i heard &quot;change&quot; on the radio, i knew this was going to be one of the best albums of the year, and it did not disapppoint me when i bought it.  the whispery up to screaming voice of Moreno combined with the  raging guitars is very exciting to hear.  &quot;RX Queen&quot; and  &quot;digital bath&quot; are loud and pounding. there is no one else out  there that sounds like the deftones, and its refreshing to hear someone  original.  buy this if you loved the other two, and even if you didnt, give  it a try.
B000000OMB|5.0|Just because you throw a bunch of talented musicians together doesn't mean that they will produce something good. But these guys came together and produced a blockbuster. The polished talent and musicianship is everywhere  on this fine recording. They had a fresh sound, great numbers and lyrics,  and an impeccable delivery. This is one of the greatest debut recordings  ever.
B0000076MI|5.0|Recorded back in 1975 this album (CD) is the real thing. Ten Years After at their peak.   The sound quality is fantastic as is the performance. Well worth getting for any TYA fan.
B000002VCU|5.0|I rank this and I, Robot as my favorite APP recordings. The sweeping and hauntingly beautiful material is everywhere. This recording has many memorable numbers that blend in harmoniously with the entire package. This  is a signature quality of APP. This is not dance or &quot;Crank it up,  Dude&quot; music. It is a unique style that is very easy to listen to and  reflect on.
B000002JSN|5.0|I'm a big Zep fan, and I own all of their CD's. This by far is their best album with hard rock styles to almost folkish sounding songs like &quot;Down by the Seaside&quot;, and &quot;Black Country Woman&quot;.  &quot;Kashmir&quot;, &quot;The Rover&quot;, &quot;Night Flight&quot;,  &quot;Trampled Under Foot&quot;, and &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot;, are  all solid songs and are definitely worth a listen. You won't be  dissapointed with this album.
0385471483|5.0|Esto es una obra maestra! This is a very rare mix: a wonderful book which is easy to read for a non-native Spanish speaker. I can also recommend the audio version, which is a great enjoyment and easy to understand.
B000002H2H|4.0|Right up until last year, I was never really much of a Metallica fan.  Then for some reason, I decided to get Garage Inc..  That in turn was followed by Justice, Black, Load, Reload, S&amp;M, Puppets, and now, Ride.  Before buying S&amp;M, I deciding to get the Cunning Stunts DVD.  And  believe me, I really enjoyed the spectacular concert the guys performed,  particularly, &quot;Creeping Death&quot; (probably the best song on the  DVD), &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot;, and especially &quot;Kill/Ride  Medley&quot;.  Those performances (along with the tracks on S&amp;M) were  what prompted me to buy this CD. I was especially interested in hearing the  original versions of &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; and &quot;Ride The  Lightning&quot; from the Medley.  And let me tell you, they are definitely  killer!  The machine-gun guitar and drum riffs were probably what made this  CD popular in the first place.  IMHO, Metallica help create speed/thrash  metal in the early/mid-80's.  Not only do you get the killer riffs, but you  also get the popular &quot;Fade To Black&quot; which is similar to  &quot;One&quot; in that it starts out really slow, then gradually picks up  speed before peaking at a fast guitar solo.  And then you have &quot;The  Call Of Ktulu&quot; which is an excellent instrumental by itself (however,  I prefer the S&amp;M version; it sounds SO much better with the  orchestra!).<br />Being a new Metallica fan, so to speak, I can start to see  why many of the longtime fans out there don't prefer the newer stuff  they've put out (I personally like both of the Loads).  Ride (along with  Puppets and Justice) was unique in the sense that Jaymz and company had the  guts to put out something that would stand the test of time to this day.  Even though I've heard it only a few times, I'm starting to appreciate it  already!
B00001OH7U|5.0|...that the rest of the musical world is still trying to catch up. On Station To Station, David Bowie did the impossible - he captured a moment in time. Well, maybe &quot;a moment OUT of time&quot; might be closer.  Deeply personal, but oddly universal. Introspective and danceable. I first  heard this record when I was 12 or 13 (back then, and you Marilyn Manson  fans may not believe this, a Bowie poster in your room could get you  shipped off to Military school - but I digress...) and I don't think that's  there's been a week since that I haven't found myself humming TVC15. Word  On A Wing still never ceases to floor me. If you're interested in learning  how to write lyrics, this CD is the perfect primer.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|When S&amp;M came out on CD way back in November, I bought the first day it came out.  Needless to say, I was completely blown away by the combination of symphony and metal.  It was as if the soft, soothing,  melodious sounds of an entire orchestra complemented the hard, dissonant,  harsh sounds of a proven band (somewhat like yin and yang).  I was in  complete awe and listened to it again and again...<br />Well, the wait is  finally over, and the DVD of this great concert has finally seen the light  of day!  And just like its audio counterpart, it certainly does not  disappoint!  The best performances are the first three tracks which open  the concert.  First, you have the opener, &quot;The Ecstasy Of Gold&quot;  which introduces the band and orchestra to the audience.  Then you have  &quot;The Call Of Ktulu&quot; which gradually psychs the crowd slowly and  surely.  &quot;Ktulu&quot; then smoothly segues into &quot;Master Of  Puppets&quot; which by then has the whole crowd going wild!  For the rest  of the concert, Jaymz and company keep the crowd's attention through their  playing with the orchestra.  This is especially true with the closing  number &quot;Battery&quot; where after &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, both  Kamen and the band leave with the orchestra still there.  The audience is  clamoring for the band to come back and play.  After what seems like an  eternity, both maestro and band come out to play the last song (much to the  audience's delight of course).<br />Watching the concert itself made me wish I  was there.  And having this particularly on DVD is the next best thing!   For not only do you get the entire concert, but you can also isolate the  band by itself or the orchestra by itself (it sounds really unique and  refreshing in that way).  Lastly, you get the entire &quot;Making of  S&amp;M&quot; documentary as well as two additional versions of &quot;No  Leaf Clover&quot;.  <br />With all that said, my only complaint is that the  writing on the boxsays that there are 4 multi-angle songs.  In reality,  there are only 2 (&quot;Of Wolf And Man&quot; and &quot;Sad But  True&quot;).  Still, I would definitely recommend the DVD to anyone who  already owns the CD (or videocassette for that matter).  The concert is  worth watching over and over again!
6305531374|4.0|A great movie.That about sums up all there is to say about H20.It has thrills,laughs,links to a golden past(halloween) and a lot of that mid/late 90's slasher movie power in it.Further more i'd like to point out that this  is the decade's true alternative to the Scream films.Scream still rules but  H20 is as close to it as it gets.Go buy it!
B00004TL21|5.0|Words cannot begin to describe the feeling I get from listening to this album.  It is just so great.  Although I am sure that many people will find a way to hate this album just as much I enjoy it, it just doesn't matter.  This album is so dynamic and polished, raw and powerful, yet so soothing.  Just &quot;sweet, ruthless&quot; beauty...
0312853238|5.0|Although it is hard to describe or criticise ENDER'S GAME, I can easily say that it changed my whole life. I read it and was overwhelmed by its genious. Each time I read it Ifound something new for myself. Reading it  once is being unfair to the book. It deserves to be read over and over  again and again so it may be digested. if you see ENDER'S GAME on a shelf  don't let it stay there.
B00000K3UU|5.0|Sandler, the cast, and the writers do it again.  Lots of laughs and crude  humor in a movie about Sandler unofficially adopting his friend's little  boy.  After he becomes attached to him he goes to court to be his Big  Daddy.  Cast includes Joey Lauren Adams, Rob Schneider, Steve &quot;Egg  Mcmuffin&quot; Buscemi, and Allen Covert.  Big Daddy has heart and a load  of laughs, continuing in the Adam Sandler tradtion.  <br />Two places you may  want to eat after seeing Big Daddy?  McDonalds and Hooters.
0792101448|5.0|With this brilliant, epic masterpiece, Sergio Leone made not only the greatest western but the greatest film of any kind that has ever been, or ever will be made. Influences-yes, and they are obvious-High Noon, the  Searchers, Kurosawa's films--but these are all great films, right, and  Leone builts on the essential greatness of these to create his own TOTALLY  UNIQUE and incredibly powerful vision. Honestly, I have never seen anything  to match this one. Best cast, score, photography and DIRECTION ever!  A  million stars!  Please, somebody, any body, HEAR MY PLEA-release a  letterboxed, alternate-ending, DVD version of this one!  THE GREATEST  FILM OF ALL TIME!
630529142X|5.0|Adam Sandler does it again.  Continuing in the sports tradition from Happy  Gilmore, Sandler plays the &quot;Waterboy&quot; who decides he wants more  than that position in life.  He becomes the star of the football team,   goes back to school, and gains an interest in girls.  Now he has to worry  about Mama (Kathy Bates) who told him never to play &quot;foosball&quot;  and &quot;little girls are the devil&quot;.  Henry Winkler turns in a funny  performance as Sandler's Coach with an interesting tattoo of Roy Orbison.   Adam Sandler works with a great writing team and actors who keep you  laughing almost every minute.  Waterboy should have been included in the  SANDLER COLLECTION 3 pack DVD instead of Bulletproof, which was Sandler's  only weak film.  Waterboy is hilarious, which is what Sandler and his crew  does best.  &quot;HIGH QUALITY H20!!!&quot;
B000002UEB|5.0|There's no question that Mindcrime ranks as Queensryche's best, and it's easy to see why.  Geoff Tate's unmatched vocal range and style give an edge of desperation, hate, grief, and every emotion in between to the disc's 15  tracks.  In the tradition of rock operas, Mindcrime presents us with an  antihero and ultimately makes us feel for him, despite the fact that he  doesn't necessarily deserve the listener's sympathy.  Our major player  doesn't seem to know that being an assassin is wrong until he is ordered to  kill someone he loves.  It is only at that point that he begins to question  what he is doing for the &quot;cause.&quot;  He suddenly realizes that his  paranoia hasn't been unfounded and that the organization that has ordered  him to kill is now ordering for HIM to be killed.  Talk about workplace  hostility...  My personal favorites are &quot;Eyes of a Stranger&quot; and  &quot;I Don't Believe in Love.&quot;  A must for any Q-ryche fan, and a  great disc to start with if you've never tried them.
0767830555|4.0|When I first saw this, it was from flipping through the channels and I came in at the violent conclusion when Travis Bickle (De Niro) finally snaps.  I remember being surprised by the graphic violence, it being an  older film.  The story is a little dim and definitely unpleasant at times  but so is life.  I believe that the idea of a man becoming sick of crime  and filthy surroundings and has his boiling point makes sense.  See it for  yourself and try not to judge it based on bad reviews, especially Leonard  Maltin's.  De Niro was great in the film.  *Scorcese plays the nutty guy  spying on his wife.
6301236947|5.0|Let me preface my review with this sentiment:  U2 could sing the phone book and release it as a CD, and I'd buy it.  Now that you have a clear picture of my feelings for the group, let me say this:  I don't recommend  this video to everyone.  I say this because this production could have been  SO much better, could have better illustrated U2's ability to play any kind  of music they choose.  There's no question that the music is excellent, but  the actual film is lacking.  There's no real interaction of the director  and the group, and when the video was originally in theaters, it was billed  as a rockumentary.  He only talks to the group in one or two places, and  when he does, he gets nothing from Bono, which is really unusual.  I get  the sense that U2 was annoyed with his presence, and in the hands of  another director, this might have been a success.  Die-hard U2 fans (like  me) won't really care about the lack of non-musical input.  The video does  succeed in showing one simple fact:  U2 has remained successful because  they've always been willing to take a risk and explore new styles, effects,  and themes.  And it is because of that one fact that U2 will always be a  part of rock 'n roll history.  Skip this video if you're a new U2 fan;  their music today is nothing of what it was in their younger days.  If all  you listen to is newer U2 music, then this video will bore you.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is absolutely not a movie for everybody. If you're easily offended or can't read between the lines - this movie is not for you. Fight Club is really a simple, albeit captivating, story of one man's journey to  find himself. In the process, he has to fight a lot of demons - internally  and externally. Next to the Matirix, this DVD is one of the best available.  With tons of extras it is a must buy for anybody who liked the movie.
B0000024K1|5.0|Simply put, the greatest HIP HOP album ever recorded.  If you don't have this album, don't claim to like HIp HOp.
0792844890|4.0|I love sci-fi and satires so I like this film mainly for the few hilarious scenes. I'm disappointed with this DVD though. The commentary by Brooks was recorded sometime after 1994 and he doesn't have much to say. Brooks is  silent though much of the film and when he does talk, he often digresses  and talks about his film career in general. When he talks about this film  he mainly mentions names as `so-and-so' did the special effects on that.  When he is silent, the dialogue audio remains muted you can't hear  anything. The commentary track is not very interesting and I certainly  won't listen to it again. I'm surprised that the commentary was so bad  concerning his very good commentary for `Young Frankenstein'. The `making  of' documentary gives better insight into the making of the film, but it's  only about 7 minutes long. Overall, this is a DVD I have in my collection  because I like the film and not for the DVD features.
B000003B6J|5.0|I picked up this tape when I was in 4th grade right when it came out.  I still listen to it, to this day!  Nothing beats getting pulled over and blasting &quot;F--- The Police&quot;.  One of the classics!
B00003CXAT|5.0|I'll be honest, this is my favorite movie ever.  But I am somewhat biased, I've always loved dinosaurs.  But this movie, WOW!   Awesome fx, to say the very least.  I read the novel, and although there are many scenes from  the novel I wish had been put in the movie, I still loved this movie.  I  mean it had a good plot with strong, well developed characters.  I  definately recommend this movie to everyone.
0671027344|5.0|Any teenager who has not yet read &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; should do so immediately.  After reading this book the first time, I could not keep it on the shelf for long.  I had to read it a  second time and, later, a third time.  This book accurately shows the  teenage &quot;underground&quot;, the world of drugs and sex that most  parents refuse to admit exists.  It follows the freshman year of one boy,  Charlie, through letters to an unknown recipient.  Charlie makes friends  with two seniors, stepbrother and stepsister Patrick and Samantha, who  introduce him to their friends, the Rocky Horror Picture Show, and other  teenage rituals.  Charlie experiences love for Sam, sex, and drugs.  This  book, though dealing with heavy issues, should be in any teenager's book  collection.  Please read this amazing book.
0783110928|5.0|This was a very good and very sad movie about a woman who diedway too young.  Although, the focus is on her fame, money, drugaddiction, and lesbian lifestyle, you get the impression through most of the movie that she was just a little girl looking for a mother.  It was very sad when Faye Dunaway, who seemed to fulfil this need somewhat, dies, and her own mother never seems to be able to provide her with what she needs.  Still, without the drugs &amp; the lifestyle, etc., she might have overcome her insecurities.  Another story of too much, too soon, and an inability to deal with it.  Very moving.
B000002H4Q|5.0|The Cure covers a very wide variety of moods and styles on this cd. Really similar to Wild Mood Swings in the sense that it covers every part of Robert's songwriting, but the song writing is much better on this album.  The Kiss was the first song by The Cure that I've ever heard and it remains  my favorite song today by them. I love the crimson wall of anger that  Robert's screeching guitar creates. The singles on this album are  phenominally good; Catch, Why Can't I Be You?, Just Like Heaven, and Hot  Hot Hot!  They are atpyical of the stereotypical Cure, but they are great.  The Kiss, The Snakepit, Just Like Heaven, and Like Cockatoos are still  concert favorites for The Cure, so this album has its lasting power. This  is a very good beginner cd for anyone who is just starting with The Cure,  and it is great for casual fans. Also, pick up Galore for the singles from  this album.
6305508550|4.0|Every felt shafted once promotions came around? How about angst at the annual cost-cutting measures? Or perhaps you were just dead-straight ticked off at no more chocolate biscuits in the cookie tin at morning tea? Chances  are you're not alone, and in &quot;Office Space&quot; you can do something  about it too.<br />The directorial debut of &quot;Beavis &amp; Butthead&quot;  creator Mike Judge, based on his shorts &quot;Milton&quot;, this is a  wickedly biting satire that was criminally overlooked in 1999. He gets star  turns by Stephen Root (Newsradio) at Milton in the flesh, Gary Cole (A  Perfect Plan) as the annoying as hell manager of 8, and Dietrich Bader (The  Drew Carey Show) as a redneck neighbour. Jennifer Aniston is also tolerable  as the love interest.<br />Give this movie a chance and a half, if you feel  like a noose is tightening around your neck at work, you'll love how this  movie exploits it.
B00003CWL5|5.0|This movie was a great experience.  It was touching, suspenseful, and funny.  I will be a definite buyer when it gets a lower price.  This movie must be part of any legitimate film connosieur's collection.
1559409010|5.0|Monty Python shows itself to again be a truly comic and enjoyable group,as they create something that is rare and uncommon: a funny film that will forever last as the (or one of the) funniest films ever made. Chapman,  Cleese, Palin and Idle, among others, act with great ferocity and Gilliam  (with Jones) directs it with great talent. If you have a sick, dark sense  of humor and are in the mood for a laugh ( and a film that will make you  buy it the very next day of your first viewing) then this is the movie to  get.
B00003W8NM|5.0|uh...how do I start, everybody has a GREAT review for the movie.  well, I'm a &quot;14&quot; year-old &quot;GIRL&quot;, but I still think this movie is EXCELLENT!  Yeah, yeah, yeah, the violence, the bloody fights,  the swearings, the sex scenes (and sounds), but that doesn't mean it's a  bad movie as long as u know what's right and what's wrong for u.  The whole  story is just very interesting and exciting.  and Brad Pitt, Edward Norton,  and Helena Bonham-Carter are just AMAZING!  I'm totally in love with the  movie.  oh yeah! it's also VERY funny, and I mean VERY funny... ^-^ it's   just a movie I can see over and over and over again and show it to all my  friends, (and even my parent)...
B000002NC4|5.0|As I sit here and listen to the CD for the 10th time in the last week, I am amazed on how good it is.  I believe that this is one of the best CDs I own. I think it will remain in my regular rotation for years to come.   There are only 2 other CDs who have made my rotation for more than a year  or two (Stone Roses and My Bloody Valentine-Loveless).  This CD has been in  my rotation for about 6 months so far.<br />This album is almost beyond a  collection of songs, but is a work of art.  Everytime I listen to it, I  find a guitar riff that blows my mind.  I get shivers when the harmony  kicks in on &quot;Kicked it in the sun&quot;<br />BTW, this album is little  less accessible than &quot;Keep it like a secret&quot;.  So if you are not  a huge indie rock fan in the lines of Pavement, Sebadoh, Modest Mouse, etc,  get &quot;Keep it like a secret first&quot;.
B00003W8NM|5.0|If you like great packaged DVDs, then this is right up your alley.  It's  got some interesting audio commentaries (at least two of them are with  director David Fincher), a boatload of publicity (including some fake PSA's  with Ed Norton and Brad Pitt), and great behind-the-scenes segments,  wrapped up in a package that stands out from its competitors.                                    Aside from that, the movie is a rather stunning trip  that obviously isn't meant for everyone.  The performances are great, from  Brad Pitt's Tyler Durden (a sick philosopher-nihilist who turns into a  vicious carbon copy of himself),Ed Norton's troubled Narrator (who has to  deal with life while dealing with Tyler), Helena Bonham Carter's twisted  Marla, to Meat Loaf's tragic Bob.  This movie was unsettling, both visually  and verbally.  Is it a great movie that'll be remembered in 20 years?  I'm  not sure, but hopefully if it is, it'll be as a cautionary tale, not as a  &quot;cheerfully fascist big-star movie&quot;.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I feel cheated .... release the European version in the U.S., we can  handle it!  It's the only area of displeasure I have with this film.   There's almost a distinct feeling that we're on a death walk dream with  Stanley, a premonition of fate, if you will.  This exploration of obsession  has a few flaws which Kubrick may have altered, but then perhaps we're  lucky to see it in its &quot;raw&quot; state, without tampering (except for  the digital tampering deemed necessary for U.S. audiences during the  cloistered rite's orgy scene).  Go along on this final dream walk with  Kubrick ..... it haunts, but ultimately, doesn't disappoint.
B00004TL21|4.0|While this is not as intense and loud as their last album, the Deftones have nonetheless put out one of the best albums I've heard all year.  From the first single &quot;Change(in the house of flies)&quot; to their  collaboration with the lead singer of Tool for &quot;Passenger&quot;,  &quot;White Pony&quot; is one of those albums that I hoped would have been  longer.  But despite that, this is one great rock album!
6302662648|4.0|This is a pretty good &quot;spy&quot;-tech movie.  Robert Redford leads a cast of security experts: Sidney Poitier, Dan Ackroyd, River Phoenix, David Straithairn.  The crew get caught up in a series of plot twists that would  ruin the movie if I were to even begin to talk about them.  I'll just say  nothing is as it seems.  Trust me.
B00004TL21|4.0|While this is not as intense and loud as their last album, the Deftones have nonetheless put out one of the best albums I've heard all year.  From the first single &quot;Change(in the house of flies)&quot; to their  collaboration with the lead singer of Tool for &quot;Passenger&quot;,  &quot;White Pony&quot; is one of those albums that I hoped would have been  longer.  But despite that, this is one great rock album!
0792151712|4.0|The love story (most of the first half) and dialogue have garnered much criticism, and for that I shall take away a star.<br />But everything involving the great ship sinking is magnificent. I would have been  perfectly content if Cameron had written a non-love story to take place at  this time; it's irrelevant: He gets the sinking right. The special effects  are top notch; that ship is as real as real can be. The sound is riveting;  your skin will crawl as you realize what's happening. But the brilliance of  the movie lies in Cameron's picture of humanity. He shows how the various  passengers deal with the inevitable sinking of the ship. How do you face  inevitability? Some choose to go out in style, drinking wine, until they  truly *face* their death, and their eyes widen in fear. Some choose to  spend their last minutes with their loved ones. Some continue their passion  for music until the eleventh hour. Some pray for salvation. He shows the  dark side of humanity as well. Along with this expert treatment, he employs  the right camera shots and music to complement the action. The sinking of  the ship is truly awesome, in the &quot;inspiring awe&quot; sense of the  word. The second half of the movie more than makes up for the first half.
0688101364|5.0|I wish Rose was my neighbor!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney Spears really shows off her vocal talent in her new CD &quot;Ooops.. I Did It Again.&quot;  She has matured so positiviely.  From the little girl she was when she recorded &quot;Baby One More Time&quot; to  the woman she has become is extraordinary.  All the songs on this amazingly  put-together album is excellent.  I was especially impressed with  &quot;Satisfaction,&quot; &quot;Lucky,&quot; and &quot;Diary.&quot;   &quot;Diary&quot; really shows off her voice due to the orchestrated  background and the fact that she is the only one singing.   &quot;Diary&quot; is one of the prettiest songs on there and one of my  personal favorites.  I highly recommend the purchase of this CD, it is  excellent for any Britney Spears fan, or andy pop fan in general.
0688101364|5.0|I wish Rose was my neighbor!
6305363668|5.0|If I were in charge of that AFI's 100 Greatest Movies of All Time list, I  would definetly place Blade Runner at Number One.  This is the greatest  movie of any genre ever made, period!  No other film can compare with the  impact Blade Runner has had on my conciousness.  Of course, I am referring  to the Director's Cut, which I have on video.  I have seen the original  version on the Sci-Fi Channel a while back, but I kinda giggled at the  voice-over narration in the beginning (not a good sign), and I found the  original ending (made of outtakes from the opening of The Shining) really  lame.  This only makes me appreciate the Director's Cut even more.  I have  seen the Director's Cut four times (the third on New Year's Day to  celebrate the Y2K-less year 2000; the fourth a week after seeing the  original) and I still feel amazed every time.  The look of the film is  truly a sight to behold; the most beautiful depiction of a future city ever  made!  And without that dumb narration, the story about Deckard and his  assignment to retire replicants Roy Batty, Leon, Zhora and Pris draws you  in easier.  And the new ending has greater impact as the last words stick  with you as the credits role.  Love that Vangelis music score, which  enhances the feel!  No serious science fiction fan can afford to ignore  Blade Runner!  Whatever version you find, see it!
0380018179|5.0|If you are looking for a perfect summer read, something not to difficult but incredibly gripping and full of rich well-written characters then this book is for you.  You will not be able to put it down once you begin, so  plan accordingly.
6305263302|5.0|Werner Herzog's Nosferatu the Vampyre is more than just a horror movie, it is an etheral, well-crafted horror movie.  This is the way all horror movies can and should be.  Klaus Kinski is magnificent as the poor,  tortured Dracula, and Herzog did a terrific job of provoking sympathy for  the vampyre (here, Herzog follows Bram Stoker's classic novel Dracula more  closely than the otherwise excellent 1922 Nosferatu did).  Isabelle Adjani  does a lot more with her role as Lucy than most critics give her credit for  (and she is certainly dazzling here).  And the entire movie draws you in  and scares you and even makes you cry for Dracula's tragic love for Lucy.   The ending is a real eye-opener in the tradition of the best horror movie  endings.  German horror rules!  The best 107 minutes you'll spend on  watching a horror movie guaranteed!  A must for horror/fantasy and/or  Dracula/vampire movie fans!
1572522232|5.0|I think that this is by far Argento's best film and I have seen nearly all of them.  And the great news is that anchor bay, the people responsible for releasing his classics &quot;Inferno&quot;, Deep red and Tenbre are  releasing this on dvd in wide screen with extra's in 2001.
0823003035|4.0|If you're looking for anatomy lessons and short cuts (the eyes are one eye apart, the head five eyes wide sort of thing) then this is not the book for you.  If you want to learn how to draw from life, to develop the basic  techniques in tandem with a loving patience and relaxed attention, then  this book will be hard to beat.  Ryder demonstrates his method -  starting  with the &quot;envelope&quot; moving on to the &quot;block in&quot; then  finished contour, and ending with the delicate shading that give life and  mass to the drawings - with painstaking (but painless) care and wonderfully  helpful illustrations from his own work.<br />I would strongly recommend this  book with the warning that there are no shortcuts to drawing as brilliantly  as Ryder - one thing that makes this book great is that Ryder doesn't  pretend that there are any shortcuts.  He admits up front that it takes  hours of careful attention and work to get to the finished contour - which  is the outline of the figure without the shading.  But what he does give  you is a very helpful technique.  He helps with tips on judging distances,  widths, proportions, angles; he helps with shading, seeing light and dark,  building up tones.<br />Ryder is scrapping the scales of our eyes with this  book, helping us to see - ultimately the most important aspect of drawing  from life - and then showing you the best ways to get what you see on the  page. It seems assumed that you will be working from a model or at the very  least a superbly lit photograph.  I think this book, coupled with Drawing  on The Right Side of The Brain, would make an at-home-art-course that would  be hard to beat.
068816689X|4.0|Edith Hahn's story is surprisingly well written for an amateur; she is not self-censoring as far as one can make out.  She tells the truth about her family, their life in Vienna where her parents run a restaurant, her happy  childhood memories and focus on boys; her irritation with one sister who  was self-pitying and unhappy.  She is smart as a whip, gets into the law  faculty of Vienna's university and almost graduates as one of the top law  students - except that the Anschluss arrives before she takes her final  exams.  Her boyfriend, a &quot;Mischling&quot; (halfJew) is witty and  wonderful and a perfect companion, but in the end, he betrays her and  favors his gentile mother who lives in fear of the Jews and their coming  near her son, after the Jewish father dies.  She stays, in fact, well past  the point of safe passage out of the Third Reich principally because of  him.  She winds up on an asparagus farm with other Jewish women doing  dreadful and miserable farm work.  Next, she's transfered to a  cardboard-box factory.  She gets out of there by feigning a return to  Vienna to join her mother in a mandatory transport to Poland, but on the  train she rips off the yellow star and returns to Vienna as an undercover  Gentile. She gets false papers from a family friend/doctor, then uses them  to get to Munich, where she lives with a family and helps them run a  home-based tailoring business.  That's how she meets her first husband, a  German working in an airplane factory as a painter.  She does love him to  some extent, but mainly she sees marriage to this rather off-balance  traditional man as a way to stay safe during the war.  As a hausfrau, she's  got the perfect disguise, and they have a child.  He is drafted and sent to  Russia, winds up in a POW camp in Siberia.  She winds up alone with the  child in Brandenburg after the war, and the Russians are there.  She tries  to pull strings to get him out early.  He suddenly appears in their  doorway, by which time she is now working as a judge in dealing with family  law cases.  Her salary is good, she is secure, and her husband balks at his  sudden relegation to unemployment and a wife who doesn't darn his socks and  who expects that he might pick up the fish for dinner.  He explodes, hits  her violently in front of the child, and disappears, ultimately rejoining  his first wife.  Our heroine gets out of East Germany and takes off for  England.  Whew!  There, I think I gave away the plot more or less.But  commentary:  she is honest, tells her own opinion and reveals the little  slips and errors that somehow save her.  She is very well-educated for a  woman of her time, speaking and writing English and French.  She abhors the  thought of her mother working as a maid, cleaning up for Germans. If you  read a lot of the Holocaust literature written by women, most had had  Gentile maids and could not imagine doing such work, nor did they know how  to do it.  If they were lucky enough during the war to be assigned to such  a job, instead of a labor camp, they felt so enraged and humiliated, as  well as inept and helpless in the work, that it becomes a major focus in  the writing.  I find it an interesting detail that male biographies and  diaries do not mention.  It was also because of Germany's pro-natalist  policy that she does so well as a mother and housewife.  One of the great  shocks for her is a chance acquaintance in a park when a gentleman joins  her in a walk, spontaneously.  The time is after the war.  He is a Jew, he  reveals, and they are both &quot;u-boots&quot; who managed to swim under  the surface during the war.  He tells her that he could recognize  immediately that she was Jewish.  She is astounded in retrospect that the  Germans she lived amongst couldn't recognize her typical Jewish features.   She doesn't speculate as to an answer, but I can guess that many Germans  were trained to hate Jews through propaganda yet in their everyday lives  had little real contact with them, and never really studied their features.   In a city with many Jews, such as Vienna, there was much higher  recognition, of course.  I remember that in my years living in Germany, no  one recognized me as an Irishman, in spite of reddish hair, freckles, blue  eyes and all other typical features of a &quot;mick&quot;.  In the USA or  Canada, England or Australia, they know.  In Germany, they thought I was an  American whose parents were German but who had neglected to teach me the  language properly.This is a story &quot;mit Happy=end&quot; as they say.   She moved to Israel after the death of her second husband and lives  contentedly there with her daughter, Angela, daughter of a Nazi officer.  I  would recommend this book to all who appreciate honesty and a female  educated perspective.
B000000FG8|5.0|Without a doubt the finest Punk Rock album of all time
B00000064G|2.0|I bought this CD in the expectation of being blown away by melancholy grace.  (No, I had not seen the Volkswagen commercial, but I had read reams of reviews and comments.) The album, in fact, is slight.  The songs are not  concise--they're simply short (and some are simply inchoate).  And the  melancholy is vague and unpersuasive.  I will stick with Belle and  Sebastian.
B000001ELF|5.0|I'm a loyal Kiss fan who loves all lineups of Kiss, even when they were stuck with Vinnie Vincent and Mark St. John. But Ace Frehley will always be known as &quot;Kiss's guitarist,&quot; and for good reason. This was really  the only solo Kiss album I cared to buy at first, mainly for the song  &quot;New York Groove.&quot; I didn't expect the rest of the album to be  this great! &quot;Rip It Out&quot; makes you wanna get up and jam, and be  careful when you listen to &quot;Speedin' Back To My Baby&quot; in the car,  'cuz you might get a lead foot! Definitely far superior to Paul's solo  effort and even a little better than Gene's, (still haven't heard Peter's  yet!) this album is definitely worth the money to any Kiss fan or any fan  of good hard rock.  -- John
B00004RHZU|3.0|I originally bought this CD for the one song that gets radio play 'There You Go' but after I heard a few of the other tunes I was impressed. I love her attitude and style. She's got a sort of raunchiness about her- which I  find HOT!  It may be pop and I am not usually a fan of pop but, this is the  perfect album to get rid of boy-blues. There is a song to fit every  scenario. Need some confidence- track 2 and 4 are perfect. Can't find the  words- Hiccup is just what you need. Not all tracks are worth much- but the  handfull you get are worth the 15 bucks.
B00004TL21|4.0|uhh its not as good as the other 2 albums but not bad....
B00004T8RK|5.0|Pearl Jam will definitely come out of this musical generation as a classic,legends, however you'd like to call them.  After landmark albums like their debut &quot;Ten&quot;, &quot;Vitalogy&quot;, and others, they  still are able to put out incredibly powerful albums like this one.  Having  Matt Cameron as their drummer for this album helps as well, because he is  one of the best drummers of this generation.  Their sound on this album  changes with almost every song, and I especially enjoy the unique  &quot;Soon Forget&quot;, which has Vedder singing along with a ukelele.   Personal favorites of mine from this album are &quot;Light Years&quot;,  &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot;, the drifty &quot;Of the Girl&quot; and the  last track &quot;Parting Ways&quot;, which nicely ends the album with the  words &quot;drifting away...&quot;.  Pearl Jam has yet again proved that  they are one of the most creative and talented bands out there to date, so  buy this album and you will be amazed once more.
0761119752|5.0|If you have to read a book over and over like I do  to my 2 year old, this is THE book! We both love to sing and dance along with the animals and it has added an interesting twist to choosing her pjs each night. We have only  had the book a few weeks, but she already has most of it memorized and  reads along with me. My husband loves the book too and does a great rap  song rendition which really cracks my daughter up. A lot of fun. I highly  recommend.
0446604844|4.0|I liked the book. It wasn't as good as The Simple Truth in my eyes but it kept my interest. Good characters in Sidney,Jason, and Sawyer. If you like Balduccis other work you'll enjoy it. I also think if you like Sandford,  Grisham, or Martini you should try to read it.
630589938X|5.0|Cujo was very close to the book, and it was a good movie. It had pretty good special effects for a movie made in 1983. It had good actiung too. A great performance by Danny Pintauro and Dee wallace.
047158651X|3.0|this is, like, the most boring book I've ever read. I totally liked the Harry Potter books and the Narnia books, too. But, this book... first of all, it makes no sense, and it's like it doesn't even try to be engaging  and pull me into a world all my own, filled with fantasy and all that good  stuff that really makes me fly. Got any &quot;snow&quot;?
B000021XS0|5.0|Simply the greatest musical masterpiece ever composed.  Thisalbum is &quot;musical crack&quot; and you will be SO addicted afterhearing it a few times, even if you have never heard Dream Theater.<br />I have been a DT fan since 1989 and they have released nothing but absolute masterpieces.  Never in a million years, I thought I would hear something more refreshing, stimulating, intelligent and rockin' as &quot;Images and Words&quot;.  However, &quot;Scenes From a Memory&quot; went beyond all expectations and I am still spellbound by the beauty, complexity and perfection of this album. (edit)<br />Do yourself a favor...GET THIS CD and SEE THESE GUYS LIVE!  The are simply the greatest and most talented musicians to have ever graced this earth (No disrespect to Rush and a few select others).
B00000JCOV|5.0|If you come back home from school or work or something this cd helps me get the anger out. Ever single song is fast-pasted. If you dont like this CD, you need to get your head cheaked.
B00000J0O2|5.0|This toner is great. I have had the printer for 5 years and this is the first time I've had to replace the toner...and I don't scrimp on printing. I print checks, graphics, letters, reports, etc. I am very pleased with the  quality and quantity.
B000002LK1|5.0|Any and every Depeche Mode fan must have this album.  There is no bad song, and you are swept away by the dark and smooth tones to the songs.  A few tracks that stand out are 'Personal Jesus', 'Sweetest Perfection', and   'World in my Eyes'.  Buy this album; you won't regret it.
B00004SPYJ|5.0|The best version of Shakespeare's classic love tragedy, Romeo and Juliet, is through Franco Zeffirelli's perspective.  Casting two very talented and beautitful people to play Romeo and Juliet turns the movie into another  dimension!  The movie keeps its true beauty and masterpiece (it's scene  takes place in the &quot;same&quot; time period which helps the emotional  response).  This film is true genius work!  Even if you've seen it before.   Watch it again!
0385484518|4.0|It's amazing, we live in a world that is so into death anddying.  Being able to look past the norm and find out what reallymatters is what's infront of you moment to moment.  That is how Morrie lived his life.  He wasn't going to let a disease kill him off before he dies.<br />Morrie thought everyday people who lived their lives running around always living in the future were missing what and who they really were.  They would miss experiences and people that could have been influential to their lives.  He thrived on love.  Love is what kept him around. He believed in being with the person you're with, moment to moment.  That is why I recommend this book.  Living in a world of always racing around to the next thing not appreciating what you really have.  Morrie taught you how to appreciate life ...
6300215954|5.0|Loved this atypical John Wayne movie. Howard Hawks deserves praise for showing an appreciation for these beautiful African animals.  I'm glad there is no hunting or slaughter of these magnificent creatures in this  lighthearted, endearing movie.  Henry Mancini's score is excellent and  funny too.  The whole family will enjoy seeing this delightful gem of a  movie! <br />By the way, as a video retailer myself, I can also tell you that  this is one of our most popular titles sold. You should check it out!
B00004TL21|4.0|White Pony is an awesome album!  The Deftones have done another great job!
B00004SCX6|3.0|The album, I don't think, would be all that bad if 3/4 of the songs didn't sound so much alike.  Maybe if the songs varied a little bit I would like this album more.  Britney still has a lot of time to learn.  Not half bad!
B00004U2N5|5.0|Erin Brokovich is a true based story. Julia Roberts plays a fenomenal rol as Erin Brokovich and makes the viewer feel the same way as her. Her tough, fascinating and seductive personality makes us laugh during all the film.  This is Julia`s best rol in many years. It is a drama with lots of fun.  This movie will move everybody because of its powerful message that won`t  leave anybody indifferent. Erin has a special charisma that makes every  single person like her although she is rude and uses bad language. She is  the new hero of the 20th century. This is a movie that anyone can miss.
B00003CXFV|5.0|Julia Roberts shows her acting abilities in &quot;Erin Brockovich&quot;.   It sets itself apart from other court room dramas.  It will make you laugh  out loud and gives hope that there are still those that are willing to  fight for what is right.
B000000993|5.0|Often overlooked against the intimidating monolith of sound and complexity that was &quot;Aenima&quot;, this album really does deserve more praise and critical acclaim. Whilst refining the raw and aggressive sound that  trademarked the &quot;Opiate&quot; EP, this album saw all the essential  elements of Tool forged together to produce a lean, frightening and thought  -provoking album, all the while showing a marked progression and maturity  for the band.<br />Best remembered for the single &quot;Sober&quot;, it is  some of the lesser known tracks on this album that really point toward the  sound and direction that would appear on &quot;Aenima&quot;. Songs like  &quot;Prison Sex&quot;, &quot;Swamp Song&quot;, and the awesome  collaboration with Henry Rollins on &quot;Bottom&quot; hint at the future  direction and sound of the band. The most outstanding aspect of this album  however, is the incredible use of &quot;Loud-Soft&quot; dynamics on  display, which only serves to add more intensity and razor-edged tension to  the delivery. Maynards voice is at one minute an almighty roar, followed by  a near whispered hush, yet all the while retaining a fear, mistrust and  vulnerability that only adds to the overall power of the sound. An  excellent album by a band reaching the height of their powers.
B00003CWRX|4.0|Michael Mann has directed so many great films--The Last of the Mohicans  and my personal favorite, Heat (also with Pacino)--was finally acknowledged  for his work with this fantastic piece of film about a whistle-blower who  has information that would expose big trouble for Big Tobacco.<br />Al Pacino  is convincing yet again as 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergman, and should  have switched spots in the Nominations chair at the Oscars and all those  other fake Awards shows with Russell Crowe's in many ways equal performance  as insider Jeffrey Wigand.  The real acting that should have been  recognized in this movie is Christopher Plummer's dead-on impersonation of  60 Minutes anchor Mike Wallace, whose towering, booming voice dominates  this movie.<br />There are three reasons the unknowing viewer would not watch  this riveting movie: It's length (160 mins.), it's subject matter (smoking  and TV journalism) and dramatic tone.  For one, although somewhat  slow-paced, this movie would hold interest for mostly anybody who is ready  to sit down and watch a movie.  Secondly, this film is not about the  tobacco industry or TV journalism.  It is about one man's struggle to come  out and admit to the entire country that he has wrongfully with-held  evidence that he knows and so does everyone else who works at these places  that tobacco contains toxins that will kill you.  Thirdly, this movie is a  thriller, keeping you, like I said, on the edge if you hold an interest  through the movie.  If you are a fan of any of the actors, of the CBS  television news show or interested in the subject matter, none of these  will be a problem.  Sit back, relax, and get involved in this film because  if you do, it will prove to be an excellent movie experience.<br />DVD extras,  like every other Disney-released DVD, are minimal.  There is a 7-minute  &quot;documentary&quot;--I don't know what you'd call it but it isn't  that--but holds some interest because it shows some interviews with theactors and the real Lowell Bergman and Jeffrey Wigand.  There's also an  &quot;Inside a Scene&quot; feature that would be so much more rewarding had  they done the same for the entire movie, and also a great preview.  The  anamorphic 2.35:1 transfer ratio of the DVD is pleasing, yet clarity is  sometimes dimmed.  This movie is a smart buy as it is a great movie that is  worth your money and viewing.
B000000H57|5.0|Without a doubt their masterpiece. Despite the fact that it is sometimes referred to as their most commercial album, it really is a beautiful and haunting collection of songs. Make no mistake, &quot;Bloody Kisses&quot;  and &quot;World Coming Down&quot; are brilliant albums in their own right,  but for me this is the one that delivers the goods. The harmonies and  ethereal atmosphere on this album is breathtaking in it's complexity, yet  is so easy to listen to. The guitars are ever present and up-front, yet  they are never harsh and abrasive, nor do they seem to dominate the  preceedings. Peter Steele's vocals on this album are about the best that he  has ever done, and it's a testimony to the skill and virtues of the band  that they can take a Neil Young song like &quot;Cinnamon Girl&quot;, slap  it in the middle of an album like this, and remarkably, it doesn't sound  ridiculous or out of place whatsoever.<br />This is a perfect album for just  laying back, closing your eyes and letting it take you wherever you want,  (or it wants) to go. I find it amusing that this band is so readily  labelled as a morbid and dark goth band, yet there are so many shades of  light within their music. And like all really good bands, there is  contradiction within each of their albums to some extent. And in a way that  has always been the point with TON, they always keep it interesting and  lively for their fans, and most importantly of all never take themselves  too seriously in the process. And they are all the more powerful for  it.<br />For many modern bands, particularly those at the heavier and more  alternate end of the scale, their always seems to be an attitude and  importance placed on (albeit mostly by the media), who is the fastest,  heaviest, loudest, angriest, etc etc etc. It is refreshing and extremely  rewarding to hear an album of this calibre, where the most important thing  is the sound you hear in your head, not what you were told was supposed to  be good or fashionable at the time. From the opening piano burst on  &quot;Love you to Death&quot; right through to the final choir-like cries  on &quot;Haunted&quot;, this album will thrill you, chill you and keep you  coming back for more.
B00003CX5A|3.0|Tim Burton's Sleepy Hollow is a good film with great special effects and visuals, along with another terrific score by Danny Elfman.  On the other side it's confusing at times (depending on how much you are willing to pay  attention), and has less-than-convincing, out of this world characters.   I'll admit both of those things can't be all that bad, but when put into a  film about the Headless Horseman (the film's best performance by  Christopher Walken), the substance doesn't measure up to its hype.   Burton's films are always hit-or-miss, for example hits: Beetlejuice,  Batman, Edward Scissorhands; to misses: Mars Attacks! and Batman Returns.   But this film truly is a road less travelled and winds up in the middle of  hit-and-miss, somewhat with a final outcome of mediocre.  On a positive  note, the film does have surprising scenes of humor, and on an even bigger  upside, the beheadings in the film are more humorous than gory and violent.   That part that is gory is the aftermath, and you'll know what I mean.   Christina Ricci was good in this movie, both in her looks and performance.   In the long run see it before you buy it, otherwise you may conclude that  you spent twenty dollars on a film that is worth the price of rental.
B00004T9UF|5.0|my name is kasey miles from Knoxville,Tennessee. I went out and bought the new cd Marshall Mathers LP. I really like this cd alot. It has great lyrics. Alot of them i can relate to.I have both cd's know and I really  like marshall's music alot.I think his music and DR.DRE's is alot alike. In  some ways. THose to rappers are really all that I like. I can relate to a  bunch of the lyrics In marshall's cd's. And it takes alot to get up on  stage and sing about your life. And I greatly appreciate marshall for doing  that. Thats what makes me like alot of his music.He sings about all of the  real stuff and he doesn't front. I hope that he keeps on rapping and comes  out with another album. Keep your head up marshall and keep working hard.
B00000JCOV|3.0|I guess it aint too bad. Alot of drums but weak guitars. Alot of swearing but not a real threat. They overdo the swearing too much.  I like the idea behind the masks but that's it. They might even be a bunch of nerds feeling neglected behind those masks. They're like Kiss, with a big edge. The  frontman almost mumbles. I suggest you to buy Korn if you're into hard  metal with eerie lyrics that does make sense....
B00004THAY|5.0|I am a longtime Clapton fan and have been listening to BB for a few years now; my expectations for this CD were not nearly high enough. It is wonderful, I can't hear it enough. There are no &quot;clinkers&quot; on the  disc. Heaven has come to the CD deck; now, if they will just tour together  a bit this summer in support of this effort, it will come to my  neighborhood!  This is TOPS, without a doubt!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD was an awesome mix of rap and rock.  With all those catchy lyrics like &quot;I did it all for the nookie&quot;, or &quot;It's just one of those days when you don't wanna wake up, everyone's .....&quot;
B000001ESP|5.0|THE BAND: Geddy Lee (bass, moog, synth), Alex Lifeson (electric and acoustic guitars), Neil Peart (drums, gong, bells, glockenspiel, chimes, and other assorted percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1981) 7 songs clocking in at approximately 40 minutes. This digitally remastered version released in 1997. Included with the disc is a 3-page foldout containing song credits, lyrics, original album art pictures, and thank you's. All music by Lee and Lifeson (except the instrumental \\"YYZ\\" by Lee and Peart). All lyrics by Peart. Recorded at Le Studio in Morin-Heights, Quebec. Label - Mercury.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Arguably this is Rush's best album. Polished, slick, professional, masterful. It's a beautifully crafted album... from song writing, musicianship, and production in the back room. Commercial on one side (side-A); and deep enriching album tracks that you'll never hear on the radio on the other (side-B). In one of Geddy Lee's interviews he stated that \\"Tom Sawyer\\" started out as an exercise with sound effects. Geddy Lee in his ultimate wisdom turned a hunt & peck typing lesson into an  international hit. \\"Red Barchetta\\" is a great song with a great  melody - but more interesting are the lyrics & story (a young boy dreaming of racing his uncle's old car). \\"Limelight\\" is a tremondous hit and the lyrics deal with being able to handle the stardom that comes with being a rock star (or otherwise be alienated). The 11 minute \\"Camera Eye\\", followed by \\"Witch Hunt\\", and \\"Vital Signs\\" make up side-B of the album and are typical Rush deep album tracks. The previous album \\"Permanent Waves\\" (1980) gave the band their first global hit in \\"The Spirit Of The Radio\\", however Rush's first global record was \\"Moving Pictures\\". This album is easily one of their best releases (others being \\"2112\\", \\"Permanent Waves\\" and \\"Signals\\"). A classic disc in the Rush catalog (5 stars).
B00004TL21|5.0|This cd is awesome. It was well worth the long wait. If your a fan of the deftones loud mosh music, you will be well surprised. It may not be the regular deftone sound but the amazing lyrics make up for it. But it isn't  completly soft. The song elite makes up the loudest track on the cd. It is  an amazing cd and every that is a fan of the deftones or KoRn or tool  should like it.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd is one of the best.  This guys are sooo cute and funny and every thing else.  The videos from this album are soo funny.  With songs like What's My Age Again, Adam's Song, and All The Small Things, this cd has it  all.  Plus, it's enhanced so it's even better!  You will love this cd, I  guarentee it!  Happy listening!~chillinwu2
B00003CWRX|5.0|The Insider from Micheal Mann is a mesmorizing examination of the 60 Minutes report that took down the tobacco industry.  Altough not all of it may to accurate it is an absolutely engrossing film that never has a dull  moment.  Russell Crowe gave the best performance of the year as Wigand a  man whose life gets turned upside down when he speaks out about Big  Tobacco.  Al Pacino is also solid as the 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergman  who wants the piece to air but has trouble convincing the CBS execs.  Another standout is Christopher Plummer as Mike Wallace.  He embodies  Wallace completely right down to his hand gestures.   This was a film that  was overlooked at the box office, but take the opprotunity to see it on the  small screen.
B00004TL21|5.0|Bye this cd! The deftones have reached there peak in their music careers! They havee better sound then the red hot chilli peppers! Bye this cd and you wont be disapoited!
B000001IPL|5.0|It's not hard to see why this was a breakout CD: Containing 14 slamming tracks that keeps the music ethic, and leaves you beggin for more.       Every now and then I get into dumpy moods. Smash is perfect for when you  want to make it worse. And there are no bad tracks on here. Just hearing,  &quot;You stupid dums**t, godamn, motherf**ker.&quot; is worth the money.                Smash is a wild ride in which only the strong will survive.
B00004TL21|5.0|Bye this cd! The deftones have reached there peak in their music careers! They havee better sound then the red hot chilli peppers! Bye this cd and you wont be disapoited!
B000002B7M|5.0|When Ozzy went solo he took a gamble by creating a brash new &quot;Balls to the wall&quot; sound that would put Black Sabbath six feet under... He hit the jackpot.<br />      This CD is a true titan that turned its songs into  anthems. (Crazy Train being undoubtedly the best.) Randy Rhoads had  perfected what Ozzy started, and he will never be surpassed.<br />      This  album will live on forever. Accept no imitations, this is centerpiece of  metal.
B00004SCX6|3.0|I really liked the first album on this album i heard 6 songs on this album and on the first hearing i said god the songs are so bad i only liked &quot;oops i did it again&quot; after several hearings i started liking it  a bit u need to get use to it all i can say that the 1st album rox and she  had to put a litlle beat like the first album on this album
0312243022|5.0|The Hours is a true masterpiece, a modern sequel to Virginia Woolf's &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot;. It's as if Virginia Woolf was reincarnated through Mr. Cunningham. Absolutely spell binding. I didn't want this book  to end. If you love Virginia Woolf, then you have to read this book!
B000031XCR|4.0|I've this album on tape i recorded it for 1 reason &quot;that's the way it is&quot; but what can i say this album is cool for one who never liked celine's songs i didn't really like the christmas songs
B00004TL21|4.0|As expected, the deftones have mellowed out a bit on this cd, although they still retain their sound.  I was hopping for more outburts of rage...but i can live without it.  If you liked  Be Quiet and Drive or  Mascara check it out, if not, keep away...
B00004T1YD|4.0|Its good for a single, 3 tracks rock. It would have been better if it had one of the non-album tracks from SUL. But, like I said, the fact that it has 3 tracks makes it up {Sorta} If your a collector, buy this for sure, if  you dont care, just buy the SUL album.
B00004SYWZ|2.0|I'm trying to be as kind as possible here. Yes, Harket has an amazing voice. Yes, their first two albums were fantastic and the third was so-so. But after their messy 90s albums, things would never be the same as a-ha  limped into Adult-lite-rock territory. <br />This is a shame, because  obviously there's talent being wasted. If Savoy's last album was any  indication, this new a-ha album could have been great. But, like all of  their previous albums (with the possible exception of the beautiful   &quot;Scoundrel Days) the band had to bow down to the demands of record  companies and music trends. How else would you explain the decade old  beats, the limp remake of &quot;Velvet,&quot; the metalic production that  makes the album sound more 1990 than 2000?<br />Sigh.<br />Minor Album, Major  Dissapointment
0767824571|4.0|When I first saw MP&amp;tHG several years ago, I didn't get it; however,  after a little more aging and more exposure to all things Python, I can  safely say that this is one of the best farces I've seen.  All the Pythons  do a good job, but John Cleese really outdoes himself; almost every  character he plays is very funny (especially the French guard with the  smart mouth).  The animations are great as well.<br />I would have given  MP&amp;tHG 5 stars, but it does have its weaknesses.  It's definitely  uneven; it's hilarious when it's funny and almost awful when it's bad.  The  sheer absurdity of everything that goes on in the movie can turn off some  viewers, and the gratuitous (if obviously fake) blood could lead to  re-visiting of the most recent meal.  If you don't &quot;get&quot; British  humor, then I strongly suggest that you avoid MP&amp;tHG; if, however, you  like a nice shrubbery and can quickly recover from being turned into a  newt, then this is for you.
B00004SYWZ|2.0|I'm trying to be as kind as possible here. Yes, Harket has an amazing voice. Yes, their first two albums were fantastic and the third was so-so. But after their messy 90s albums, things would never be the same as a-ha  limped into Adult-lite-rock territory. <br />This is a shame, because  obviously there's talent being wasted. If Savoy's last album was any  indication, this new a-ha album could have been great. But, like all of  their previous albums (with the possible exception of the beautiful   &quot;Scoundrel Days) the band had to bow down to the demands of record  companies and music trends. How else would you explain the decade old  beats, the limp remake of &quot;Velvet,&quot; the metalic production that  makes the album sound more 1990 than 2000?<br />Sigh.<br />Minor Album, Major  Dissapointment
B00004TL21|4.0|This is definitely something of a change, and yet not.  It's definitely the Deftones, but their sound is more refined, as if they took their time with each song on this album.  Good stuff.  Listen to the album around 4 or  5 times, and you'll love it.
B00000J6AG|3.0|I can see how a CD like this could be a revelation to anyone who is not familiar with ambient music or electronica.  Moby has put together a solid block of excellent pieces with &quot;Play&quot;.  Trouble is, to a certain  extent, it's all been done before. Sure, it's neat that Moby borrows vocal  tracks from diverse sources and fuses them to awesome electronic treatments  (not to mention exemplary keyboard and guitar work), but Eno and Byrne did  the same thing back in 1982 with &quot;My Life in the Bush of Ghosts&quot;  (which is more interesting and challenging - with far more musical tension  - than Moby's &quot;Play&quot;).  Moby's ambient pieces are also great  (sometimes sounding like a sort of Eno/Yanni hybrid) but I prefer a tad  more &quot;bas relief&quot; in my musical wallpaper (such as, for example,  the &quot;Passengers&quot; soundtracks CD featuring Bono &amp; the Edge and  - for truly great ambience - Eno's &quot;Music for Films&quot;).  Finally,  Moby's &quot;quasi-underground rave rap&quot; numbers are sort of cool but,  once again, you'll find far more interesting hunting for such beasties on  Eno's 1992 effort &quot;Nerve Net&quot; and others like it.  In short, I  was somewhat disappointed that I immediately liked this CD.  I prefer to be  challenged, initially, and then over time learn to love a new sounding  approach to music.  Don't get me wrong - there is some great stuff on this  CD.  I was just hoping for more.
B00003OSU4|5.0|A great Film, my only dissapointment was the ommision of theDuke Ellington set, closing the actual event. This is an art film, thecinemaphotography is outstanding. The use of shape and light is masterful. Musical Highlights that ARE included in my opinion, are Anita O'Day, Louis Armstrong, Mahalia Jackson, and Monk.<br />If you are a (open minded!) jazz fan, and a art genre fan this is the film you have been waiting for!<br />DVD Info: Excellent color and sharpness. Audio is in Dolby Digital Mono. Crisp clear tone. Extras include a complete playlist for all three days of the festival. An interview with Bert Stern (both text and audio) with accompanying documentary imagery relating to Mr. Stern's other works mentioned in interview. Much insightful discussion about the planning, filming and post production of the film. Very fascinating and well worth the price. <br />Now, it may be me, but it seems that i noticed some brief segments of footage in the DVD release that i never noticed on my VHS copy. But im not running the VHS again to check, this DVD is so much better!
0140186409|4.0|I did not expect to like this book because I hated Of Mice and Men, but I really liked it a lot.  Although slow at times, I thought the way that the plot was layed out, and the strange inter-chapters were intrigueing.  The  story was extremely believable, and I found myself wanting to know what  would happen to the Joads next.<br />This is truly a great piece of American  literature.  I'm glad I was forced to read it in English! :)
B000003TAW|5.0|This has been in my cd collection since it first came out, and It's still one of my favorites. It gets very addictive, and it's the sort of thing you can put on the stereo, listen to over and over again, and sing along. The 3  big hits aren't quite as appealing as they were when I first bought it, but  they're still very good. &quot;My Name Is Jonas&quot;, &quot;In The  Garage&quot;, and the closer &quot;only in dreams&quot; are some of my  favorites, but I love every song on here. &quot;Only In Dreams&quot; is the  longest song on here (about 8 and a half minutes if I'm right), but  absolutely none of it drags on, and the whole build up effect that occurs  near the end is stunning. I don't have Pinkerton yet, mostly because I've  had to buy this album a total of 3 times. Once on tape, once on cd, and  once on cd again when I let my sister borrow it and it got lost. I'll get  Pinkerton later when the self titled album has been in my possession for a  fair amount of time, unless someone suddenly invents something to replace  the cd player or something.
B00004T8RK|4.0|There are two breeds of Pearl Jammers.  The ones that like TEN and those of us that love PEARL JAM.  I, personally think every album has gotten bigger and better.  My only regret is that some of the albums are too  short.  Binaural catches a much more refined and aged Pearl Jam.   Congratulations to the best sounding and touring band in the world.  If you  are unimpressed then buy another copy of TEN and stay in the dark ages.   Great talent has to expand and for that I commend them with all my heart.   Please keep up the great work...you are the best!    Thanx for the ride.
0792156684|5.0|What a great way to make a story. TITANIC the story of the worlds largest ship in the world which strucks an iceburg and sinks to it's death. The love story in the movie didn't happen at all, but the idea of having one  was such a great idea. Set during 1912 leaving off the shores of  &quot;Liverpool&quot; and heading for &quot;New York City&quot;. The  special effects are breathtaking, and it makes you feel like you are also  on the ship while it sinks! Many people didn't like the story of this film  because of the love story, but I thought it was a wonderful idea because  who would want to see a movie that already knows whats going to happen at  the end, so this way when you add a love story it's something that you look  forward to, to see what happens to them at the end. 5 stars all the way!
B00004T8RK|4.0|There are two breeds of Pearl Jammers.  The ones that like TEN and those of us that love PEARL JAM.  I, personally think every album has gotten bigger and better.  My only regret is that some of the albums are too  short.  Binaural catches a much more refined and aged Pearl Jam.   Congratulations to the best sounding and touring band in the world.  If you  are unimpressed then buy another copy of TEN and stay in the dark ages.   Great talent has to expand and for that I commend them with all my heart.   Please keep up the great work...you are the best!    Thanx for the ride.
6303168507|5.0|Schindler's List is the most emotionally shattering movie I've seen. It deserved every award it got. Everything in this movie is perfect: the acting, the music, the stark b&amp;w cinematography, everything. I'm 16  years old and I love dramatic movies. They're my kind of movies because  they're rewarding. Schindler's List is one of the most rewarding of all  movies, a must for everyone who loves great movies.
B000002UB3|5.0|I've owned this album in several forms over the years - album, 8 track, cassette, and now CD.  This really is a must-have, don't let your collection be without it.
6305627401|5.0|This movie is purely outrageous.  I have never actually watched the show, so I was thinking that the movie would be terrible, but I was very suprised.  First of all, this movie insults every race and lifestyle there  is.  But it does it in such a hillarious way that it is hard not to bust  out laughing.  You would think a movie like this is dumb, but it is  actually very intelligently written, tackling many political and social  issues that face our world today.  The movie also tells us not to take all  these issues seriously, and laugh about them.<br />You won't like this movie  if you easily insulted, because no matter who you are, this movie WILL poke  fun at you.  Just relax for 2 hours and enjoy its rudeness.<br />Highly  Reccomended and suprisingly intelligent.
B00004THAY|5.0|I just popped this thing in my PCs DVD drive and I can't even move. Can you imagine Eric and B.B. playing together back during Slow Hand's Disraeli Gears days? Kind of like Steve Ray and Jimi jammin' some. The good thing  is, B.B, and Eric survived and are still around, so we get to hear them. I  can't even move. I just want to play this thing again.
B00004U8JU|5.0|Jurassic Park  is a very original film. It was the first of it's kind, followed by many poor imitations (uch as greed and 21 after Who Wants To be A Millionair?) The special effects are incredibe. You will believe the dinosours are in the same world as these people. Evan though this fil is  fiction Spielberg maneges to bring a realism to it that will make you  belive dinosours exist and can be created through Dna. At the time I'm  writing this, the dvd has not yet been released but of the special features  listed I can tell this will be an incredible dvd. We all know them movies  great. When there is a great movie it's always fun to watch behind the  scenes stuff which this is packed with. It also has DTS sound, which is  Digital Theater Sound. It will be incredible. You'll here dinos roaring  from behind you, from infront of you. I think you'll want to pause this  film and lock your doors. Everyone preorder this dvd today..
B00000J7JO|5.0|I finally decided to write all those reviews I never did so Amazon will stop reccomending albums I already have, so...<br />RHCP are mainly known as a Funk band. I have Uplift Mofo Party Plan, and it certainly shows lots, and  lots of Funk. Over the years, RHCP started losing the Funk edge. In Blood  Sugar Sex Magik there was planty of funk, yet songs like Under The Bridge  showed it slowly drifting away. One Hot Minute was even less Funk-oriented.  Californication came out big. Great songs, Scar Tissue, californication,  Otherside. Yet ironically all those songs are, :gulp: not Funk based! Yea,  Funk still lives in RHCP, but it just isn't good. Around the World is a  nice Funk song, but it gets old. They used to play it on the radio, now it  is dead. Songs like &quot;Get on Top&quot; are just really cheesey. So the  question is: Soft Rock as it is now or old Funk? Yea, Funk was nice, but  thi salbum certainly is great lacking Funk, so I give it five stars.<br />Eric
B0000035E7|5.0|Bleach is an unusual CD. It is right smack in between two time periods for the band. It is between the early days (Where Incesticide came from.) And the breakthrough years (Nevermind.) It has a mix of intense, metal  crunching music such as Paper Cuts, Scoff, and Big Cheese, more Hardcore  music like Negative Creep and School, and more down to earth stuff, like  About a girl and Bleach. If you like Nirvana get this CD, to put it  lightly. It is worth it!<br />Eric
B00000J7JO|5.0|(edit) RHCP are mainly known as a Funk band. I have Uplift MofoParty Plan, and it certainly shows lots, and lots of Funk. Over theyears, RHCP started losing the Funk edge. In Blood Sugar Sex Magik there was planty of funk, yet songs like Under The Bridge showed it slowly drifting away. One Hot Minute was even less Funk-oriented. Californication came out big. Great songs, Scar Tissue, californication, Otherside. Yet ironically all those songs are, :gulp: not Funk based!  Yea, Funk still lives in RHCP, but it just isn't good. Around the World is a nice Funk song, but it gets old. They used to play it on the radio, now it is dead. Songs like &quot;Get on Top&quot; are just really cheesey. So the question is: Soft Rock as it is now or old Funk? Yea, Funk was nice, but thi salbum certainly is great lacking Funk, so I give it five stars.<br />Eric
B000000993|4.0|Undertow in my opinion doesn't compare to Aenima and Opiate. Aenima is truly the best album in a long, long time. Tool's &quot;art metal&quot; mixed with a little bit of synth sounding music. Opiate is a more solid  metal album, like Jerk-Off and Hush and Sweat. Undertow I think is a bit  repetitive. While in Aenima each song was very unique from each other,  Undertow songs sound more familiar, sticking to a basic idea. Songs like  Intolerence, Swamp Song, Bottom, Crawl away, and a few others bring out  just a mediocre job by Tool. Songs like Sober, Prison Sex, and flood bring  more interest to me, yet they still don't fully live up to Aenima.  Disgustipated is a rather odd track, but it is actually in my opinion a  good track, similar to the little snippets or whatever you call them from  Aenima. Overall a so-so album, but it beats music like Kid Rock and  Backstreet Boys beyond compare.
6303020089|2.0|Come on, give me a break. That's what they all say, Harrison. What's wrong  with you people? This movie was boring. It started out alright with the  murder scene and Mr Ford looking like some kind of a wooly mammoth, which  was amusing, and then went downhill fast. I don't know, maybe I'm just hard  to please. But my viewing partner agreed with me that this one was a big  fat let down. How many minutes of this film had Julianne Moore in it? Five?  So what is her name doing on the opening credits? The ending is also  pathetic. Oh, it's ok Harrison. Gosh, we're real embarrassed and sorry  about all of this. Forgive and forget? Uh huh. I never once held my breath  or even felt sorry for the good doctor. Do yourself a favor and pass this  one up. Harrison, I weep for the good old days.
B00004SCX6|4.0|THis is my rating for the songs by Britney Spears on her new CD Oops...I did it again:<br />1.)Oops..I did it again..a fast going song that really rocks!<br />2.)Stronger..A good song with some new improved  instraments.<br />3.)Dont go knockin on my door...A kool song that Describes  an annoying person.<br />4.)I Cant Get No (Satisfaction)..No Comment<br />5.)Dont  Let Me Be The Last To Know..A Really good song it is one of my  favorites!<br />6.)What You See Is What You Get..A really good song. Another  one of my favs.<br />7.)Lucky...A song that describes a girl who is lucky. A  really good song.<br />And as you know all the rest are great 2!
0780619609|5.0|I loved this movie so much when I was a kidd that I recomend that every kidd should own this classic<br />it kills the first and third movie
B00000I3JO|5.0|...I would rate it 20 stars if it was possible! Trust me, I own hundreds of records (ranging from jazz to experimental electronica, from pop to metal, etc.) and this one is among my few favourites! It's often indicated  as the finest release of the '80s (but it doesn't really sound as if it was  recorded in the '80s, it has got a melancholy, timeless flavour). Hats is a  superb pop album with stunning vocals and dramatically beautiful music...  It's an essential purchase for all music lovers.<br />P.S. The Downtown  Lights, one of the best tracks, was also covered by Annie Lennox. Do  yourself a favour and buy her Medusa album...
B00001NFCY|4.0|This is my first Creed cd and I'm hooked. This cd is the BOMB! I'm not normally a Rocker, but this cd is a definite plus to my collection of varied music.
B00004THAY|5.0|Ever so often, performers get together and play live, or make records.  Many times, these result in a power-struggle, which can be heard on the recording.  But ever so often, two superstars get together and make music  together which is well worthy of our attention.  This is one of these  occasions.  Not only are the songs on the album great, but there is no  power struggle whatsoever.  King and Clapton's guitars mold together to  create some beautiful sounds, and their voices blend together very well.   If you are a fan of the blues, BB King, or Eric Clapton, consider this  album to be an essential purchase.  Look out for this one at the Grammys.
0345298349|5.0|i never read modern paperback novels, much less thrillers, yet arkady renko is an absolute favorite of mine, a very humane breed (extremely hard to find nowadays). the book is very intelligent and even darkly funny. as  for the reviewer who speaks about the joy and prosperity of his own society  as compared to the evil empire, i think he should 1) grow up 2) recall  osborne is an american and 3) walk (not drive) to  the next housing project  with a couple of illegal  workers from mexico, and ask them about their  rights to joy and prosperity. of course, now you can see i am an idealistic  misanthrope (that's why i love renko), but don't let that keep you from  reading the book.
B000008JUM|4.0|<br />Doing an entire album of covers of a classic and well respected musician such as Cole Porter, even if in the name of AIDS research, is somewhat a dangerous venture. Musical purists will probably hate these  renditions. However, when this compilation came out in 1990, the organizers  were able to capitalize on some big names and a high time in great music.  What is captured on Red, Hot and Blue is an amazing collection of classics  executed very well. Even if not every song is to your taste, with 20 songs,  you're sure to find several to your liking. Contained within are old  classics waiting to be redefined and new classics waiting to be discovered.  <br />The album starts off with Neneh Cherry who, at the time, was the hot  female rap ticket. Her rendition of \\"I've Got U Under My Skin\\" is beat  ridden and somewhat sultry. Released as a single, this song had a modicum  of success. Next are the Neville Brothers with their version of \\"In the  Still of the Night.\\" I can't say I care for this version, however I never  really have liked Aaron Neville's vocal stylings. Sinead O'Connor (who was  very hot at the time) enters her sultry and shakily pensive version of \\"You  Do Something to Me.\\" Done in classic style, I can see her singing this a  seedy bar somewhere. I don't know who Salif Keita is, but his shaky and  incomprehensible lyrics disturb me, however the orchestrations are classic  and well done. Another \\"where are they now\\" artist, Fine Young Cannibals  executed \\"Love for Sale\\" brilliantly acoustically, though again we have to  suffer through unclear and warbled lyrics. Finally getting some rock and  attitude, Debbie Harry and Iggy Pop deliver a great (tho sometimes off key)  duet with \\"Well, Did You Evah?\\" (and yes it is \\"swelligant\\"!). Another good  pairing, \\"Miss Otis Regrets/Just One of Those Things\\" is classically  executed through the Pogues' orchestrations and vocals (on the second half)  and Kirsty MacColl's deep vocals. Having left 10,000 Maniacs, David Byrne  provides his solo version of \\"Don't Fence Me In\\" that is a perfect match  between the lyrics and David's vocal style. Tom Waits might be considered a  genius my many, but this version of \\"It's Alright With Me\\" grates on my  nerves with both the orchestrations AND the vocals (then you think it's  over and it's not... argh!). Fortunately, we now hit an excellent patch of  songs. Next we have the incomparable Annie Lennox who beautifully and  emotionally delivers \\"Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye.\\" With only piano, some  accordion in the bridge, and Annie's voice, this song will pierce your very  soul with its power and depth. Released as a single, U2's rendition of  \\"Night and Day\\" is beautifully orchestrated and sung with such passion and  angst one almost sheds a tear. \\"I Love Paris\\" by Les Negresses Vertes is a  campy, folksy, fun tune that's great to sing along to with a snobby French  accent. Then we arrive at my very purpose for listening to this release -  k.d. Lang's heart-wrenching version of \\"So in Love.\\" Sung with such depth  and beauty, I'm almost bawling as I finish singing along with this  masterpiece. The Thompson Twins bring a smile back as they execute \\"Who  Wants to be a Millionaire\\" with such attitude and an almost industrial  dance tone that it makes you dance about with a playful scowl on your face  (it's screaming for a remix). Erasure's \\"Too Darn Hot\\" is slow and sultry  and executed in classic Erasure style. Set in classic early 90s House  style, The Jungle Brothers provide a rap-hip-hop tip to \\"I Get a Kick.\\"  Lisa Stansfield's sultry vocal stylings are showcased on a classic big band  rendition of \\"Down in the Depths.\\" In his standard falsetto and a disco  beat, Jimmy Sommerville provides \\"From This Moment On\\" with elements to  bring it up to speed for the 90s club scene. Back to classic big band and  vocal stylings, Jody Watley croons her way into your heart with \\"After You,  Who?\\" This 20 song collection finally comes to a close with the  underappreciated Aztec Camera and their beautifully classic yet synthesized  rendition of \\"Do I Love You.\\" <br />For me, this release gets a strong 4 star  rating. When it first came out, I wanted to get it because of its cause as  well as the interesting mix of artists performing these classics. While  some songs I can't stand, there are others like \\"So in Love\\" and \\"What  Wants to be a Millionaire\\" that I will never get enough of. It is a single  release that captures such a wide variety of styles and generates so many  moods; an eclectic collection for an eclectic person, I suppose. :) <br />Who  should buy this? Well, if you're a Cole Porter fan, you might want to stay  away. However, if you see an artist you simply love, chances are you'll  love their version of that song. Get it for that, and then be pleasantly  surprised by the other gems you find. Started as a fund raising effort for  AIDS research, this is the best \\"Red Hot and...\\" compilation that I've  experienced. Recommended to fans of the bands featured, fans of 90s pop and  rock, and for those that like an eclectic mixture of remade classics. Red,  Hot and Blue lives up to its name - a mixture of styles and emotions that  emote the American experience.
B000000OE7|5.0|In 1995, Queen fans got one last album from the Freddie Mercury led Queen.  Although this album ranks with their best, it is not entirely new.  My Life Has Been Saved was the b-side of Scandal.  Too Much Love Will Kill You  was recorded for The Miracle album.  Brian May re-recorded it in 1993 for  his Back To The Light record.  Made In Heaven and I Was Born To Love you  were tracks from Freddie Mercury's out of print 1985 album, Mr. Bad Guy.   Basically only Freddie's vocals were kept.  The instrumentation was given  the full Queen treatment.  Heaven For Everyone was recorded for one of  Roger Taylor's side projects.<br />Ok, now on to how the record sounds.  The  album starts out with one of the few 'newly' recorded tracks, It's A  Beautiful Day.  This ballad features an amazing vocal from Freddie,  considering his illness.  He is in fine form.  Let Me Live is a great track  featuring a gospel choir in the background.  Brian May and Roger Taylor  share lead vocals on this track with Freddie.  Mother Love is a sad,  contemplative ballad about facing the end of one's life.  Freddie couldn't  finish this track so Brian May picks up the last verse.  It works quite  well.  A Winter's Tale sounds like a holiday classic.  Freddie seemed to be  taking in all of his surroundings.  He wasn't taking anything for granted.   The album ends like it started, with a reprise of It's A Beautiful Day.   Added at the end of the track is a piano sample from Seven Seas Of Rhye, a  baby's cry, and a sample from an old Carole King song that Freddie covered  in his pre-Queen days.  <br />After all is said and done, this is a fitting  farewell to rock's royal band.  It does what all great artist's last albums  should do, wondering what could have been.
B00000K0DQ|5.0|Prior to viewing this film, I was a staunch supporter of the death penalty. I truly believed that if someone committed such a heinous crime as taking the life of another person, then they deserved to die.<br />What  &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; did for me was never challenge that belief, or  try to dissuade me through debate. What it did was present one of the most  well-rounded, emotional films that asked the questions I never asked myself  when considering this punishment.<br />I was very leary of seeing this film  because I didn't want to sit through two hours of being preached at by a  one-sided liberal point of view. What ended up happening was because Sister  Helen Prejean struggled with everything herself, I began to struggle too.  Because she had the courage to deal both with this hideous, racist criminal  and the victims understandable embittered families, I began to deal with  them too. After watching this film, I began to doubt my own stance, finally  recognizing that death for death is no just punishment.<br />That's not to say  you will reach such a conclusion. The movie doesn't suggest anything of the  sort. What the movie does is present to us the confusing array of pieces,  and we, as individuals, and as a society, need to construct the puzzle as  we see. But we must not hide from the hard facts of executions, we must not  anesthesize ourselves to the horror of what we inflict on these prisoners.  The movies suggests that we see the entire picture before making our own  judgment calls.<br />The performances of Susan Sarandon and Sean Penn are some  of the best I've seen in any film recently. Both deserved all the  accolades, as well as Tim Robibns for crafting such a picture. For a two  hour movie to explore such complicated ideas as death and faith is quite an  amazing feat.
0767825411|5.0|The American Film Institute recently released its list of top100 comedies.<br />There were many I was pleasantly surprised to see makethe grade, including &quot;Big,&quot; (number 42) &quot;Harvey,&quot; (number 35) and &quot;Groundhog Day (number 34).&quot;<br />There were also several glaring omissions: No &quot;Clerks&quot;? &quot;The Jerk&quot; (number 89) over better Steve Martin fare like &quot;Roxanne&quot; or &quot;Bowfinger&quot;?  And just how did &quot;Some Like It Hot&quot; edge out &quot;Deuce Bigelow: Male Gigolo&quot; for number one?<br />However, I'm simply ecstatic that the Institute saw fit to recognize one of the best movies of all time: &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; (number 28).<br />Of course, if I were in charge, the 1984 Bill Murray-Dan Aykroyd-Harold Ramis-Ernie Hudson hit flick would be a lot higher on the list. Like, say, number one?<br />The movie follows Murray's Dr. Peter Venkman, Aykroyd's Dr. Ray Stantz, Ramis' Dr. Egon Spengler and Hudson's Winston Zeddemore as they open a &quot;professional paranormal investigations and eliminations&quot; agency, complete with smart-talking secretary Janine Melnitz (Annie Potts). They encounter the sultry Dana Barrett (Sigourney Weaver- no relation) and nerdy Louis Tully (Rick Moranis) and battle demigod Gozer the Gozerian atop a demonic apartment building before facing off with a hundred-foot Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.<br />Classic, man. Classic.<br />A sequel was released five years later, featuring a river of slime, a harrowing courtroom encounter with long dead murderers, the spirit of Vigo the Carpathian (yet another demigod) trapped in a painting in the Manhattan Museum of Art, and the Statue of Liberty sashaying through New York City. &quot;Ghostbusters II&quot; wasn't a bad movie by any means, but there was room for improvement.<br />My obsession really began when I started watching the TV cartoon series &quot;The Real Ghostbusters,&quot; based on the movie and featuring voice talents of Maurice LaMarche (the Brain in &quot;Pinky and the Brain&quot;) as Egon, Frank Welker (Megatron from &quot;Transformers&quot;) as Ray and, in the early years, Arsenio Hall as Winston and Lorenzo Music (voice of &quot;Garfield&quot;) as Peter.<br />The series dealt more with the GBs' supernatural experiences than the movies did. Our heroes faced baddies like the Sandman, who wanted to put everybody to sleep for a hundred years, or the Boogeyman, who haunted childrens' closets and fed off of their fear. Samhaine, the pumpkin-headed ghoul who wanted to make Halloween last forever, was by far and away my fave, and portrayed in such a way he (it?) is still one of the best villains in cartoon history.<br />Classic, man. Classic.<br />I watched every episode religiously, bought all the toys (I still have the ghost trap!), essentially breathed &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; 24-7. I wanted to be a Ghostbuster when I grew up. Come to think of it, I still do. (Don't laugh.  I know people who feel the same way about &quot;My Little Pony.&quot;)<br />Ninja Turtles come and go, but Ghostbusters are forever.<br />I don't know why the TV show and the movies affected me as strongly as they did. But I was surfin' the Net recently (see- there are alternatives to studying) and found a site...which allows you to view entire, unedited episodes of the series. (Except, as luck would have it, the episodes featuring Samhaine. But check out &quot;Deja Boo&quot; for a thrill.)<br />Guess what I found? The show still holds its own, and is far more intelligent than any of the programs they're directing towards kids today. Now that I'm older, I can find even more to love.  <br />The Ghostbusters themselves are viable, fascinating characters who are no longer outshone by the phantasms who haunt them. And the wit!<br />Complex characters, great dialogue, fascinating stories- &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; had it all, including a great theme song from Ray Parker, Jr. (All together: &quot;There's something strange ... inthe neighborhood ...) and the best catchphrases ever in &quot;I ain't afraid of no ghost&quot; and &quot;Who you gonna call?&quot; The world ain't been the same since they left.<br />Tim Allen (&quot;Home Improvement,&quot; &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot;) said something during the AFI broadcast that I think sums up the essence of the &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; phenomenon and explains the popularity: &quot; You want to be with funny people when the devil shows up.&quot;<br />Classic, man. Classic.
0440219078|4.0|This book is very powerful and teaches you a lot of life lessons.  I read it in school and I could hardly put it down!   It talks about what some people would call a &quot;perfect world&quot;.  As the story goes on though, I realized a world with no difference is not perfect at all.
6304698798|5.0|this is not only the greatest western...this is not only the greatest representation of the civil war's effects on the west...this is the greatest all around movie... over two and a half hours long, and it flies  by like 15 minutes...  this movie made me laugh out loud, cry actual tears  (!) and left me with a sense of fulfillment i have never experienced before  nor again... watch this movie, please!
B00004TL21|5.0|I shouldn't have to tell you how great Deftones are.  Go get this CD and you can die happy.  Really.
B00004TL21|1.0|A friend bought this album for me. After listening to half of it, I was wishing I was tone deaf.  This is not what I call music and I definitely don't consider screaming, mumbling, and whining anything close to singing.   Of course, some people must enjoy this sort of arrangement of noise, but if  you are looking for real rock and roll that requires musical talent, stay  away from this.
B0000048V8|5.0|The Snowman is a rare and delicately beautiful animated fantasy, lights years away from the Disney Broadway musical approach to this sort of thing. I very rarely cry at movies, but the sequence in which the snowman takes  the little boy flying to the north blow reduces me to a smiling, blubbering  pile of mush every time. Everyone, whether you're a kid or not, should see  this 23-minute short. It never fails to clear my more cynical thoughts  away, which is quite an accomplishment. This is a children's movie on a par  with The Wizard of Oz, although it's very different stylistically.
B00004TL21|1.0|A friend bought this album for me. After listening to half of it, I was wishing I was tone deaf.  This is not what I call music and I definitely don't consider screaming, mumbling, and whining anything close to singing.   Of course, some people must enjoy this sort of arrangement of noise, but if  you are looking for real rock and roll that requires musical talent, stay  away from this.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Although some other reviewers said this CD was horrible I totally disagree! The CD is awesome and all the songs have catchy tunes. My personal favorite is &quot;Lucky&quot; because it has a great beat and it  is a song you won't mind getting stuck in your head. All the songs are  great and they all go from a variety of slow songs to songs you'll want to  get up and dance to! If I could I would definitly give this CD 10  stars!
020161622X|5.0|I bought this on a friend's recommendation, but expected yet another book rehashing the same standard rules: write comments, don't duplicate code, have plans for your projects, eat your vegetables.<br />Hunt and Thomas vastly  exceeded my expectations.  This book is never dry, often humorous, and  always educational.  They don't always say what you expect them to say  (e.g., about commenting code), and I didn't always agree with them, but  every sentence is full of thoughtful analysis.<br />One of the best features  is their incredibly practical advice -- while yes, this book does teach  philosophy and encourages thought, it also provides many  immediately-implementable suggestions.<br />If you aren't a programmer with 10  years experience, buy it anyway -- it is not just for experienced  programmers.  While you will absorb less of the book, there is still enough  to learn, and it's a great book to keep and re-read.<br />The book includes a  pull-out card of the pithy sayings the authors use to sum up each section.  Perhaps my mind just doesn't work the way theirs does, but I didn't find  their summations to be helpful all the time -- I found myself frequently  having to flip back to the section to remember what a particular phrase  meant.  But it's still useful.
B00000JCOV|4.0|I was a total pop fan. I hated korn and all that kinda music. Someone told me bout slipknot and I downloaded one of their songs. And I loved it! You don't have to be a heavy metal fan to love Slipknot.
0517122707|5.0|....granted, our hero comes of age at 30?   This is a terrific novel about a man nearly everyone fears and/or hates, and yet ALL reap great benefits from being around him.  His intelligence, anger and frustration  are something to behold - and the storyline weaves through, then ties up in  a MOST satisfying manner - kinda like PULP FICTION circa 1967.  Mr. Reilly  champions and personifies the curmudgeon in all of us - a MUST-READ!
0800187881|1.0|UNWATCHABLE!!!! This movie is easily the worst Streisand film ever!!! And  I'm a huge fan.  What was she thinking?  The comedic lines are rote, old,  and unfunny.  The fatal flaw of casting Jeff Bridges in this film kills it  from the start.  He can't pull off that fidgity nervous nerd type  character. He just annoys.  Then there is Babs herself dressing up like the  HO she played in NUTS.  I recommend this only for Lauren Bacall fanatics,  she's the only one in this film that escapes unscathed. Oh Babs why? why?
0792156684|5.0|This movie if nothing is a very entertaining one, there aren't many movies out there that I can sit 3 hours through, especially in those wonderful movie theater seats (sarcasm).  Yes the movie isn't solely based on the  Titanic, yes they did say that it was, and yes it was just advertisement  hooplah but it still is a very good movie.  To tell you the truth I could  care less if the movie was about that 'cause we all know what happened,  there's zillions of other versions of it but let's face it most of us  watched it 3 times because it is a love story which is something all of us  can relate to, how many of you came close to dying in a ship wreck?  The  acting, with the exlusion of Winslet, was pretty bad, the dialogue was  horrific to say the least and the script was jam packed with cliches and  stunk but who said Casablanca had the best script and acting but we all  remember the lines now don't we?  So let's face it, this is probably the  greatest love story of all time, so let's just sit back and enjoy it and  not worry about historic facts.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I love this album. The talk of bad production is unfounded. This sounds perfect. I have been a big fan of a-ha but the latter albums have been so-so. I felt that they went too raw--to go with the flow of music of the  day, and that is not their strong suit. With this album they have mixed the  best qualities of all their albums into a new mature sound that I am  falling in love with. They and the Trash Can Sinatras are the two most  under-rated bands EVER. Buy it.
B00004TL21|5.0|After a long wait, the deftones have finally droped the sonic bomb that is &quot;White Pony.&quot; From the start to the end, the band showcases there range of talent and diversity by switching from hardcore breaks, mellow  curish like ballads to a very weird trip hop effect added by turntable man  Frank. Chino's voice is better and the musicanship has grown since the  earlier days. A great effort all round.
0380002930|5.0|This book was FANTASTIC!  Maybe the best book that I have ever read!  It is about a little group of rabbits that think danger is near, and decide to leave their home warren in hopes of evading it.  It is a book of sheer  suspense in the end, their clash with Woundwort.  I really enjoyed the book  and think that everyone who likes rabbits, or just likes good books, should  read it!
B000002BQK|5.0|I don't know how to explain how much I love this album.  This is my favourite album in my whole CD collection.  There's something about how she wrote this album that I find so fascinating.  If you just take the time to  listen to the lyrics you will be mesmerized.  Mariah definitely shows her  musical artistry and her lyrical genius in this album.  Just listen to  &quot;The Roof&quot;.  It tells a story that I can't help but listen to  over and over again.  The music is mesmerizing behind the soft airy vocals.   &quot;The Roof&quot; is my favourite song on this album, but I do love all  the tracks on this album.  I also love &quot;Close My Eyes&quot; which is a  biographical song which was written with such honesty that I couldn't  believe it.  This album is amazing because it doesn't have the few usual  'gems'; the whole album is a treasure chest.
B00004TL21|5.0|This new release from the Deftones is Definitly one of the best. From &quot;Knife party at the Niko&quot; to &quot;My Own Summer&quot; , the Deftones' heavy bass chords and guitar riffs is everything and more of what  you'd expect from this awesome band. The CD is a knockout , it has more  than a couple of good songs, the whole CD is awesome.It is well worth your  money and more, I reccomend this CD to everyone , whether you're a long  time Deftones fan like myself or you've just stumbled upon the band  recently...you will not be dissapointed.
B0000024IE|5.0|Few bands have had an ideology as well-informed and as rhetorically sharp as Public Enemy. Mixing a political stridency to rival The Clash (T.C. and P.E. being the two main bands to inspire Manic Street Preachers- who also  attempt to present a socio-political dream in their music- to the extent  that Hank Shocklee was brought in to produce a track for them) with an  abrasive musical assault. Chuck D's lyrics and vocal power gels perfectly  with Terminator X's concussive funk sampling (extremely short samples  creating their own percussive effect over the top of pounding beats and  siren effects). The purists may not like P.E. now for their rock-audience  cross-over success (this is nonsensical,'Planet Rock' by Afrika Bambataa  was one of the first big rap tunes, Run DMC collaborated with Aerosmith for  their breakthrough hit, which gave birth to rap's first 'new skool', and  Mobb Deep call hip-hop &quot;heavy metal for black people&quot;, so the  link's always been there!) but who cares? Public Enemy are a band who want  to break down schematic boundaries anyway, and the broad lyrical broad-side  Chuck D fires up belies a hope for eventual racial peace.  P.E., here more  than on any of their other albums, provide a vital artistic documentation  of the black American experience, rivalling any of Spike Lee's film work  (for whose 'Do The Right Thing', 'Fight The Power' soundtracks the riot  scene), proving themselves not only one of the greatest ever rap groups,  but also one of the most important of any genre.
B00003CWTI|1.0|Magnolia is an interesting film. It is littered with colorful characters, and each has a story to tell. The problem with this movie is just that: it tells all of these stories. As I said to a friend, Magnolia would be wonderful if it was cut in half and made into two seperate films. This film  is just too long, with too many plots to keep in your head. The biggest  problem this movie has is pacing. The first climax of the film occurs  halfway through the movie, and the second occurs 15 minutes before the  movie ends. Considering this movie is 3 hours and 18 minutes long, that is  an awful long time to have to wait for something to happen. P.T. Anderson  simply went overboard on this one. While no one scene was bad, put in  context it just turns into one big mess, and no one character or actor has  enough consecutive screentime to pull the movie above its bloated excesses.  And believe me, this movie has many strong characters and actors. But just  as you start to connect with a character, you're snatched away to another  one. When you come back to the previous one, the connection has been  severed and must be made again, thus making whatever happens seem trifling.  The only character I could connect with was Tom Cruise's, because Cruise  gave easily the best performance of his career. Other characters, such as  Julianne Moore's, were downright annoying. So, take the advice, P.T., keep  writing these interesting characters but please please keep the time to two  hours or less. The extended time did not give the characters time to  develop, it gave me reason to leave the theater unsatisfied and wanting my  [money] back. Skip this one and go do something worthwhile.
B0000024IE|5.0|Few bands have had an ideology as well-informed and as rhetorically sharp as Public Enemy. Mixing a political stridency to rival The Clash (T.C. and P.E. being the two main bands to inspire Manic Street Preachers- who also  attempt to present a socio-political dream in their music- to the extent  that Hank Shocklee was brought in to produce a track for them) with an  abrasive musical assault. Chuck D's lyrics and vocal power gels perfectly  with Terminator X's concussive funk sampling (extremely short samples  creating their own percussive effect over the top of pounding beats and  siren effects). The purists may not like P.E. now for their rock-audience  cross-over success (this is nonsensical,'Planet Rock' by Afrika Bambataa  was one of the first big rap tunes, Run DMC collaborated with Aerosmith for  their breakthrough hit, which gave birth to rap's first 'new skool', and  Mobb Deep call hip-hop &quot;heavy metal for black people&quot;, so the  link's always been there!) but who cares? Public Enemy are a band who want  to break down schematic boundaries anyway, and the broad lyrical broad-side  Chuck D fires up belies a hope for eventual racial peace.  P.E., here more  than on any of their other albums, provide a vital artistic documentation  of the black American experience, rivalling any of Spike Lee's film work  (for whose 'Do The Right Thing', 'Fight The Power' soundtracks the riot  scene), proving themselves not only one of the greatest ever rap groups,  but also one of the most important of any genre.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I can't really defend Eminem and his lyrics, but it is still a great CD.  I can't really say why because his songs can be offensive but the music is great.  You don't have to love Eminem to love the album!
6305078491|1.0|I have never seen this film, although always curious. I can't comment on the film itself as the quality of the print is so bad I could not assertain what the narrative was. Don't buy this DVD. Criterion - help!
B00000IOSU|5.0|This is one of the best CD's I own. there's a great variety of some of her best songs on this cd. each song is so beautiful and peacful....its really worth getting. her best cd yet.
B00004TL21|5.0|5 star material. Change, Passenger etc. a must have.
B00004TL21|5.0|I love the Deftones, and I thought they did really good on this album.  It sounds a little bit like their previous albums, but with a kind of new, cleaner, edge.  I love listening to it, and almost every song is excellent.   If you are a fan of metal, but still like a little singing, this cd is  perfect for you.
B00004RD54|5.0|Rock 'n' Roll Animal is the a gem!   One of the records that will live in rock infamy.  It is really about the transforming power of the music and the stage.  Beautifully executed from start to finish.  A cleaner sound  than I am used to from Lou.  Borderline southern/arena rock.  It works  though from the Intro to the first chord of Sweet Jane you will be hooked.   Yeah, this is ROCK 'n' ROLL Baby. The extra songs don't add much except  time, but they don't take away form the album either.  All our lives can be  saved by ROCK 'N' ROLL.
0425170349|5.0|This his book is arguably his best work. It has very interesting and deep story once you pick it up you'll never put it down again. It is also extremely well written, the story is portrade in  the best way I would  recommend this book to any one.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I first listened to Radiohead's music when a friend of mine lended me an album with the greatest hits of 1997. Since that day i became a fan of the band. OK Computer is an album with terrific songs like Airbag, Paranoid  Android, Subterranean Homesick Alien, No Surprises, etc. You can hardly  found a mistake of the music structure. In addition to that Yorke's voice  gives a melancholic tone to the album and makes people shiver(always with  the good meaning). I will only give one example &quot;Climbing up the  walls&quot;. It is a great experience listening to OK Computer and don't  miss the chance to buy it!
B00003CXGP|5.0|This movie is a great black comedy. I reccomend to anybody. It's a little disgusting in some parts, and hilarious in others. I really liked this movie , and overall I gave it 5 stars.
B00004THAY|5.0|Eric Clpaton and B.B. King, each have their distinct style of signing the blues as it should  be sung. On this albun, they have joined forces with their talent and da blues...... and it just don't get no better than this.  Enjoy!
0440203856|5.0|I read Zoya when I was thirteen.  That may seem young to many, but for me it came at the right time.  Truly, I have gained so much inspiration and knowledge from this character.  To me, Zoya has come alive.  She is not a  name on paper, but instead she is &quot;life her very name.&quot;  She is  so much apart of my life and what I do - Honestly.  She is a role model for  me.  I have read this book twelve times in English and three times in  French, it is my favorite story in the world, and I thank Danielle Steel  for writing this and influencing my life so very much.
B00004NRWH|5.0|WELL I  SAW NICKELBACK WITH CREED AND THE KEYARENA IN SEATTLE !  AND THEY ARE SO COOL!  I LOVE CREED ALSO.
B000001EC1|5.0|Although &quot;Never Say Goodbye&quot; and &quot;In These Arms&quot; were not included on the album, you can't help loving &quot;Crossroads.&quot; Classic hits like &quot;Livin' on a Prayer&quot; and &quot;You Give Love a  Bad Name&quot; are included, as well as the very fun &quot;Bad  Medicine.&quot; &quot;Bed of Roses,&quot; without a doubt my favorite of  all Bon Jovi songs is a classic love song, and the new &quot;Always&quot;  is beautiful. I could have done without &quot;Lay your hands on me&quot;  and &quot;In out of love,&quot; but the other hits are good enough to  overlook those two. &quot;Someday I'll be Saturday Night&quot; is wonderful  as well, and while not as toe-tapping as the original, &quot;Prayer  '94&quot; doesn't disappoint either. All in all, a must have for true fans  of Bon Jovi.
1573226521|5.0|I'm a teenager who read this book after listening to the perpetual nagging of my friend Desiree.  I wasn't looking forward to it because of its obvious length, and i pretty much read it to make her shutup. But, i  absolutely loved it. And even though people say it is the next Lord of the  Flies, it's not, cuz that book was extremely boring and slow-moving, while  this one is fast-paced and exciting. i'm sure i didn't really understand  all of the hidden meanings of the book, but it was awesome all the same.   i'm really glad i read it, because for the 5 hours it took to read it, i  got to see the world through Richard's eyes, and i loved every minute of  it.
0792151712|5.0|A beautiful movie about a tragic event. Great acting, story, special effects, and plot twists. The two leads are the greatest couple ever to grace the silver screen. This may be a chick flick,but homosexuals will  like it to.
B00004RF9I|4.0|I concur with others about the quality of the film. Serious, insightful, wonderfully acted, one of the best screenplays to ever come out of Hollywood. However, the DVD is abysmal. The video is grainy and  indistinguishable from average VHS quality. The worst, however, is the  &quot;Widescreen&quot; presentation. To achieve the effect, Warners video  actually cuts off some of the upper and lower part of the screen. This, of  course, defeats the whole purpose of widescreen. This is not the first DVD  I've seen this on, and it's a disgrace: consumer fraud of the highest  degree.
0140042520|5.0|Pretend that you've ever heard of Jack Kerouac.  Forget you've ever heard the words &quot;Beat Generation.&quot;  Set down your ideas of what life should be like.  Read this book.  It will make you want to sell all your  worldly possessions in a mammoth yard sale and take off to find It.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Addictingly glorious best describes When I Look In Your Eyes, her rythym and lyrics are truely one-of-a-kind her arrangements and production  highlight a unique and superb talent, I would Krall a mile for Diana!
B0000070SN|5.0|It's the complete experience.
0780626966|5.0|Last year I purchased the first Nightmare movie on DVD, under the assumption that I could get the others one at a time, only to discover..... Well, since then I've rented all the Freddy DVD's, and have been looking  forward to purchasing the box set, which I have done this very day from  Amazon. Of all the splatter villains, Fred Krueger's the only one who ever  had any class (or humour!) The Nightmare films offer a glimpse into the  spirit of the 80's - Kill 'em all, but do it with STYLE.....<br />And that is  just what Freddy Krueger does - kills us all with style - if you've never  seen any Nightmare films, you're in for a treat - they'll KILL you with  laughter! Sure, you get some very cheesy moments, but all in all you are  taken back to a more innocent time, and the DVD versions present it all in  5.1 Dolby Digital sound. If you remember Freddy, or even if you've never  seen him before, getting this set is something you won't regret!
B00004SYWZ|4.0|My wife is a huge a-ha fan and after listening to this album, I think I have become one as well. Minor Earth Major Sky, Summer Moved On, The Sun Never Shone That Day, and Thought That It Was You are all songs that stand  out.  Their best since East of The Sun West Of The Moon.
0393317552|5.0|This book is not a rousing retelling of obscure battles.<br />It is not a dry story of one person's effect on the time in which they inhabit.<br />It is, clearest, freshest new perspective on world history I have ever read.  It  takes the view that cultural dominance has more to do with external forces,  (climate, geography, raw materials, etc.) then do the pluck and skills of  individual people.  If you are familiar with the concepts of Darwin or  those in Morris' 'The Naked Ape', you will find yourself on familiar  ground.  Otherwise, after reading this book, you will find yourself  observing daily life through an entirely new perspective.  <br />Final Note:   One of the other reviewers said this book has a &quot;left wing&quot; take  on history.  Hmmm, I suspect it says more about the perspective of the  reviewer than it does the book.  How the anthropological effects of  geography relate to political perspective remain a mystery to me.  Having  seen Dr. Diamond be interviewed in a number of settings, I suspect he would  be quite bemused with the categorization.
0446677450|4.0|This is a very quick, enjoyable read.  This book focuses on an issue I had never really thought about: breaking the cycle of working at a job for a living.  Ironically, he recommends you do just that while you start your  own business on the side.<br />He does brag about some of his investments even  though he says he doesn't mean to.  He also has some &quot;unique&quot; and  speculative investing strategies like tax receipts.  But the focus of this  book should be on changing the cycle of living up to your salary and  instead saving money for investing.  He is a conservative man who leverages  his winnings, evidently quite successfully.  Should be required reading for  all college graduates and is the next present for my daughter.
B000024Z5N|5.0|I don't know how to describe this, I love this album.  Seems to be the best of the Focus I have heard.  The fun single, and then contemplative, passionate, ethereal, harkening to higher sentiments by turns, and very  melodic with power and grace to go with it.  Delicately beautiful at times,  sublimating listening.  Almost like life itself, the musical story seems to  weave passion and signify awakenings.  Nothing drags, the whole album is  good, but bring an aesthetic taste and appetite, and surely you'll be  rewarded. But you must bring a sensibility as a listener for the delicate  softer melodies as well as the fiery energy of rock.  For me, just as good  as Abbey Road, nearest thing I can compare it to, although it is virtually  all instrumental.  John Martyn fans should have a look too, if they haven't  already.  Who else would like this?  Maybe fans of new age masterpiece  &quot;One Thousand And One Nights&quot; by Shahin &amp; Sepehr.  But this  is Dutch and Teutonic for sure.
B000002HPV|5.0|The diversity and maturity of this album by far makes it one of, and in my opinion, THE best album ever made. Honest and emotional, it is the purest form of humanity in music.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Stop trying to catagorize this CD! So it might not be punk or even pop punk, just listen to it with and open mind and you will find that is a great CD worth your money. Even if it isnt punk. The best songs are:  Dumpweed, Aliens Exist, Going Away To College, What's My Age Again?  Dysentary Gary, Adams Song, The Party Song, and Anthem even though pretty  much all the songs are good. Buy this cd and if you like it you should  check out Lit, Fenix TX, and Green Day.
B00003A9QL|5.0|Metallica is by far my favorite band.When I first listened to S&amp;M I was blown away.I have all the metallica CD's and this might be my favorite. The best songs to me are Call of Ktulu,Master of puppets,Hero of the  day,NOM,Wherever I may roam, and especially One.The two new songs,No Leaf  Clover and -Human are good too.No Leaf Clover sounds like something from  Load/Reload.Good but not Great.-Human is my favorite of the two.I would  rcommend this CD to anybody, especialy newcomers to Metallica.
B000002WPI|5.0|Ey, man !  This is the f**king best Album I have ever heard. It changed everything for me. So don't say anything against it !
B0000025H4|5.0|Judas Priest let it all go on this album. &quot;Green Manalishi&quot; &quot;Exciter&quot; and &quot;Sinner&quot; are powerful. But, the song that won me over was &quot;Victim Of Changes.&quot; How much more powerful can a  song be. In the studio, this was just another heavy metal song from the  70's. On this album, it is a beast released on the listner. These guys have  always been a better live banc, and this album proves that. This was the  first album I bought by this band and it is still the one I listen to the  most.
B00004TL21|5.0|This is a masterpiece in not only it's composition, but it's feeling that it leaves you with. Each song is carefully crafted from the full on metal tracks such as Elite, to the mellow ambient tracks such as Teenager. The  Deftones still have their disinct sound and Chino has improved his  harmonics to the fullest. I have to admit that I was worried that this  album was going to be over-commercial but it isn't, it just shows how  mature the songwriting has become. I'm not going to tell you to buy the  White Pony, but don't you even think about having an opinion on metal,  until you've heard this essential album.
B000002J20|4.0|This IS a legendary album. Not only from Yes, but in general. The vinyl version was a double album... with one single long song (around the 20 minutes) on each side!<br />The Revealing Science Of God needs no further  presentation. To this day, it remains a Yes classic. Its force is nearly a  religious one. An unusual, varied, absolutely outstanding  composition!<br />The Remembering has a great deal of variation too - but it  is not quite as \\"whole\\" as The Revealing Science Of God. Its refrain (if  you can talk about refrains in 20 minute epics) is very beautiful, and the  instrumentation is interesting, touching different musical genres.<br />The  Ancient contains everything from roaring drums via weeping keyboards to  singing acoustic guitars. This makes the composition dynamic but also hard  to \\"get to\\". A sophisticated piece of art.<br />Ritual is maybe the best  piece on Tales From Topographic Oceans. With the risk of being  blasphemic, I'm tempted to compare it to Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody. In  Ritual, we go through so many moods, so many instruments, so many  stories. We experience so many things in this one long tale of musical  art.<br />This is Yes!
B000001FQ4|3.0|I consider Thin Lizzy to have had 4 phases  in their career.  First, the Eric Bell Era made up of the first three albums.  Second, the trademark twin guitar era which they are best known for which includes Jailbreak and  covers the albums from Fighting to Chinatown.  Third, their more pure metal  albums of Renegade and Thunder &amp; Lightning.  Buried in there is one  lone album that doesn't fit in any of these categories, Night Life.  This  isn't a bad album its just different than what you would expect from them.   There are some great songs including Still in Love With You, She Knows and  Philomena (Phil's ode to his mother).  I have some friends that don't like  Showdown and Frankie Carroll however I enjoy both.  The reason I only give  it 3 stars is because while you do see glimpses of the guitar work that  would later make Thin Lizzy famous, this is different and many people don't  like that.  I enjoy this album with all it's slower tempo songs and if you  are a Thin Lizzy fan you will too.  If you are simply looking to buy one or  two Thin Lizzy albums, you will be best off going with Jailbreak, Bad  Reputation or Live &amp; Dangerous.  Until you read my next Thin Lizzy  review, Later.
B00004TL21|5.0|This would have to be the finest cd the deftones have ever done. it has so many new exstreams for them. This would have to be my favorite cd out of the three. They have so much talent the so many other bands lack. They do  not get the respect that they deserve.The way they shape their songs is so  creative. I find this energy from thier music, and it's not just from chino  its the whole band and the way they can play. i hope that this is the cd  that really boost thier career, because it is such a good cd. so i urge you  just check thier stuff out.
B00003CXFV|4.0|Julia Roberts is superb in portraying the very real, very fiesty Erin  Brockovich. Brockovich has a wit and intelligence that has been untapped in  her struggle to make ends meet as a twice-divorced single mom of  three.<br />Not only is it great to see someone down on their luck triumph,  it's even more cathartic to see that person achieve success beyond their  wildest dreams.<br />In the film, Brockovich is an endearing, caring mom, and  a bristly, spitfire hot-head to those who are in her way.<br />She ends up  being the instrumental researcher in a tainted water lawsuit that  vindicates hundreds of families that were taken for a ride by the local  water company - not to mention reaping great financial rewards for her  lawyer employer.<br />Albert Finney is phenomenal as the attorney that hires  her. His American is so flawless, it was hard to believe a British man was  playing this role - not to mention his perfect performance.<br />Nearly every  4-letter word in the book is spouted out in this movie, so it wouldn't make  a good gift to your kids, your mom or your church group.  In addition to  language, there is implied live-in sexual relationships that some parents  may not want their children viewing.<br />For adults, however, this was an  extremely entertaining film, especially when you realize it  is a true  story. Even the ending offers a surprise no one will expect.
6301969294|5.0|This is a masterpiece that gives people of independent minds hope and reason to go on with its message of &quot;don't compromise...follow your ideals&quot;. As an artist working in a medium that is unusual, I LOVE this  movie. I put it on whenever my determination gets a little wobbly ! Strong  and handsome, the fabulous Gary Cooper is perfect as Howard Roark, and  Patricia Neal and Raymond Massey are also wonderful. The cinematography by  Robert Burks ( who did a lot of Alfred Hitchcock's best films ) uses sharp  contrasts and is brilliant in its use of shade. This film deserves 5 stars  just for how it looks. Don't miss it !
B00004TJTQ|5.0|It gets rarer and rarer today that a film is made that includes a true story, no foul language, no sex and still is entertaining and suitable for children.<br />If you have extremely sensitive children, however, there is a  very violent act perpetrated against the star, Skip. It is very disturbing,  but sadly was a true event in the life of this dog and his boy.  If you  have a child who is overly sensitive, you may want until they are a little  older before letting them see this film due to the one scene.<br />Despite  the disturbing scene I mentioned, this is still a feel-good movie,  lump-in-throat not-withstanding.<br />Even the most stony-hearted viewer will  have at least a tear in their eye during some of the scenes. The film shows  the growing relationship between a boy and his dog, his father, mother and  friends.<br />Taking place in the 1940s when most people had big families, an  only-child's only companion is an adorable Jack Russell Terrier puppy named  Skip.<br />Skip is quite a unique character and everyone in town knows him,  loves him and respects him.  This was a highly enjoyable film and a good  bonding movie for a family and children. You don't need to own a dog or  have children to enjoy the film, however.  If you hate dogs, however, this  is not a film you should even consider. I found this a highly enjoyable  film that exceeded my expectations. It earns a 5 star rating because of the  convincing acting and a well-rounded family film that is actually suitable  to show to every member of the family.
0425170349|1.0|I used to love reading Clancy's books - Red Storm Rising was a real technothriller.  After reading Executive Orders, and now this piece of junk, I'll have to go back to lawyer novels. Briefly, the plot revolves  around environmental extremists who have found a way to rid Earth of  humanity (except them, of course).  These extremists instigate a number of  terrorist incidents to allow them to put their plan into action.  That  brings them up against John Clark and Ding.  Well, you know who's going to  win. The book is poorly written and poorly researched.  The dialogue is  atrocious (when was the last time you heard Ph.D.'s in biochemistry and  biology calling everyone they meet &quot;pal&quot; - when was the last time  you heard ANYONE address relative strangers as &quot;pal&quot;?) and  unrealistic.  Put yourself in the position of any of Clancy's characters  and imagine yourself saying the things he has them say.  Never happen, G.I.   And did you know that when it's summer in Australia, it's also summer in  Kansas? Environmental warfare is certainly a topic worth some imaginative  fiction (witness the Gulf War, for example), but Clancy's imagination and  his writing &quot;skills&quot; aren't up to the task.  Beyond that, he has  once again let his own political views get in the way of the story. A much  more likely scenario of environmental war is nation-states competing for  access to dwindling resources.  There's a good idea for some techno-writer  - I just hope Clancy doesn't try it..
079073382X|5.0|I can't rave about this movie enough.  It is the quintessential romance film; no other romance holds a candle to it.  I would rate it as the 2nd or 3rd greatest movie of all time.  It is the most believable and wickedly  brilliant romance movie I have ever seen.  The performances and storyline  are phenomenal.  To the male audience:  It is impossible to watch this  movie and not fall completely in love with the incredible Julie Deply.  She  gives off this sweet, irresistible feminine charm that intoxicated the  socks off me. The only thing I didn't like about this movie was the ending;  it's too sad.  If it had a happy ending, then this film would have been a  great feel-good movie.
B0000029DD|4.0|cobain died at 27. marilyn died at 36. james dean died just as his movie career was taking off. i guess the gifts the public gets should be cherished because who knows how long they will be here. the songs here  should be appreciated on so many levels, whether u are hearing the nusrat  influence in his vocals or the zeppelin stylings of the songs. then there's  a man and his guitar bringing life 2 leonard cohen's 'hallelujah', making  the original kind of hard 2 hear after this. one thing that is prophetic  about this album is in the title song, when he talks about 'not  afraid/afraid 2 die'. but the legend of him is that he knew his fate and  saw it, which is scary and which is also something other per4mers like  patsy cline knew-their own mortality (and wer'e not talking keith moon  indulgence). 'last goodbye' is so true because u know a relationship is  over but u still want that person. just because the relationship is gone  does not mean the love is. this is a very romantic album and there4 may be  seen as grandiose. p.s. buy or get the chance to hear some of his dad's  work; tim buckley worked along roughly the same vein-for his era. u will  hear such a vocal similarity that it is eerie. his dad worked in a more  jazzy vein, but it's as intricate as his son's work. lyrically they were  also very similar. anyway u can tell jeff knew his zeppelin and edith piaf  records very well.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Tim Allen seemingly has a way of making so-so comedy material likable. He did it in the film &quot;The Santa Claus&quot; a few years back. <br />&quot;Quest&quot; is a funny parody of Star Trek. The film could have  been totally campy, and it could have skimped on the special effects.  Neither of those two things happened in this pic.<br />The effects, which were  supervised by the same guy who is working on the upcoming &quot;A Perfect  Storm,&quot; are quite credible. Highlights include a rock monster that  attacks Tim Allen.<br />The disc looks very good. No hint of scratches or  grain which is one advantage of new movies that come to DVD.<br />Extras are  slightly lacking, but when you consider the discs of Disney and Paramount,  the extras they provide seem ample.<br />All in all a good disc and a good  film. I am surprised that this film didn't do better in the theater.
1580810527|5.0|There are many audiobooks version of this time-honored classic, but I found that LA theatre's  works's lively dramatized version pales other reading versions. For one thing, various actors play out the parts of the  story. Granted, there are many ommision for this two hour audioplay, but  essentially, it retains the very essence of the story.
0140177396|5.0|This tiny Steinbeck classic, published in 1937, is still considered one of the most stunning, impact producing works ever written.  It continues to knock my socks off. And more than likely, always will. If you've never had  the pleasure of reading this timeless classic, you really, really should.
0380715430|5.0|I've re-read this book many times, and each time, it makes me smile. It's a book that is delightful to read!<br />I'm an ex-British American, so the chapters on word derivation and differences between the variants of English  are particularly interesting to me.<br />I find Bill Bryson's humor in some of  his travel books less appealing. It can get a little repetitive. But not in  this book!
B00004STDN|4.0|Cliffhanger is an all out action movie, and this should not be forgotten. Although there are a few blaringly obvious mistakes in the climbing sequence, this does not take away the fact that this movie achives what it  sets out to do: entertain the action-movie junkies. This movie is a must  for all of the Sylvester Stallone fans out there, and for anyone who enjoys  the typical one-man-aginst-the-bad-guys movies. John Lithgow is excellent  as the baddy, although he does always look a bit to kind. Sly Stallone does  what he does best, running around saving people with as little clothes on  as he can possibly manage, and the other cast work well as either bad guys  or good guys. Warning though for those weaker viewers out there, this movie  is gory, the deaths scenes being the worst.
B000002JSN|5.0|as great as all the other zep albums are, and there are quite a few 2 say the least, this is on another level altogether. it's just so grand in scope that listening 2 this whole thing makes u say 'whew' afterwards. u know  this band was great because they can come up with a double album like this  with the neckbreaking touring schedule they were always on and with the  demands of jimmy page, who was such a perfectionist. john bonham's drums  boom loud and clear, plant's voice is so ragged yet carries 100 times more  feeling and raw gut than most...just wow. my fave part on the album is  towards the end of 'in my time of dying' when bonham just starts doing  these ultrafunky stop-starts..can't describe them 2 well but once u hear  them u gotta say that along with the stellar everything about them, they  were downritght funky. 'trampled underfoot' is so locked in with its funk  it makes it hard 2 replicate. this album makes u wonder why no one now can  put out a worthy double album. i guess u need page as your glue. the  remastering brings out all the clarity and sonic force of this legendary  band.
B00000J2KX|5.0|The real villian is the OVERLOOK. The use of the steadicam is amazing as  it glides through the magnificent hallways and lounge. Music by Wendy  Carlos is very effective.(I swear that during the maze chase at the end  they used music from 2001!-listen and you will see what I mean).Best scenes  is where Jack is having conversations with the ghostly Lloyd and Grady(who  was the caretaker!).Film is full of those classic trademark Kubrick  elements(steadicam use, slow pullbacks, etc.)This one is a lot better than  that made for tv version which was simply too long.(even though that  version was closer to the book)
061301328X|5.0|While visiting my parents over the Christmas Holiday I picked up their paperback version of Shogun.  Having lived in Japan for close to five years as a middle school student in the late '70's and early 80's I was  spellbound by Clavell's ability to portray Japanese culture.  Although the  story takes place in the early 1600's the reader, if they so choose, can  relate to modern day Japanese culture.  i.e.  their work habits, their  dedication to their jobs and those above them (bosses and managers), their  organization and their ability to keenly focus.  One phrase from the book  that sums up this &quot;Japanese attitude&quot; is &quot;it's stupid to  fail.&quot;  <br />A well written book based on an actual historical events  leading to the rise of the Tokugawa regime.
B00004TL21|4.0|The Deftones have a track record of giving the public solid, hard edge albums in the past. Their latest effort, White Pony, offers some exceptions but for the most part they stick to their metal roots that won them fans  all over the United States. White Pony is full of eiry, but somehow,  melodic songs. Chino's vocals in this record differ little from their  earlier releases,singing out of key in the appropriate places. Guest  appearing on a song called Passanger is Maynard James Keenan from Tool, who  sings along side Chino during the verse and gives the song a more melodic  quality. The only complaint I have is with some of Chino's lyrics, which  sometimes make very little sense to listener, but overall White Pony is a  classic Deftones style record with an eiry feel to it that all Deftones  fans will enjoy.
6300216268|4.0|To the &quot;Viewer of Edmonton,&quot; a couple of the songs from Harold and Maude were on what is now an obscure vinyl album of the Best of Cat Stevens. For those who have not seen this movie, it's a strange, funny,  dark comedy about a suicidal 20 year old full of despair and hopelessness,  until he meets the 80-year old Maude who with her love of life and often  reckless abandon, changes Harold's life forever.  This is definitely a 70's  classic that you will not easily forget. While it may seem like a silly  little comedy, the underlying message and tone of the film will remain with  you. The haunting songs of Cat Stevens throughout the film just add to its  unforgettable charm.
0201633612|5.0|This is a book that you need to chew on for a while and which will take a while to digest once swallowed. It will, however, turn into pure programming muscle as payback for all your effort!<br /> This is an academic  treatise (it started out as a Master's thesis) and reads like one. But as  you read you'll find yourself identifying with some of the patterns that  you've unknowingly used in your own code. And you'll start seeing how you  could have used other patterns. And before you know it, your approach to  programming has changed and you are able to focus more on the  domain-specific issues rather than getting caught up in the need to  continuously re-invent the proverbial wheel. And the world looks a little  bit brighter.<br /> Any book that does that for you deserves 5 stars  regardless of how dry it is.
B000001FC0|5.0|Releasing their pent up dementia , they created a sober musical arrangement.  As Hamlet says,&quot;Though this be madness, there's method in it.&quot;  Or something like it.  I was transformed by their originality  and depth, feel good/kickass  sense .It is a probe to mental institutions,  and ultimately into the human recess of his mind. I can never ever forget  this album. We can work it out!
6305252521|5.0|As I was watching this, I kept thinking that this would have fit right in during the 1960s with Burgess Meredith playing Truman!This is perfect material for a Twilight episode!This is probably the reason why I liked  Truman Show because I am such a fan of the Twilight Zone.      I liked the  scenes where Truman started to figure out that &quot;something&quot; was  not right.One of the best lines is &quot;Cue the sun!&quot;(You will have  to watch it to figure that one out).The performances were all outstanding.  Jim Carrey should have won the oscar for this one.Music soundtrack is also  exciting.This is a non-sequel type film so don't look for a Truman Show II!
0783235666|3.0|Just the very thought of a group of birds attacking people as run for safety can send chills down your back. Now imagine that going on for two hours! What you get is Hitchcock's classic film. Everything just seems to  be perfect about this film expect for a few things. First of all the story  starts off slow. It doesn't have that mysterious feel to it as other  Hitchcock films have(&quot;Rear  Window&quot;,&quot;Psycho&quot;,&quot;Shadow Of A Doubt&quot;). The other  problem I have is,it's never explained why the birds attacked in the first  place. But then again this is an Alfred Hitchcock film. I refer to him as  &quot;the thinking person's film making&quot;. His films don't offer the  &quot;happily ever after&quot; feel. They make you think about what you've  seen. You start to try to get into the mind of the characters or in this  case the birds. Why are they(the birds) doing this? That's the only  question you want answered. And do you ever get it? No. You have to come to  a conclusion yourself. I think the birds did it because people ignored  nature and it's animals. Finally they came to take their revenge(Just think  about &quot;Animal Farm&quot; in a sense)! But there are redeeming moments  in this film. For one Tippi Hedren gives a wonderful performance. Hitchcock  as always displays his talents. And the effects(which got nominated for  oscar's) are visually stunning! Here's a wonderful movie by the master of  suspense. And this one proves he deserves that title just as well as any of  his other films.
6300216268|4.0|To the &quot;Viewer of Edmonton,&quot; a couple of the songs from Harold and Maude were on what is now an obscure vinyl album of the Best of Cat Stevens. For those who have not seen this movie, it's a strange, funny,  dark comedy about a suicidal 20 year old full of despair and hopelessness,  until he meets the 80-year old Maude who with her love of life and often  reckless abandon, changes Harold's life forever.  This is definitely a 70's  classic that you will not easily forget. While it may seem like a silly  little comedy, the underlying message and tone of the film will remain with  you. The haunting songs of Cat Stevens throughout the film just add to its  unforgettable charm.
0156284502|5.0|generalmente no me gustan esta clase de libros,pero en todo debe de haber excepciones y esta es una de ellas. el libro me encanto, no se si sentiria lo mismo si lo leo ahora, pero cuando lo lei hace unos a&ntilde;os, me gusto mucho  la forma en que el escritor ponia un pequeno nino a aleccionar al mundo. el  libro ha sido objeto de criticas en los circulos literarios debido a su  tipico caracter semi didactico, semi moralista, pero a mi me parecio  interesante y muy buena lectura a pesar de que en verdad es moralista. muy  buena lectura.<br />LUIS MENDEZ luismendez@codetel.net.do
B00004TL21|4.0|It is a definately good c.d. Worthy of your buyingness. It is a hard C.d. and is one of the best new Core C.d.s on the market right now.
B00004SPYK|1.0|This movie was not sexy, it was boring and it just went on forever(all those fade outs and fade ins at the end got on my nerves-enough already director-time to yell - that's a rap!).Actors(especially Gere and Hutton)  talk as if they are heavily medicated on some type of pain pills. Sex  scenes are not even sexy of this type of film genre. I think a  happier-&quot;GRADUATE&quot; type of ending would have improved picture  somewhat. The music is the only reason I give this film one star because as  a big eighties music fan and since I was in J-High and H-school during this  period I have a personal bias towards Blondie, otherwise don't waste you're  time with this dud of a picture.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The sophomore album from Savage Garden is the perfect follow-up their 1997 self-titled debut.  The songs here evidence their growing maturity and decreasing wide-eyed innocence.  While the debut album showcased peppy,  lovey-dovey tunes, Affirmation delves into the dark side of lead singer  Darren Hayes' love life, with extraordinary results.  This CD is a rarity  in the pop world: honest, painful, yet wonderfully entertaining and  uplifting.  Songs like &quot;The Best Thing&quot; and &quot;Chained To  You&quot; celebrate the headiness of a new love interest, while &quot;I  Don't Know You Anymore&quot; and &quot;Gunning Down Romance&quot;  positively drip with emotion and pain.  &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; and  &quot;Affirmation&quot; are wonderfully therapeutic, with catchy choruses  that you're sure to find yourself singing in random situations.   Affirmation puts Savage Garden right where they should be on the pathway to  superstardom; growing and experimenting with each new album, and improving  exponentially each time.  I cannot wait for the third.
B000002HRE|3.0|I think that Metallica has only changed with age.  Let's face it, these guys are in their thirties.  Do you expect them to play a song like &quot;Motorbreath&quot; and not look wierd doing it?  I mean, Metallica has  matured extensively with time.  While this CD is better than  &quot;Load,&quot; it still is only OK because I count six good songs on it.  &quot;Fuel&quot; and &quot;Attitude&quot; still shows that the guys can  still play some fast metal.  &quot;The Memory Remains&quot; just sounds  good.  &quot;The Devil's Dance&quot; is a great piece of music, I don't  care what people say.  And &quot;The Unforgiven II&quot;, while being  bashed by most reviewers, is still a great end to the  &quot;Unforgiven&quot; &quot;story&quot; if you will.  I think that pure  metalheads who hate Metallica's last four albums, the fourth being  &quot;S&amp;M&quot;, are not true Metallica fans and because they don't  like them shouldn't buy them.  But for the Metallica fans like me who got  started with &quot;S&amp;M&quot;, I am only one album shy of having every  Metallica album.  Metallica rocks and for true Metallica fans, this album  should be bought.
B000003S0B|4.0|The fragile yet phenomenal incarnation of King Crimson of 1969 had dissolved. The main composer, Ian McDonald, left the group and Greg Lake was very anxious to join ELP. Robert Fripp, now the &quot;leader&quot; and only composer persuaded him and Michael Giles to record this album. In The Wake Of Poseidon consists of some pieces previously played live, with slight adaptations and unused material. Probably Fripp only composed the title track and the Peace segments all by his own. His guitar is not the main instrument here, instead is the marvelous mellotron. The heavy and jazzy &quot;Pictures of a City&quot; starring excellent guitars and saxes was called &quot;A Man, A City&quot; on the previous tour. Incredible song, kinda like the &quot;21st Century Schizoid Man&quot; of the album. &quot;Cadence and Cascade&quot; is probably the most beautiful song the group has ever recorded, with Fripp in acoustic guitar and Mel Collins does some exquisite flute work. The mellotron-laden &quot;In The Wake Of Poseidon&quot; it's also very good, resembles both &quot;Epitaph&quot; and &quot;In The Court Of The Crimson King&quot; at the same time. Side two (on which the resemblances to the previous album dissapears) begins with &quot;Peace - a Theme&quot;, which is a gorgeous acoustic guitar piece that introduces the unique &quot;Cat Food&quot;. Some would call it &quot;dark jazz&quot;, with humorous lyrics and Keith Tippett's crazy piano. The album closes with &quot;The Devil's Triangle&quot;, an adaptation of Gustav Holst's &quot;Mars&quot; (also played on the 69 tour), quite interesting and frightening, with an extremely experimental section at the end. Next there is a small &quot;Peace - An End&quot;, which is &quot;Peace - a Theme&quot; with lyrics. This is a great album, if you liked the first, you should like this one, and vice-versa.
0780625412|4.0|I REALLY LIKE THIS VIDEO IS EXITING IF YOU LIKE THE GREAT TIMES OF WCW,IS NOT THE BEST WRESTLING VIDEO BUT IT HAVE GREAT MOMENTS AND YOU CAN SEE HOGAN,STING,MACHO.MY ADVICE IS BUY IT BECAUSE IS CHEAP
6305078564|5.0|This DVD is an incredible version of one of Austen's greatest works.  The format is easy to use, and the original breaks with credits of the mini-series give perfect stopping points in a very long film.  The scenery  is not only true, it is beautiful, the acting is great, and the story line  is beautifully preserved, with little left out.  We absolutely love it and  have watched it over and over again.
B00004THAY|5.0|I heard about a month ago in the radio a few complete songs of these two MASTERS of blues.I thought to myself &quot;It's going to be at least two month 'till I'm able to get my hands on that disc.&quot; My nearby record  store surprised me and just two weeks after the release, I saw it there. I  heard each and every song just to convince myself that it was real. I  almost got kicked out from the listening station at the store. I was  hooked. This disc is the perfect blend of black and white blues. There is  no other way. Those two idols are the best, anytime, everywhere.
6305810109|5.0|It's a journey of the soul as a man goes home in his heart, in this dramatization of the true story of Alvin Straight, who drove a lawn mower over three-hundred miles through the state of Iowa and into Wisconsin, to  see his brother, a stroke victim with whom he had not spoken for ten years.   \\"The Straight Story,\\" directed by David Lynch, recounts the story of Alvin  (Richard Farnsworth), who set out to see his brother, Lyle (Harry Dean  Stanton), upon hearing of his stroke.  Alvin is prevented from driving   because of poor eyesight, and he won't take a bus because he doesn't trust  another's driving.  A widower who lives with his daughter, Rose (Sissy  Spacek), Alvin, not a man of means, resorts to the only way he knows how,  to get to Lyle.  He needs to put the bad blood behind them before it's too  late; an estrangement born of \\"anger and pride.\\"  Hauling a make-shift  trailer, and with three five-gallon cans of gas and a cooler full of hot  dogs, Alvin sets out, alone and determined, on his lawn mower.  Now in the  twilight of his life, having learned to \\"separate the wheat from the  chaff,\\" the trip affords Alvin plenty of time to reflect on his life, and  steels him in his quest to do what he feels he has to do. Along the way he  befriends and is befriended by the strangers he encounters; a testimony to  the bountifulness of the human spirit.  When a young man asks him what the  worst thing is about being old, he replies, \\"Remembering when you were  young.\\"  Richard Farnsworth gives the performance of a lifetime as  Alvin, this stubborn, prideful man, who has learned humility with age, and  you can see the wisdom of his years in his eyes.  Farnsworth connects with  the audience from the beginning, aptly conveying the yearning of a soul in  need of atonement, and the determination of the man to effect his amends.   Sissy Spacek, also, gives a terrifically nuanced performance as Rose, the  \\"slow\\" daughter who lives daily with demons of her own.  That the members  of the Academy failed to nominate her for best-supporting actress for her  work here is nothing short of criminal; her Rose is a beautiful piece of  work.  David Lynch, as well, has done a remarkable job of bringing Alvin's  story to the screen.  He has woven a rich visual and emotional tapestry,  all poignantly delivered with a gentle hand.  Beautifully photographed, the  lush vistas of the Midwest reflect Alvin's state of mind, underscoring the  deeper meanings of what is really a spiritual journey, during which the  past mingles with the present.  Lynch has taken a wistful, almost poetic  approach throughout, which, together with the story is reminiscent of  Ingmar Bergman's \\"Wild Strawberries.\\"  The scene in which Alvin finally  meets up with Lyle is perfectly and touchingly executed, and is one of the  most memorable scenes in the movie.    The supporting cast includes  James Cada (Danny), Everett McGill (Tom), Barbara E. Robertson (Deer  Woman), John Farley (Thorvald), and Kevin P. Farley (Harold).  With an  artistic hand, Lynch has crafted an unforgettable film.  \\"The Straight  Story\\" is Alvin's story, but the journey belongs to us; a reminder of what  is really important in life, and the needs we all share at one time or  another.  It's an entertaining movie that will touch you and make you  think, as well; and as far as I'm concerned, that's about as good as it  gets.
B00004STPT|5.0|What an excellent soundtrack!Hans does it every time again. I thought that after some very good soundtracks (Peacemaker, The Rock, Crimson Tide)he would never compose a better one, but he did. Highly recommended!
B00000I07Q|5.0|I was a BJ fan all the way back to their first album, though I must admit 'Runaway' was not the song that hooked me but rather 'She Don't Know Me'.<br />I followed them during the releases of their first two albums and  when 'Slippery When Wet' came out and people thought they might be a one  album wonder I knew better.  'New Jersey' is one of the best follow up  records to a 'bust out' record ever (along with Def Leppard 'Hysteria' and  pearl Jam 'Vs.').  this album showed the new Bon Jovi fans that this band  had more hits in them, and cemented them into the music scene.<br />in  addition this is the best BJ album off all.  'Slippery When Wet' has a few  songs that are as good or better then songs on 'New Jersey' but as a whole  'New Jersey' never lets up and is one of the best rock albums you'll hear.
B00004THAY|5.0|I heard about a month ago in the radio a few complete songs of these two MASTERS of blues.I thought to myself &quot;It's going to be at least two month 'till I'm able to get my hands on that disc.&quot; My nearby record  store surprised me and just two weeks after the release, I saw it there. I  heard each and every song just to convince myself that it was real. I  almost got kicked out from the listening station at the store. I was  hooked. This disc is the perfect blend of black and white blues. There is  no other way. Those two idols are the best, anytime, everywhere.
6305657939|4.0|A wealthy businessman with an eye for art meets his match in the clever and romantic, suspenseful, \\"The Thomas Crown Affair,\\" directed by John McTiernan.  Thomas Crown (Pierce Brosnan) stages an intricately planned  heist of an art museum, and successfully makes off with a Monet worth  millions.  Enter the insurance investigator, the crafty Catherine Banning  (Rene Russo), and the game is on.  While detective Michael McCann (Denis  Leary) follows the bread-crumb trail left for him by Crown, Banning sees  through it immediately, and zeros in on Crown from the beginning.  But how  to nail him?  Therein lies the heart of the story, as Banning goes right to  it.  She tells Crown that she knows he did it; Crown responds by taking her  to dinner, then proceeds to court her, without ever admitting or denying  her allegations.  Then it's head to head, as they each vie for the pole  position, and the sparks begin to fly.  McTiernan shows some style here  as he leads his stars through their interlude of discovery.  He wisely  avoids any showy displays and lets the tightly wound suspense of the story  play out through the charismatic performances of Brosnan and Russo.   Brosnan fits the part of Crown perfectly; there are shades of Bond,  perhaps, and even a bit of \\"Remington Steele here,\\" but he makes Crown his  own man, a separate entity which he plays with aplomb.  Russo has never  been better, nor looked better, and makes Banning a force to be reckoned  with; there's a worldly sophistication to her, an intelligent confidence  that lets you know there's something always cooking beneath the surface.   The chemistry between the two sizzles, and how refreshing it is to see  romance develop between two mature adults, as opposed to the more prevalent  screen pairings Hollywood usually has to offer (Connery and Zeta-Jones in  \\"Entrapment,\\" for example); it lends credibility to the story and makes the  proceedings all that more interesting.  There's some memorable scenes here,  especially the initial caper, when Crown purloins the Monet, and later on,  the \\"bowler-hat\\" sequence that takes place in the museum.  In something of  an homage to the original 1968 \\"Crown,\\" Banning is taken aloft by Crown in  his glider, which proves to be visually stunning, and adds a placid moment  that fits in well with the overall film.  The supporting cast includes  Faye Dunaway (Crown's psychiatrist), Ben Gazzara (Andrew), Frankie Faison  (Detective Paretti), Fritz Weaver (John) and Charles Keating (Friedrich).   McTiernan has fashioned a romantic caper that is satisfying to both the eye  and the mind; and with an imaginative plot and the performances of Brosnan  and Russo, \\"The Thomas Crown Affair\\" is a success on all fronts.  Compared,  especially, to many of the contemporary movies that purport romance and  suspense, this one is the real deal.  It's like a breath of fresh air  that's risen above the prevailing smog of mediocrity.  If you're looking  for quality, and a film that delivers on it's promise, you've come to the  right place.  This is one you do not want to miss.
B00004STPT|5.0|What an excellent soundtrack!Hans does it every time again. I thought that after some very good soundtracks (Peacemaker, The Rock, Crimson Tide)he would never compose a better one, but he did. Highly recommended!
B00000IGGA|5.0|You know how a baby's skull is a bunch of soft pieces that join together &amp; harden as it grows up?  Mule Variations makes you feel like that baby again... and Tom is slipping things into your head before it is too late.   Open up your skull &amp; let this album happen to you.  It's beautiful,  soulful &amp; strange, what more can you ask?
6305358613|3.0|OK, so Cate Blanchett looks hot as the young Elizabeth, the costumes are wonderful and the cinematography grand, but....do we have to re-write history to tell a story that is so compelling to begin with?  Furthermore,  the real exciting part of QEI's reign isn't her ascension to the throne,  it's her keeping the throne and manipulating everyone to achieve her ends,  and those of England.<br />The worst sin, in my opinion, is the implication  that her advisor sneaks off to Scotland, beds the mother of Mary, Queen of  Scots, then kills her!  Do the makers of historical dramas need that much  license with the truth?  Not in my opinion.<br />So...3 stars
6304474652|4.0|I don't normally go for &quot;chick flicks&quot;, but Fools was romantic without being overly mushy.  It is sure to endure as a classic romantic comedy.<br />P.S. I  LOVED the salsa and have been looking for the soundtrack  forever!
0451191153|2.0|I was incredibly engaged in this book when I first started it.  70 pages in I was excited about where this story was going.  Around 100 pages I got this horrible feeling that the world Rand was creating was so unbelievably  black and white that the book seemed to be written by a 15 year old who  could use adult's words.  There is no gray in this book.  Every aspect of  it is hardcore extreme in its stance.  I never finished the book.  Around  page 200 I felt I was reading, 'This good, that bad'.
B000023X9W|4.0|I like Neil's quiet stuff... I'd get Harvest Moon first, but this is a keeper.  It's so quiet I'm not even sure I heard the whole thing...
B00004TL21|5.0|Great album! A little bit of a change from the previous two albums, but the Deftones really came through on evolving as a band. &quot;Passenger&quot; combines the voices of Keenan from Tool and Moreno to  create a perfect duo. I can honestly say that every song on this album is  awesome.
B00000J6AG|4.0|On Moby's '99 album &quot;Play&quot;, Moby uses soul and folk music to give his rhythm a little personality. The pianos and keyboards have a classical feel where the rhythm brings in a techno style and the vocals  make you want to celebrate. I believe Play is the best album of '99. The  album covers many levels and must be heard completely to uncover th whole  package. You don't even have to like dance to enjoy this record. Top cuts  include &quot;Honey&quot;, &quot;Machete&quot;, and &quot;Everloving&quot;.  Play is a definant classic.
0784010501|5.0|When I first saw this film in 1991 in a packed NYC theater, the reaction of the crowd was extraordinary.  It was as if we were all at a sold-out concert together..and had front row seats. The level of excitement and  kinetic energy in the audience was unforgettable.  This is a completely  over the top chronicle of the biggest and best tour of Madonna's career so  far. And who cares how manipulative or staged some of it might seem...   it's the close-up peeks at offstage life that this film allows that are  half the fun, real or not.  The other half of the fun are the truly genius  concert clips, impeccably filmed.  It becomes abundantly clear why Madonna  has been world-famous for nearly 20 years.  Some may think her career is  based on smoke and mirrors, but the level of professionalism, talent and  energy she exudes on stage make the case for her longetivity.  Get this one  on DVD...with the lights out and the surround sound cranked up...your  adrenaline will be racing...this is one of the best concert films ever  made.
B000001FFJ|5.0|This is what music should be about.  Tom Waits' best album &amp; one that will change the way you think about music.  Experience it!
B00004TL21|5.0|Great album! A little bit of a change from the previous two albums, but the Deftones really came through on evolving as a band. &quot;Passenger&quot; combines the voices of Keenan from Tool and Moreno to  create a perfect duo. I can honestly say that every song on this album is  awesome.
B00000J6AG|4.0|On Moby's '99 album &quot;Play&quot;, Moby uses soul and folk music to give his rhythm a little personality. The pianos and keyboards have a classical feel where the rhythm brings in a techno style and the vocals  make you want to celebrate. I believe Play is the best album of '99. The  album covers many levels and must be heard completely to uncover th whole  package. You don't even have to like dance to enjoy this record. Top cuts  include &quot;Honey&quot;, &quot;Machete&quot;, and &quot;Everloving&quot;.  Play is a definant classic.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This film will have a lasting impact, and, as the text inside the packaging points out, is indeed probably the movie by which all others of the 21st century should be compared. <br />I saw this movie first on  pay-per-view; I then had to purchase it. After seeing it for the first  time, at the last frame I proclaimed to myself &quot;This is the best movie  anyone has ever made.&quot; I was a film minor in college, and love to  critque films, finding inconsistencies, technical faux pas, etc. This film  has none. It is beautifully rendered and simply chock full of complexity  that takes multiple viewings to appreciate.<br />Once I got the DVD, I opened  it and laughed out loud. The packaging, printing and texture are so unique  and multi-layered I was startled. <br />Just see Fight Club. At least you'll  be trying to hit rock bottom, and that's a start right there. Be wowed by  its imagery and chuckle as it pulls all these tricks on your mind...and  succeeds. It tries to say many things, and nothing, and doesn't give a damn  if you get it or not. You're not supposed to. So don't buy it. Hey, that  DVD is my hand. Not yours.<br />Finally, to paraphrase Rolling Stone (again as  found in the packaging), Just how good is Fight Club? All the defenders of  the faith are yelling &quot;Stop! Don't see this movie!&quot; It is, in  fact, that good.<br />Wash up.
6305627401|5.0|Forget &quot;Autin Powers 2&quot; or &quot;American Pie&quot;, &quot;South Park Bigger Longer and Uncut&quot; was and is the funniest movie of last year. It was much more original than the disaster that is &quot;Austin  Powers the Spy Who Shagged Me&quot;. And it is alot more raunchy than  &quot;American Pie&quot;. If your looking for a movie that you can laugh at  over and over again, get &quot;South Park&quot;.
B00003OSTB|5.0|This movie was made in the days when hollywood was christian friendly, before the anything goes sleeze and question anything conservetivly christian attitude of today.  This story has a great plot and is family  friendly with a great marol story.  Also it should be noted that this is an  all time epic with spectacles not seen in most modern films(with the  exception of Gladiator) which replace grand movie making with special  effects and gore.  This movie is a must for the inteelegent movie watcher.
630242335X|4.0|This movie is the end of the James T. Kirk movie era, and it passes the torch nicely.  As the Cold War recently ended before it came out, so does Trek end the hostility between the Klingons and the good guys.  Kirk has to  confront his fears of retirement and of Klingons, as his conservative  streak is tested by the prospects of peace and people who hate Klingons  just as much as he does.
052594527X|5.0|Little is known about the life of Johannes Vermeer. With 35 paintings to his credit he's a bit of an enigma. Perhaps it is that enigmatic persona  that lends itself so well to the genre of speculative fiction. Dutch  Renaissance fiction, and specifically Vermeer, is the dernier cri right now  and the newest contributer is Tracy Chevalier with her novel, Girl With a  Pearl Earring. <br />Chevalier's novel centers around Vermeer's chaotic  seventeenth century Delft household. Enter sixteen year old Griet, forced  to work after her father is blinded in an accident. She is hired as a maid,  but her quiet steady manner and artistic inclination soon have her secretly  working with Vermeer; first cleaning his studio, then grinding pigments,  and finally posing secretly for the painting known as the &quot;Dutch Mona  Lisa.&quot; We watch Griet's transformation as an attractive young woman  who is already aware of her effect on men, to something more complex and  cunning. We listen to her efforts to de-feminize herself to deflect  unwanted attention, her rationalizations in her trading of dispassionate  minor sexual favors to achieve her goals, however vague they may  seem.<br />The beauty of Girl With a Pearl Earring, like a Vermeer itself,  lies in it's deceptive simplicity. The use of sparse, matter of fact  language belies the novel's depth and sophistication. Chevalier magically  weaves fact and fiction. She brilliantly explains the nuances of Vermeer's  masterpiece; the girl's odd expression, its mixture of innocence, guilt,  desire, and fear. This is a poignant bitter sweet story, part coming of age  novel, and part art history lesson, and too wonderful to miss.
0156421178|5.0|I don't want to add a note of bathos after the stirring &quot;this-book-not-only-changed-my-life-it-became-my-life&quot;-type reviews below but I bought this book at the airport after flying back from  a conference in Barcelona. I read it in one sitting and am full of renewed  respect for Orwell both as a man and a writer. What a cynical and apathetic  age we live in. As a Londoner I found the conclusion when Orwell returns  and describes his homeland as sleeping the &quot;deep, deep sleep of  England from which nothing will wake us but the roar of bombs&quot;  incredibly moving. A text that lives.
6300214400|4.0|Well, just when you thought he was gone for good (yeah, like anyone believed that), Spock is still alive.  This isn't as unbelievable as it sounds.  Kirk &amp; Co. show how far they are willing to go for a friend,  and end with a cliffhanger as good as the last one.  Christopher Lloyd is a  treat as the Klingon captain, and the movie starts to bring back the Trek  humor present in the TV series but overlooked to some extent in the 1st two  movies.
B00004SCX6|5.0|.....if you have only listened to britney spears at sea level then i highly recommend joining the mile high club.That is to say britney is if possible even more exciting at 30,000 ft.my um &quot;business&quot;  requires that i take monthly trips to Taiwan and this is all i listen to on  the flight.It increases my usual Britney euphoria 100 fold like when you  drink a whole mess of coors in denver and then fly to chicago and it even  stands up to the return trip from taiwan which is more then i can say for  drinking coors in chicago and flying back to denver.It is so inspiring when  i get to taiwan i am not at all jet lagged like i would be if i listened to  a lesser album.i am totally jazzed and ready to do some serious business!
0425170349|5.0|This is the first Clancy book that I read, and I was quite impressed. The action sequences were fantastic, and really grabbed my attention. The ending was a bit lagging, but overall, I thought this book was awesome. A  lot of fun to read.
0800177177|5.0|Love the movie, have it in Widescreen VHS, but on a recent travel to Spain I saw the LaserDisc version of it and it had an Insert of F.F. Copola narrating the StoryBoard for the Moive.  Does the DVD version has it?  If so Im willing to buy it =)
6305426694|5.0|This is the most incredible movie ever made about trying a wrongful death case and the accompanying emotional roller coaster the process generates for attorneys.  The opening scene will plant you firmly in your chair as  Jan Schlichtmann (played by John Travolta) explains the financial calculus  behind accepting and declining potential clients with personal injury  claims.  Jerome Facher (played by Robert Duvall) is infuriating with his  unending legal maneuverings designed to extract his corporate client from  an untenable legal position permeated with liability.  The traitorous  conduct of Schlichtmann's partners will make you wretch with disgust as  they scramble to save themselves at the expense of righting a terrible  wrong evidenced by a dozen dead children.  Engrossing, to say the  least.<br />Yes, the movie isn't perfect.  Travolta's portrayal of Jan  Schlichtmann doesn't completely mesh with the character in the book, there  isn't a practicing attorney alive who doesn't know Rule 11 (court-imposed  sanctions for unethical conduct), and the legal proceedings aren't quite  right.  Who cares?  If the director had included the day-to-day minutiae  involved in getting a case to trial, the film would have been three years  long!  My fellow reviewers are unreasonable in their unrelenting  critiques.<br />If you're involved in the legal profession, this film will  make you step back and reassess your brand of client representation.  Are  you taking the right cases?  Are you serving the needs of you clients - or  yourself?  Are you willing to give your all to the law?  Interesting, and  always stimulating, food for thought.<br />If you're a lay person, hold on -  you're in for the ride of your life.
B00000I9MK|4.0|I think this album is super innocent and sweet. Electronic Renaissance is really good.....and I Could Be Dreaming is beautiful. I think that this is the true Belle &amp; Sebastian, and I actually don't like their new  stuff.....so get this and ignore their new stuff. I think that now they are  getting caught up in trends and stuff....they're not so real anymore, at  least that's what I feel now. But THIS is good. Please buy it, oh and  you'll love The State That I Am In. *yum* *yum* *yum*!
0425170349|4.0|I liked the book. It was long with only a few breaks in the action. This was my 1st read in the ongoing saga. Not the way to read Clancy but I saw Hunt for Red October, Patriot Games, and Clear and Present Danger as movies  so I knew the storyline. Clark and Chavez have come a long way. Action in  this one starts with the initial plane trip to England. If you like stories  of Super elite teams of good guys beating the daylights out of terrorists,  this ones for you. Alot of interesting stuff and some good action.
0671867369|5.0|I have been reading World War II books (fiction, non-fiction) all of my life (47 years old.) I would have to place this in the top ten of all time! Significantly better in my opinion than &quot;Citizen Soldiers&quot; (a  very good book in its own right), this book takes you through the life of  Company E, 101st Airborne. Relying heavily on first person accounts, this  book gives you the true feel of war. Ambrose has tremendous admiration and  respect for the men of Company E, and takes you on an incredible ride  through D-Day, Holland and Bastogne. It is absolutely uncanny how he has  been able to capture the emotions of these men, running from fear to  boredom to exhiliration. By the time I was done, I felt I really KNEW these  men and the sacrifices they made for their country. As most of the WWII  generation is passing on, accounts like this will become rare. As Brokaw  put it, this truly was the &quot;Greatest Generation&quot;.
0783222955|5.0|I READ THE BOOK WHEN I WAS 13 AND SAW THE MOVIE A FEW YEARS LATER AND WAS  NOT DISAPPOINTED.  GREGORY PECK IS WONDERFUL IN THIS MOVIE AND I COULD  BELIEVE HE WAS ATTICUS FINCH.  THE TWO CHILDREN ARE ALSO SO VERY GOOD.  IT  IS A MOVIE I WILL HAVE MY CHILDREN WATCH AND HOPEFULLY MY CHILDREN'S  CHILDREN.  EVEN THOUGH ITS AN OLD MOVIE THE THEME IS SO VERY REVELANT  TODAY.
0802136834|5.0|I have always loved history, especially stories of the Kings &amp; Queens of England. This is by far the best book I have found. Alison Weir tell the tale of the infamous Henry VIII, his 6 wives, and all the rest of his  courtiers in a scholarly but easily understandable fashion. The complex  personality of the King is unfolded as the tale of his 6 Queens is told:  Katherine of Aragon the proud, stubborn Spanish princess, Anne Bolyen the  ambitious girl the people called the &quot;Great Whore,&quot; the  deceptively strong willed Jane Seymore who gave Henry the son he so  despratly longed for, Princess Anne of Cleves who's looks did not please  the King, the young &amp; foolish Katherine Howard, and finally the  schorally Stepmother &amp; nurse Catherine Parr. Anyone intrested in this  period MUST read this book
B000002KH3|5.0|As the title says, this is their best album. Obviously you get the hits, like &quot;Eruption,&quot; &quot;You Really Got Me,&quot; &quot;Running With The Devil,&quot; etc...but this album will completely grasp your  attention and not let go from start to finish. Every song is great and if  you don't have this album yet, isn't it about time you found that out for  yourself?
B00002DE0S|5.0|Emotional power and performance ingeniuity make this recording a unique among others. Definitely a choice for those who appreciate finess and effervescence in music, rather than academic rigour. My best recomendations  -  great music made even greater!
B000002U9W|5.0|This, in my very humble opinion, is the best Pink Floyd album of all time. Although it has a short span of five tracks, the first one is for all practical purposes, a five track song packed into one. Clocking in at well  over 20 minutes, it boggles the mind when listened to. For anyone who wants  the full effect of this song, put on some headphones and set the bass on  high. I get a rush everytime I hear this song with my headphones on. It is  a feeling that only music can give a person, and I hope everyone will enjoy  it as much as I do. Aside from the mind-blowing opener, there is If, a very  under-rated work, and my personal favorite, Fat Old Sun. Summer of '68  would have been a star on any other album. The closing tune, Alan's  Psychadelic Breakfast, is another slow, sprawling song with great melodies  for everyone to enjoy. This was Pink Floyd's first few attempts at the  great epic songs that would make me love them so much. None of those ever  came close to Atom Heart Mother Suite. Buy this album now if you love  music, if you're a Pink Floyd fan you should already own it.
B00004R99M|5.0|this magical roller coaster ride will sweep you off your feet and you will not land on the ground until the credits begin to roll. this is a reminder of how creative and charming film has been and still could be. lots of fun  to watch with the kids and still today, even the adults. buy it!
6305776369|5.0|I enjoyed the movie Superstar because it related a lot of it's context to real life. That, and it was extremely funny. The actors were well chosen, and Molly Shannon's performance was just to die for. As for Sister Mary  Cathrine....well, let's focus on the movie itself. It was a great movie,  and I would recommend it to everyone who has a sense of humor! (Sorry, but  all you meanies out there wouldn't like it!)
B000002UA5|5.0|Sysyphus is a masterpiece, I can see clearly that the overture at the beginning is the start of life.  Life's road is takes us to part 2wo where we go though childhood and you can feel your mind echo back to those days.   Part 3 is about life's trials, feelings of hate, anger, rejection, &amp;  love.  Part four is when apathy sets in and eventually brings us to death.   The reprise from part one comes in at a faded start then overpowers the  rest of the music then you realize the beginning is the end and the end is  the beginning. The truth will always come out in the end no matter who you  blame your faults on, no matter what you do or what you say. In the  beginning there is truth, in the end there is the truth.<br />D.F.F &amp;  J.J.L.H.
630528069X|5.0|hands down, this movie is it. the action, the stunts, the dialogue, the characters, the story, plot twists.. this movie has got it ALL. it flakes on nothing, and highly delivers on everything. it even has urkel's neighbor  in it. DA BOMB!
6303168507|5.0|When I first saw Schindler's List, it touched me emotionally unlike any film ever had before. It is the most powerful film I have ever seen. The skillful direction of Steven Spielberg, the excellent screenplay and  cinematography, and the performances of Liam Neeson and Ralph Fiennes are  some of the most moving performances I have ever seen in a film.  In the  film's last few minutes, I was literally in tears. This is a cinematic  masterpiece that is better than any film created by Steven Spielberg, which  is a higher honor than any I can think of.  A must-see for those looking  for an excellent film.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This CD had me hooked from the beginning! Although I originally bought the CD after hearing the wonderful Roswell theme &quot;Here with me&quot; All of the songs are of the highest quality. I had a bit of a wait in getting  this album but once it arrived it was definately worth it. <br />To anyone  thinking of buying this album go for it! You will not be disapointed.  <br />Happy listening!
0195851188|5.0|This book was astounding. Never have i read such a wonderful piece of literature.  Highly recommended!
0451163532|5.0|On The Wings of Eagles is destined to be a classic.  It is the true life story of Ross Perot trying to save members of his corporation who are being held hostage by the Iranian government.  He first tries using his clout and  influence in Washington but when that does not work he hires a team of  mercenaries to go to Iran to free the hostages and return unharmed to the  United States.<br />The book reads like a fictional spy novel; however, it is  a true story.  Not &quot;based on a true story&quot; but 100% nonfiction,  according to author Ken Follett.  Nevertheless, this is one book that you  will just not want to put down.<br />The maps, pictures, and cast of  characters list makes the book even easier to follow.<br />Furthermore, the  book also gives insight into the real life character, ex-presidental  candidate, Ross Perot.
B0000024TQ|5.0|This S and G is a timeless classic.  &quot;Save The Life of My Child&quot; could happen today, but most of all, &quot;Voices of Old People&quot; and &quot;Bookends&quot; are timeless, too. I recall riding by a town common  one day with my wife in Autumn, and seeing a couple of old men sittng on a  park bench. She said that it was like &quot;constant companions, the old  men, lost in their overcoats, waiting for the sun.&quot; My best friend  died at 41, and I always  thought that we would end up just like the old  men. Anyway, all the tunes are timeless!
B000002KK2|3.0|I bought this album expecting it to be played weekly at least, based on the rave reviews.All I can say is it doesn't have a lot of staying power to me.  I listened to it about 4 times.  'Chuck E' is listenable, but most of  the rest got tiring.  I think the lyrics aren't all that interesting, and  her voice is mediocre.
0767802659|3.0|Granted, the movie was very unrealistic and in fact put the novel to shame (the novel being an excellent story) I would like to view this movie as less of a Hollywood-era fire-and-forget sci-fi flick and more of an  analyzation of propoganda and fascism illustrated on the human's part. Look  closely and you might just see the similarities it bears to Nazi Germany  during World War II. For those of who who are interested in this kind of  thing, Starship Troopers is worth a rental. For those of you looking for a  unique addition to the sci-fi war universe...keep hunting.
B00004TL21|5.0|One of the most representative groups of the alternative music in the begining of the 21st century...energy and ghostly charged inside a singular atmosphere and a surreal world! I'm sure you will feel like if your back is  touched by ice...
6305903182|4.0|Take it from me guys:the Scream trilogy is by far the best thriller series ever to grace our screens.And among the likes of the Alien ,Godfather and Star Wars trilogies,Scream is one of the best trilogies of any movie  type.Scream3 is deffinately an important addition to the previous 2,not  only 'cause it provides the final chapter of the series but because it  is,on it's own, a great movie.It is very different from the other two as  far as character is concerned:it is darker,moody and very post  modern-ish.Which is cool cause it gets it's own unique flavor while still  managing to link directly to the rest of the trilogy.Neve is really  good,Potsy is really funny and in general all seem to fit in nicely with  the movie(although Cox looks like a dag,but still delivers the  thrills).Part 3 is also more comic than scary,but Scream was never a true  horror film,nor did it ever try to be one.Scream relied more on it's clever  plot than on the horror stuff,and part 3 is very clever indeed.All in all  this is one of the best films of it's kind out there,and the trilogy a true  classic jem.
0064407667|5.0|An excellent beginning to this series.  The trio of Violet (the one with the inventive mind), Klaus (the one who loves reading about animals) and baby Sunny (the one who loves anything related to chewing) are extremely sympathetic.  You can't help but do so when their chance of a happy ending  are constantly ruined by such vile characters as the evil Count Olaf (not a  good sort at all) and his creepy henchmen (like the hook handed man).<br />If  you like happy endings or chipper tales, turn right away.  But don't let  the dark tone fool you.   Lemony Snicket juxtaposes a light narrative over  these dire circumstances making for a very enjoyable read.
B00004SCX6|2.0|I bought this album clearly to find out if it lived up to the whirlwind of hype created around it. What I found was computerized voices, sythesizers galore, and really no &quot;quality&quot; music. My one question: What  would happen if the power went out? Well, I guess the answer is clear.  Britney would have to survive on natural talent. Enough is enough.
B00004TRD8|4.0|Okay, I loved T2. But it was one little problem, it should be more action. It was a little slow, you know, takes the boy, runs from the other terminator, save the world and. . . . Well, that in 2 1/2 hours. But hey,  its a very good action movie
0783240503|5.0|We all know the story of Joseph and his brothers who lived long ago. Many have probably heard it several times -- but never in the manner that Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice have magnificently created. The songs are all  great - and believe me, after watching this you'll be singing them for  days. The richly animated cast presents the story humorously. Donny Osmond  does a knock out job as Joseph, pulling emotions left and right. The  costumes and sets are of fantastic craftsmanship. Watching this is a great  way to have your history and enjoy it too!
0767903811|1.0|While some of Bryson's observations about American life are amusing, most of his columns are tiresome, cliche-ridden and plain uninformative.<br />His columns follow the old formula of ending with a seemingly-quirky statement  resulting from an observation in the opening paragraphs. Bryson also  doesn't seem to do any real reporting -- leaving his desk and his telephone  and talking to people in person.<br />Instead, he takes the lazy way out --  reading newspapers and magazines for all of his information. As a result,  his columns tend to be predictable observations on funny statistics. As all  good reporters and columnists know, you must get your own first-hand  sources instead of merely relying on second or even third-hand sources.<br />I  bought this book at Hong Kong Int'l Airport, as I had many long hours on  the plane to while away the time on the 18-hour flight home. Thank goodness  I brought other books with me to read. Otherwise I would have been not just  uncomfortable and cramped from the long flight, but bored and irritated as  well.
006109594X|1.0|This is one of the worst books that I have ever read.  Numerous factual errors, horrible character development, meaningless plot twists, and muddled political bombasts sum up this work of technotrash.  I kept reading  only to see how stupid the ending would be, and I wasn't disappointed.
B000002BPS|4.0|Came a little late after smash, but the effort shows. In tracks like Change the World, you get the true meaning of the Offsprings punk attitude. In my personal favorite, Gone Away, you get the feelings of a guy who lost  so much when he lost his girl(maybe a family member). Combined with a  blistering, heart-filled tune, It is a monster hit. The rest of the songs  on the CD tend to be really upbeat, and if you're looking for a really good  record to buy, this is it.
B000007UZ8|4.0|The reason that I replay Radiohead's The Bends at least once a week is that the album is simply honest, dense, perfectly produced, profoundly lifting and depressing as hell. And that is only the first song. Pablo  Honey with the bonus tracks is a look into the under-produced Radiohead at  their ealiest and rawest. Pablo Honey as a stand alone album is worth the  purchase but the live tracks, including amazing recording of ripcord cannot  be passed up. Pop is Dead is another track, left off the original album, is  reminiscent of Elvis Costello's visciously biting-the-hand-that-feeds Radio  Radio. I have told friends that I couldn't imagine the leap that the band  made from Pablo to the Bends but after a solid month in my cd circulation  it isn't hard to imagine.
B000002AZ8|5.0|Vitalogy rips gaping holes through any other rock act playing today and then turns around and patches them up as a sign of good faith, edging them on to do better. I have a feeling that this album will grow in popularity  as time goes on and ten years from now, it will be essential listening  material for any rock-afficianado, if it isn't already. As another reviewer  with limited English skills said, &quot;It makes you feel and that's  it&quot;. In an age where everyday it becomes a little more dangerous to do  so, this album is like a shot in the arm. Some music just soothes your  mind, makes you feel at ease. Music like this wakes you up, gives you hope,  asks questions, urges you to believe that there is something more to life  than what we see, that there is beauty if you look hard enough. These  insights are precious commodities and few bands can fuel them into the  center stage of your brain as courageously as Pearl Jam can. From the first  time I heard the opening notes of this album broadcast on the radio in it's  entirety before the album came out, to the last time I listened to it,  Vitalogy has never failed me. As a human being I need hope. Pearl Jam  delivers it and blows the whole curve in the process.
B000023X9W|5.0|The feel of this album is pure Neil. It's like he invites you over to his house, and there he is playing with a few old friends. They're all playing personal favorites, and they're letting you listen in. You don't know the  songs but they're so honest, so true, you feel right at home. The quality  of this recording is also good (a HDCD),so you really do feel like you're  there. From the opening &quot;Good To See You&quot;, the songs are  timeless. Neil gets a bit sentimental on a few tunes, and joyful on others,  but those are his strong points. The musicianship is restrained, but  creates a texture that compliments his vocals to the fullest. Out of the 10  songs on this short (39 min.)album, 7 have become stuck in my head, in a  good way.   The video &quot;Silver &amp; Gold&quot; is also worth having.  It has a few different songs, and some the same, only solo acoustic, live  from his tour before the CSN&amp;Y reunion.  Get both and enjoy.
0440219078|5.0|A wonderful story about aspects of life most people take for granted. I can't bear to give away any of the storyline, because you have to read it for yourself, but this book definitely shows a new perspective on life, and  appreciating the freedoms we enjoy. The tone is mysterious yet not  confusing; a beckoning call to read on and discover more about the strange  world in which Jonas, the main character, lives. Lowry brings the message  across smoothly and clearly, yet never dangles it in your face. I can only  say that you have to read this book for yourself to appreciate it: no  review can put across the feeling &quot;The Giver&quot; manifests in its  story.
0790749815|5.0|this is a great movie on so many levels. From the opening scene,no from the opening titles you are hustled through the film and ejected breathless at the end. It's definitely a film to keep and view again and again. It  would be interesting to see a remake,but would need a director with flair.  Luc Besson maybe? It would need style.
0684833395|5.0|Try Catch-22: it definitely stands out as one of the more interesting books I've read! This mockery of war and all things associated with it never ceases to amaze me. Always dead-pan hilarious and exciting, Catch-22  is a rollercoaster -- no, a backwards rollercoaster! You never know when  the next exciting turn will come, or where it will lead. It's  laugh-out-loud funny, no exagerration, something rare, though much sought  after. I can tell you that I've personally cracked up out loud many times  in the middle of reading, something which scared my friends a little, who  were sitting with me while we read &lt;grin&gt; The humor is sometimes  blatantly reckless, sometimes hidden and subtle, but always well-thought  out -- or perhaps not thought out at all! The wild onslought of characters  and events is mind-boggling, yet fun. The events are occasionally a tad  risque, but anyone who is mature enough to handle it shouldn't be swayed by  it. Overall, a fabulously unique novel!
0393312836|4.0|I thought that the nasdat slang made this book more fun to read.  It wasn't really all that difficult to figure out, and yet it was still diffrent enough to make you think and focus on what you were reading.  The  moral issues which this book revolves around were intriguing and thought  provoking.  I would recommend this book.
B000031WD9|3.0|I thought the movie was pretty entertaing, but could have been better. Very funny but with crude acting. Please do teenagers really act like that in high school.  The Foreign student Nadia, please do teenagers really act  and dress like that.
B00004TL21|3.0|to be honest, i was somewhat disappointed with deftone's new cd.  It lacked the intensity, and emotion that the others did.  granted it was still there, just not near as much.  it seems like there's always a time  when a band tries to venture out looking for a new sound i.e. metallica's  load, and soundgarden's down on the upside.  but i feel that band's should  stick with what they do best.  stick with what got them there in the first  place.  of course any true deftones fan will like the album somewhat,  because it's the deftones.  you just can't beat chino's vocals, and  stephen's guitar riffs, but sad to say, alot of the times, the song's leave  you &quot;bored&quot;, and give you a feeling of going nowhere
6304259093|1.0|This movie is a disgrace to the movie name The Crow. They should of stopped after making the first one.
0195067142|5.0|This book will stay with you always . It is the best view into the mind of a WW 2 Marine I have ever encountered .The savagery of island fighting is described in a matter of fact manner .If there is an equal to this account  , I have not found it . Mr. Sledge has done a magnificant job .
B00004SCX6|5.0|This CD is much better than the first and shows maturity.  Out of all the new pop sensations, you can't beat an original- Britney.  Track 2 is the most energetic song I've heard in years.
B00000JCB2|5.0|hey com'n this is the best cd ever i mean RAP,METAL,RYTHIM,GOOD LRYCS TOP 100 BEST SONG'S IN THE 90'S SPIN AND ROLLING STONE  10 FOR 10 41 ON THE BILLBOARD CHARTS IF YOU ARE A PUNK FAN THIS FOR YOU MI:2 SOUNDTRACK: LIMP  BIZKIT!  IT HAS A GREAT RYTHIM IT GETS YOU GOIN'N YOU JUST  CAN'T NOT LIKE THIS CD IF YOU AREA RAP FAN BUT WAIT THERE MORE SIPN ASKED  OVER 5,000 PEOPLE WHO THERE FAV BAND WAS AND GUESS WHAT BIZKIT CAME 2 TO  BACKSTREET BOYS
B00004T8RK|4.0|Pearl Jam should get credit for one thing, they mix there styles of music on every album.....could you honestly listen to six PJ albums that sounded just like &quot;Ten&quot;?   Binaural is a good album and these guys are  here to stay for the long haul.  Binaural is no Ten or not even a Yield but  then again this band is in a position to do whatever they want and play  however they want....this album is pretty rad and once again different then  anything in the past.
B00004T9UH|5.0|i have 18 words to describe it .....cool cool cool cool coll cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool thats more than 18 words but o well <br />Peace out, <br />Nick
B00004TL21|5.0|I GOT THIS ALBUM ON THE DAY IT CAME OUT AND LISTENED TO IT 4 TIMES ON THE DAY.IT SHOCKED ME BY HOW AMAZING IT WAS.I HAVE DEFTONES FIRST 2 ALBUMS AND I WAS EXPECTING A HEAVY MOSH-TO ALBUM BUT THIS ALBUM IS DIFFERENT,AND  BETTER! THE FIRST SONG IS TRYPICAL DEFTONES WITH FLOWING  GUITARS.DIGITAL BATH IS DIFFERENT,BUT AMAZING.ELITE IS A HEAVY SONG AND  VERY GOOD.KOREA,KNIFE PARTY AND STREET CARP ARE ALSO TRADITIONAL DEFTONES  AND PASSENGER IS AN AMAZING,DARK SONG WITH EXCELLENT VOCALS FROM CHINO AND  THE TOOL SINGER.CHANGE{IN THE HOUSE OF FLIES}IS THE BEST ON THIS ALBUM,I  LOVE IT! AND PINK MAGGIT IS A GREAT WAY TO END THE ALBUM.NOT 1 BAD SONG ON  THE ALBUM.THE WHITE PONY HAS LANDED!
B00004T9UH|5.0|i have 18 words to describe it .....cool cool cool cool coll cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool thats more than 18 words but o well <br />Peace out, <br />Nick
0060273224|5.0|&quot;Sabriel&quot; is truly, the best book I ever read. The other costomers basically summed up the plot for those of you who are unsure on whether to purchase it or not-but trust me, you'll love it! Even better  news is: THERE IS GOING TO BE A SEQUEL! That's 2 sequels to be exact. It  follows 20 years after &quot;Sabriel,&quot; and follows up on her and  Touchstone's kids, Ellimere and Sameth (as well as Lirael of the Clayr).  This book is to be called &quot;Daughter of the Clayr.&quot; The second  book will most likley be called &quot;Abhorsen.&quot; I'm so excited, and I  know all of you devote Garth Nix fans out there will be just as anxious as  me!
0440219078|5.0|This is one of the BEST children's books I have ever read for exposing the sick reality of what a socialistic society would be (the &quot;ideal&quot;, could it actually be reached). I recommend it HIGHLY.
6305311463|1.0|If it weren't for the big budget and A-list stars, this would be a prime candidate for &quot;Mystery Science Theater 3000.&quot; The special effects may be great, but the editing is horrible; there are long stretches of this  movie where I defy you to tell exactly what is happening to whom. The  characters are pure, 100-percent cardboard, and their basic character  traits change at the whim of the screenwriters and the necessity of the  dull, by-the-numbers plot. I would really love to have recorded the private  discussions between Ben Affleck and Billy Bob Thornton (both Oscar-winning  screenwriters) regarding the script for &quot;Armageddon&quot;; I'm certain  their comments would require a very strong Parental Advisory!
B00004TL21|4.0|While softer, this album maintains the deftones feel to it. It has some bone crunching heavy parts as well as some spine chilling gentle songs. You won't be dissapointed.
B00004TL21|5.0|Even the most hardcore heavy metal fan will find something to enjoy in the Deftones' third album.  The music is softer and more refined, yet still retains the driving beat of the previous two.  Of course, the singer is the  same so the lyrics are still topnotch.  The cover art is pretty lame, but  that is the only complaint I have.  If you liked their previous two albums,  or are looking for a way to get into the Deftones, then I highly recommend  White Pony.
B00004SCX6|5.0|........missing out on some of the greatest songs ever created. Britney has made another sure to be successful album. I don't know where to start?   The album is fantastic, it is one of those albums where every song could be  a single, they are all great even the song Brit wrote- DEAR DIARY. some of  the greatest songs on the album are LUCKY, STRONGER, WHAT U SEE IS WHAT U  GET, DON'T GO KNOKIN ON MY DOOR, CAN'T MAKE YOU LOVE ME,AND WHERE R U( one  of my personal favs) and of course OPPS!.. I DID IT AGAGIN + much more! The  album has got some new sounds to it such as in DON'T GO KNOKIN ON MY DOOR  which has some cool hip-hop flavor to it!  she also did a remake of CAN'T  GET NO SATISFACTION BY THE Rolling Stones which is awesome. I know that you  are probably thinking that it is absurd to do reamake a song like that but  you will be pleasantly suprised!  Over all the album is fantastic and you  should purchase it. You will be over joyed you did so!  It is no waste of  money! :):) ps- As I read through these reviews I notice alot of Christina  Agui... (whatever) fans writing about how bad Brits Cd is when you probably  have never heard it!  In case you didn't know Christina has her own review  section where you can write about her cheesy CD( I would much rather eat  nails than listen to it)!  So get out of Brits review section and go  support Miss &quot;I sing like a constipated parrot&quot;Aguilera( did I  spell it Right? ) Thanx- DON'T FORGET TO BUY BRITNEY SPEARS' NEW CD  &quot;OPPS!..I DID IT AGAIN&quot;
B00004T9UF|5.0|I liked eminem since he first came out.look if your are trying to find a good cd you got to pick &quot;The Marshal Matheres lp&quot; it is the bomb. No other rapper is as good as shady. this is all i got to say, so you  better buy it, if not you are gonna miss alot!
B00004SCX6|5.0|........missing out on some of the greatest songs ever created. Britney has made another sure to be successful album. I don't know where to start?  The album is fantastic, it is one of those albums where every song could be  a single, they are all great even the song Brit wrote- DEAR DIARY. some of  the greatest songs on the album are LUCKY, STRONGER, WHAT U SEE IS WHAT U  GET, DON'T GO KNOKIN ON MY DOOR, CAN'T MAKE YOU LOVE ME,AND WHERE R U( one  of my personal favs) and of course OPPS!.. I DID IT AGAGIN + much more! The  album has got some new sounds to it such as in DON'T GO KNOKIN ON MY DOOR  which has some cool hip-hop flavor to it!  she also did a remake of CAN'T  GET NO SATISFACTION BY THE Rolling Stones which is awesome. I know that you  are probably thinking that it is absurd to do reamake a song like that but  you will be pleasantly suprised!  Over all the album is fantastic and you  should purchase it. You will be over joyed you did so!  It is no waste of  money! :):) ps- As I read through these reviews I notice alot of Christina  Agui... (whatever) fans writing about how bad Brits Cd is when you probably  have never heard it!  In case you didn't know Christina has her own review  section where you can write about her cheesy CD( I would much rather eat  nails than listen to it)!  So get out of Brits review section and go  support Miss &quot;I sing like a constipated parrot&quot;Aguilera( did I  spell it Right? ) Thanx- DON'T FORGET TO BUY BRITNEY SPEARS' NEW CD  &quot;OPPS!..I DID IT AGAIN&quot;
B00004T9UF|5.0|I liked eminem since he first came out.look if your are trying to find a good cd you got to pick &quot;The Marshal Matheres lp&quot; it is the bomb. No other rapper is as good as shady. this is all i got to say, so you  better buy it, if not you are gonna miss alot!
B00004SCX6|5.0|........missing out on some of the greatest songs ever created. Britney has made another sure to be successful album. I don't know where to start?  The album is fantastic, it is one of those albums where every song could be  a single, they are all great even the song Brit wrote- DEAR DIARY. some of  the greatest songs on the album are LUCKY, STRONGER, WHAT U SEE IS WHAT U  GET, DON'T GO KNOKIN ON MY DOOR, CAN'T MAKE YOU LOVE ME,AND WHERE R U( one  of my personal favs) and of course OPPS!.. I DID IT AGAGIN + much more! The  album has got some new sounds to it such as in DON'T GO KNOKIN ON MY DOOR  which has some cool hip-hop flavor to it!  she also did a remake of CAN'T  GET NO SATISFACTION BY THE Rolling Stones which is awesome. I know that you  are probably thinking that it is absurd to do reamake a song like that but  you will be pleasantly suprised!  Over all the album is fantastic and you  should purchase it. You will be over joyed you did so!  It is no waste of  money! :):) ps- As I read through these reviews I notice alot of Christina  Agui... (whatever) fans writing about how bad Brits Cd is when you probably  have never heard it!  In case you didn't know Christina has her own review  section where you can write about her cheesy CD( I would much rather eat  nails than listen to it)!  So get out of Brits review section and go  support Miss &quot;I sing like a constipated parrot&quot;Aguilera( did I  spell it Right? ) Thanx- DON'T FORGET TO BUY BRITNEY SPEARS' NEW CD  &quot;OPPS!..I DID IT AGAIN&quot;
B00004T8RK|5.0|I think everyone is missing the one song that makes this album a brand new take on for pearl jam. GREIVANCE....why doesn't anyone mention this song in a review? This may be the best rock song of the past five years, and in my  opinion is one of the best political rock songs of the nineties. Pearl Jam  once again tries on a different hat and makes another perfect fit. There is  no PJ  &quot;sound&quot;, there is no PJ  &quot;label&quot;. It is all  about the MUSIC, it is all about the experience. That is what they are  giving us and what we should take. I just cannot get over the snubbing of  this song in many a review. This is a ROCK album, this is a CLASSIC album.
B00004R99F|5.0|After I saw &quot;A Goofy Movie&quot; on VHS, I instantly wanted to purchase it. But I thought it would be better to wait until it was released on DVD. And I was right. The DVD version is great, and worth the wait! I  love the extras and along with the movie, makes this a must purchase DVD!
B00004TL21|5.0|I now own all three if the Deftones' CD's and this one is the best.  Alot of reviews say they have some &quot;soft&quot; songs on the album, which is true.  Don't worry, they still play tons of heavy stuff.  The best tracks  on the album(in my opinion) are &quot;Change(In the house of flies)&quot;  and &quot;Korea&quot;.  If you can't find the LIMITED EDITION Black or Red  CD's then go with this one, you won't be dissapointed.
B00001U03Q|5.0|This is an excellent compilation, because is the perfect combination between the classic music from Eric Clapton and the new music (produced in the last of the 90&quot;s). Here you can find an excellent new songs like  blue eyes blue and (I) get lost, I never hear before, but if you are an old  fan of Eric Clapton, this is an excellent CD, because hear you can find  classic tittles like Before You Acusse Me, Forever Man, Pretending, and the  unplugged versions of Tears in Heaven, Layla and Runnig On Faith. Eric  Clapton is one of the best guitarrist in the world, in fact is a legendary  artist that try (with excellents results) to continue produce an excellent  kind of music in this time where the good music is just a little thing. AN  EXCELLENT CD FOR ALL THE OLD AND NEW FANS OF ERIC CLAPTON.
0062502182|1.0|... unfortunately the original bits aren't inspiring and the inspiring bits aren't original. (Ok, OK, if Coelho can rip ideas off why can't I?). <br />This I-Spy book of philosophy is nothing more than 10th rate, watered  down Voltaire. For Santiago, read Candide and you'll get some idea of where  Coelho's influences came from. If you have not already read Candide or  Micromgas, then you may find a spark or two of inspiration within The  Alchemist, as Coelho does pull the right string occasionally, making the  reader ponder where life is taking them and the essential power each of us  possesses to change things. Admirable stuff indeed! When, however one  recognises how dirivative and inferior Coelho's writings are, the message  becomes tainted, insubstantial and ultimately worthless. <br />By all means  click to register your disapproval of my little review, but please, try  Voltaire's Candide, either in the original version (if your french is up to  it) or in one of the excellent english translations available, and  experience the wisdom and humour of a true master who genuinely understood  life's great comedy. Coelho falls far short of those he seeks so  desperately to emulate.
0783229887|2.0|because you will not get it with this. While seeing two dolls smole, sass each other and have sex is funny when finals time roll around, the rest of the year, it does not carry the same punch and is more bizzare than scary.<br />I saw the first Child's Play movies when they came out, and this one is  admittedly different from the others.<br />While this is neither automaticaly  bad nor good, I was glad I had free tickets to this movie because I probaly  would not have wasted my time on it otherwise. The idea that two nonliving  dolls can procreate is only one of the more off the wall portions of the  film.<br />I think that this movie is a prime example of what my parents were  talking about when they said horror movies were the pinacle of camp, cheese  and shock and I was too engrossed in it to really listen.
B000002B30|4.0|This IS what rock is...not todays stuff, but the origanal, the Real McCoy. &quot;Roll down your window/and let the wind blow back your hair...&quot; is precisly what rock and roll is suposed to make you do! And with songs  like &quot;Atlantic City&quot;, &quot;Thunder Road&quot;, &quot;The  River&quot;, &quot;Dancing In The Dark&quot;, &quot;Born in the USA&quot;  and &quot;Born to Run&quot;, this CD is everything desirable.
079213690X|5.0|This is one of the best drama movies of all time. (Personally it's my favorite movie) I enjoyed every second of this movie. Mel could of cut back on the violence a little, on the other hand it made the movie more  realistic. I was grabbed by the kid's tear when his dad died in the  begining. The rest of the movie was so good I found my self crying at the  end. Almost every character in this movie deserves an oscar nomination.
6302914205|5.0|This is definitely the series that started it all...American Gothic, X Files.  They have nothing on David Lynch.  These last few episodes are amazing, but you must see them all.  Talk about bizarre.  They had me on  the edge of my seat waiting for the next episode.  I watched them all in a  week!
B000002H33|5.0|Many people compare this album to Reign in Blood and Peace Sells.I think Master of puppets is far superior for these reasons. The guitars have a wicked knife edge cutting soud that the forementioned albums lack. The  lyrics in Master of Puppets also have lots more depth and substance to  them. Metallica isn't a bunch of mindless metalheads either, shown with the  slower, more acoustic Sanitarium. Metallica gives equal distribution to all  instruments with bass solos that not many other bands do. Also they do  instrumentals, which are really great and shows their compositional skills  as well as their musical talent. Metallica also does speedy stuff because  it can deepen their music, not like Slayer where everything has to go at  breakneck pace. I know Slayer fans will hate me for this review. Not to  totally badmouth Slayer and Megadeth, Slayer is pretty good and Megadeth is  great but I don't think either band could match this metal masterpiece.  This is the greatest metal album ever and I don't think it will ever be  overthrown. I'm even listening to it as i write this review.
B00003CX95|5.0|This was the best film of the 90's. No other film captured so purely the emotion of this masterpiece. Action, Romance , Courage, Strength, and Scottish accents all wrapped up into one movie! Simply put, it's exceptional! For those who argue about the film's historical value. After  Wallace was eliminated, who do you think noted these events into the annuls  of history? Sorry but the common man was very much illiterate.  &quot;Historians from England will say that I am a liar, but history is  written by those who have hanged heroes.&quot;
B000031XCR|5.0|I hear a lot of people who say they don't care for celine at all. They are entitled to their opinion :) I for one think she is one of the greatest singers during my lifetime thus far. Her music touches me in ways that are unimaginable. I've even chosen \\"Fly\\" that I want to be played at my funeral. Her songs bring back memories of college, lost loves, slow dances, tears, laughter. The french versions of many of these are even more powerful when sung in her native tongue. A must for any Celine fan - add it to your collection...<br /><br />There are only a few new songs on this one (and they are colour coded on the back in a blue colour so you know which ones are new)...the others will be some of your old favourites from previously published albums.......it's a mix of english and non-english which is a good balance based on the volume of work she's done in other languages........if you're a fan, then you already have this most likely...if you don't own any celine cd's this is !a good starter because you'll get a good selection from early to recent....
0446677450|3.0|Having promised myself years ago to 'DO' something about investments for getting wealthier and for retirement like many did nothing, always too busy.  Well, this book is a wake-up call to all those investment savvy  wannabees, like myself who keep putting it off.  If you can't set an  example to your children then how are they to learn?  Start small and have  fun is good advice.  Robert does however 'go on a bit' with repetition on  some of his principals, but I wonder if that's not deliberate, to get us  all to LISTEN to him.  Wonderful light reading, inspiring and yes this time  I am going to do it.  For the children's sake atleast.
6305922756|5.0|If there is any evidence that the AFI needs to have their list-making licenses revoked, it is (a) that &quot;This Is Spinal Tap&quot; appeared only 29th on the &quot;100 Funniest American Movies&quot; list, and (b)  that it was completely absent from the &quot;100 Best American Movies&quot;  collection. There simply has never been a more complete comedy than  &quot;This Is Spinal Tap.&quot; It sits atop my list as the most clever,  witty, and quotable film ever produced.<br />Director Rob Reiner (who also  directed &quot;The Princess Bride&quot;) shows us the twilight months of  the title band, who is almost in denial of their waning popularity. It is a  truly accurate portrayal of a washed-up rock group, and perhaps the paragon  of satirical films. With the benefit of some of comedy's most talented  actors, including Christopher Guest and Harry Shearer, there is no low  point to the film.<br />It is delightful to watch the band's almost  embarassing decline as they encounter obstacles such as an 18&quot;  Stonehenge, ill-proportioned sandwich meat, second billing to a puppet  show, and of course exploding drummers. The band's naivte and stupidity,  juxtaposed to false confidence, is a formula for humor. Also entertaining  are the frequent star cameos, including Paul Schaffer and Billy  Crystal.<br />One's entertainment library would simply be void without  &quot;This Is Spinal Tap.&quot; Besides, this one goes to 11.
B00004TH83|5.0|You will not be disappointed with this one!   I have always been a huge fan of Celine Dion, but Lara Fabian has won me over!  The songs are phenominal and her voice is unbelievable!   What a performer!   Wait till  you hear her on &quot;You Are Not From Here!&quot; and the emotional  &quot;Broken Vow&quot; will bring you to tears!  And to think she wrote  mostly all these songs!   EXCELLENT!
B00003W8NM|5.0|I loved &quot;Fight Club&quot; from start to finish. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt are fantastic. <br />&quot;Fight Club&quot; is about the decay of society; materialism vs. rejection, and forming a camaraderie with those  who reject societal values.<br />The fight sequences are the best, most  realistic I have seen and as well crafted as &quot;Raging Bull.&quot;  Simply put, they look incredibly real.<br />The ending was a bit far-fetched  but that's the point of movies: to get away from reality. This one is  totally absorbing. I loved it.
B00004T8RK|5.0|This CD is absolutely amazing! It proves once and for all that Pearl Jam is one of the most diverse and talented rock bands out there. This is one of the very few CDs I've ever heard where every song on it is good. I don't  skip a single song when I pop this thing into my player. The mix of slow  and fast tunes is excellent. &quot;Of the girl&quot; blew away when I first  heard it. So did &quot;Sleight of hand,&quot; &quot;Insignificance,&quot;  and &quot;nothing as it seems&quot; (to mention only a few). You have to  give the CD a chance -it really grows on you, trust me. I think it's PJ's  best album to date.
0790729636|4.0|While I LOVE the movie...the DVD 1st edition of Twister had a really poor picture quality despite the 4 out of 5 stars it received on the top of this page.  Hopefully the special edition will have a cleaner picture.  There  was terrible &quot;digital distortion&quot;, those annoying block type  things that you see when you watch something on your Real Player online.  I  must say I am really disappointed with the early Warner Bros. DVDs!
B000002LN9|5.0|The price is very steep.  The music is terrific. I'm going to buy it when price is down.
B000002O1P|5.0|This album ranks up there with &quot;Damn the Torpedoes&quot; as his best of all times.  I have listened to (and still listen to) &quot;Don't Come Around Here No More&quot; over and over and over again, for hours at a  time.  &quot;Rebels&quot; rocks.  &quot;Spike&quot; is a classic and  &quot;The Best of Everything&quot; is just that.
044001834X|3.0|This book is classic Vonnegut.  One that you do not want to put down.  As usual he carries on with his black humor and satiric comments.  Yet another must read.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem's The Marshall Mathers Lp is a great rap cd. I am not a huge fan of rap, but like Eminem's stuff. This cd I thought was at once his best cd, but after going back and listening to The Slim Shady LP this is not as  original or great as his first one. Still the best songs are Stan, The Way  I Am, Criminal, Im Back, Marshall Mathers and of course The Real Slim  Shady. This is well worth your money, but if you are deciding between both  his cds get The Slim Shady LP first then this one. His first lets you  understand the skits on this one better.
044001834X|5.0|This book is classic Vonnegut.  One that you do not want to put down.  As usual he carries on with his black humor and satiric comments.  Yet another must read.
B00004RITP|4.0|Like other reviewers, I was familiar with Rattle's earlier recording (with the Bournemouth SO, not the CBSO as someone else mentioned) and was eager to hear this - and on the whole was not disappointed.  Of course you'd  expect the Berlin violas to be a bit better in the long opening solo - but  actually that's all they are: a bit better.  Of course the recording is  finer - for instance, one drawback of the earlier one was that you could  hear the faders going up and down for the big drum strokes that open the  finale.   And on the same point, this recording makes the final drumstroke  of the fourth movement double as the opening of the fifth - much better  than on the earlier recording where you heard it twice.  Musically is it  any better? Well all the slow music has become broader and sometimes  reduced in intensity - the long slow passage which ends the symphony  doesn't quite hang together for me, and the great violin outburst right at  the end doesn't to grow out of what's gone before.  Faster passages -  particularly in the third and fourth movements - have more urgency and  drive and benefit from the better recording.  The greatest surprise for me  came at the climax of the last movement where Rattle has changed the bass  note of the great chord which begins the long trumpet high A.  If one takes  the sketch literally then he's right to do so - but I can't convince myself  of it yet.   If you're not sure if you should buy it or not, then buy it -  you're bound to find something worthwhile in it. Personally I'm glad to  have both recordings of this wonderful piece which tantalizingly shows the  different direction Mahler was taking after the Ninth.
1573226521|5.0|There has been so much hype about this book, especially since the movie. Forget it all. This book is excellent. It's like the intellectual raver's version of Lord of the Flies with  paranoia, and prickly heat. It's so  intense that you can almost hear a soundtrack pounding as you read it. If  you saw the film and were curious, read the book and everything that you  couldn't quite grasp in the movie will become clear. The film was a B  compared to the novel's straight A.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Awesome. This movie is the best depiction of this urban legend (THE HEADLESS HORSEMEN). You might want to leave the kids in another room and keep a bowl by the couch but other than blood and gore this movie has  potential. it is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo funny it deservs to be  bought for that reason alone, and if you love comic books you will  definently love this movie, it is like watching the pages turn. buy it  today.
B000002LUB|4.0|i feel this album is there second best
1882723007|5.0|Several years ago a dear friend recommended this book to me but I never pursued it.  A couple of years later I started dating my now husband and he had a copy of it.  I picked it up one day but didn't read very far just not  wanting to take the time I guess.  Then yesterday something inspired me to  get this book and read it..it was still right there on the shelf in our  office with the book mark still in it from where I had started reading it  years earlier.  Only this time I could not put it down.  This book  has moved me like nothing else ever has.  I am a Christian and I go to  Church every Sunday and try to be a good person but I've always had this  fear deep down inside me of dying...doubt, I suppose.  Betty Eadie's book  changed that for me.  It filled my heart and spirit with so much joy, love,  and (finally!) understanding.  I don't know why I never finished reading it  before.  Everyone needs to read this book!  It answered so many  questions that I have been struggling with my entire life.  I believe every  single word of it.  I can't imagine how anyone couldn't!  Please read it!
B000002AE3|5.0|Long berated because of their \\"studio\\" background, Toto remains one of the most entertainiing and enjoyable groups of our time.  They are extremely musical and talented, and they know how to write great songs.  \\"I Will Remember\\" is absolutely one of their best.  The  arrangement is out of this world, the vocals haunting, and the whole feel  of this song is overwhelming.  Why in the world it wasn't a huge hit is  beyond me.  The whole album is basically good, but the aforementioned song  is worth the price of the CD.  As long as Toto keeps cranking out tunes,  this fan will always investigate!
0792846710|5.0|I love this movie! It is a cult classic! It has similarities to the Blob and yet this movie stands all on its own. The Klowns are scary in an odd way. Killer Klowns from Space land on earth and use their spaceship and  more to pose as part of a circus and appear to have stopped off for a snack  or supplies. Human snacks!  Enjoy this one, I think its worth it.
B000000OQF|5.0|The Best F'N' Album in the past 15 years. One of the best ever...If you don't own it, buy it!
B000000OUE|5.0|THIS IS A BAD IS I WISH U WOULD BUY IT CUZ IT ROCKS IT S HEVEY AND WHITE ZOMBIE SO GET It
B000002H5I|5.0|If you done some reading on Tracy Chapman's life, you'll know the stories behind her, and realize what an amzing feat this album is. Her songs ring true with hope, hate, fear, love, and lonliness. Soft guitars will softly  play, her voice, low and sweet, will sing, and you will feel a remarkable  peace come over your body. You will let yourself be carried away into a new  world, of povrety, sadness, fear, things many of us have only seen on the  news. From the softness in For You, to the outright harshness of Behind the  Wall, to hope in Talking About a Revolution. Amazing.
B00000163G|5.0|Makaveli recorded this album in 3-4 days that tells you how talented this man was and he was just beggining to develop his rap skills.  Unfortunate, cause just imagine if we could hear him now.  Not a forgotten Soul.
B000031XCR|4.0|I see a lot of dissing the Cline Dion I used to like. The now mother of twins transformed into a nobody in 1990 to the most sucessful female singer in rock genre almost several years later: she sold almost 100 million  albums in four years and has won like five or six Grammy Awards and even an  Oscar, which was actually won by James Horner and Will Jennings for her  most well-known single, \\"My Heart Will Go On.\\" The whole world went crazy  for that song then. She even performed with my favorite singer, Andrea  Bocelli, two years ago on \\"The Prayer,\\" which didn't unfortunately win Best  Original Song at the 1999 Academy Awards (it should have!) and which made  me sob uncontrollably for days because Andrea's heart-wrenching vocals made  it so beautiful, so why are critics treating her like s**t? They can treat  the less than talented Madonna and Jennifer Lpez and them Spice Tramps  like queens and not tell off their lack of talent. Myself, I don't like  Cline as much as I used to, but that doesn't mean she's terrible. She has  soul. They don't. END.
6301095294|4.0|Someone hit it right on the head when they said: &quot;It doesn't make much sense, but that's why it's great!&quot;  That IS the point.  It was about destroying plot in a movie.  It was meant to be a movie of  interesting and funny part that were only very loosely connected.  People  who don't understand this totally fail to understand the Beatles or the  sixties in general.  It was meant to be a creative, interesting, funny  movie.<br />Unfortunately, it didn't live up to its promise.  It was so  impropmtu that the acting wasn't brilliant and some of the skits weren't  too funny.  The kind of person you are will determine how you react to the  various.  The camera work and directing could have been better.  It could  have been a masterpiece, but ended up being an innovative (but sometimes  weird to the point of boring) film by a bunch of amateurs.  It is essential  because of its music, its humor, the fact that it contains the first music  videos, its ideas, and the fact that we get to see the Beatles goofing  around at the height of their powers.<br />P.S.: The music videos for &quot;I  am the walrus&quot; and &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; are outstanding.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|One thing that separates Savage Garden from the other commercial bands is that this Aussie duo manages to make each and every song one that lots of people can relate to, that contains so much meaning that even people with  the coldest pf heartse would melt after going through half the album.<br />The  album starts off on a rather happy note with &quot;Affirmation&quot;, sort  of like 20-odd lessons about life that are oh-so-true. A very upbeat song  as well. Then come the upcoming single for the US &quot;Hold Me&quot; and  the recent chart-topper &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;, both of which are  soothing yet hauntingly beautiful ballads. Other special mentions include  &quot;Crash And Burn&quot;, which most definitely is one of the best songs  off the album and &quot;The Lover After Me&quot;, a song talking about  losing a loved one, and actually still holding on for him/her.<br />The album  will make you smile and cry as you put in continuously on repeat because  each and every song just gets better as they are played again.<br />If you're  missing out on this album, you're missing out on something real good.
6305171769|5.0|THIS MOVIE HAD ME ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT I THOUGHT IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE.JAMIE LEE CURTIS GAVE ANOTHER REMARKABLE PERFORMANCE AS LAURIE STRODE. THIS WAS PROBLY ONE OF THE BEST SCARY MOVIE OF 1998.
052594527X|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read this year. Mixing terrific historical and geographical knowledge, the author gives us a coming of age novel of a young girl we have known - but not known - for generations, this  Vermeer model. The story she weaves is filled with tension, intrigue and  the wonderful inner life of a 17th century girl trying to grow up with no  education but with great intelligence and instincts.  I've bought several  copies to give as gifts.
B00000J8EK|4.0|There is something for everyone on this album. It is a brilliant album to leave and listen through from begining to end. It starts with some real big bass and beats of &quot;Under The Influence&quot; and merges into the more  familier  tone of &quot;Hey Boy Hey Girl&quot;. This is a album packed full  of loud and powerful music.  If your looking for a great CD to put on for a  party, then this is it.
B000002KBH|5.0|You will not regret buying this amazing album. The opening track Box of Rain, although laughable at points its true meaning is quite serious. In my opinion the best dead song ever. Within this album there are also marvelous  tracks, sugar magnolia, brokedown palace and the beautiful ripple. This  album also ends with another great song, truckin'. One of the best albums  I've ever heard.
0425152251|2.0|If you're already pretty familiar with western philosophy, this book will read like a Cliff's Notes stitched awkwardly to a weak story.  The plot became tedious after a while, and I thought the writing style was childish.  This could have been due to poor translation, but I doubt it.   Perhaps I  would have enjoyed the book if I'd encountered it when I was a child, as  this seems to be the author's intended audience. If you're interested  enough in philosophy to even consider reading this book, you should read  the real thing or at least better introductory books on the subject.   Philosophy: An Introduction Through Literature by Kleiman and Lewis is a  good bet.
0152023984|5.0|If I had to choose only one favorite book, it would be The Little Prince.  I have read it over and over again across the years.  The book touches my soul like no other.  I do not recommend the new translation by Richard  Howard.  It does not have the same charm and impact as the original  Katherine Woods translation.  One of the changes I do not like is that he  uses contractions (e.g., &quot;We'd&quot; instead of &quot;We would&quot;).   For new readers, please read Woods' edition first.  On C-SPAN's Booknotes,  Howard admitted that the book is not &quot;beloved&quot; to him and showed  no passion whatsoever for the book. Oddly, he referred to one of the  profound rose passages as one of the book's &quot;creepy&quot; passages!  (?)
630587493X|3.0|I found the robot central character intriguing.  Williams was excellent as one who lives by the rules but yearns to be break free.  However, this was a soap-opera treatment of the story:  heavy-handed music and  too-many-characters who became two-dimensional cutouts.  I felt that the  director was trying to force my feelings, rather than simply telling the  story well and letting it carry the mood.<br />If you like a little Asimov  with your General Hospital (or a little GH with your Asimov), give it a  try.<br />If you want a more serious science fiction take on what it means to  be human, try Blade Runner.<br />--Pat
0792151712|4.0|There aren't a lot of 90's movies that will be remembered when we look in the past. But one we weill cherish will be &quot;Titanic&quot; A muslti-million blockbuster, that tells a great and tragic story.It will  never top the classic epics of the 60's and 70's, but it's on the top near  them.<br />There are a lot of things you have to like in this movie.<br />Kate  Winslet's and Kathy Bates's acting direction sound and visual effects  music<br />It was wonderfully directed, by the man that risked everything and  got more back. Altough the scripts was kind of redundant, the love story  told will never be forgotten.
0451191153|3.0|I must confess, I loved this book and Atlas Shrugged when I first read them as a freshman in prep-school. I must also relate that reading these two novels did more to confuse and isolate me as an adolescent than any two  works I'd encountered. I so identified with the protagonists that I thought  of nothing further than &quot;forging my own destiny&quot; and carving out  my place in the world at the expense of letting no one come closer to me  than arm's length. As far as exposing Rand to impressionable, young  psyches, I would have to beg any responsible adult to keep her &quot;at  arm's length.&quot; She took Carlyle's heroic individualism to an absurd  conclusion. She goes beyond Nietzche in her appeal to the isolated self.  Each of us is his/her own island, seperate and unequal. Any notion of  social amelioration is an act of cowardice. I am no proponent of political  correctness, but Rand's philosophy borders on Fascism - the strong leader  pulling the herd along by tethers. As much as I abhor her philosophy, I  must give her due as a novelist. She carves out compelling characters and  keeps a narrative moving. She can write. If you can keep a fourteen or  fifteen-year-old interested for 1000 pages, you must be doing something  right. Then again, I also loved Harold Robbins' novels at that age.
0782008372|2.0|My previous review may still not be getting people to buy the film and a BAD UNAPPRECIATED EMAIL with VULGAR, DISTASTEFUL LANGUAGE!   In my opinion all DVDs are better than VHS due to digital sound and picture.  Why this  film more than others does not have a good transfer is beyond me.  To me it  is like all the DVDs I currently own (208). The sound is much better on DVD  I would think due to music always sounding better on DVD.  Widescreen  review rates this DVD with a picture quality of 4.5 out of 5 and a sound  quality of 4.5 out of 5.  To me that review is what I'm trying to get at.   Many people may not like the transfer but it is most likely the DVD will  not be re-released in the future and all VHS owners will have their tapes  worn out after a few years unlike DVD which never wears out even with  scratches that can be repaired with MAXELL SCRATCH REMOVER PASTE.  All in  all I enjoy the film and it being on DVD in WIDESCREEN THX.  To me it  performs like it should and I don't understand why so many people dont like  the DVD.  If so, then write the studio and get them to replace and  retransfer the DVD.  Its the studio that makes the transfer and releases  the DVD. This DVD may not be a great transfer as it should be but it  performs to me better on DVD that it ever will on VHS!   DO NOT WRITE ME  IF YOUR MESSAGE IS A BAD ONE!  IT IS NOT APPRECIATED and I am sorry for  reviewing what to me is a good DVD.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is an album on which all four members of this energetic, powerful, creative band contribute important parts. Overall, a great collection of songs.   Morello digs deep into his impressive bag of tricks to create  some interesting effects for songs like &quot;Calm Like a Bomb&quot;,  &quot;Ashes in the Fall&quot; and &quot;Voice of the Voiceless&quot;. In  addition, &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot;, &quot;Testify&quot;, and &quot;Born  of a Broken Man&quot; feature his usual heavy, Sabbath/Zeppelin-esque riffs  that get people moving at the concerts. They are simple but effective. In  short, what we hear on the album is what we would expect from Morello. He  delivers again.  It is the rythym section and de la Rocha who REALLY  step up for this effort. They are playing together AS A UNIT the best that  they ever have. Wilk's drumming and Tim's bass playing are fresh and they  pound away behind Morello ferociously.. Zack's fury is still there and his  lyrics are more poetic and subtle. &quot;Calm Like a Bomb&quot; and  &quot;Ashes in the Fall&quot; are manifestations of his skill as a writer.    If you enjoyed the first two Rage albums then it is unlikely that you will  be disappointed by this one.
B00004TL21|5.0|You will not believe how unbelievably good these guys are!  If you like Korn, Limp Bizkit, Incubus, or any other major rock band, you will love these guys. With screaming vocals by Chino Moreno, stomping drums by Abe  Cunningham, and awesome bass playing by Chi Cheng, then who couldn't love  this CD? I recently purchased this CD and am totally satisfied. If you like  rock or heavy metal, then buy this CD!
B000002JPA|2.0|In trying to broaden my prog horizons beyond Yes, Genesis, and KC I decided to pick up a Dream Theater CD since I've heard that they're sort of a \\"metal/prog\\" type band.  I like some metal and I like prog, so  I figured that I was in for a real treat. Boy, was I wrong...    Ladies and  gentlemen... Dream Theater is HAIR METAL!   Sure, it's well-played hair  metal - but this sure ain't prog.  The singer is just awful (everytime his  voice appears, I hear Beavis and Butthead yelling \\"Change It! \\")  - I kept waiting for him to break into \\"Somewhere Over the  Rainbow\\".  And while there are some interesting instrumental bits with  the guitar, bass and drums, rest assured that a really obnoxious keyboard  riff will destroy any musical momentum.    If you like Dokken, Poison, or  Winger you probably will love this stuff; but if you're a Yes/KC/ELP fan  stay far away.  If you're looking for new prog, check out \\"Flower  Kings,\\" \\"Transatlantic,\\" or \\"Porcupine Tree.\\"
B00004U8JU|5.0|For those of you that have been living under a rock and don't know what Jurassic Park is about, well it's about a scientist who uses DNA to bring Dinosaurs back to life. The dinosaurs live on a remote island called, you  guessed it Jurassic Park. The power goes out and the dinosaurs get out of  their cages then the fun begins. If you haven't seen this movie then I  suggest you order it you will not be disapointed, if you have seen it then  you already know what the movie is about and you really don't need to be  reading my review... The special effects in this film still remain as some  of the greatest in film history and the story is equally good. Highly  recommended.
B000023VR6|5.0|yo dre. in my oppinion is one of the only catz out there who can bring it for the catz in the west the catz in the east and the catz in space. his music doesn't have a side ya know what I mean. its just universal for all  the hip-hop fans.
B00001OH7Y|5.0|This harsh, guitar driven work is light years away from his &quot;Berlin&quot; albums but just as good as their highest peaks.  The guitars of Robert Fripp and Pete Townsend give this album a bite that  Bowie's work hasn't had since &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot;.  This album drew  equally on punk, new wave and his glam upbringing to create a shiny, harsh  alloy that really has no counterpart in rock.  The fever dream of  &quot;Ashes to Ashes&quot; and the disco-rock strut of &quot;Fashion&quot;  are two of his smartest, catchiest singles but they don't tell anything  close to the whole story; a tight and dysfunctional urban rock album:  &quot;Scream Like a Baby&quot; is a return to Bowie's Orwellian obsession  yet more condensed and  powerful than Diamond Dogs, while the title track  has a nightmarish ferocity that hooks the listener into its grimy,  heartless worldview.  Some would say this is his last great album, I think  the raw power involved makes it his greatest (with the exception of  &quot;Ziggy&quot; and &quot;Station to Station&quot;) and the last time  that he would challenge listeners with his art.
630575067X|5.0|This is the first episode of the spectacular 'Star Wars' sega - before Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia were born; thirty years earlier.<br />Anakin Skywalker (a.k.a. the future Darth Vader from the Dark Side of the Force)  is a young slave boy living with his mother who is also a slave on a  different planet. When Anakin wins a pod race, he is set free by his master  to join a master Jedi Knight from the Good Side of the Force and his young  Jedi student, Obi-Wan Kenobi. The master Jedi Knight (Liam Nesson), Obi-Wan  Kenobi, and Anakin travel to a distant planet to help a young queen and her  people from suffering in an invation. Together, they try to stop the  invation by destroying the evil Darth Maul from the Dark Side of the  Force.<br />You'll notice some of your old favorite 'Star Wars' characters are  in this movie like Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda, and Anakin Skywalker. But then  you'll also meet some brand new characters like Jar Jar, Queen Amidala, and  Darth Maul. The acting and special effects are incredible! Some of today's  hottest stars are in this movie, too like Liam Nesson, Ewan McGregor,  Natalie Portman, Samuel L. Jackson, Jake Lloyd, and Frank Oz. And of  course, the brilliant music is composed and conducted by John  Williams.<br />George Lucas takes you on a fantasic, thrilling ride back into  the past way before the Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia generation -  before Anakin Skywalker became Darth Vader, when he was once good! If  you've seen episodes 4, 5, and 6, then you'll love episode 1! This movie  maybe long, but hey -weren't all of the 'Star Wars' movies long? This is a  movie you can watch again and again without getting bored - you'll remember  it for years to come! This movie is for anyone who loves the 'Star Wars'  sega and wants to know what happened to Anakin Skywalker when he was a boy  - before the Darth Vader days.
B000001FMX|5.0|This album is equal parts David Bowie and Ramones; it shows that glam rock and punk were never adversarial forces but simply two sides of the same coin.  &quot;Personality Crisis&quot; is classic Jerry Lee Lewis  rock'n'roll transformed into vibrant, identity-confused proto-punk.  The  debauched gender-bending works with the full-on energy of the music to  create a hedonistic paradise.  This unbelievable record crushes its  competition; one of the best underground records of the '70s.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Well, i don't have an opinion you haven't heard before about Metallica teaming up with the S.F. symphony orchestra. It's a great idea, and an even better album. this was the first metallica cd i ever bought, and it drove  me to get 4 more (btw, master of puppets is excellent). i was very  skeptical about getting it, because every live recording i have listened  to, i hated. but the sound quality is excellent, the only hint of it being  live is the crowd. i love the way it all fits together, and how the  symphony keeps up with blistering fast songs like Battery and Master of  Puppets i will never know. but don't hurt your mind with the details, this  is a great 2 cd set. my personal favorites are the classics, for whom the  bell tolls, master of puppets, and battery, and the newer ones fuel, the  outlaw torn, and minus human. there are only 21 songs between the two cd's,  but they're somehow each 70+ minutes. it's all amazing and i highly  recommend it.
B00003ETJQ|4.0|A concept simalar to the 80's film &quot;Koyaanisqatsi&quot;, Ron Fricke's film without words is very rich in visual setpeices. There is no story in a cinamatic sense i.e a narrative or any actors. However the photography is  first rate on the 70mm film and for lovers of the moving image this will  not disappoint. Watch out for the cigarette makers,the baby chicks and the  slow camera shots of people in New York crossing an busy intersection these  imagss are particulary striking. The DVD quality is good,however the  featurette is very short and not very informative. Overall a good exercise  in providing a good visual cinematic treat.
B000002J23|5.0|Open this box and you won't find demons, but a great album. Classic rock radio may cover the Jon Anderson period fairly well, but they overlook this album to the loss of listeners everywhere. A bunch of good tunes, well  played and worth repeated listenings. In fact, this is the Yes album that  spends the most time in my cd player. A bit different sounding than other  Yes albums, but that's an advantage in this case. Pity this lineup only  lasted a short time; it would have been interesting to see what else they  could have produced.
0316743003|3.0|Written by an engineer, this book comes off as more of an account rather than a memoir of Mr. Rich's years at Skunk Works. It can be blunt, factual,and to the point, and where it isn't I suspect is where Janos  contributed. How much better can someone communicate, however, when they  had to work in absolute secrecy for 30 years? If you're familiar with the  Skunk Works, you won't learn anything new here. One of the problems in  writing a book like this is having to wait for something to declassify  before writing about it, so all of the cutting edge technology it  celebrates is at least 15 to 20 years old, and has been on the History  &amp; Discovery channels several times already. Rich doesn't really share  himself in this book, and at times it can seem like a 3rd party observer  wrote it. Despite this it does remain interesting, even if you do already  know much of the information presented.
B000007VYV|3.0|This album may not be worth the price.  Especially if you have already bought the american version of the album.  There is simply not enough here to justify shelling out over thirty dollars in cash.  The greatest flaw of  the album is that it fails to include the track Baker's Street.  Which is  possibly one of the best covers in recent years.  The album follows the  common pattern of the foo fighters, more flash than substance.  The foo  fighters is a pop band and should not be confused with that other band  David Grohl was in.  If you are the ultimate Foo Fighters fan and do not  own the american version, I would suggest picking this one up.  Otherwise,  you might as well buy something you do not already own
B00000K31V|1.0|We unfortunately rented this movie.  Don't do it! I'm sorry we wasted the time and money.  I only gave it a star because it's required.  No star was earned.  I'm sure for those that like this type of movie it's worthwhile,  but I'd guess that's a small audience.  Proceed w/caution.
6305776369|1.0|This is by far, the worst movie of the year. Not only was the acting bad, but the plot is horrible,  and it's not funny! I maybe chuckled every half hour or so, but afterwards I felt like an idiot because it was so stupid!  Please give SNL a hint and never, ever get this movie!
B000001AJG|5.0|Most critics are quick to judge this album becuase of it's different subject matter, &quot;Come on, a double album on plants?&quot;. You really need to open up to appreciate this album, it is much different than anything Stevie did in the past, but it's still Stevie in rare form. Stevie was coming off the huge success of &quot;Songs In The Key Of Life&quot; and everyone was expecting another stellar album. Plants is a stellar album, a different album, a concept album, but still a great piece of work. The thing I like most about it is that it is different from anything else in music at that time, while people were out boogy-ing on the disco floor, Stevie took a chance and released a double album like this. Mostly instrumental pieces, it features such gems as &quot;Power Flower&quot;, &quot;Black Orchid&quot;, &quot;Same Old Story&quot;, and the title track &quot;The Secret Life Of Plants&quot;. This album also gives one of the funkiest Wonder tunes ever, the psuedo-live &quot;A Seed's A Star&quot;, truly Stevie at top form. The cheerful classic &quot;Outside My Window&quot;, and the popular &quot;Send One Your Love&quot; all make this album a great listening experience. Plants is a very soothing and calming album, with the sounds of the rain, ocean, and nature combined with the harmonious Wonder sound, this album is awesome. Another favorite is the disco flavored &quot;Race Babbling&quot;, this is definately one of Stevie's most unique songs. This is also an interesting album due to the fact that it is dedicated simply to plants and how they play an important role in everyday life. This is actually a soundtrack to a documentary with the same name. The documentary was never released publicallyand  is very rare and sought after. The movie features Stevie in a scene walking in a giant field of sunflowers without glasses singing the title track. I also recommend reading the book, it is a truly eye opening account of the powers that plants possess. From &quot;Earth's Creation&quot; to &quot;Finale&quot;, this album will leave the listener amazed, enlightened, fascinated, stunned, and overwhelmed all at once. As I said before, this is a different album than &quot;Songs...&quot; and &quot;Innervisions&quot;, but it definately ranks as one as Wonder's strongest albums to date.
B00004UEDR|4.0|Sandra Bullock shows us why she is one of America's sweethearts with this heart-wrenching tale of a girl out-of-control. On drugs and booze, Bullock wrecks her sister's wedding by crashing the limo.  She is ordered into a  rehabilitation program by the judge.  She doesn't fit in and doesn't think  she really has a problem.  But soon learns of her demons.  Bullock gives a  grittier performance than normal, not completely loveable throughout the  movie.  But this movie is a good showcase in which Bullock can finally flex  her acting muscle.  This movie is highly recommended for those people  dealing with addictions, or know of people coping with addictions.  For  Sandra Bullock fans, you won't be disappointed.
B00004TL21|5.0|i dont have this album but i know its good
B000000HHE|5.0|De La Soul really came with something new .It is one of the most impressive rap cds ever thats why is considered the &quot; Sgt Peppers &quot; of Rap .At that time you could listen to gangsta rap or the East  coast talking about politicial and social issues . But this album is  special...everything is incredible and they changed the game forever  !  LONG LIVE TO DE LA SOUL !
6305126062|5.0|&quot;The Horse Whisperer&quot; is unlike any other movie that I've seen. The story opens as a young girl, Grace, experiences a terrible accident while riding her horse, Pilgrim, on an icy road. Driven mad by shock and  pain, Pilgrim is almost to the point of death. Grace is also in critical  condition, for she has badly injured her right leg in the accident, and it  must be amputated. Grace's mother Annie (Kristin Scott Thomas) reads about  a man named Tom Booker (Robert Redford) who is known as a &quot;horse  whisperer,&quot; able to communicate and see into the troubled souls of  these animals. A few days later, Annie, along with her hesitant daughter  and Pilgrim in tow, sets out for Montana. There, at Mr. Booker's ranch, do  you witness the amazing changes that occur as Tom begins to heal Pilgrim's  spirit (along with Grace's). Soon after, Annie and Tom fall in love. The  rest of the story unfolds in a symphonic display of love, hope, and  miraculous recoveries. The film's ending is not your typical movie closing,  but it is very good nonetheless. The beautiful Montana landscape adds to  this special aura, and the characters are brilliant (both human and  equine). I highly recommend this excellent movie to absolutely anyone.  You'll fall in love with &quot;The Horse Whisperer.&quot;
B000002MFN|4.0|Oh no, Madonna's pushed the envelope even further this time...not really. The hype surrounding the erotica album was exaggerated, and it was really exaggerated with her soft-porn over priced Sex book. Madonna the media  manipulator has acheived star status anyway,so this is the moment it blows  up in her face. The album is obviously the book's audio aid,full of  dark,heavy breathing, and at times impressive house/pop music. The opener  title track and first single isnt the album's weakest,but it shouldnt have  been a choice for a single at all. Like much of the album it is a tease  instead of the hardcore S&amp;M you might have expected.The sound is okay  though, a sample of Kool and the gang is a nice touch. Moving on, a remake  of Peggy lee's &quot;Fever&quot; is a standout,and madonna might have  outdone Peggy in my opinion. &quot;Bad Girl&quot; is an emotional ballad  about guilt, while &quot;Rain&quot; is one of the most beautiful songs she  has created. There are angry songs like &quot;Words&quot; about the media  and bad relationships,and &quot;Waiting&quot;. One of the best dance tracks  is the disco anthem &quot;Deeper and Deeper&quot;, which was very  underrated and shouldnt have been.Erotica isnt madonna's most vital  recording,but it does show growth and change in her production,with studio  special effects and cutting edge club music. The problem is, Sex makes it  look like another cheap ploy to get attention, and that wasnt the way it  was supossed to be. Tell that to the anti madonna public.
B000001EAQ|5.0|Let me start by saying that I am not your usual U2 fan that praises their work on Joshua Tree and Achtung Baby. I began listening to U2 in the eighties during Rattle and Hum. I usually liked their songs but I was never  fully convinced enough to buy a record. I tend to like their older stuff  such as &quot;New Year's Day&quot; and &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;.  &quot;With or Without You&quot; is probably the best ballad ever written  period.<br />When they came out with POP, I thought, another experimental  follow up to Zooropa. I heard the first couple of songs in Boston's Tower  Records listening booth, and I didn't even wait to finish listening to the  album.<br />I am not very consistent with music. I will be listening to a  particular genre of music one day and another the next. Therefore, the CD  case that travels with me is constantly being updated. I buy an impressive  amount of CD's and POP is one of the few that has remained over the years  in that case. I don't know if the reason being is that the CD brings a lot  of good memories, or that I am a big fan of electronica and I don't mind  the funky beats in the album, but I honestly consider the album to be  amazing. <br />I am quite disappointed that the album is underrated by so may  critiques and fans, but I also understand that even though it does sound  like U2, it is not what their fans expect from them. It is an album that  you will have to pick up and judge yourself. You will find that regardless  of your taste in music, POP is an album of high quality.
0783226888|5.0|Forget the negative reviews of this film...  View the film for yourself, and you be the judge.<br />Also, please try not to compare this movie to the 1973 film &quot;The Day of the Jackal&quot;...  It's like trying to compare  Babe Ruth to Mark McGuire, it's foolish.   The people who give this movie a  negative review, just because of the previous film it's based upon, are the  silly fools that are complaining about juiced baseballs and the other  technological advances of the world...  Just tell them all to stop whining  and realize when a good movie IS a good movie...  By the way, Saving  Private Ryan blows away any World War II classic, so what's your point  anyway ?   Get with the times ! <br />The Jackal is an excellent film.  A bit  far-fetched, but you see, that's why we see ACTION-FICTION at the movies !   To escape reality for a while, and see something exciting (even as  unrealistic as it may be)...  <br />See the Jackal for yourself with an  open-mind, and chances are you'll like it !  (Although I do not remember  the last time any DC Metro station was that desolate during the daytime  *lol*)  Still a great movie !
B000002UJQ|5.0|this is one of the best albums i have ever heard. radiohead are one of my favorite bands. all the songs are perfect:<br />airbag - is a bit like, &quot;planet telex,&quot; from, &quot;the bends.&quot; it has a clumsy beat  and a heavily distorted solo, along with an ever-present cello.<br />paranoid  android - completely redefines radiohead, if not music altogether. not only  is it one of the best songs on the album, but it may be one of the best  songs of all time, since i have yet to hear anything remotely like  it.<br />subterranean homesick alien - this is a really good, loose song. i  love how something so spacey can come after something so tight and  precise.<br />exit music(for a film) - it kinda scares me. it's so beautiful,  yet the lyrics are to frightening. radiohead use a fuzzbox very well.<br />let  down - is a somewhat more upbeat song. it's more of a standard alternative  song, but radiohead use it's happy tune as sort of an aid for the concept  of the album.<br />karma police/fitter,happier - these are actually two  separate tracks, but fitter happier is simply a mechanical voice talking  about what a beautiful but completely sterile society would be like. a lot  of people know radiohead simply by the song karma police. it is a terrific  song.<br />electioneering - is sort of a brit-pop song, and that's fine, since  they avoid the self-indulgent drivel of oasis.<br />climbing up the walls - a  lot of people compare OK Computer to Darkside of the Moon, and the last  four tracks do sound a bit like Pink Floyd. however, these songs are just  too tight to sound anything like the languid beauty of Darkside. radiohead  truly soar on this track.<br />no surprises - is a lullabye, for god's sake.  it's just so damn beautiful, and lead singer thom yorkes voice is achingly  sad.<br />lucky - although i do like this song, it may be one of the weaker  songs on the album. this is simply because of the choral vocals in the  chorus, which makes Radiohead sound a bit too much like the Moody Blues  (shudder)<br />the tourist - this is really the only song that is reminiscent  of Darkside. the tourist is lovely, languid, and sad.
B0000033P2|5.0|ELP's reading of Copland's &quot;Hoedown&quot; is excellent (few could do wonders with a keyboard like Keith Emerson).  Greg Lake's &quot;From the Beginning&quot; is melancholy, bitter, and sensitive (with some fine,  understated guitar work from Lake. &quot;The Sherriff&quot; is a fun 1920's  vaudeville piece with Carl Palmer's drum intro and closing with Emerson's  jangly piano.  The set closes with their own &quot;Bolero&quot; (with the  classic rum-tum-tum-tum-tum beat).  And of course, there's the title track  which represents every style ELP is famous for (romantic, rockin' and with  a vaudeville closing!).  ELP will always be remembered for their  versatility!
B00000I8BX|5.0|One of the best albums to come out in 99&quot;.Fear Factory only gets better.
6304675348|5.0|After the horror gener has been dead for over a decade this film wakes it up. It invovles the hottest stars in Hollywood including Courteney Cox David Arquette Neve Campball Skeet Ulrich and Drew Barrymore. The film  starts off with an edge of your seat opener and continues to deliver the  scares surprises and laughs through the whole film.So please give this  movie a chance because its one of the best written directed and produced  horror films so please watch it.
B000002KLP|5.0|Prince's Dirty Mind is one of the greatest albums ever created.  One of Rolling Stone's essential 200 (along with Purple Rain and Sign O The Times).  A perfect blend of synth punk and funk with unheard of lyrics for  the time.  Every song is completely in your face with the most erratic bass  driven melodies ever created at the time.  Prince performs and sings some  of the most off the wall stuff you've ever heard without even blinking an  eye (&quot;Incest is everything it's said to be&quot;).  This album is only  recommended for people with some sort of musical education and/or  intelligence, not for someone who just listens for a &quot;cool&quot;  album, like Eminem, Juvenile, Britney Spears, or whoever happens to be  popular at the time.
0790744759|5.0|When my wife &amp; I started our video collection this was one of the first movies we bought. Being a life long Judy Garland fan I have seen all of her films but Meet Me In St. Louis was is her best ever. Filled with  great songs and a wonderful cast. Wheather you've never seen this or love  it like I do this is one of the best musicals of the century a must see!
B00000ILBK|4.0|It's about time they stopped worrying about Hollywood standards and produced a movie worthy of the TV series. This movie rates second only to the made for TV movie/episode All Good Things!
B00004TL21|4.0|When I first heard this album I was shocked--first of all, at how complex the Deftones have become, and second, at the level of artistic accomplishment that they have acheived. All you Dope fans, you P.O.D. fans,  you Bizkit fans (yes, all of you), listen and weep. The Deftones have put  together an album of beautiful, tuneful, introspective rock that amazes  from the startling &quot;Feiticeira&quot; all the way to the end. Standout  tracks include the breathtaking &quot;Teenager&quot; and  &quot;Passenger&quot;, the latter of which is a six-minute ride through the  sexual subconscious of the singer, who duets with the always-amazing  Maynard James Keenan. This is an album not to be missed.
6305350205|2.0|Only redeeming value is the great musical score which eventually became the theme for  The Next Generation TV series!
1567184855|5.0|Michael Newton collected interviews with some of his patients about their experiences between lives. Intriguing? You bet!<br />I am a mystic and have had memories of past lives, as have many people. My daughter recommended  Journey of Souls, and in a conversation with her before I had received mine  (her gift), I told her about my immediate past death and what happened  afterwards. She was amazed as she said, &quot;That's right.&quot;  Why? The  first thing I said was that I had died so many times that I knew what had  happened to me. This was a familiar thread in this book because the trauma  of death is exactly that--trauma; however, these interviews show hope and  continuance.<br />My journey through this book was a confirmation of what I  already believed happens right after death and of what the between-world,  the place of souls, is about. So, although there was not a lot of new  information for me in the first third to half of the book, it made me feel  very happy just reading it because the descriptions from others paralleled  my own. There is nothing so rejuvenating as corroboration from a myriad of  strangers.<br />For anyone who wonders if there is life after death, this  answers that question as well as providing insight into soul development  and progression. One of the most interesting aspects were the  &quot;keys&quot; that we memorize so that we will know certain people as  they enter our lives; that feeling of &quot;Gee, I know you,&quot; indeed  is reality.
B00004RFFI|5.0|The new DVD pressing of &quot;Twister&quot; will knock your socks off! The print is very clear, but it is the sound that will work your equipment to the max. The discreet rear channels are very effectively utilized and  creates a total sound field. This movie is a natural for home  theater--especially for those with Dolby Digital processing. Definitely  recommended!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|If you are a true fan of music, Metallica, or otherwise, do yourself a favor and disregard the review that is placed below the DVD info.<br />Metallica's music is loud and bold an already  a wonderful  composition, the addition of the symphony is great, sweeping, and  majestic.<br />Look to Orion on the Master of Puppets CD if you doubt  Metallica's ability to compose and define within their genre.<br />This DVD is  as close to being there as it could get.  A true watermark in the potential  of the DVD medium...  This is a slice of heaven for lovers of the band...  Metallica is not out to change minds or win over someone who is usually  glued to PBS.<br />As I see it this release is for their fans and for those of  us who aren't privy to tickets for the rare event chronicled here... This  DVD is a blast...
0385484518|5.0|I had to read this book for a class in graduate school.  When the assignment was first given to us, I was not happy because we already had so much reading to do.  Once I read the book though, I was moved.  I  recommended the book to friends and my father.  It is truly one of the best  books written about how people should really look at life.
B00004RFDW|5.0|The Insider is a powerful look into the tobacco indestry, and how they lied about the nicitene. Both Russell Crowe and Al Pacino are fantastic in the film. This movie is for anyone who enjoys a deep look into a very  contraversal subject.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I'm an argentinian music. I know about my country's people big music talent myth, and I'm an exaple of it. For that, I can say that OK Computer kills and relays me any time, since I listened it in 1997, when Radiohead  showed it. Don't be fools, listen to it. I really think that Thom Yorke  it's the John Lennon's replacement. (I'm 23, don't think in me as an 40  year old nostalgic pathetic man...I shurely will be him in 2017) The power  and charisma, the voice, the words, the clever and smart substance that  Yorke has in his personality are very clear... don't you think it? In a 0  to 10 points scale, OK Computer has 20. Amen.
0553213105|5.0|Humphrey Bogart's line to his secretary in &quot;The Maltese Falcon&quot; could as easily have been addressed to Jane Austen. Long before the woman's movement of the 60s and women's studies courses of the 70s, perceptive and  discriminating readers were in agreement about Jane Austen as the supreme  master of her craft.  In her characterizations, plotting, and language she  is the model of exactness and efficiency.  There simply is no gratuitous  business, no room for sentiment, no place for self-indulgence or personal  fantasy.  Elizabeth's world is a microcosm of the complex society we habit,  each of us making daily compromises, negotiations, and decisions that allow  us the maximum degree of self-expression within the limitations of our  social communities and of the human condition itself. The rewards of  identifying with Austen's heroines are as accessible and satisfying to male  as to female readers. Above all, Austens' novels are tributes to the power  of language--to create plausible worlds, to capture the meanings of the  heart, and to construct the rhetoric of the &quot;self.&quot;  Where lesser  writers require battles and orgies to get a rise out of readers, Austen can  elicit profound emotions from the most stoic readers through the  description of a raised eyebrow.
0440234743|3.0|I couldn't put it down until the stereotypes emerged in full form. I liked Nate at first and laughed at his foolerly. Then the author told us it was time to take Nate seriosly... The organic development of this character  expired and one is force-fed his 'rehabilitation.'
B00004TL21|5.0|This is magnificient. I've never been a great fan of Deftones, but upon hearing the first single off this album, Change (In the House of Flies), I felt compelled to buy it. I was not disappointed - moreover, I was thrilled  with the array of songs on one of the most original albums released this  year. Change is a perfect blend of disturbing lyrics and dark, anxious  music, easily the most accessible song on the album. Passenger, sung by  Maynard (frontman of Tool and now Perfect Circle), is another easy pick for  a single. While Maynard screams to &quot;take me around again, just don't  pull over,&quot; Deftones work his vocals over with an arrangement that  easily fluctuates between soft and heavy. But I believe it's the less easy  on the ears numbers that are best on the album. Feiticeira, Digital Bath,  Elite, RX Queen, and pretty much all the rest are designed to be addictive  with their subtle, almost invisible hooks. By the time you realize that  this CD had not left your CD player for several days - soon to be weeks -  you've become another screaming fan of this versatile, original, most  unexpected gift of a band.
B000002A3T|5.0|Perfect album, for PF fans. Starting with the quiet Marooned, moving to numbers that show personal confusion, general consciousness, even more than a couple of love songs (now how many times have we had them by PF ?).  Though now a pretty old one, but a must keep for new entrants into English.
0316777722|5.0|I became a Sedaris fan after reading the first two pages of HOLIDAY'S ON ICE in the bookstore two years ago.  If someone can make me laugh outloud in a public place, he truly has a talent.  Sedaris' wit is only surpassed  by the way he records it in words.  When I purchased ME TALK PRETTY ONE DAY  on tape for a road trip to Kentucky, I wasn't sure what to expect, but  after 2 minutes into the first story I knew I was in for  &quot;one hell of  a ride&quot;.  To hear him read these stories is like reading the book all  over again.  His timing is impeccable and his impersonation of Billie  Holiday singing TV jingles is worth the price of the collection alone.   Give your eyes a break and let your ears do the reading for a while.
6305308659|5.0|Different, unexpected story line, amust see twice movie.
068484267X|4.0|I held my breath reading much of this memoir, especially toward the end when Francis cries to the priest of St. Francis.  Although the terrible hunger these children knew is foreign to me (as the fictional character who  refused his egg was to young Francis) yet, in the adults who frequent his  searing expose of childhood, I heard my parents' and my grandparents'  voices.  Dear God, I heard my own. I believe that's partially what the  sages mean by &quot;universal.&quot; Bravo, Frankie. And, forgive me, God  bless.  You have gifted us so.
B00004SVIK|5.0|After 20 years a recording of one of the most famous rock shows of all time was released. While these shows were at the genesis of the destruction of Pink Floyd, you could never fathom that from the selected tapes.  I  recommend the special edition for the book alone, the album is really quite  good as well. While a DVD of the shows would be nice, it is enough that the  shows have been preserved on cd. For those of us who weren't old enough to  see or hear Floyd at their peak, this gives us a taste of the best of the  Wall during the tour.
0671578278|5.0|A few months ago, a friend gave me a birthday present, a copy of THE WARRIOR'S APPRENTICE.  \\"First time's free,\\" he leered.    Since then I've raced through Lois McMaster Bujold's series about Miles  Vorkosigan, watching the manipulative dwarf go from military school reject  to Imperial Auditor, the second highest political position on his world.   I've followed him through desperate battle and political intrigue, and  enjoyed every page.    Now Miles Vorkosigan faces his greatest adversary --  himself.  He is hopelessly in love, and has a cunning plan to seduce the  object of his affections into marrying him.  It doesn't occur to him to she  might respond to a straightforward approach.      Meanwhile, his cousin Ivan is mixing up Miles's life for the fun of it; his clone brother Mark is  trying to get rich off 'butter bugs,' which would be the perfect food source if they weren't revolting; a Vor lord has discovered an unexpected  use for artifical wombs; a woman whose brother was a Vor noble is  attempting an end run around a male only inheritance rule; social change is  hitting the planet Barrayar very hard, people who thought they were 'progressive' are deciding they've had too much of a good thing, political  plot and counterplot goes on, ... WOW!    It's hard to summarize this novel, because I just want to describe one hilarious scene after another, such as the Dinner Party from Hell. Suffice to say I've read most of Bujold's  work, and this is her best ever.  A stunning change of pace, like nothing  previous in this series, and yet growing out of it naturally. My highest recommendation, whether you've read any of the stories of Miles or his parents before.      Science Fiction doesn't get any better than this.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This cd is so vivid with sounds and vocals. You can feel the effort put into this cd.I was a little disappointed with it at first because the last cd had more upbeat fast songs,this one still had many of them but one or  two more slow songs than the last one.Once I actually listened to the slow  songs i heard how good they actually are.<br /> I was very happy with all the  song on the cd.I personaly like faster more up beat song and this cd   supplied me with lots of them. It even opened up a new door for me, I found  a new ear for more soft songs and I really enjoy slow songs more now than I  use to.<br />This cd has lots of heart put into it, all the songs are written  and created by its two members.Because they do that you can actually tell  that from the cd.It's about what there feeling at the time and that makes a  song so much better if it means something to the artist.<br />Overall this cd  is so magnificent I highly recommend it. I also recommend the self titled  debut album. Daniel and Darren (the groups two members) go together so  perfectly the harmony(Daniel) goes so well with the  earth-shatering  voice(Darren).They make amazing songs and I recommend all there cds and  songs so far. Hope everyone finds what I found in there song's.<br />P.S.  Listen to the lyrics there really meaningful.<br />Enjoy the cd!
B0000027RL|5.0|At a time when the glam metal seen was starting wear out came this band from Seattle with its honest blend of lyrics and rocking guitar. This is a record that defines a generation of kids. The lead track Once hits you like  a train with its angry lyrics and electrifying guitar work. The record  starts out with 4 aggressive tracks including the first single Alive and  second Single Even Flow. Other Highlights include Black, which is a ballad,  but its rocks in it own right. Jeremy the third single and 6th track on the  CD represents some of the Pearl Jam's best work. The CD ends with a Heart  felt track called release in which Eddie Vedders seems to be talking about  his late father &quot;If you could see me now I am myself like you some  how&quot; These honest and brilliant lyrics are just one of the things that  make this CD a classic and a must buy!
B000002ULO|5.0|This is a near-masterpiece, and an album I didn't think Paul had in him anymore. 1989's &quot;Flowers in the Dirt&quot; was considered an excellent album, but it really only had 4-5 good songs on it. This album is superb  and finally Paul goes back to writing sensitive, lyrically-rich ballads.  Remember, this man penned some of the greatest ballads of the generation,  &quot;Yesterday,&quot; &quot;For No One,&quot; and &quot;And I Love  Her.&quot; Yet his insipid-lyric phase of the 70's and 80's were devoid of  any great ballads.<br />Because Linda was terribly ill during the making of  this album, Paul's songs have a wistful, poignant aura about them and  finally his lyrics have depth and consistency. &quot;Little Willow,&quot;  &quot;Calico Skies&quot; and &quot;Beautiful Night&quot; are outstanding  songs and bear repitition well.<br />There is little that can be improved on  this record, I stongly urge all people who have followed Paul's incredible  career to buy this CD, play it and enjoy it forever. He is a genius!
B00003CX95|5.0|Siempre me ha gustado Mel Gibson por lo carismtico y entretenido de sus personajes, pero cuando vi aquella entrega de los oscar y esos 5 que se gan su pelcula \\"BraveHeart\\", pens, mmm, no la vi, me habr perdido de algo? Hace mas o menos un ao, tuve la suerte de verla y  realmente fue una experiencia grandiosa, tremenda y hace unos das volv a  tener la suerte de \\"perderme\\" mas de dos horas de mi vida y ver  esta maravilla nuevamente. Una pelcula increble, pues la duracin y la  temtica ayudan a meterse en la pelcula, a sentirse parte de la trama y a  hacernos emocionar, alegrar y enfurecer las cosas que se van dando. Las  traiciones provocan asco, como si fuera a uno que le sucede y los ltimos  cinco minutos lograron nuevamente hacer mojar mis ojos y mis mejillas. Soy  hombre, pero la parte en que grita \\"Freedom! \\" al final de la  pelcula realmente eriza hasta al ms valiente. En definitiva si no la han  visto, no lo duden cmprenla y vanla y si no les gusta, si por una de esas  cosas de la vida llega a no gustarle. Me mandan un mail y voy desde Uruguay  (Sudamrica) donde me encuentro en este momento hasta su casa y les pago lo  que hayan gastado.
B000002H97|5.0|This album is Metallica's second best album to date.  With a big variety of songs like &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;Of Wolf And Man&quot;, and &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;, this is Metallica's most varied album before  the Load twins.  &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; is the best written song on the  album, and &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; was the first Metallica song I ever  heard in my life and still is as good as the first time.  Buy this, just  about everyone into or even intrigued by metal/rock.
B00000JGHM|3.0|After looking at pages of five-star reviews, I know I'm alone on this one. Oh well.<br />I love good action movies, and for action, Heat delivers like no other. This movie has some of the most stunning, realistic action sequences  ever made. You will feel the bullets in your chest, face and teeth. Pure  visceral -- viscera, as in guts -- entertainment. The detail and  authenticity in those scenes are thrilling. The violence is realistic.<br />If  this was simply a mindless shoot-em-up of, say, the Arnold/Bruce/Steven  school, there would be no more to say. But Michael Mann clearly had higher  ambitions for this movie, a sprawling heap of plots and subplots nearly  three hours long that struggles for versimilitude at every level.<br />The  quality of acting rises above the genre. De Niro delivers, with a character  well beyond the dangerous-guy-with-goatee stereotype. He contrasts  McCauley's icy intellect with emotional uncertainty in a finely nuanced  performance. The ensemble cast is exceptional. As evidenced also in  &quot;The Insider,&quot; Mann has an acute eye for choosing strong,  reinforcing secondary characters.<br />So what's to complain about?<br />Well, if  you're a Pacino fan, you'd do better to look elsewhere. Even allowing for  the occasionally hackneyed dialog of his role, he doesn't come close to  delivering what he's capable of. Watch &quot;Dog Day Afternoon&quot; again  to see how sloppy his performance is at times here.<br />None of the three  female leads ring completely true, and are given, as in many action movies,  cartoonish parts any actress would be hard-pressed to overcome (although  Ashley Judd comes close).<br />Generally though, the acting is very good,  sometimes excellent. It's the writing that isn't great. Despite its endless  realistic details, &quot;Heat&quot; is a very schematic movie, where  symmetry between the leads works to its detriment -- not, as many have said  here, its benefit. How many action movies (and books) have thehardboiled  good guy/bad guy dichotomy? Well, all of them. How many have, as this one  has repeatedly, sequences showing how hard the good/bad job is on home  life? Maybe only three-quarters? How many have the bad guy screw himself by  going for the final touch ending? Maybe a third? How many take the bad guy  nearly = good  guy when measured morally tack? Maybe only a quarter? How  many have the good guy shouldn't-but-does identifying with bad guy? Another  quarter? And the final, necessary but totally fake despite the superb  actors, good guy/bad guy moment of cathartic good/bad buddyhood? Toss in a  gratuitous well-timed suicide attempt and how much genuine surprise is  there for your three hours? The excellent cinematography, sound and  production values ultimately can't mask the fact that the plot is a  compilation of just such recycled clich&eacute;s.<br />Mann's ending is obviously  meant to mean more, to excuse countless bodies pumped with lead. We are  meant to feel that these men are equals but for tragic quirky Fate, that  McCauley's ruthlessness was hiding a sort-of good guy all along. Forget it.  This ending is an insidious, _unrealistic_ glamorization of violence, and  Mann should be called on it, precisely because &quot;Heat&quot; has  pretensions of being more than an action/gangster comic book. Mann's 1999  movie, &quot;The Insider,&quot; is far better, and the only violence in  that movie is implied.<br />Despite the quality of its details and many  stunning moments, Heat doesn't add up.  Entertaining? Yes.  Thrilling? Yes.  A great action flick? Maybe.  A great movie? No.
B0000028UK|5.0|Well with many people waiting for Pearl Jam 11 Pearl Jam didn't do as asked. However they did make arguably there best CD ever! From the start of this CD you can tell Pearl Jam is on a mission to become the Choice of the  generation. The lead track GO is about as hard rocking as it gets. The  second track and first single Animal is a song where Pearl Jam can be heard  saying 1,2,3,4 5 against 1. This is declaring that it's 5 band members VS 1  recording industry. The third song daughter touches the dark subject of  child abuse. The 4th song Glorified G goes right into the subject of Gun  Control. Song 8 Rearview mirror proves to be a Pearl Jam Classic with its  catchy guitar riff and heartfelt lyrics. Song 10 is the highlight of the CD  It's called Elderly women behind the counter in a small town. This is a  very basic song but the lyrics and the way singer Eddie Vedder sings it  makes this a classic. The closing track Indifference is a haunting song  that reminds me of the doors. All in all this CD is a Classic and a must  buy! MY RATING 1.)GO (8.5/10) 2.)ANIMAL (9/10) 3.)DAUGHTER (10/10)  4.)GLORIFIED G (8.5/10) 5.)DISSIDENT (9/10) 6.)WMA (7/10) 7.)BLOOD (7.5-10)  8.)REARVIEWMIRROR (10/10) 9.)RATS (9/10) 10.)EWBTCIAST (10/10) 11.)LEASH  (9/10) 12.)INDIFFERNCE (9/10)<br />TOTAL= (8.875/10)
B000002MP2|4.0|Green Day managed to lure millions of people into purchasing this CD, but they did it the old fashioned way - hooks aplenty.  There may be more &quot;true&quot; punk bands, but they probably didn't record anything as  catchy as &quot;When I Come Around&quot; or &quot;She&quot;.  A very good  selection of material - plus it's not over-long so you don't get sick of  it.  You probably already have this, or you don't want it...so why are you  reading this again?
B00004U9WR|5.0|Finally, the world's first full length CGI animated motion picture gets the DVD release it deserves.  If it's as good as the bug's life collector's edition, we're in for a treat.  Toy Story introduces us to some great  characters, Buzz and Woody, in a smart buddy-type movie.  Toy Story 2 even  outdoes the original with more fabulous characters and clever story.  Two  groundbreaking films in one package, what more could you ask for?
0440224764|4.0|The book is great to read.  Once I passed chapter two, it was hard to put it down. The characters were well defined and the plot was great.  The more you read on, the more you get to understand and sympathize with the main  character Danilo, who appears to be the &quot;bad guy&quot; in the  beginning.  But the ending...!  Horribe and incosistent. The ending just  doesn't make sense.  Eva suddenly made a 360 degree change in  character at  the end.  It did not follow the way she was presented all along.  She might  as well just take the money and disappear from the beginning.  Why bother  going through so much trouble?  Conclusion:  great book to read, but the  ending ruined the perfect score.
6305905401|1.0|I thought a Roman Polanski movie starring Johnny Depp would be great, but I couldn't have been more wrong.  Depp is a rare-book expert who is sent on a trip to Europe to find a (you guessed it) rare book.  The first 90 min or  so are interesting and creepy but the movie completely falls apart in the  last half hour.  The actress whose character follows and protects Depp  gives a terrible performance.  Another problem with this film is that all  the characters in the film see Hell as a place everyone wants to go to!
079284470X|4.0|I was taken aback by the bad editorial reviews that called this &quot;a terrible movie&quot; and &quot;rock bottom fare.&quot; It is no lie that the story line is perposterous and the actions taken by some of the  peripheral characters are far from realistic, but this film is entertaining  and highly nostalgic for those of us who followed the original 80s  &quot;brat pack&quot; in such movies as &quot;Pretty in Pink,&quot;  &quot;Some Kind of Wonderful,&quot; and  &quot;The Breakfast  Club.&quot;<br />In this film, Andrew McCarthy is a sculptor of fame in his  dreams, but a mannequin designer in real life. When no one else is around,  the mannequin comes to life, embodied with the spirit of an Egyptian  goddess.  Yes, the film is ridiculous, but very sweet  and endearing. The  only friend that seems to understand him is a gay fashion consultant  (Meeshach Taylor, in his much-heavier days) who works in the same  department store.  A nutcase security guard is on the hunt to find out what  McCarthy is doing all night in the store.  If someone described this movie  to me, I would have never seen it, but after seeing it, I was touched. This  would be impossible to pull off today... it is text-book 80s film, but I  still have to watch it each time it's on TV.  If you're only looking for  cerebral films, this will not satisfy your desires, but if you like cheesy  romance and bad 80s fashion, this might just be the ticket.
6305181772|4.0|This is a very good movie. It's like a good piece of art, which at the time of viewing is very good. However after the viewing is done, there is not much one takes away from the movie. This movie relies a lot on suspense  and emotion. It's very stylishly made, and it's excellent to watch in  suspense.<br />IT's obviously much better in terms of plot and style than the  farce of a movie directed by the overrated Jhon Woo. (trust me, he's a very  typcial asian director, just because you haven't seen others doesn't mean  there aren't any.) Remember Mission impossible is supposed to be a team  movie, as is the first one. Not a trashy one man circus like it's  sequal.<br />Watch this movie, and enjoy.
B00000GRL0|5.0|I HAVE ALL HIS MOVIES AND THIS ONE IS THE BEST THE UNCUT VERSION IS AWSOME WHEN HIS TEACHER DRILLS HIM ON SERIOUS QUESTIONS AS AN ALL AROUND MARTAL ARTIST WHAT CAN I SAY ABOUT BRUCE LEE THAT HAS ALREADY BEEN SAID JUST THAT  IF I CAN GO BACK IN TIME I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE MET THE MAN &quot;BE LIKE  WATER MY FRIEND&quot;..
630587493X|4.0|I thought Bicentennial Man was a very touching story. At times it was a  bit lame, but overall it was a good movie. Some of the visuals were just  great, particularly the ones of the distant future. I thought a lot of the  talent in the movie was miss used. Robin Williams doesn't really seem like  a robot to me, I think someone would have been better off playing that  role. Also, on the DVD there really werent any note worthy extras, just a  trailer and a five minute promotional snipet. Common, this is dvd, we want  more.
6305949638|5.0|This was a charming and engaging film about a boy raised in an orphanage who sets out on his own for the first time.  The music score is perfect, the acting is first-rate, and the cinematography is exquisite.  This really  was one of the best films of 1999.  If you're looking for a break from all  the loud, fast-paced action movies, The Cider House Rules won't leave you  disappointed.
6300214710|5.0|Annie Potts portrays the owner of &quot;TRAX,&quot; a record store where teen Molly Ringwald works and her friend Duckie (Jon Cryer) hangs out. Ringwald and Cryer's characters have less than storybook home lives and  they both attend a school in which they are the minority in a school  plentiful with snobby, rich, worldy classmates.<br />Andrew McCarthy crosses  the boundaries between the jet-set and the less affluent when he expresses  his affections for Ringwald's character... which (unknowingly to Ringwald)  breaks the heart of her best friend (Cryer).  More than just teen angst,  the film develops the story around sacrificial love (Ringwald is the adult  in her single-parent home, nurturing her heart-broken, deadbeat father),  true love and true friendship.  No sex or violence, this is a great teen  film. You're not scared for your kids to see this film that told it like it  was and has real deep characters (not shallow lust-mongers) who are looking  for meaning in their lives.  The wardrobe is very '80s and most teens today  will laugh at the attire, but it's a great film nonetheless and really  timeless in regards to the emotions explored. Great acting through-out and  a great nostalgic trip for those of us Gen-X folks who saw it when it first  came out in the theater.  Another John Hughes masterpiece.
B00004T0US|3.0|The Graceland den, 1976: the setting for what would be Elvis Presley's final recording sessions.  By this time, Elvis was overweight, overmedicated, and less eager to visit a recording studio.  This reissue of  MOODY BLUE is paired with all the songs from the FROM ELVIS PRESLEY BLVD.  album.  The now-famous (or infamous) &quot;Jungle Room&quot; sessions may  be considered the closest Elvis ever got to producing an autobiography, but  through music.<br />At the age of 41, Elvis was depressed and bored with life,  and had suffered from various illnesses commonly associated with an elderly  person (e.g. blurred vision, bouts of the flu, and heart disease).  He was  also unable to fully recover from his divorce from Priscilla.  This is  reflected in many of the songs he recorded at these sessions, including  &quot;Hurt,&quot; &quot;Never Again,&quot; &quot;Solitaire,&quot;  &quot;I'll Never Fall in Love Again,&quot; &quot;Bitter They Are, Harder  They Fall,&quot; &quot;Love Coming Down,&quot; &quot;It's Easy for  You&quot; and &quot;She Thinks I Still Care.&quot;<br />It's interesting that  MOODY BLUE and its title track were part of Elvis' final sessions, because  Elvis displayed some moodiness of his own.  For example, his rendition of  Timi Yuro's &quot;Hurt&quot; is blistering and power, but his cover of Neil  Sedaka's &quot;Solitaire&quot; goes nowhere fast.  It's ironic since he  became obsessed with singing about divorce, regret and loss during the last  few years of his life.  But he somehow managed to maintain a sense of  humour through it all, as heard on his live cover/parody of &quot;Little  Darlin'.&quot;<br />This &quot;two-fer&quot; reissue could have been treated  with better care, however.  The &quot;new&quot; cover of Elvis in a blue  suit is fine, but the producers took too much liberty in removing his live  recording of &quot;Let Me Be There,&quot; even though it is noted in the  booklet that it can be found on the 1974 LIVE ON STAGE IN MEMPHIS album.   The photos also appear grainy and out-of-focus, despite the fact that Elvis  wasn't looking his best when they were taken.<br />From a musical standpoint,  MOODY BLUE would not be a good way to begin an Elvis collection.  There are  some highlights worth noting, like &quot;Hurt,&quot; &quot;Moody  Blue,&quot; &quot;Danny Boy,&quot; &quot;Unchained Melody&quot; and  &quot;Way Down&quot; (his final rocker).  But to best hear Elvis in his  prime, one should start with the '50s box set THE KING OF ROCK 'N' ROLL and  work from there.
6305718903|5.0|STIGMATA A REALLY GOOD MOVIE ITS BEEN AWHILE SINCE A MOVIE LIKE THIS CAME OUT POSESSED &amp; ALL I LIKE IT MORE THAN 'END OF DAYS' FOR SURE ITS HAS MORE TRUTH &amp; HISTORY THAN WE ALL THINK JUST SHOWN A LITTLE DIFFERENT  FROM A UPDATED POINT OF VIEW I AM GOING TO OWN THIS MOVIE SOON...
0425173895|4.0|This is an excellent book.  A masterpiece of crime fiction.  If you always wanted to be a detective, here's your chance.  The clues are there.  This is a book that once you pick it up, you'll struggle to put it down.  <br />I  must say though, I found the ending a bit morbid.
B00004TL21|5.0|The new White Pony cd is unbelievable!  The tracks on it are great!  By now, many have only heard the album's first track on the radio, Change (In the house of Flies)...well if you like this song you are in for awsome rock  music!  ChiNo MoReNo, the lead singer, sounds sooo great on this cd and you  can definitely tell with this 3rd cd that the Deftones have really found  their place in music!  I especially like Pink Maggit and Teenager! i  recommend this cd for anyone who loves rock will love this cd!
B0000024SD|5.0|What more could possibly be said about this classic and revolutionary album? Well I'll try. Dylan's first foray into electric rock is excellent. Subterreanean Homesick Blues and Maggie's Farm rock and make you think. In  addition to the spectacular electric side, Dylan lays down some of his  finest solo acoustic material. &quot;It's Alright Ma (I'm only  bleeding)&quot; alone is worth the price of the album. After Bringing It  All Back Home was released, pop music was never the same again. Buy it and  hear why!
B00004U9WR|5.0|When I orginally saw the 1st &quot;Toy Story&quot; movie a few years at the theater the only reason I went was too see state of the art computer animation. I figured there would be no plot or character development. Boy  was I wrong! The movie had some great action scenes, great humor, &amp;  above all I really rooted for Woody when he tried finding his owner (his  facial expressions &amp; his gestures were so moving &amp; believable I  actually focused away from watching the movie for the sole purpose of  seeing state of the art computer animation to sitting there in  anticiptation to see if he and Andy (kid who owns him) could still be best  friends.  This movie reminded me of a one of my favorite books I read when  I was a kid &quot;The Velvetten Rabbit&quot; (which was about a rabbitt  that got thrown out because the kid was allergic to it). I liked &quot;Toy  story 2&quot; just as good for most of the same reasons. I definetly plan  on buying this DVD set.
0440224764|3.0|Grisham enjoys playing around with the reader's perspective in most of his books.  In The Partner, he manipulates to the extreme.  At first glance, Patrick is presented as a con-man extrodinaire having bilked $90 million  away from his former law firm.  As the plot unwinds the reader learns that  there were justifications for Patrick's actions.  The ending is just  another manipulative plot twist that causes the reader to feel he has never  really had control of the story.  But in a way it is appropriate,  after  all, the ulltimate con-man has himself been conned.  And besides...it was  only money he lost, he still has the small brick abode, the shiny red  Beetle, and the quiet Brazilian streets. I enjoyed this book but it wasn't  as good as some of Grisham's others--The Runaway Jury and Testament.  Still, it was lots better than The Chamber.
B00000IMTG|4.0|While listening to this outstanding re-release of classic rock recorded by Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow, I couldn't help noticing the powerhouse drumming of the late Cozy Powell. The guitair work and vocals on this Cd  are truly amazing but it is the sheer power that was Cozy Powell that paces  this live disc.  I was privilaged enough to see this Rainbow line-up many  years ago and I had almost forgotten what a great performer this drummer  was. This Cd is a testament to great Rock N Roll and serves as a legacy to  the great Cozy Powell.
B00004THAY|5.0|Somewhere Stevie Ray is listening to this and thinking, some day , some day...
B00000JCB2|5.0|This cd is everything you could want. It mixes the hardcore music we'd expect from limp bizkit, but it also shows us how good of musicians they are. you have to have calm to appreciate the storm. this album delivers in  everyway.
0790733900|5.0|Newman really rocked in the 60s with Hud and Cool Hand Luke. Most memorable is the soundtrack which is the guitar piece that plays as the inmates are working out in the blistering southern sun. George Kennedy won  a well-deserved oscar for his role as &quot;Dragline&quot;. This film is  great fun and has some memorable dialouge.(&quot;Callin' it you're job  don't make it right boss....&quot;).      Hud is such a likable character  you can't help but root for him as do the other inmates when Hud wins their  respect.Egg-eating scene is of course now ingrained in our memory!It is  also fun to notice all the bit parts that a lot of familiar faces had in  this picture(Wayne Rogers,Dennis Hopper,Harry Dean Stanton,Ralph  Waite).This movie is a regular &quot;world shaker...&quot;
B00000IQC8|3.0|I saw this movie as a recommendation as one of the best written comedy/movies of the all time.<br />Well, I wouldn't say it's one of the best but it's pretty good.  First, hats off to Kevin Smith for the unique  perspective of a movie about clerks.  Also, a hats off to the actors  because I don't know if regular actors can do something like this.  These  actors are a lot more believable than say if you get big name actors to  play the characters parts.  Last, hats off for making an entertaining movie  without the big budget.<br />That's where &quot;Clerks&quot; is a winner.  It's not big-budgeted, you get non major names to play roles.  The acting  is not top notch but they look as if they do fit those parts.  The more  believable these actors are to their characters, the more humorous the  movie was for me.<br />As for quality video and audio, this was a low budget  movie, so I wasn't going to expect any major video/audio at all.  As for  the special features, the audio commentary was funny but terrible in a way  that you can't really hear the actors speak.  It's like one microphone was  being used. This was a big minus for the DVD.  Why put it in there if you  can't hear it that well.  The alternate ending was a shock and it's very  good they didn't include it in the final release.  It would of made the  movie very depressing.  The Soul Asylum music video rocked and how it stays  with the &quot;Clerks&quot; theme made watching the music video that much  more enjoyable.  If there was anything very negative about this DVD, it's  that this DVD continues to be one of the most expensive ones out there.  Otherwise, thank God for DVD coupons.<br />So, if you want to see a fun  movie, &quot;Clerks&quot; will definitely make you laugh.
0425152251|5.0|la filosofia, vista por muchas personas como una maraa de ideas extranas y que no son de facil lectura son expuestas en este libro de manera amena y divertida. vemos como cada idea es puesta una sobre la otra, como cada  filosofo contradice y sucede al proximo y apoyados en las ideas anteriores  hacen sus tesis. aun la filosofia no ha podido contestar las grandes  inquietudes humanas, de donde venimos y hacia donde vamos, que somos  realmente, porque estamos aqui, tenemos una mision o nuestra vida es solo  una sucesion de eventos sin direccion alguna que es el tiempo corremos a  traves de el, o es el quien nos atraviesa mientras permanecemos estaticos y  a merced de sus garras. somos acaso la invencion de los dioses,  un sueno  que alguien sono? o un libro que alguien escribe y nosotros simples  personajes de historieta a merced de nuestro dios escritor, nuestro dios  interprete.<br />la novela, escrita en esa forma tan didactica que ensena sin  ser sentenciosa  y sin juzgar, solo exponiendo las ideas de manera clara  para que sean entendidas en la medida de lo posible y para que nosotros  hagamos nuestros propios juicios y nuestras propias filosofias hacen de  este libro una joya para cualquiera que desee comenzar a estudiar  literatura sin el estorbo de la exposicion de las ideas y la oscuridad de  los conceptos. ya que un adolescente no entenderia la tematica de un  schopenhauer o de un paine, pero es mejor  que lea una exposicion de sus  ideas de manera clara y despues puede leer el original. ojala todas las  sofias contaran con maestros asi.<br />LUIS MENDEZ luismendez@codetel.net.do
B00004STPT|5.0|This soundtrack rates right up there with the soundtrack from the Ten Commandments!  Every emotion from the movie comes flooding back as you listen - especially to tracks 15, 16 and 17.  These tracks build on each  other like labor pains which finally culminate in a very stirring and  powerful ending.  Wonderful to the maximus!
0679746048|2.0|Upon reading the back cover of this book, I was expecting a nonfiction answer to One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest; I found that book and its message so riveting that I pursued (and obtained) a psychology degree.  Instead, I got the uninspired account of Susanna Kaysen's stay in a  glorified boarding school for nonconformist scions of upper-middle-class  homes. Thirty years of life in the &quot;real world&quot; have not given  Ms. Kaysen much introspection or perspective on the world around her; Girl,  Interrupted reads more like the brainchild of a disturbed yet sheltered  18-year-old than the memoir of someone who has been to hell and back. While  Ms. Kaysen alludes to the rampant sexism of 1960s America, the efforts to  stop a burgeoning counterculture, and the endemic trendiness of modern  psychiatry, her observations are underdeveloped or enshrouded in the fog of  time and psychotropic medication. Perhaps because she is little more than a  &quot;poor little rich girl&quot; who failed to thrive, or perhaps because  she truly suffers from Borderline Personality Disorder, Ms. Kaysen does not  seem to sympathize or empathize with anyone she portrays in this book. The  life of the one character whose problems are more severe than not fitting  in with the Cos Cob crowd is treated as an amusing anecdote; others are  reduced to quips and quirks. I could go on, but why bother? I found Girl,  Interrupted to be as overrated as it was underwhelming.
052594527X|5.0|As a rich, hand dipped chocholate is not a meal, as a single canvas is not art, this book is neither a historical journey nor a page-turning melodrama; although it contains elements of each. Like a single sweet confection, or a well loved picture, it is a tantalizing glimpse into a dreamed-of past, full of promise and color. <br />The reader may well be left wishing for more; more length, more detail, more knowledge of the people and their time. Wisely, the author leaves us hungry for more, knowing that to fulfill those wishes and expectations, would be like a painter writing an explanation of his work ... it would defeat the purpose of the canvas. <br />Try this little sweetness for an afternoon, you will be surprised and delighted at Chevalier's power to move you. Sometimes, less is plenty.
0671578278|2.0|Simply puts, its a comedy not a Miles adventure.  Miles is there with his usual flair, and most of what he does aproximates the quality of the previous books.  But everything that goes on around Miles, and there is a  lot of it, is a bad joke.  Whenever I would get interested in Miles'  amorous complications, some off the wall plot would jump up, like butter  bugs or sex change operations.  I hope Bujold doesn't write any more Miles  Vorkosigan comedy.
B000021Y77|2.0|Also ich finde es ja toll, dass ein deutscher Film in den USA so gut ankommt, aber ich habe ihn bei uns in Deutschland im Kino gesehen und dachte mir &quot;wie lange rennt die denn noch&quot; und &quot;warum rennt  die schon wieder&quot;. Mein Freundin fand den Film aber echt klasse. Von  den vier Leuten die wir waren gibt einer 5 Sterne, 2 geben drei Sterne und  ich gebe dem Film 2 Sterne. Wrde ihn mir aber niemals auf DVD oder Video  kaufen.
B000006NPY|4.0|Okay, here's the scoop: 1. To Sheila - A great soft song that really has no flaws<br />2. Ava Adore - Pumpkings go hip hop, sort of. It's the most rocking song, and also the song that made this album platinum.<br />3. Perfect  - A kind of happy sounding one with a nice beat.<br />4. Daphne Descends - Not  quite sad, not quite mad, this one just doesn't have a place. It's okay, I  guess.<br />5. Once Upon A Time - A great song! Now this is not at all like  the typical pumpkins, but it has a beautiful upbeat tone.<br />6. I forget the  title - eh, not too fond of it. Back to the trying to be sad or mad or  something and not really doing either.<br />7. The &quot;Who am I&quot; song -  Not really bad, just kind of slow and tolerable.<br />8. Appels + Oranjes -  This is like new age techno. It reminds me of some psychedelic hippie guy  going nutzoid trying to get in tune with his inner child. It has a nice  beat but the song itself isn't that pleasing.<br />9. Pug - Now this is  another song that's not quite sad or mad, yet this one's different. It  sounds more serious, like Billy knows exactly what's going down. It's a  pretty cool song, and maybe the other rocker after Ava Adore.<br />10. The  Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete - This is one of my personal favorites. The  acoustic guitars are really well done, and it's nice to hear SOME guitar on  this album. This song's got a beat, excellent verse and chorus, it has  emotion to it (which is why I like the pumpkins in general), it has  everything. (Okay, not everything, but pretty close).<br />11. Annie Dog -  Holy Cow, this song is very bad. The dopey piano and Billy's raw, cracking  voice mumbling a stupid song .. . . it's appalling, it really is.<br />12.  Shame - This song and Annie Dog are the worst on the album easily. This  song is just annoying. The weird guitar at the beginning, the totally  ridiculous tune, and the aggravating chorus  &quot;sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-shaaaame&quot; make me sick.<br />13. Behold! the  Nightmare - This song isn't that great. It's slow and just sort of  &quot;there;&quot; you could take it or leave it. I do like the part  &quot;I can't go on, digging roses from your grave&quot; or whatever he  says. It's catchy. But other than those 5 seconds it's so-so.<br />14. For  Martha - This song and the previous few are like night and day. This is one  of best Pumpkins songs ever.  It starts out with a piano part that's nice  and all, but then it really gets into the emotional factor when the vocals  start. And the rocking part halfway through is incredible. It's so amazing  it's hard to describe. This is one of the songs that bailed this album out  of it's potential status as a not very good album.<br />15. Blank Page - A  nice softie to end, too.<br />16. 17 - This is sort of novelty sound bite that  really is unnecessary.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This cd is phat as hell.  IF you have a taste at least for rap or a rap fanatic, this is a must have album.  It really speaks something to the rapping generation.
B00000IPAX|4.0|When someone finds something good that no one else knows about they feel special, like they're in on something that no one else knows about. Such is the case with some people and music. <br />Now a days it seems that it is OK  to like a band until other people discover them, then they become sell  outs. Gee, that makes a lot of sense.<br />People, Blink 182 did not sell out,  they just got better. There is a difference. I promise, if H2O, NOFX, Hot  Water Music, or MXPX ever get big, a bunch of idiots will call them  sell-outs too. <br />Blink and Green Day aren't the sell-outs of the punk  world...they just happen to be better that most of the bands who haven't  hit it big yet. <br />As for Enema of the State: excellent, simple, fun CD.  <br />Simple as Tom Delonge's riffs may be, they are well thought out and  instantly memorable.<br />Every song on here could be a single, though  personally my favorites are: Dumpweed, Going Away to College, Adam's Song,  and Wendy Clear. <br />The secret weapon of the band is Travis Barker, their  drummer, whose skill is rivaled only by Tre' Cool of Green Day and Sexton  of 311.  <br />In a nutshell, if you like any of the current Blink-182  singles, you'll like the CD. But if you're one of those &quot;cool  guys&quot; who thinks that success somehow deteriates the quality of music,  then turn and run fast. Very fast. <br />Thanks and good night.
6305364613|1.0|I really tried to like this movie.  In fact, I have enjoyed several other modern remakes of Shakespeare's plays.  This one just doesn't work.  The movie setting is today's world while the diaglogue is from Shakespeare's  time. The dialogue was hard to understand.  This resulted in many of the  double entendres being lost in the mush. I hope that the movie producers  saved a lot of money.  They didn't have to hire a clever scriptwriting  staff.  <br />The settings for this movie were terrible.  The mansions were  trying to look like castles and modern houses all at the same time.  Again,  this didn't work.  <br />I also think Dicaprio was miscast.  He seemed too  inexperienced to play the role of Romeo.  His lines sounded forced, and his  emotions were often overacted.<br />Skip this one, and see the 1968 version  instead.  Better yet, attend a live performance.
0800141628|5.0|This is just the most marvelous movie ever....it's funny, it's touching....it really makes you think about the priorities in life...especially when gordie says that he felt like the luckiest boy on  earth just because he was with his friends...it was just marvelous.  therre's not much else to say, just amrvelous. Ihave watched it already  about 6,789 times in my life but I assure you that I will watch it another  million times, i can never get tired of it. It's spectacular: a total  MUST-SEE.
B000002GQG|5.0|I don't know how many hours I have spent immersed in this CD. It grabs me and takes me on a journey of Imagination (that's right, with a capital I),  and no matter how many times I listen to it, I keep finding new shores to  visit. The songs are simple and complex at the same time, and I must admit  even simplistic at some level, BUT THEY WORK!   Nobody will ever claim that  Justin Hayward has a great singing voice or that he is a great poet, in  fact, when you look at the lyrics by themselves they are really insipid.  What happens when they are put into the context of the music is awesome,  though. Those lyrics are transformed into yearnings that can only be  answered by letting your soul make a journey into the unknown. The music is  filled with layers of shadow, and open spaces where every note promises new  horizons, and delivers, often vistas you didn't expect. In case you hadn't  figured it out, I like this CD.
B000009ED0|5.0|If you like Rap than get it. you like metal, rock  than you have to get it. take my advice this cd or tape is really great. They are not really famous over here but i saw a videoclip of &quot;Devil wittout a cause&quot;  i fell totally in love with it  just get the D@mn cd.  you will like it
B00002R0MC|5.0|Success in every way capturing the true vibration of the mystic man and his talented band.  The tracks are flawless in their arrangement and composition -- most noteable guava jelly into an acoustic medley on disc2.  I looked high and low for the new release after my original walked away,  Thank you TuffGong.
B00003CWOL|5.0|This was undoubtedly the best movie of 1998.  It is extremely funny and more importantly it is extremely intelligent.  It dares to ask the questions that all people who have wrestled with faith ask, and while  addressing the issues doesn't pretend to have the answers.  It does all of  this while being VERY funny and with a plot that keeps the viewer's  attention.  I highly recommend this film.
6305858764|1.0|This movie, picturesquely set in a well depicted recreation of the Italy of the fifties, was an incredible desecration of the classic style of Hitchcock's film noir observations of the pure evilness of certain types of  psychopathic id.  I am recalling &quot;Strangers on a Train&quot; and  &quot;Shadow of a Doubt&quot;.<br />I was really looking forward to seeing  Matt Damon portray the primary character, a non-entity who takes on the  personality of a Princeton reprobate (Jude Law, nominated for an Oscar for  best supporting actor) living in idle luxury off his &quot;allowance&quot;  in Italy,  together with his fiance, played by Gwyenth Paltrow. Paltrow  seems to have studied Audrey Hepburn's breathy voice and mannerisms to  portray her role as the fifties style, pretty, but weak and overbred,  upperclass fiance. She does a good job, but the role is essentially minor.  That the role is minor is a typical deficit in this off balance  movie.<br />Jude Law, as the Princeton &quot;bad boy&quot;, does a good job as  well, but he is not worthy of the nomination he got for supporting actor.  Why?  Because the script is perfectly awful and he is forced to play his  part within the major limitations of the script.  I liked seeing him tear  it up in a jazz dive but the charisma he is supposed to  have, and the  classy background he was supposed to be born to, was not conveyed clearly  enough to me. He was as ill served as Paltrow in this movie.<br />Now, on the  the greatest disappointment of this film.  This was the film I intended to  watch to decide if Matt Damon is really any good as an actor. I am sorry to  say that he was incredibly inept in sustaining my interest in this movie.  He portrays, here, the lousiest psychopath I have ever had the non pleasure  of watching onscreen. It is usually interesting to find out why an amoral  person is capable of doing the awful things he or she does. What were his  motives?  Well, if you can stand the boredom of waiting this movie out,  Damon will spell them out for you about five-eighths of the way through. I  dare you to care at that point.  His facial expressions run the gamut from  his usual teeth baring, ingenuous, open smile, to that half sneering, half  open smile he had in &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot;.  How has he gotten so  far as an actor?  I am astounded that this movie got any good reviews at  all.  It was interminable, poorly written, and had only one thing going for  it:  the scenery of Italy lensed through a big pile of American movie  money.<br />best, jeanie out,  Damon will spell them out for you about five-eighths of the way through. I  dare you to care at that point.  His facial expressions run the gamut from  his usual teeth baring, ingenuous, open smile, to that half sneering, half  open smile he had in &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot;.  How has he gotten so  far as an actor?  I am astounded that this movie got any good reviews at  all.  It was interminable, poorly written, and had only one thing going for  it:  the scenery of Italy lensed through a big pile of American movie  money.<br />best, jean
0800128052|5.0|This whole film was centered around Rudy. So the acting part of this movie was by far the most important. Sean Astin's performance was flawless. He carried this movie the whole way through. I felt so connected to Rudy,  because I was an athelet like him. On the other hand my life is completely  different from his. No matter how hard I tried I never made the school  team. I realized that life is not like the movies, and that sometimes we  have to accept reality. This was a great film though.
6305858764|1.0|This movie, picturesquely set in a well depicted recreation of the Italy of the fifties, was an incredible desecration of the classic style of Hitchcock's film noir observations of the pure evilness of certain types of  psychopathic id.  I am recalling &quot;Strangers on a Train&quot; and  &quot;Shadow of a Doubt&quot;.<br />I was really looking forward to seeing  Matt Damon portray the primary character, a non-entity who takes on the  personality of a Princeton reprobate (Jude Law, nominated for an Oscar for  best supporting actor) living in idle luxury off his &quot;allowance&quot;  in Italy,  together with his fiance, played by Gwyenth Paltrow. Paltrow  seems to have studied Audrey Hepburn's breathy voice and mannerisms to  portray her role as the fifties style, pretty, but weak and overbred,  upperclass fiance. She does a good job, but the role is essentially minor.  That the role is minor is a typical deficit in this off balance  movie.<br />Jude Law, as the Princeton &quot;bad boy&quot;, does a good job as  well, but he is not worthy of the nomination he got for supporting actor.   Why?  Because the script is perfectly awful and he is forced to play his  part within the major limitations of the script.  I liked seeing him tear  it up in a jazz dive but the charisma he is supposed to  have, and the  classy background he was supposed to be born to, was not conveyed clearly  enough to me. He was as ill served as Paltrow in this movie.<br />Now, on the  the greatest disappointment of this film.  This was the film I intended to  watch to decide if Matt Damon is really any good as an actor. I am sorry to  say that he was incredibly inept in sustaining my interest in this movie.   He portrays, here, the lousiest psychopath I have ever had the non pleasure  of watching onscreen. It is usually interesting to find out why an amoral  person is capable of doing the awful things he or she does. What were his  motives?  Well, if you can stand the boredom of waiting this movie out,  Damon will spell them out for you about five-eighths of the way through. I  dare you to care at that point.  His facial expressions run the gamut from  his usual teeth baring, ingenuous, open smile, to that half sneering, half  open smile he had in &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot;.  How has he gotten so  far as an actor?  I am astounded that this movie got any good reviews at  all.  It was interminable, poorly written, and had only one thing going for  it:  the scenery of Italy lensed through a big pile of American movie  money.<br />best, jean
0790729687|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS SO GOOD.THERE'S BLOOD,GOR,AND ECT.THIS MOVIE SHOWS A BETTER WAY OF VAMPIRES.FOR EXAMPLE,IN OTHER VAMPIRE MOVIES IT'S THE SAME YOU BITE THE NECK AND YOU TURN BUT IN THIS MOVIE YOU HAVE A CHOICE.SO WHAT I'M  REALLY TRYING TO SAY IS THIS MOVIE IS DIFFERENT THAN ALL THE OTHERS OUT  THERE.BUY THIS MOVIE NOW.TRUE CLASSIC.
B000002B7O|5.0|if there is any ozzy album you get it is either gonna be the ozzman cometh or diary of a madman, i love every song on this record and it is ozzy's best one ever
B000001FUZ|5.0|Back in the day, the Brothers dogged me out for raving about Traffic.  That stopped when they gave a listen.<br />There was no one else who did such a good job of the blend their strong guitar work with piano and horns (I  guess now they call it fusion).  &quot;Glad&quot; remains an exquisite  piece of work, and hits right on the spot for the smooth jazz sound many  others still strive for.   <br />Of course, they did not stray too far from  their beginnings, with the tragic, magic &quot;Empty Pages&quot;.  The  piano interlude there has some of the best tickling of the ivories one  would ever want to hear.  It had been twenty five years since I heard this.   This CD brings back a truckload of memories.
B000002KHH|5.0|this is my favorite black sabbath album, it features awesome songs like: paranoid, war pigs, electric funeral, and faries wear boots, it is defenitely sabbaths best.
0767836286|4.0|I don't understand why so many critics did not like Arlington Road.  While  I do admit, Jeff Bridges was a little bit too intense at times, the overall  quality was excellent.  In addition to the believable performances, the  script was quite amazing.  <br />I believe the cause for the lame box office  earnings and subpar reviews was for an intelligent and well thought out  ending.  These days, a predicatble and happy ending is necessary in order  for a movie to become well liked.  With a movie like Arlington Road, you  don't get a sense of a real &quot;resolution&quot; to the characters.  I  believe that this ending was perfect to the way that the beginning was  built up.<br />In other words, this movie would have cheated itself and its  viewers had it concluded with a happy ending and the bad guys being sent to  jail.  The beauty of this movie, and why I think it stands out above the  pack of many other movies in the same genre (i.e. &quot;The Siege&quot;),  is the fact that we realize, sometimes the good guys don't win.<br />I give  the actors, and director a bow of respect for this fine movie.
0790731509|5.0|Bought this film largely on the reviews here.  Being fairly young I haven't seen many films where Newman was establishing himself.  He puts on a fantastic performance here.  Basically the standard rebel film except  Newman doesn't act without a cause.  Put into jail for a seemingly minor  violation now, the system he encounters grates against his nature.  You  watch as the system wears him down and he wears the system down.  In the  end it is a kind of stalemate where both win and both lose.  George  Kennedy, who I admit seems like more of a comedy side from the movies I've  seen, is just unbelievable.  It is a shame he hasn't played more dramatic  roles.  Lovely film.
B000002U94|4.0|If you don't have anything by Bob Seger, this would be a good choice. It's as good or better as a greatest hits collection than his official &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;. (Although it doesn't include &quot;Still the  Same&quot;, it does have several major hits not included on that release).  It's full of his usual high-energy, bluesy, 50's-style rock'n'roll &amp;  soul. However, the versions here are pretty much identical to the studio  versions, so if you already have them, you don't really need this. The only  two I really don't care for are &quot;Mainstreet&quot; &amp; &quot;We've  Got Tonight&quot;. They sound a bit out of place.
B00004TL21|5.0|The Deftones new release White Pony is one dark and mysterious album.  If it isn't Chino's screaming lyrics that catch you then it is the harsh guitar riffs.  The whole album just has this dark and bitter feeling to it  which makes it such a great listen.  A lot of the songs have Chino just  screaming his lungs out like Elite and Knife Party.  Some songs though so  the softer side of the rage such as Teenager or Pink Maggit.  The Deftones  sound better than ever and the album is great.  It is a must have if you  really enjoy some great dark but excellent music.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I waited until the whole family was asleep and started watching this DVD at 1 am....I must tell you that this is the most addicting show ever...i could not stop watching....i watched the first DVD and needed to see the  second, but I also needed some sleep....this shoow is amazing...i bought  the DVD for the hours of entertainment it would provide, not sure if i  would actually be entertained or if I would end up hating the series...well  i am addicted and this and The 10th kingdom are the best DVD's to buy for  hours and hours of pure enjoyment...
B00004TL21|4.0|very good cd not as good as the first 2.  i expected it to be a little better.  still a very very good cd. they were amazing in concert.  they took a little softer approach on this cd but its definitly worth getting.
B00004S6GL|5.0|I just discovered Elliott Smith today. All I heard was snippets of each of his songs, which I quickly became hooked on within two or three seconds. Perhaps it's because his musical style is so similar to my favorite band  Sixpence None the Richer. Even his voice is wispy and...ethereal, as Leigh  Nash has been described. If you love Sixpence and also Jars of Clay, you'll  love Elliott Smith's Figure 8.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Well, gosh, folks, it may be catchy and it may want to you make to dance, but ya know what?  It would be twice as good if she could sing.  Her inane growl and numerous (to the point of being uncountable) vocal hiccups  detract from any appeal the songs may have had.  I have nothing against,  the girl, I'm sure she's very nice, and of course she's pretty, but that  doesn't mean she should be riding to stardom on a FAR below par voice.
0140434267|5.0|Being the literary classic that it is, you can purchase Pride &amp; Prejudice in a variety of shapes, sizes, and prices. No matter which one you chose it's still the perfect love story of Elizabeth Bennet (who every  woman wants to be) and Mr. Darcy (easily the sexiest literary character of  all time), witty and entertaining as well as significant in its portrayal  of femininity and other issues of the period in which it was written. It  may be just as good a story in the cheapest edition as in the most  expensive, but shelling out a couple extra dollars may get you more for  your money.<br />If you're reading for a class or for independent study, you  can't go wrong (for this book or any other) with the Norton Critical  Edition. Includes not only the original text and info about the author, but  critical articles studying the novel from several different perspectives.  This edition could easily save you a trip to the library to find those  secondary sources you'll need for your research paper.<br />If you're just  reading for pleasure or think the Norton Critical Edition is a little  pricey, your best bet is Penguin Classics. It's a well-edited version  that's appropriate for scholarly study, but it also offers those little  extras that make pleasure reading all the more pleasurable: endnotes that  will help you differentiate a post-chaise from a barouche and an  well-written and interesting introduction that looks at both influences on  Austen's writing and Pride and Prejudice as a classic romance (scholarly  enough to get you thinking, but not so much that it's boring or difficult  to understand). In my opinion the Penguin Classics edition is definitely  the best bet for your money.
006016848X|4.0|John Gray might not end the Battle of the Sexes, but he comes close to negotiating a truce. We ARE on different wavelengths, he says, and he translates each gender's seemingly odd behavior in a way the opposite sex  can understand. <br />Your mantra for every chapter will be &quot;Gee, I  didn't know that!&quot; <br />My church used this book as a basis for a  discussion group; each week's chapter resulted in a lively and fascinating  exchange. And several &quot;lightbulb moments&quot; when we suddenly got a  flash of insight.<br /> For anyone who has ever been baffled by the opposite  sex (and haven't we all?), this book is must reading indeed.
B00004SCX6|1.0|After listening to this CD I was almost amazed because she re-created her last CD almost perfectly!  Now, don't get me wrong, I was a total Britney fan. The only writing she does (co-writing i mean) is on dear diary.  When  you listen to dear diary the lyrics are so bad, im sure my 3 year old  sister could write something better!  She uses the same writers and  producers on 10 of the 12 songs so, all the songs are the same. Same beat  and same messages as her last cd. Do not buy this!
B000001DQI|5.0|I've already written one review of this album. But, having returned to it (after a  significant length of time), I have rediscovered how good this album really is.<br />This album contains some of the most seminal songs of the last 50 years... The title track strikes a chord few songs can match, and &quot;Candle in The Wind&quot; carries it's own fame. &quot;Saturday Night&quot; is one of the few songs to sit along side &quot;Rock Around The Clock&quot; and &quot;Hound Dog&quot; as rock standards... Just listen-out for how often that riff and chord-progression have been borrowed. &quot;This Song Has No Title&quot; is one of the most enigmatic, heart-rending songs ever recorded.<br />With repeated listens this record becomes more important, and more significant. Classical in its structure, contemporary in its scope, I have never found a more complete record than this one, in eny genre. This is one truly great record, and will withstand any level of scrutiny or test of time.<br />Laden with pathos, hunger, anguish, ambition and sheer awesome talent, this is Elton John's defining moment. Overlook this album at your peril.<br />The best solo album ever? Definitely. The best album ever? Probably.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|This LP (recorded in New York, Oslo &amp; Hamburg between 98-00) marks a fitting return of A-ha. In fact, it appropriately begins with the title track; a clear example of A-ha's musical maturity. The track begins with a  whisper and develops into a 'haunting' melody. It's no wonder that this  track reached platinum in Germany when released as a single.<br />Unlike  before where P Waaktaar-Savoy takes the lead in song-writing. This LP  boasts of musical collaborations between the 3 members. 'To let you win'  composed by M Harket is a strong piece and the tune evokes anguish for a  failed love affair. The melancholy is further propelled with another Harket  composition 'Thought that it was you' and 'I wish I cared' by M Furuholmen.  Lauren Savoy (Pal's wife's) lends her vocals to 'You'll never get over  me'.<br />On a different note, 'The sun never shone that day' easily lifts the  LP up with its upbeat tune, a simple but effective bass line and M Harket's  melodic vocals. I am a bit disappointed with 'I won't forget her' and 'Mary  Allen...'. Compared to the other tracks, they came across rather  plain.<br />Generally, this LP is easy to listen and appreciate. The ambient  mood cast by the first single 'Summer Moved On' continues throughout most  of the 13 tracks. The strings played by the Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra and  the Norwegian Radio Orchestra create an ethereal background to most of the  compositions in this LP.<br />I own all of A-ha's earlier LPs and am pleased  to say this LP shows a significant progression in the band's musical &amp;  lyrical talents. I am impressed to note that P Waaktaar-Savoy and M  Furuholmen played a major part in the String arrangement for the different  orchestras.
0764005685|5.0|I don't know what to say, first off Dario Argento is god!!! This movie is  wild and crazy, Dario Argento is able to keep his stories fresh and on the  edge, yet make it watchable, without the viewer saying &quot;Now what the  hell was that?&quot; The camera work is amazing, as well as the directing  and Jennifer acting is wonderful (not bad, since she was only 14 when this  film was made). Donald gave us a super acting job as well. The beauty of  Dario Argento is he always pushes his skills to the limit and the result is  a great movie, his effects are at time amusing, yet insane!!!! This is a  crack version of Snow White and if one buys this movie they must get the  soundtrack by Goblin or don't even bother. A must for Argento fans, a must  for movie fans!!!!!!!! Dark, Demented, Dario!!!!!!!!!!
0780624890|5.0|This is one awesome movie. You better buy it because it was &quot;The Matrix&quot; of 1998. By that, I mean it was the action equivalent of &quot;The Matrix&quot;, except it came out a year earlier. Graceful, yet  extremely violent action sequences, cool weapons, and a really cool  premise: it's all an action fan could ever ask for. It's also got some  great special effects, such as the vampires burning to a crisp, leaving  only their skeletons. And who can forget exploding vampires? Another plus  is Wesley Snipes, who is perfect for the role of Blade. Sure, the acting  won't win any awards, but I think it's a solid cast, and it has a better  plot than most movies (especially ones like that dumb-as-hell flick  &quot;Dinosaur&quot;). Buy it and watch it or &quot;The Matrix&quot;  whenever you get a craving for pure action movies. Those two movies will  tide you over (at least until Blade 2 and Matrix 2 and 3 come out).
6305358613|5.0|Yes, this review is late in coming:  1998 WAS an Elizbethan year @ the box office and at the Oscars, but still...  Dark, brooding, intelligent, magnifiscent in its renaissance colors, please buy this film!  It deserves  attention, overshadowed by &quot;Shakespeare in Love,&quot; a silly piece  of twoddle, save for Dame Jusy Dench's performance--the one saving grace of  that film. Cate Blanchet WAS ROBBED of the Best Actress Oscar statuette;  Gwynnie P won for breeding, not brains...The music is tremendous, the  costumes appear most authentic, and again, there is Ms. Blanchet.  Oscar  has some serious making up to do for this oversight.
0780624890|5.0|This is one awesome movie. You better buy it because it was &quot;The Matrix&quot; of 1998. By that, I mean it was the action equivalent of &quot;The Matrix&quot;, except it came out a year earlier. Graceful, yet  extremely violent action sequences, cool weapons, and a really cool  premise: it's all an action fan could ever ask for. It's also got some  great special effects, such as the vampires burning to a crisp, leaving  only their skeletons. And who can forget exploding vampires? Another plus  is Wesley Snipes, who is perfect for the role of Blade. Sure, the acting  won't win any awards, but I think it's a solid cast, and it has a better  plot than most movies (especially ones like that dumb-as-hell flick  &quot;Dinosaur&quot;). Buy it and watch it or &quot;The Matrix&quot;  whenever you get a craving for pure action movies. Those two movies will  tide you over (at least until Blade 2 and Matrix 2 and 3 come out).
6305433909|1.0|This movie is not funny. The only good thingabout the movie is when Lauryn  Hill sings everything else is boring and stupid. The nuns say that the the  kids are out of control when thats not true the kids that appear in this  are more well behabed than most of the kids I know for example none of them  drinks , smoke , has sex they don't get in fights and they don't curse not  even once wich is something kids in the first grade do.
B00004TL21|5.0|This was a very nice album and i quite enjoyed listening to the 1st minute of it. I did not listen to the rest as i was over a friends house and had to go home to have my tea.
B00000JSYM|5.0|This is the album that inspired the Beatles to create Sgt Peppers.It is an album of wonderful sounds,from &quot;God only knows&quot; to &quot;you stil believe in me&quot;. It has been listed in the top 10 albums of all time  for over thirty years,and deservedly so.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This CD is amazing.  Every song is good, some in different ways than others.  For instance, if i was tired and wanted to just relax, i would listen to Remember Me or I'm Back or something.  If I wanted to dance i  would listen to Drug Ballad.  If I wanted to hear a story I would listen to  Stan.  But the real reason I wrote this review is because of the song Kim.   I am tired of listening to people dis it.  Yes it is really really  disturbing and if someone were to play it at the mall or something it would  probably be empty in a second.  But if you listen to it a few times, you  can see how deep it is.  ... he has taken his anger and made a song  about killing his wife that is more convincing than any movie.  Just the  way he does it is great.  Most rappers would have the whole song just  yelling swears.  He integrates them with feeling.  The part i noticed this  most was when he goes &quot;I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU! I SWEAR TO GOD I HATE  YOU! Oh my God I love you!&quot;  It shows how much feeling went into it,  and how when you are doing something like that your feelings fluctuate  between love and hate.  It is just an amazing song, and if you listen to it  a few times instead of going &quot;Ew that is sick!&quot; and never  listening to it again, you will see what I mean.  But pay attention and be  ready to cry a few times, it is extremely emotional.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This movie is, by far,t he funniest science fiction comedy I have seen in years... and it's the funniest Tim Allen film I have seen EVER.  Recommended to all comedic movie fans, even if they don't enjoy sci fi.
B000002NJS|5.0|Ray Of Light. <br />Single - Peak Positions (based on the Hot 100)<br />Frozen                 - 2 (#1 in Billboard Hot Dance/Club Play Chart)<br />Ray Of Light           - 5 (#1 in Billboard Hot Dance/Club Play Chart)<br />The Power  Of Goodbye   - 11 (unknown)<br />Nothing Really Matters - 93 (#1 in Billboard  Hot Dance/Club Play Chart)<br />You do the DECIDING.
0451191935|4.0|I'd picked up a copy of &quot;The Bachman Books&quot; and some other King books at a used bookstore a few years ago, but I never read the former until recently.  The stories are quite troubling, although they are PURELY  FICTION.  What especially made me think is the novella titled &quot;The  Long Walk.&quot;  With today's  game-show-win-a-million-dollars-I'll-do-anything-for-money craziness (AND  with the public American audience currently eating it up), and in the wake  of cinema and television violence, it seems like shows like  &quot;Survivor&quot; will pave the way for future game shows like &quot;The  Long Walk&quot; when our fickle American Audience cries for more commotion.   Could a real-life version of &quot;The Long Walk&quot; be far behind?   This collection really does make you think--and re-evaluate your dollar.   After reading &quot;The Long Walk&quot; you might ACTUALLY want to get up  and EARN your money, as opposed to &quot;winning&quot; in some sort of  twisted competition.  After all...let us remember a lesson from Shirley  Jackson's wonderful story &quot;The Lottery.&quot;  Winning isn't  everything...
B00004TDRD|5.0|This is, quite simply,one of the best horror films ever made.Spielberg effectively meshes stark terror, a bit of realism,and a little humor to create this excellent film version of a rather horrible novel. I'm sure  everyone knows the plot,so no need to go into that.Superb acting,superb  direction,superb score,almost everything worked about this film. As a  refreshing change,Spielberg chose to present each of his characters as  completely fleshed out human beings, and not just fodder for the  shark.Truly excellent filmmaking.This movie really scared me really,REALLY  bad as a child,and as a result I think the PG rating is a bit lenient. It  really should have been rated R.It really is too intense for young kids.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Never a truer word was spoken. She sure did do it again and make an insipid manufactured piece of rubbish. This album and it's 'songs' are the saddest thing I have never heard especially the title song 'Oops..I did it  again' I just wanted to cringe at that stupid dialogue about the necklace  from Titanic. It's a pity the 'old lady' didn't throw this album and  everybody associated with it into the ocean as well. The whole 'I'm so  innocent and sweet(or am I?) thing is getting really old. Whatever you do  don't give this completely talentless girl more money by buying this.
0618001905|4.0|One of my favorite aspects of good historical nonfiction is that it conveys a sense of detail, depth, and texture that is sometimes absent from the most perceptive fiction.<br />Hochshild's book concerns not only King Leopold, as the title seems to imply, but an immense collection of both famous and lesser participants and variables in the Congo issue.  One will be enthralled by the political dexterity of King Leopold, and his procedure for securing and gaining worldwide respect for his mission.  <br />King Leopold's Ghost is all the more readable because it is not polemically charged. Hochschild does not seek a \\"politically-correct\\" blanket indictment of Western Civilization that is popular these days. Hochschild, the historian, carefully and explicitly reminds us of the complexity of historical men and motives, of the savagery and benevolence of Africans and Europeans alike.
0792156684|2.0|The fact that this film won so many oscars really shows that effects triumph over acting. It was sickening to see James Cameron claiming to be 'King of the world'. This is a prime example of never judging a book by  it's cover. The whole story has nothing to do with the Titanic. It is  simply a glossed up cheesy love story,(and not a very believable one at  that)filled with equally unrealistic characters. <br />Leonardo di Caprio is  just plain irritating as the spritely young Jack. Leonardo di Caprio is  badly cast and as some people can't see he is a very bad actor. (The only  time he ever showed any talent was as Johnny Depp's handicapped brother in  'What's eating Gilbert Grape')winning his ticket in a game of poker as  young spritely lads so often do how predictable is that. He is truely a man  on the edge!  <br />And what was Kate Winslet thinking? She is such an  excellent actress (see Jude and Heavenly Creatures) her skills are totally  wasted as the poor little rich girl who finds 'freedom' when she meets  scruffy little Jack. Billy Zane is also not believable as the  villain.<br />Although the acting is bad a lot of it can be attributed to  atrocious screenwriting, a prime example being the scene where the ship is  sinking, people are plumetting into the water around Rose and Jack. And in  the middle of all this Rose turns to Jack and says:<br />&quot;Jack this is  where we first met!&quot; <br />Another scene is where an Irish woman is  telling her children about 'Tir na nOg' which epitomizes the daft  perception American filmmakers have about Irish people. Very few children  are told about Tir na nOg outside of a classroom in Ireland and sometimes  not even there. Enough said<br />This film insults rather than comemerates the  people who died. It tries to make you feel more sorry for characters that  didn't exist than the actual people who did drown eg. The Astars (owners of  Macy's) but of course we don't want to think of them because of course as  thisfilm's prejudice shows rich people are evil and mean except of course  Mrs Brown(Kathy Bates) but she wasn't always rich, her mind driven by the  importance of money (as this movie shows) as everyone else is.<br />Don't be  taken in by this forgettable film. It is a watch once and forget about it  kind of movie. The fact that it won as many oscars as Ben Hur is an insult.  Yet I guarantee Ben Hur will remain a classic long after Titanic is  confined to the archives
B00000IOSU|5.0|Not a huge fan of &quot;Surfacing&quot; but &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstasy&quot; is an album that I deeply relish. Such a powerful and moving compilation, I have listened to it on many an occasion only to break down  in sobs to songs like &quot;Hold On&quot;, &quot;Good Enough&quot;,  &quot;Wait&quot;, and &quot;Elsewhere&quot; (her BEST studio release to  date).  I am a big believer in the power of healing through music and she  has helped me recognize and purge much of the pain I have absorbed (and  inflicted) in my life. Buy &quot;Mirrorball&quot; if not for her amazingly  rendition of &quot;Possession&quot;. The crescendo at the end is so  indescribably moving that it's a practical religious experience. Goose  bumps, mixed tears of joy/pain, and a flood of spiritual overwhelm. You  just want to lift your hands up to the sky and thank God for the gift of  music this beautiful, this cleansing. By itself that's a song that you just  don't get tired of and her amazing rendition has proven better than the  real thing (same with &quot;Hold On&quot;). Music like this is few and far  between people. It is therapy for the wounded soul. Embrace it...<br />*Please  take the time to &quot;Read more about me&quot; and check out my bio/ web  page. I am over at MP3.com promoting my recently released TripAngel  CD..Thanks
6305181772|2.0|To figure out &quot;Mission Impossible&quot; after just one or a few viewings is truly an impossible mission. The plot involves more questions than answers and seems to resemble a bus leaving a stop with the  dumbfounded passengers-to-be left at the stop confused at why the bus just  kept on going. This action flick started out with a  straight-forward-cliche-spy-mission to retrieve a certain bit of  information. The mission appeared to be a failure. Things got ugly in a  hurry. That was when the bus left(so to speak) and the confusion began. The  way it ended still has me baffled. The action sequence at the end is  laughable. Trust me, it is beyond believable. Seeing is not believing in  this movie. There are certain instances in &quot;Mission Impossible&quot;  when characters show up with no explanation of how they actually got there.  They are just there.(See it, and you will understand that further)  &quot;Mission Impossible&quot; had a very original scene involving a  different way of portraying the thinking of a character at a particular  time.(I won't spoil it. That was great) So, if you solved &quot;Mission  Impossible&quot; during or after the first viewing you are truly and I mean  truly a genius. The attention to detail it would take to understand this  movie is just incredible. Who was the target audience? The CIA?
B00000DFSK|5.0|Being a fan for 3 years I already had all the albums, so I basically bought the 2 cd set for the B-Sides and the new mix of &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot;. The Collection on this &quot;best of&quot; album are  everything a new fan could look for. It has probably all the songs that  people know of by U2, but don't know U2 does them. Such songs as  &quot;pride&quot; and &quot;with or without you&quot;. But this is the best  collection of &quot;hits&quot; I've ever heard. Now what am I saying ? I'm  saying they should've called this 'the Hits 1980-1990'. I'm sure any long  time U2 fan will be mad at the absences of songs like '40', 'A sort of  Homecoming','running to stand still', and 'god part 2'. This is basically a  collection of their radio hits from the 80's which is fine. In return you  get a new version of an old song, 'Sweetest Thing'. This is a great summer  song. Probably one of the most popular songs by U2 in a long time since  Zooropa. One last thing, where's 'bullet the blue sky' on this ? It just  happens to be one of their greatest political anthems and it's not on  here...Ah well. Listen and Enjoy ~
0688145078|5.0|I am excepting my second child and this book is wonderful to read to my First.  It helps him realize that there is going to be a new addition to our family and it emphasizes that he is very special too.  It uses simple  words and great pictures to tell a wonderful story!  My son loves it and so  do I.
0767903854|5.0|I'm a big fan of Bill Bryson's work and especially like his willingness to interact with the people he meets on his travels in order to get to the core of the country he is in. As an Australian I found his observations on  Australia and how we live both an interesting travelogue and a revealing  social commentary. Apart from prompting me to visit a few places I am yet  to see, this book certainly gave me plenty of food for thought about how  much we take for granted. Bryson's obvious pleasure at being here in  Australia was refreshing and (seemed) genuine. I look forward to a sequel  where he could maybe visit more of Queensland (ie Brisbane) and Northern  NSW and of course, Tasmania. Maybe on the same trip he could visit NZ.  However, unlike other readers, I don't think he should be forced to take  Stephen Katz along!
B00004TL21|4.0|This album sounds little bit different from their other albums but it has interesting lyrics and the new sound is good especially on the track Change(in the house of flies). Even if you haven't hear their music before  you will enjoy it once you have heard it.
B000002NBY|5.0|I was only a year old when this record came out, yet it has had a profound effect on my life.  I am an American, but I've lived most of my life in West Africa.  This record is an elegant, funky, joyful, and rhythmic fusion  of the two countries.  While living in Africa without CDs, we wore out for  cassette tapes.  Now that I live in America, I have the enhanced CD, which  is awesome.  I learned a lot about Simon's rather cryptic lyrics by  watching the added videos.  I also have the recorded live in Zimbabwe music  video. (If you liked the more traditional African tunes like  &quot;Homeless&quot; and &quot;Under African Skies&quot; then I reccomend  &quot;The Power of One,&quot; the movie soundtrack.    This CD is a great  way to introduce people to the joys of ethnic music.  I loved the way that  he didn't just focus on one country, but also had people like Los Lobos in  &quot;The Myth of Fingerprints,&quot; which is one of my favorites.  The  energy and rhythm is just about unparalled in the world of music.  (And if  it is, then tell me where to find it! :)   If you are looking for a way to  breathe life and Cajun spice into your life, here's the way to do it!   Also, I would love to hear feedback from other people who like this CD.   Afrikarisa@aol.com
B00003Q43A|4.0|This is an excellent way to spend the evening.  There is nothing overty thrilling, or thought provoking about this movie.  It was not written to be Apocalypse Now, nor was it intended to be Hot Shots.  In Independence Day,  some items are handed to you that are a little difficult believe, and if  you want to know what they are, read some of the other reviews.  I don't  care.  If Hollywood wants me to believe a MAC can control an Alien  computer, fine.  This is a fun movie with good action, and a happy ending,  and some of the best &quot;One-liners&quot; to come out of Hollywood since  Aliens.  Sit back, grab a drink and some popcorn, and enjoy your evening.   I know I will.
B00000JCOV|5.0|My stereo probably hates me now, considering I never turn it off. I listen to Slipknot for a hours at a time on repeat. Although everybody's favorite(and why not?), Wait and Bleed has to be my favorite song as well.  Corey's amazing ability to switch from singing to screaming to singing  again is undeniably awesome. The rhythms of (SIC) just blow you away as you  are drawn into the music. The painful voice of 'Diluted' fits the lyrics  perfectly. This album is incredible. If you aren't offended by swearing and  are looking for something with an awesome rhythm, Slipknot is what you're  looking for!
0790729628|2.0|I just bought the Director's cut version on DVD and am extremely disappointed in it! The ending, which was one of my favorite scenes was eliminated, along with other pieces which changed the flavor for the worse.
0425170349|5.0|I first discovered Rainbow Six by playing through the video game, which is quite good. But, even someone who hardly reads would enjoy this book. The way Clancy intertwines the stories of the charecters and the way they come  together in the end is amazing: 5 stars P.S My name really is John Clark
0767819446|4.0|Where do you define real? Can you create a soul out of electronic circuits? Are virtual people still people? *The Thirteenth Floor* seeks to ask these questions, and provides vague answers.<br />I'd heard lots of bad  reviews of this movie, but when I finally saw it, I didn't see why.<br />This  is actually a good, interesting movie. It takes themes from *eXistenZ* (the  fine line between what is real and what is not) and *The Matrix* (what if  you discovered your world wasn't real?), mixes them, adds in a murder  mystery and a love story more convincing than the one in *The Matrix*, and  then tones down the special effects. If you pay attention, you may figure  out much of this movie way ahead of time, as there are clues planted  everywhere, but it's still fun to watch. The 1937 world is entertaining  because of its authenticity.<br />The trailer paints this movie as being more  suspenseful/action-packed than it really is. It may not be super  suspenseful, but it's entertaining, thought-provoking, and worth your time.
B000007177|5.0|The reviewer (Matthew) from Chicago is right -- disc one of this is the single greatest prog work TULL ever did. Too bad he scrapped this for Passion Play (which is good record in its own right -- but the stuff on  disc 1 of this collection is sheer mastery, and with much cooler  production). Disc two is a compilation of tracks from 1974-1990. If I were  to compare these tracks to similar years represented on the 25th  Anniversary disc, I'd give the nod to most of the selections on Nightcap.  Not bad for &quot;a batch of warty rejects,&quot; as Ian Anderson, himself,  has called them.<br />Buy it for disc 1 alone -- you'll be amazed. And disc  two is one heckuva bonus.... Turn on to TULL!
0805047905|4.0|I have a love-hate relationship with this book.  I love it because my son loves it.  He is two and a half.  He has loved it for a year--really loved it.  Every time we go to the library he makes a bee-line for it.  We sit  and read it.  More often than not we will attract other toddlers who will  surround us and recite the text along with us.  It casts some sort of spell  on small children, I think.  I do not own this book, however, because I  HATE it.  It is so repetitive that I wince as I read it.  In fact, one does  not read it so much as one chants it.  The brown bear mantra.  My son has  the entire text memorized.  We'll be in the grocery store or in the car and  he'll start reciting it.  Or I'll chant part of it and he'll chant the  rest.  Or we'll ad lib, inventing new animals with new colors:  &quot;Grey  Mouse, Grey Mouse, What do you see?&quot;  I guess I don't really HATE this  book; it's hard to hate something that gives you so much pleasure.  But I'm  not ready to own it yet.  That said, I can't wait for my brother to have a  child.  He sent my son a noisy Thomas the Tank Engine book for Christmas.  It beeped and whistled and hooted and basically drove me out of my mind.  I  intend to pay him back with &quot;Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You  See&quot;.
B0000025YL|3.0|Coming from the perspective of one who has gotten into 80s metal via 90s metal (by which I do mean metal: Nevermore, Blind Guardian, My Dying Bride, etc., etc.), Accept's &quot;Restless and Wild&quot; was nothing special,  even for its time.  Although recorded in 1982 it retains vestiges of the  classic rock/party rock sound of the 1970s that clings to many metal  releases of the early 1980s.  Whereas Ozzy Osbourne's &quot;Blizzard of  Ozz&quot; and any of Iron Maiden's first few albums can be considered truly  classic, original metal, Accept seems to have followed behind.<br />The vocals  here are rough, not like the soaring, clean vocals in the Bruce  Dickinson/Geoff Tate tradition that would come to dominate metal.  Many of  the riffs are simple and blues-oriented.  An attempt at incorporating  classical elements can, however, be heard in the final track,  &quot;Princess of the Dawn.&quot;  This would seem to anticipate Accept's  future direction (such as in &quot;Metal Heart&quot;).<br />While there are  some solid songs here, and the album doubtlessly was well received when it  was released (due to the dearth of quality metal at the time), it is not  absolutely essential for today's melodic/power metal fan, except insofar as  it has historical interest.
B00004NRWH|5.0|Before I ever bought this cd, I was listening to my radio and heard &quot;Leader of Men&quot; come across it and that one song got my hooked.  Let me tell you, this is one of the BEST upcoming rock bands in 2000 and I  have a feeling they are gonna be very big.  Unlike most bands that are  coming out, they dont just scream into the microphone(Static X comes to  mind), and they arent a pathetic comedy routine such as Blink 182(ugh).   They are just a kick a$$ alternative/metal/rock band!  If you do not know  if you want to purchase the cd, listen to &quot;Breathe&quot; or pretty  much any other song u can listen to.  Oh, and THIS IS A MUST BUY for you  Nirvana fans out there!
B00000I9P0|5.0|Favorite title is Angel in the City.<br />One of those great 80's music soundtracks like the Beverly Hills 1 and 2 soundtracks.<br />Too bad they dont make things like this anymore !
B00004SCS1|5.0|In today's culture full of boy bands and music with no purpose or depth, system fo a down delivers an enjoyable CD that makes u think about things and how they exist. System of a down does a great job when it comes to  being creative through their mad skills with insturments and their superb  lyrics. I don't see this band fitting in the boring norm of today but  rather standing out as a unique blend of good music. I would reccomend this  CD to people who arent scared to think when they listen to music.
B0000024K1|5.0|There is absolutely no way that anyone who claims to have ANY interest in rap can't not have this album.  Chuck D's raps are poetic and political, Flava Flav provides ample back-up services, and Terminator X proves through  his samples that his DJ-ing skills are second to none.  In terms of  influence Public Enemy, and this album, are as far reaching as American  cutlure.  Absolutely required in every collection on earth.
B00004THAY|5.0|I enjoyed every song on this CD. What is more suprising is that along with Eric Clapton and B.B. King, there are other top-notch, world-class, world-renowned musicians on this CD (Steve Gadd on Drums, Nathan East on  Bass, Joe Sample on keyboards and Rhodes, Jimmie Vaughn on guitars). The  two musicians are evenly profiled and their distinct sounds are showcased.  The two musicians played this CD in complete harmony where on other big  name collaborations, you sense that one musician is tryting to outdo the  other one. Buy this CD if you are a blues fan.
B000002HGD|5.0|. .<br />Ok. Get this album and read the liner notes. <br />If this album was just a loop of pop corn popping, what he writes in the liner notes says more than 90 percent of the music out today. <br />The fact that this album  contains some of the best techno and neo-classical music you will ever hear  is musical equivelant of winning the lottery and Publishers Clearing House  Sweepstakes in the same day. That Moby, he's got brains and beats!<br />If you  like classical music but want something more 1990's rather than 1890's  heres your chance. If you love the beety-beat-beat of techno but wished the  DJs had more of a voice and said something worth while, heres your chance.  If you like PLAY by Moby and want to learn more about his sound HERE IS  YOUR CHANCE!<br />If someone were burning all the records in the world and I  could only save 10, this would be one of the 10 I would choose to save.  <br />ITS THAT GOOD!
B00003CX95|5.0|I am not a Lethal Weapon fan, but this great film caught me by surprise that it is directed by Mel Gibson. One of the 10th best of the last decade in my opinion. It's such a great movie that I decided to buy it and keep it  as part of my collection. Can't wait to see it on my 61&quot; Sony. A must  buy for any movie fan.
B00000J6AG|4.0|Ok. This new album didnt touch me like EVERYTHING IS WRONG did, but it is 5 times greater than GO or ANIMAL RIGHTS. <br />Someone in one of the (over 300) reviews of this album said that Moby was ripping off the Gospel  community with the samples on this record. Let me explain that Mr Moby is a  Christian so if he samples a gospel album to get his message out, the  gospel community should be thankful. Nuff said. <br />Moby is the Utne Reader  of the Techno Beat Underground... He has a mind and he's not afraid to use  it. The tracks on here at first sound clumsy and akward but after repeat  listens they get comfortable and more embraceable. I give Moby credit for  being courageous enough to come out, as Christian, and Vegan and Bisexual.  I can totally dig someone who walks the talk and stands up for their  beliefs. 3 cheers for the little idiot. Hip hop hooray! Hip hop Hooray! Hip  hop Hooray!<br />This album is worth your moolah simply for the liner notes.  The block rockin beats are the frosting on the cake...
6303985467|1.0|This is one of the worst quality videos I have ever seen.  The image is so  awful I felt like I was watching a bootleg tape of this classic motion  picture.  The sound is also terrible.  I own the Criterion DVD and  comparing this version of the film to that one is like comparing the Mona  Lisa to road kill.  Do yourself a favor and go buy a DVD player just to be  able to watch the Criterion version!!!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|My big regret is that I waited to buy this AMAZING Cd for so long...I was spell bound by Fiona Apple when she put out Tidal. I was so Happy when she called the Record Industry on the carpet at the music awards and told  everyone what she really thought of the fakeness and faux cool people in  that world. I ate up interview after interview with fiona. She was just the  Cats Meow times a million and two...<br />Then the new album came out and it  got some really sketchy reviews. Most people kinda shruged her off as that  'Angry' 'Sad' 'Ungreatful' girl who shed her knickers in the CRIMINAL video  (something Fiona sez she regrets now..). <br />Anyway, I believed the bad  reviews and just didn't buy it...then the other day at my pals house she  was playing this album and i was blown away. <br />So much in fact that I ran  right out and bought it. I have been listening to this album for the past  week and I have yet to get bored or think its anything less than  Heaven.<br />I really think that Fiona has grown more, maybe listened to more  'Rubber Soul'/'Sgt Peppers' era Beatles...Note the horns, and the style of  the arrangements.<br />Songs like &quot;PAPER BAG&quot; (...I thought he was a  man but he's just a little boy...), &quot;LIMP&quot; (...and when i think  of it my fingers turn to fists...), and 'A MISTAKE' (...I ran where they  told me not to run, but I sure had fun...) just beg to be turned into a  sing along.<br />The single &quot;FAST AS YOU CAN&quot; is as sharp and honest  as an Anne Sexton poem. When Fiona sings &quot;...my pretty mouth will  frame the phrases that will disprove your faith in man..&quot; you dont  doubt her...<br />My current favorite song on this one is &quot;love  ridden&quot;. Fiona sings '...I want your warm, but it will only make me  colder when its over...'. It's so beautiful I could cry...<br />If you dug  Tidal you should thumb your nose to the music journalists who said this was  'just ok' and get this amazing work of poetic genius.
6303985467|1.0|This is one of the worst quality videos I have ever seen.  The image is so awful I felt like I was watching a bootleg tape of this classic motion picture.  The sound is also terrible.  I own the Criterion DVD and  comparing this version of the film to that one is like comparing the Mona  Lisa to road kill.  Do yourself a favor and go buy a DVD player just to be  able to watch the Criterion version!
0783243499|3.0|I lump this movie in with others so weird and twisted(Natural Born Killers, Fight Club, Seven), that I can't bring myself to say I loved, but was worth seeing. Mary Harron (director, co-writer) did a good job of  making Ellis' book watchable, and the subtle pokes at the 80's Wall Street  mentality were funny. Bale was great(he usually is) playing the darkest  character he's ever tackled. The three-way scene which was cut for US  audiences is actually very funny in a oh-my-is he-really-doing this? kind  of way. Then, people die.  The ending seemed non-eventful, but that stems  from the book. Although several plot points are dropped from the transition  from book-to-film, the basic story structure remains the same. The climax  toyed with our expectations of the bad guy being punished at the end.  (would they catch him? what happened to the carnage he created?) Patrick  was the most poorly behaved character in the cast, but perhaps the point of  the movie was that they (the 80's) were an evil time, and Bale's character  was simply doing what everyone else was afraid to. If graphic violence and  sexual behavior gross you out, then avoid this movie. If they don't, watch  this movie, and look beyond it's graphic nature, and enjoy it for the  social satire. The book is rife with misogynistic scenes; the screenplay  written by two women shows that the real fools of the story are the men,  greedy in their newfound wealth and expensive suits. They're merely   insecure boys with big toys. I still feel that this story could've been  told differently;  the film as it is is a good one. I'd take this over the  latest Freddie Prinze movie anyday.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Very, very underrated, this young woman combines elements of jazz, rock and r&amp;b to create a fusion of sounds all her own.  Her beautifully deep voice complements her adroit piano play, and her lyrics (she writes the  music and lyrics herself) are simply wonderful.  Do check out this album,  and indulge yourself in beautiful, powerful and compelling music.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This C.D was higher than my expectations. In my opinion this album contains Iron Maiden's best line-up to date. With Steve Harris hammering away at the bass, Janick,Dave and on the guitar, Nicko on drums and  &quot;The Master&quot; Bruce Dickinson singing like he was 24 again makes  this album near perfect .    The highlights are &quot;Out of the silent  planet&quot;,&quot;Brave New World&quot;,&quot;The Wicker Man&quot; and  &quot;The Thin Line Between Love and Hate&quot;. The chorus's are  uplifting, unlike the majority of previous Maiden albums. Although I've  been a fan of Maiden for a mere 2 or 3 years, I own nearly all of their  albums and I'm only 13 years old.     This is Maiden's best album in my  opinion. Five and a half stars.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is a hell of a cd. There are so many good songs on it, it is a cd I listen to over and over again. They prove that they are not only rebels, they are also skilled musiscians. Some of the best songs are &quot;Sleep  Now in the Fire,&quot; &quot;Calm Like a Bomb,&quot; &quot;Voice of the  Voiceless,&quot; which calls for the freedom of Mumia Abu-Jamal, and,  &quot;Born of a Broken Man.&quot; This is definately a well-rounded cd.
6304479697|4.0|It wasn't exactly the &quot;Tiger Man&quot; of Burbank from June, '68, it was a Show Business Titan firmly re-established in a new arena - Las Vegas. (The massive cross-country tours would come later). Here he gears up for  his second Vegas engagement. The rehearsal scenes reveal a very serious  artist; the actual live performance scenes show that this diligence paid  off, notably on MOR material like &quot;I've Lost You&quot; and &quot;I  Just Can't Help Believing&quot;. Unfortunately, there is alot of time spent  away from Elvis: too many interviews and shots of surrounding activities.  For example, an E.P. impersonator is shown doing &quot;Tiger Man&quot;,  THEN the man himself doing an outstanding version of the tune. Here we have  a repeat of the wrongheaded approach found in his features - editing which  seems almost by design to lessen his impact. Overall, this documentary  should be seen by all Presley fans.
6305718954|1.0|Even though the Catholic Church is evil, this movie over did it.  It made no sense, the ending fell apart, and it sweats the Exorcist(if you haven't seen that, see it).  In the words of Jay Sherman the Critic, &quot;It  Stinks!&quot;
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is such a great band and they show it on this album.  Maynard's voice has got to be one of the most magnificent sounds ever heard by man.  It draws you in.  Tool got me hooked on music.  It makes you feel the music  and not just hear it.  No one's life is complete without listening to tool!   The clips from Bill Hicks on the last track are great.  Everything about  this album is great!  If I could only have one CD it would definitely be  Aenima by Tool.
B000002UDD|4.0|Coming hot off the Peace Sells album, Megadeth try out to being in a new feel to their sound. They have had tremendous success and with a multi year contract under their belt, they were stomping new ground, producing a  different sounding album altogether.<br />Though the lyrics of this album is  top notch, the sound leaves something to be admired. It's not the music  that was faulty, but the fact that the production on the album was  mediocre, truly killing the music and giving it a punkish feel to it. To  top things off, Mustaine was going through the roughest time of his life  during the recording of this album, with his struggle with substance abuse,  but he truly does come through. Their later album Rust in Peace, showed  what better production and mellowed Mustaine can have an impact on the  music quality.<br />This album is good with a number of memorable songs.  Anarchy, which they still use it as an encore in most of their concerts. In  My Darkest Hour, which was reminisced in their new album RISK in the song  I'll be There. Mary Jane, which has got to be one of the most touching  story-telling lyric wise song of their career then. They would go on to  produce other greats in Rust in Peace.<br />This album is recommended for the  hardcore Megadeth fan or a person that has started listening and would like  to explore the band's history. It's not a great jumpstart album as the band  surely does not display the prowess they show in Peace Sells and the albums  that follow this one.
0783235607|5.0|Ever since I saw a special about hi  on AMC I've been an Alfred Hitchcock fan. I just recently seen Psyco and it was a great horror movie even for the 1960s. I recognized that many scenes fromPsyco were spoofed in such  shows as Family Guy, The PJs and The Simpsons. I'd recommend this movie to  Hitchcock fans and people who like classic horror films, but if you are  looking for nudity then buy the remake.
B000002AD0|5.0|Six months before recording their great debut album and 21 years before his recent world wide sucess, Carlos Santana, Gregg Rolie and band played their hearts out for four nights at the Filmore West in December of  1968.<br />This album is not only a great Santana album but one of the great  live albums of the 60's.  I often agree with the Amazon staff but their  review here is way off.  This CD contains 9 songs four of which would show  up on the debut album and 5 were unreleased until now.<br />My favorite song  on the CD is the totaly different version of &quot;Treat&quot; here than on  the debut album.  Gregg Rolie's piano introduction is great.  It is easy to  forget how magical Carlos Santana and Rolie were togeather.  Of the  unreleased songs &quot;Conquistadore Rides Again&quot; is a highpoint.   Great version of &quot;Persuasion&quot; too.<br />Amazing sound for a 60's  recording but Columbia Legacy always seems to do a great job.  Forget the  various live albums by The Doors, The Byrds, Joplin and the Airplane.  This  one ranks with Dylan live at The Royal Albert Hall, Hendrix and Redding at  Monterey and the Stones at Madison Square Garden.  That it was unreleased  Until 1997 is all the more remarkable because most unreleased rock albums  should stay that way. Enjoy!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|If you are looking for some of the best music A-HA has done, look no further.  Their other albums had some really good songs on it, such as their Scoundrel Days album with Cry Wolf, but this album takes their  talents and runs wild.  This is a great album.  After rumors of the band  breaking up and some solo work going out, with Morten Harket soloing and  Pal Waaktaar joining a group called Savoy, it looked grim, now we have  this, one of the greats...
B00003CX8J|5.0|This movie will pave the way for all sorts of comic book based movies in the coming years
0788821075|5.0|This was the best of the best. I love julia roberts in almost everything she has made but by far this has been her best movie yet. Like afairy tale come true. I think we would all like to think life could turn out this way  for us. Great movie go Julia.
B000000Y2R|5.0|Well if you don't have this album, you oughta bite your tounge.  Where do I begin?  This album provides you with everything. I mean, you got your Bird and Diz right there.  They are two of the most important horn players  in Bebop developement.  Then you got Max Roach.  This kid was hot as can  be.  He put so many new cards on the table with his innovative style.  The  incredible Bud Powell: That's all I have to say.  He glides like no one  else.  And Mingus, my personal favorite Jazz musician. He changed  everything.  Such a great line-up of tunes, and you really get into the  environment with the audience in the background and Bird and Diz  introducing the tunes.  Night in Tunisia- A classic.  Salt Peanuts- another  classic.  Diz's trumpet solo on Perdido is incredible.  I didn't even know  a trumpet could do some of the things it does on that song.  WOW!  Pick it  up if you don't have it. And if you do?  Well by it again.
B00000JXVK|5.0|Excellent racing coverage of 70's motorcycle racing from track to desert to trials. Fun movie for kids of all ages, especially if you have ever competed in motorcycle events. The music is timeless.
B000002AH7|4.0|This album stands alone.  It is very bizarre, but very likeable.  If your looking for mood music, I cant make a better suggestions than 'Sketches.'  But be forewarned, listener- do not expect any hot jazz, or anyhting up  beat and danceable out of this album.  It is strictly for listening.  it is  a bunch od sketches for the ears.
B00000JXVK|5.0|Excellent racing coverage of 70's motorcycle racing from track to desert to trials. Fun movie for kids of all ages, especially if you have ever competed in motorcycle events. The music is timeless.
B000002ADT|4.0|It's a classic, and you should have it If you are breathing.  It's a great album, it'll really make you relax and be cool.  Don't overplay it, though.
B00000JT9E|5.0|A must have for any metal fan. No one delivers as much energy in a concert as slayer does. This video is proof of that.
B0000047CX|3.0|Joao is really great, but please don't get in the habit of listening to Stan Getz.  his style is like a machine.  He just pumps out notes in a very well schooled well, but he has NO SOUL.  The guitar on this album is  noteworthy, but you can get better albums with out the presense of GETZ.
B00004STPT|4.0|This soundtrack goes along pretty much the same lines as Zimmer's &quot;The Rock&quot; soundtrack (I actually mistook this for it, when a friend in the office was playing the CD). It is professionally composed and  arranged - indeed, Hans has done his homework in music theory - but I still  feel both this and The Rock soundtracks lack character. The chords and  rhythms are all very contemporary and not very inspired.<br />If you like  boombastic and epical orchestral music, this is a good buy. In this  context, I could also recommend Conan the Barbarian soundtrack, composed by  Basil Poledouris. I find it more inspiring than this one.
B00000IL26|5.0|Lee Morgan is the most underestimated trumpet player in Jazz history.  His style is so big.  You oughta buy this album.  It'll make you snap your fingers.
B000024ASD|5.0|You gotta like this album. Futuristic samples and whiz guitar work by Tony James (Generation X w/Billy Idol) is incredible. Still have the LP and posters from the concert. Pick it up before it's gone.
B000000OQF|5.0|Possibly no other band has thrown away more in their career than Guns N' Roses.  What's in Axl Rose's head that makes him act the way he does?  I don't think rock fans will ever know.  What we do know is that APPETITE FOR  DESTRUCTION still remains a classic today.  Along with Nirvana's NEVERMIND,  it's one of the two most important and powerful rock albums of the last  fifteen years, and that includes everything Metallica has done during this  period as well.  Some of the hair-metal of the 80's was agressive and  catchy, but this kicks all of that right in the face.  The attitude on  &quot;Welcome To The Jungle,&quot; &quot;Out Ta Get Me,&quot; &quot;It's So  Easy,&quot; and &quot;Nightrain&quot; is honest, addictive, and makes me  want to drive fast or punch in walls when I hear it again and again.   &quot;Paradise City&quot; is a party anthem that everyone knows by heart,  but it's not even one of the best songs here in my opinion.  Along with the  agression and testosterone, Axl and the band also show the lighter and more  mature side that made so many of the USE YOUR ILLUSION songs so memorable.   &quot;My Michelle&quot; and &quot;Think About You&quot; add some love and  feeling to this mostly brutal batch of tracks, while &quot;Sweet Child O'  Mine&quot; displayed this band's ability to write touching songs with  rhythms and lyrics similar to those heard today by the Goo Goo Dolls.   Overall, this classic has everything someone could want in a rock record:  agressiveness, honesty, versatility, and memorable words and melodies.   It's too bad Guns threw their success away about six or seven years ago,  but no matter what happens, they'll always be remembered and appreciated  for the quality music they did produce.
B000024ASD|5.0|You gotta like this album. Futuristic samples and whiz guitar work by Tony James (Generation X w/Billy Idol) is incredible. Still have the LP and posters from the concert. Pick it up before it's gone.
B00001NFCY|1.0|ok guys come on! dissing pearl jam then copying their seattle grunge sound is pathetic.dont get me wrong ..the first cd..my own prison was pretty awesome..it was a regular at parties i went to..i actually own it..the day  the 2nd one came out i rushed to buy it..it didnt take me long to realize  it was nothing like the first cd..no dark tunes that made the first one  good..nothing close  to bein great..the next day i sold it to a friend for  8 bucks..i had to get rid of it....then i hear it has sold lots of copies  and people love it...songs like higher and what if? have choruses repeated  100 times! how can anyone take that? i mean i heard what if on scream 3 nad  at first i was like hey this is a cool song! then he reapeats what if? like  100 million times and then i was like nevermind i hate it! same for  higher..its an ok song..but overreapeated chorus is so boring...with arms  wide open is so boring......all the other songs are fillers....their first  cd showed promise but this one doesnt at all! the drummer dissed pearl jam  and their amazing singer eddie vedder by saying  he couldnt write as good  as they could ! that is pathetic to diss a band that they copy! pearl jam  has never dissed a band and eddie vedder's lyrics are a million times  better than creed's! come on ....what if what if what if what if what if  what if......it goes on and on ...and he thinks this kind of mess is better  than pearl jam who has some of the best lyrics ever written! listen to this  and then buy ten or vs of pearl jam and then decide whos better!
B000001IQH|5.0|This cd was introduced to me by my boyfriend, and after hearing it for a week straight in his car, it grew on me.  The band has good lyrics, wonderful muscianship, and a cd that is necessary for any music fan's  collection.  Songs that really stand out are Time Bomb (heard on MTV),  Olympia WA, Ruby Soho, Daily City Train, and Journey to the End of East  Bay. Buy it!  you wont be dissapointed
B00004TL21|5.0|When I first heard the latest from Chino and the gang, I have to admit, it was completely not what I expected.  Which is more than cool, because it's probably this group's best release to date.  What's so different about it  compared to Deftone's previous releases?  Well, pretty much that they have  almost completely ditched the screaming aggro sound, and gone to a more  diverse mood of expression.  Which was a nessessary change, since the music  market is littered with the aggression style of rock music right now.  Aside from making the changes to probably sale a few more albums, 'White  Pony' more than displays this band's growing talent, along with a diversity  that many rock bands today seriously lack.  Especially in the trans  inducing melodies like 'Digital Bath', naming just one of the songs that  sticks out on the album. Another highlight of the record is 'Passenger,'  which more than uses the awesome vocals of guest singer Maynard James  Keenan of 'Tool' and 'A Perfect Circle'. When it boils down to it, 'White  Pony' is something fresh and new from the Deftones, and it rocks out far  more than their previous albums could ever dream.  If you're totally stuck  on the Slipknot-esque aggression style that's dominating the underground  scene right now, don't even think about picking this album up. On the other  hand, if you're open to something a little different than the norm, this  one's a must buy.
B00004TL21|5.0|I listen to music everyday, whether it comes on MTV, the radio, or even live, at concerts, and take my advice, this band shows big improvement from its previous albums and seems as if new life charged the band through the  new waves of vibrant yet, exotic music being exposed to the World every day  and this album can be considered one of the Deftones very finest. The song  that pursueded my purchase was of course, Change (in the house of flies),  but later I discovered more heavier, masterfully written songs such as  &quot;Elite&quot; and &quot;Street Carp&quot;, the combination of these  three songs makes this album a better purchase along with its other  features.
B000002OHX|5.0|This album is on my &quot;must have&quot; list.  Wishbone Ash is one of the rare bands that (to me) sounded even better live than in the studio. Their songs are melodic and their performance is powerful. They wrote the  book on harmony guitar leads.
B000003TAR|5.0|Nirvana is the best band and this is their best cd.It is better than nevermind.all of the songs are great but pennyroyal tea is the best one.
B00004STPT|5.0|It's nice that period movies are still made, because it gives oft over looked classical composers jobs instead of farming the music out to obnoxious (noxious) present day pop music bands. It is also nice that such  music would be completely out of place in a film like Gladiator, which is  Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard come in. Both composers, along with Klaus  Badelt and Djivan Gasparyan have produced a sonic epic that accompanies and  compliments Scott's film wonderfully. When I first saw Gladiator I was very  impressed with the music, but always wonder how it will sound on its own.  Unlike Basil Poledouris' score for Starship Troopers, which works great in  the film, it falls completely flat on its own. The Gladiator Soundtrack  does not.<br /> While I highly doubt Ridley Scott is a fan of Xena, I  suspect Lisa Gerrard has at least a passing knowledge of Joseph LoDuca's  work scoring the series, because some of Gladiator's pieces share much with  his work. However, where the music really shines is Zimmer's powerful and  resonant recreation of Holst's Mars for tracks 3 and 10, `The Battle' and  `Strength and Honor', which were used for the beginning battle against the  Germanic tribes and later in the gladiator blood sports. While Holst's  original Mars is potent, Zimmer's is more forceful, evocative of the power  of the Roman Empire and her legions and of Maximus himself. This music  could have easily been used for some great science fiction epic with  massive capital ships squaring off against one and other in the vastness of  space. Mars becomes less of a march than dirge like battle music.<br />  Gerrard's pieces are more quiet and less energetic, but no less important.  Hers are the more somber and introspective pieces like the portentous `The  Wheat' (track 2), that is used both at the beginning to foretell of  Maximus' eventual demise, and at the end of the film at he is solemnly  carried out of the arena by fellow gladiators. Her pieces are more like  soliloquies spoken with instruments and carry the listener into focusing on  Maximus, his importance, and his achievements, both as a general and as a  gladiator.<br /> I like this soundtrack for a number of reasons. It's  never boring, because it is so variable between the various tracks that the  listener's ear never gets tired. It adds verve and emotion to the film,  accentuating the key scenes in which the music is showcased extremely well.  Plus I am glad that Scott chose less well known composers to score his  film. While composers like John Williams, Gerry Goldsmith, and James Horner  at wonderful at their craft, they do tend to repeat themselves, Goldsmith  and Horner especially. All one has to do is listen to Goldsmith's `Total  Recall' and `The Mummy' soundtracks to see the similarities, especially  during the chase sequences. Same with Horner between, say his score for  `Star Trek II' and `Aliens'.<br /> If you like classical soundtracks,  especially unusual ones like the Xena scores, I highly recommend this. It  works very well at high volumes so that it captures that power of the film.  This is an excellent piece of work, highly musical. and worthy addition to  anyone's soundtrack collection.
B00003CXFV|5.0|I went into this movie thinking it was going to be just another &quot;chick flick.&quot; (Not that there's anything wrong with that, mind you...) I found myself pleasantly surprised. This movie was funny in the  way that I like: understated and without drawing attention to the comedy.  Julia Roberts was fun to watch.
1878574590|5.0|If you read 'comic books' then Sin City is a must.  It is a cut above the average comic book in art and story-telling.  You owe yourself to check it out.  Please don't let the black and white turn you off, it adds to the  mood of the story.<br />If you don't read 'comic books' you should still read  Sin City.  It is an adult natured book and if you are a fan of film noir it  is a great example of that genre.  Get this book, read it, and you will be  amazed.
B00003CX5A|5.0|It's been a long time since Tim Burton has actually directed a film that was successful, with disasterous hits like Mars Attacks! and Ed Wood, I was suprised that Paramount would let him make a production with such a huge  budget. Sleepy Hollow is an extremely well made film, the set pieces are  hauntingly beautiful, good special effects, a film score by Danny Elfman,  and a long list of first rate actors. It's one of those movies that takes  you on an adventure(something that I havent experienced in a while, going  to the movies)This is a very uncommon film; Extremely inventive, a work of  art, and also has a good story. Johnny Depp plays a variation on Ichabod  Crane, Christina Ricci plays young Katrina Van Tassel, along with  Christopher Walken, Christopher Lee, Miranda Richardson, Ian McDiarmid, and  Casper Van Dein. It has splashes of violence, dark humour, gore, drama, and  suspence. What more can you ask in a film? Buy this movie and you wont be  dissapointed. It's rated R for gore and a scene of sexuality, but nothing  that should frighten the kids, I personally think it should have received a  PG-13 rating due to the absence of profanity, nudity, or drug content.  Besides it is a classic novel by Irving Washington this is an American Folk  Tale that I think shouldn't of been taped with an R rating (such a harsh  rating for a movie based on a fairy tale). It is rated PG-14 in canada  though so dont let your teenagers miss out on this one.
B000002UAO|5.0|This is the best rock recording ever made in my opinion.<br />Everything is perfect here.  The music, the lyrics... everything... it all came together here and set the standard for rock and pop groups to follow. However,  nobody has matched its beauty and influence.  Not even the Beatles  themselves (even though they have come close.) I could listen to this album  repeatedly and still be moved by it.<br />I discovered Rubber Soul when I was  16 years old and it changed my life. From there on out, I looked at music  in a totally different light.  I saw it as something to be listened to and  understood, rather than as a diversion that was played in the background.   <br />If you are discovering this album for the first time, I envy you.  I  hope it moves you like it did me.
0767802659|4.0|Starship Troopers with its graphic violence, beautiful actors, is a satire on fascism. Paul Verohoeven is a creative director, not since Robocop has the director mixed black comedy, graphic violence, and his personal views on our society and yet he made another extremely entertaining movie. I will admit this isn't an A+ on believability, but it is still very entertaining. Rated R for graphic violence, gore, nudity, sexual content, and some language.
B00000J7JO|4.0|Wow...after the stint w/Dave Navarro, I though the Chilis had fallen off the map into middle-age...as this album deftly proves, this is not the case at all...they were just missing their fourth component of perfection.  This  is a return to BloodSugar, but only in that the music itself binds together  like the bonds that have kept this band together.  These songs are new and  fresh, and the guitar and bass work in perfect unison.  Chad is there in  all his subtle glory, and Anthony still remains youthful and vigorous.  Flea remains as the symbol of soul of groove incarnate, and I eagerly  anticipate the continued maturation to come.  This album has some of the  best guitar work of the 1990's...(side note: Dave Navarro is both  astounding and influential in his own right, but check my Jane's reviews to  get into that!)
B00000IAU3|4.0|I first got this CD cuz i loved &quot;Here With Me&quot; from the Roswell theme song, but all of the songs on this CD are so beautiful that it will never leave your tape deck!  She's kinda like Jewel meets The Corrs, and  her words and music are just as magical.  I've had friends who listen to  rap go out and buy this CD, that tells you how powerful it is...
B000002LEE|5.0|From the opening words of this album, any listener knows that he/she is in for something out of the ordinary...and that is just what this band is...Eric Avery, Perry, Stephen Perkins and Dave Navarro were here  redefining the idea of what rock can do...possibly the greatest band of the  80's were not afraid of anything upon releasing this CD, which not only  offers quality lyrics, rythm and guitar work, but a unifying artistic  moment of expression that has made an indellible impression upon me over  and over again with each listen.  No musical collection is complete without  it, and I do believe it to be a more cohesive album than Ritual, although  songs 6,7 off that album may be the two overall best.
B00000DATR|5.0|This album divided hardcore Mike Oldfield fans right down the middle: Many older fans couldn't quite handle the updated techno influence, while younger fans like myself heralded this album as a brilliant synergy of  modern electronica and great instrumental genius.  The eclectic mix of  styles ranges from four-on-the-floor dance beats to etheral vocal passages  to gentle new age tracks to hard rock, and yet the album still manages to  remain tightly cohesive throughout.   In addition, anyone unfamiliar with  Oldfield should buy this album.  It's a great starting point, especially  for younger fans who will appreciate the modern sound.  It's a shame this  album was never released in the US; it could have cleaned up. Oldfield has  managed to take modern techniques and turn them into musical art, something  he has done through almost all of his brilliant career.
B000002MTR|4.0|Dave Navarro rules...don't get me wrong, he is one of the most exciting guitarists of the last 15 years...this album also rules and for any other band, this album would be a tremendous feat...however, the fact remains  that this album is bookmarked between Californication and BSSM, both  landmark albums of superhuman proportions...this album is slightly darker  and more rockin', as opposed to Frusciante's style, which I would  characterize as more minimalist and funk-based.  Nonetheless, this album  does have some great tunes, most noteably the last one.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I loved this movie when I first saw it. I more recently got it out at a video store here in Palau and couldn't work out why it was so completely flat to watch. I realised then that the Eric Serra soundtrack had been  replaced by a Bill Conti one. Who would do such a stupid thing? <br />It was  terrible and I turned it off. I've ordered this DVD (don't even have a  player yet) but boy, it had better be the Eric Serra version or else it's  going to be an expensive coaster.
B0000028RR|5.0|There are already 220 reviews of this album, but my two cents is that it carried the fusion of hip hop and metal to the general public.  I doubt they will ever be able to recreate the absolute musical and lyrical  perfection on this album.  Their follow up was just as strong musically,  but the form and unity of this album was lost.  The lyrics also got weaker.  For anyone who has not heard this album, every song is great and it  introduced me and many others to impotant political causes.  Tom Morello is  also the most innovative guitarist of the 1990's, and his debut really  knocked me out the first time I heard it.
B000000W6X|5.0|Released in 1995 and timeless in nature, Massive Attacks's second album provides a cool, hypnotic soundtrack for the late 90's. The guys from Bristol have melded an album that grows with repeated listenings and  reveals new sounds and nuances every time it is played. The title song,  with the divine Tracey Thorn on vocals, is jazzy, cool and hypnotic. It is  physical but does not neglect the cerebral. Using vocalists such as  Nicolette and Horace Andy the album weaves it's way into the  subconsciousness and stays with you long after it is off the turntable.  Heat Miser, Three and Karmacoma are three other stand out tracks with the  only jarring inclusion being the live cover of Light My Fire. More mature  than Blue Lines and a perfect transition into Mezzanine. One of the best  albums you will ever here.
B000002LIX|5.0|Please buy this album if you enjoy music that makes you feel like the world isn't so bad after all...that's how I felt when I was an angry 8th grader and I first heard it on the way home from the record store on my  bicycle...I remember feeling like I was riding on the wind, and as I raced  faster and faster I knew this album would change me forever...its beauty  remains to this day, from the front cover to the madness of stop to the  beauty of Three Days, Then She Did (both Dave Navarro's and my favorite  Jane's song) all the way to Classic Girl, which to this day, still makes me  want to turn off all the lights in my house and light 1000 candles...
6305903182|4.0|Scream 3 is the best Scream sequel! It's scary, fun, and entertaining. It wasn't as good as the first one, but it was a 100% more better than Scream 2. Scream 2 was really stupid. Scream 3 It had a perfect ending and the  features are amazing, it's a good movie to the complete  trilogy.
B000002UV1|5.0|This album was the last truly great hoorah for the Chilis of the 80's and of that decade itself (a decade they owned underground), until they decided to crash the 1990's and bookmark that decade with two slower, more patient,  and more realized albums.  This album is pure funk and pure  energy...something to not only bang your head to, but also something that  makes you want to get naked and jump into a pool while ingesting massive  amounts of sugar.
B000002U9E|5.0|I think anyone who loves Kate would agree that this album is brilliant. Its also the most popular album by Kate not even including how many artists are inspired by her and this album. Kate also shows you two sides in this  album which the beginning is the lighter side  and then turns into the  Ninth Wave which is the darker side. With the first track Running up that  Hill is a great intro in Hounds of Love and is one of my favorite tracks  off the album. And from then on its a journey through this world that Kate  takes you. And what a wonderful journey it is. Also Kate really shows her  production skills and writing in this album with Waking the Witch and  Hounds of Love and it just doesnt end there. All in all this is a fantastic  album for anyone starting to be a Kate fan or even a Kate fan.
B000000M4M|5.0|If you have heard any of Dino Jr's newer stuff than this and like it, get this...it is less produced, but the quality of songs is the same.  I consider this, Green, and Where You Been to be J Mascis at his best.  This  is a great album to do physical things to, like mow the lawn or driving  around in the sun.  Very distorted punk sound, and energetic drums...for  any fan of J, this album is a top 5 must.
0440539811|5.0|What this book is not: snooty self-congratulatory exercise in masturbatory obsession over ontology.  This book isn't meant to have the literary gravity of Pynchon and company, though it does evince the same sort of  ontological pluralism one would hopefully get from a reading of the  literary heavyweights in the field.<br />What this book is: an 800-pages-long  trade paperback with a cool image on the cover, written by Robert Shea and  Robert Anton Wilson.  Wilson fancies himself as a guerilla ontologist,  meaning he tells you a story and sneaks his ontological meaning into it,  tweaking your brain while your attention is focused elsewhere.<br />What this  book might be: Metaphysics for the mass of cultural malcontents (like me) -  the literary equivalent of an acid trip, pulling your mind through the  wringer as you are jerked through space and time in multiple viewpoints  (&quot;reality-tunnels&quot;), existing in past, present, and future (is  there such a thing as time?).<br />What this book might also be: incredibly  difficult to read if you're not into it.<br />What this book could do for you:  bore you to tears, maybe even annoy you, particularly if you take yourself  too seriously, have an ego-complex about your particular take on reality,  or are overly wedded to your conceptions of the real.<br />What it could do  for you, 2: The end result, if Wilson succeeds in exposing to you your own  limiting reality-tunnel, is a sort of model-agnosticism - an ability to see  the world AND the reality tunnel without being wedded to either.<br />With  this newfound awareness, one would be able to use various  reality-constructs, as appropriate to any given situation, without  imprisoning oneself within any of them.<br />In essence, Wilson points out  that we all see the world through our own lens, and that we need to  recognize that fact (opinion?) in order to move beyond the limitations of a  singular vantage point.<br />Presumably we'll still have a preferred lens, but  now we'll be able to use more than just that lens, and, knowing that we  have choices in the matter, will use and view that preferred lens  differently (if i could walk a mile in another man's eyes, they'd probably  be really dirty afterwards).<br />And, lest I forget, the book is filled with  sex, drugs, rock and roll, and conspiracies aplenty to always keep you  guessing (and entertained), much like life.<br />Life is hysterically funny.  Laugh a little.  Wilson laughs a lot.s, but  now we'll be able to use more than just that lens, and, knowing that we  have choices in the matter, will use and view that preferred lens  differently (if i could walk a mile in another man's eyes, they'd probably  be really dirty afterwards). <br />And, lest I forget, the book is filled with  sex, drugs, rock and roll, and conspiracies aplenty to always keep you  guessing (and entertained), much like life.  <br />Life is hysterically funny.   Laugh a little.  Wilson laughs a lot.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|This album overall is much better than Evil Empire, but there is still something that has fallen flat for me since their debut.  They certainly have their own sound and are an amazing band for about 10 different  reasons, but my interest in putting on one of their CD's has diminished  over the last 8 years.  This CD is a return to their debut for a few  reasons, the biggest being that the band sounds like they are playing  together as a band, instead of the tensions that were heard throughout Evil  Empire.
B00004TL21|4.0|The new Deftones cd, White Pony is powerful, heavy and deep.  Their sound resembles Tools' and as a matter of fact Maynard James Keenan does some vocals in the song passenger.  Also, their hit song Change is one of the  best new songs this year.  If you like Tool, A Perfect Circle, the Deftones  of old, and/or their new song Change, then you'll love the cd.
B000002LQR|5.0|This album is so good using words to describe it won't do anyone much good.  All I can say is that it came out when I was a freshman in high school, and my expectations of music were forever changed.  So much soul,  so much funk, and so much life are all I can say.  This is the culmination  of so many styles of music perfectly played with the help of Rick Rubin,  who obviously takes the time to really understand the musicians he works  with.  The best out there!
630471193X|5.0|This movie caught me by surprise. I never expected quality acting from John Travolta. Teamed with a top-notch story, Travolta shines in his role as an every-day-man, transformed in to a man with special intelligence,  insight and talents. <br />As Travolta mind grows, the towns-folk minds begin  to narrow. Had the movie been set a few centuries ago, Travolta surely  would have been burned at the stake.<br />Best of all, this movie lends itself  to multiple viewing.
B000002MH5|5.0|This may be the best overall Dino Jr album to date.  Green Mind is a very close second, but this album is a little slower and more developed. Like Green Mind, every song is a quality one, and both the frenzied guitar work  and lyrical charm make it one of my favorite CD's...if you have never heard  this band before and want to try them out, I would most likely recommend  this CD.  If you don't know this band at all and just love guitar (and have  punk/hardcore/indie rock sensibilities), that is reason enough for it...
006016848X|5.0|I've read all the arguments about the author's many failed marriages, but this is a book review and not an author review. Grey does a god job in pointing out the basic differences between men and women and gives us a  good overview of the needs of each. There really are no &quot;weak  spots&quot; and it was interesting reading from beginning to end. Now I  know why I have so much trouble with men, But I still don't understand  them.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Kevin Gage is electrifying - steals every scene he is in! Holds his own with DeNiro!
B000002B2T|5.0|...I just can't.  You'll heard Layne Staley's vocals, and then you'll head Mike McCready's guitar, and you wont know what is going on.  But with Layne and Mike together (and the other two members) you get a religious-god-like  product.  My self, I think Layne has the best voice of the 90s, and  together with Mike McCready's masterful playing, you can't lose.  Now just  because the singer for Alice in Chains and the lead guitarist for Pearl Jam  is in this band, don't go thinking you're gonna have a similar sound...but  that's alright.  If anything, this album has a touch of blues, with a lot  of mellow rock.  The most notable tracks on this album are &quot;X-Ray  Mind&quot;, &quot;River of Deceit&quot;, and &quot;I'm Above&quot;.<br />So,  if you're a fan of either Alice in Chains, or Pearl Jam (which I am), go  get this album...as fast as you can...run to the store and get it.
0805062971|4.0|Like a few of the other reviewers, I did see the movie first. This, of course, made me read much more into the wording of the book than I should have had the right to do. The story itself was well thought out and full of  little bits of satire. A club that revolves around beating eachother to a  pulp survives on it's sale of soap. And what better way for a group of men  raised by the weaker sex to vent frustration than in a no-holds-barred  street fight?  The book also says a bit about society as a whole, and  whether or not being a upper-middle class drone is the most fulfilling way  to live life. Is being able to buy the the most expensive dust ruffle for  your bed really the way to make you a better person? Is Fight Club one step  up or one step down from the evolution process? What's worse, millions of  people spending their lives punching numbers or total anarchy? This is a  great book, a fast read. It definitely makes you think about what's  important.
076790382X|1.0|This was the first, and consequently last, Bryson book I've read. When I purchased, and subsequently returned, this book I was looking for an outsiders perspective on life in America. What I received however, was 280+  pages with analysis as deep as a sidewalk puddle. Bryson laments how he  cannot understand many basic American practices (even though he never  really tries to understand them). He finds it &quot;ridiculous&quot;, for  example, that American bank cards have such long ID/account numbers. After  all, he reasons, his bank doesn't have a billion customers, so why do they  issue ID's with digits in the billions and trillions. Such a mind boggling  question and such deep analysis. Bryson apparently could not figure out  that long digits are necessary to create enough random IDs so that valid  IDs cannot easily be guessed. That pretty much sets the tone for the whole  book. He fumbles on unable to understand even the most basic of American  (or modern day) concepts, all while droning on how much better England is  than America (one reason, he explains, is because the English drink more  beer. Brilliant). Most would argue that this book was meant to be more  humorous than intellectual (it fails on both), but it's obvious that  Bryson's attempt at humor is merely a guise for his disdain at not being  able to figure out America or even life in the 20th century.
B000002KHF|3.0|Old van the man eh? I'd get this just for And it stoned me which is well worth the price of the CD, but I can't help thinking the rest of the record sounds like a movie soundtrack. I wish he didn't write brown eyed girl  because it ruined his artistic stance after it was in that movie with Julia  Roberts. Even when I play Astral weeks some jerk has something to say about  brown eyed girl which is annoying, the blows anyway like my torch as you  can see. Get Astral Weeks for the real thing, don't get burned by my torch  though and watch out!
B00000JXV7|1.0|How anyone can truly enjoy this movie is beyond me.  There is absolutely NO chemistry between Affleck and Bullock.  Bullock comes across as completely fake and unbelievable.  The screenplay is horrendous.  Affleck's  acting leaves much to be desired.  The plot is ridiculous, especially since  the ending of the movie goes completely against the set up of the movie.   Also, are people really so stupid as to stay outside in a hurricane?   They've known it was coming to town for three days!  If you haven't seen  this movie - believe me - you've missed nothing at all.
B000002699|4.0|Jesus told me about this album a few years back and since then I have to say &quot;good tidings&quot; to Miles and co. Chick Corea may have broken a keyboard or two but I'm not sure about that so keep Miles in mind when  dancing off the celing. There are these great points where the drumming  stops and damn! Tony Williams comes back and then the beat goes on until  half way through the 13th minute of &quot;Its about that time&quot; when  that kid bangs the set playing it like it should played nad all that. Jesus  said &quot;Go south and find Miles&quot; so i said, watch out for my flame  there son, bang zam!
0790738147|2.0|Essentially a prime time television cop show, except with period cars and telephones. Lots of shooting and fisticuffs.  The fellow who plays the Irish police captain knows how to act (or perhaps he just has better  dialogue), and I suppose it's better than most contemporary Hollywood  films.  I'd give it two and a half stars if I could.
B000002KAT|5.0|That genius Tony told me that he had an italian meat ball grinder waiting for me and threw in Astral Weeks for an extra buck and let me tell you... Its one of those albums where you can flip your hand into a square and say  &quot;wow mommy!&quot;, Madame George is a drag queen no matter what Jazzy  Van sez, but you should buy it and keep an extra copy in your tuna sub for  later listenings. Well off I go, tell Lucian Forgone that I have his fire  pie and that song Sweet Thing is on heavy rotation at John's deli...take  care
6301763041|5.0|My boyfriend and I just finished watching this movie, and it's still as good as the first time I saw it.  And as for Mr. &quot;I Don't Do Chick Flicks&quot;?  Well, he enjoyed it too.  The final verdict?  Two thumbs up.   The music is well placed, and doesn't turn this film into a cheesy sing  along.  Very funny, and a good movie for all!
630528069X|5.0|This movie has it all.  It's not boring- it keeps you into the movie, but without the ridiculous unrealism we see in so many action movies today.  It set the formula for many action movies we see now.<br />Probably the best  thing about this movie is its realism.  There were only three scenes with  explosions- and they were pretty much necessary to what was going on.  In  other action movies, you see just about everything exploding.  It just gets  stupid and boring.  But Die Hard relied on the plot and the suspense rather  than the special effects.  Another very realistic aspect of this film is  how McClane's (Willis') appearance during and at the end of the movie  reflects what happened to him.  By the end of the movie, his feet are  bloody and blackened with dirt, and he has blood and dirt all over this  upper body.  In some other movies, the hero just seems to be some kind of  superhuman who can withstand any near-death experience and emerge  unscathed. <br />Another thing I liked about this film is how it avoids  stereotyping.  The villain, Hans Gruber (Rickman) is just a &quot;common  thief&quot; (as they call him in the movie).  He was not politically  motivated to do what he did.  Therefore, the fact that he is German in the  movie should not be offensive or stereotypical. <br />The only, and I mean  only, fault I can find with this movie was the music.  It was boring, dull,  and got on my nerves.  It was not the kind of music that should be used for  and action film.  They should've had Hans Zimmer (the master of action  music- The Rock, Crimson Tide, Broken Arrow, The Peacemaker...) compose the  musical score.  <br />Overall, this movie is for just about anyone.  It has  the exciting action that many people like, but it is not overly unrealistic  or crazy like some other action movies.  See this movie- you will not be  disappointed.
B00004TL21|5.0|this is a great cd its packed with goog music i think it even better than the othere cd they have so get it
6304711891|4.0|The Rock, in most aspects, is like the average action film.  It has the explosions, the gunfights, and a car chase.  However, there are some points to it that differentiate it from other films of the genre. <br />What I liked  about this movie was how the bad guy in the film wasn't really bad.   General Francis Hummell (Harris) is just disgruntled.  He wishes to expose  the injustice that the government had inflicted upon him.  However, he  doesn't choose the right people to help him, nor does the choose the best  method of carrying out his mission.  He never does anything crazy in the  movie.  As Sean Connery's character says in the movie, &quot;He's a  soldier, not a murderer.&quot;  <br />Another thing I like about The Rock is  its realistic portrayal of government.  In some other films, the United  States is made to be some kind of world savior, and almost like a group of  angels and saints coming to anyone's rescue, and always doing what is good  for the people.  But in The Rock, the government is shown how it really is-  deceptive at some times, and not always doing good for the people.  In the  movie, John Mason (Connery) is an ex-SAS agent from Scotland who stole  secrets that the government had been hiding from the public.  He was  caught, and has been held in prison for 30 years without trial.<br />The final  good point of the movie was the incredible musical score by Hans Zimmer,  Harry Gregson-Williams, and Nick Glennie-Smith.  They seem to know how to  do action music very well.    <br />One thing I didn't like about the movie,  however, was the Bay-Bruckheimer syndrome.  It was made into a movie with  unrealistic and unbelievable action sequences.  There were many parts that  could have been done with a little bit more realism.  This would have made  the movie much better.  <br />Another thing I didn't like was how some parts  of the movie remained unexplained and/or unfinished.  For example, they  never finish the story of Mason and his daughter, JadeAngelou.  He is  supposed to go and find her to prove that he exists (the government had  erased all of his identity records), because she is his next of kin. Also,  the fate of the hostages is never shown in the movie.  It wasn't really  that important to show, but it's just interesting that they forgot all  about it.  <br />In short, The Rock is basically what it says on the box  cover: A slam-bang action thriller.  Nothing more.  It gets that fourth  star because of the reasons explained in the second and third paragraphs of  this review.  See this movie if you like nonstop action and don't mind  unrealistic, crazy action sequences.
B000005RHR|5.0|I just want to tell you that there's also a cheaper import version of this album available at amazon.com. It's mistitled &quot;Select Ambient Works&quot;. You can find my public review there. Best regards...
630419949X|4.0|One of Arnold's best! Full of action! Me and my Dad loved it! My Mom and me bought it! ALL kids and adults should see this!
B000002C25|5.0|Ok, here's the deal; I love Oasis and saw the incredibly cool video for &quot;All Around The World&quot; (check out the visual puns like the &quot;wingtips&quot;) Anyway, I didn't want to spend the money on a cd that  was bashed by everybody. So I found it at the library and WOW!  This cd  is incredible. I was listening to it and suddenly remembered &quot;Don't Go  Away&quot; I had forgotten about that song. It's every bit as good as if  not better than &quot;What's The Story(Morning Glory).&quot; Oasis is  really better than everybody thinks and this cd is better than everybody  thinks.
6304509162|5.0|This movie is freaky! I love the Poltergeist series! You want to scream and cheer at the same time! I would give it 20 stars if I could!
B000002B1M|5.0|This lp is excellent though Nas began losing alot of his fans by getting tackmasters to do beats for him instead of Pete Rock and Extra P, plus changing his lyrical content.  In this LP, he tries his hand out at  storytelling more: (I Gave You Power is a preemo produced gem of his  impersonation of a gun), Shootouts is another story, and Affirmative Action  creates a vision that ended up in a pretty decent album about a year later.   He updates Kurtis Blow's If I Ruled The World, with Lauryn singing the  hook, to excellence, showing a thug's positivity, idealism, and vision  that's reminiscent of 2Pac.  The very first lyrics of the album, &quot;Fake  Thug, no love, you get the slug..&quot; are excellent.  As the man gained  some fame, got some food in his mouth and cash in his pocket, of course his  life and his attitudes and his world changes, so the songs are not going to  be that collection of all his rhymes from adolescence and the change  scrounging type of isht that we loved on the first album.  But Nas  definitely came through on this album and its as classic as the first,  maybe works better with the Henny while the first cd was forties and  blunts.  It does get chicks moving during Street Dreams and the bpm count  is probably higher throughout, owed to Trackmasters. By no means is it a  sellout attempt, though.  Artists evolve and try different things and  that's how this music stays fresh.
0345428064|3.0|It is said write about what you know, Andy McNab knows his trade-craft. The story is well plotted and moves quickly. However,the shadow group involving drug cartel,DEA and British Intelligence is poorly defined. The  major flaw in a good novel is the ending, just left me hanging!
6303168507|5.0|After reading the other reviews here it's hard to add anything.  But I would like to say this movie changed the way I saw the holocust.  Because it showed the real face of what was done to a group of people just because  of who they are, and as an african american woman I understand how that can  get out of hand.  I know first hand how easy it is for people to turn on  you for no other reason then for who you are.  This movie is really about  how being apart of the mob can let you justify anything.  It's also about  how some people no matter what they would gain by going along with the mob,  have their limits.  It's about those very few who can see a wrong and not  turn their backs on that wrong.  It's about doing what you know you have to  do, and then finding away to get it done, no matter what the cost.
B00004THAY|5.0|Buying this CD was a no-brainer.  I mean, King AND Clapton?  Two guitar prodigies?  Two great voices?  There are TWO kings on this CD and we are all along for the ride!  I have a theory about these two great artists...  they are twins separated at birth.  One of 'em just has a better tan.  They  just naturally belong together.<br />If you are perusing this at all, you  probably already know who both these artists are, so I'm not going to go  into style or performance.  All I can tell you is, this CD countains more  joyful blues than I've heard in one place in a long time.  If you have to  bust the piggy bank, do it!  Just treat yourself to this album.
0451191153|1.0|If you're sifting through all of these reviews, wondering if this book will inspire you or depress you, the answer is simple. Neither. It will simply bore you. Your interest will not be held enough to be inspired or  depressed. Others have said it best--the characters are unrealistic. Who  could imagine such perfection and beauty? And oh, how boring to be  intelligent, rational, self sufficient. You'd rather read books about  characters that are less than you. You'd rather read about Todd's quivering  loins, shake your head and tsk about Bridget's escapades. And who can blame  you? If you got this review--congratulations. It was wonderful.
6305842442|5.0|I'm constantly amazed by the number of people who claim the 'original' cut of Blade Runner is far superior to the director's cut.  This is uncomprehensible to me. Some basic facts -  <BR>1. H. Ford was so opposed  to the beginning narration that the studio (NOT R. Scott) demanded that he  intentionally flubbed it in monotone.  The studio used it anyway. <BR>2.  The addition of the flashback scene in the director's cut (the unicorn) is  absolutely crucial to understanding the film.  I can't go into any more  detail without giving spoilers, but lets just say that scene is so  important I can't believe the studio cut it out of the original. <BR>3.  I  could go on... but as I've said, the director's cut removes a bad narration  and adds crucial scenes that have immense impact on the overall meaning of  the film.  The original is a good flick.  The Director's Cut is a  masterpiece. <BR><BR> I haven't yet seen this film on dvd, so I can't  comment on the quality.  I can, however, comment on the movie - it's  long... it can be hard to watch if you're not in the right mood... but if  you are, it ranks as one of the best films ever made.
B00003CWPR|4.0|That's what Eyes Wide Shut is. Even though it's a favorite movie of mine I find it hard to watch it. There's a feeling you get that you must see the movie more than once.<br />The story is about Dr Bill (Tom Cruise) and Alice  (Nicole Kidman) and people around them. One night after a they both shared  a reefer, Alice tells Bill a story. A story about she almost was unfaithful  with a another man. Bill becomes so jealous of her that he decides to do  the same to her. Into the night he search after revenge, but he doesn't  know what to come.<br />I see Eyes Wide Shut as a kind of operetta. It's has  that grand feeling of everything being topp class. There's always something  rich to it, pun intended. It's not \\"Days of thunder\\" nor is it \\"Far and  away\\". It's a Stanley Kubrick movie. And when it's that kind of a movie,  you have a lot to expect. To understand this movie, you must be a Kubrick  fan. If not, try to see some of his old movies first. Try with \\"2001 - A  space odyssey\\" or \\"Barry Lyndon\\". Try to understand what his movies tries  to tell. Stanley's movies were more than movies, they were a work of art.  Success to him didn't matter and you can see that in his movies.<br />My last  final notes on this movie, this isn't Stanley's best movie but that doesn't  make it his worst. I give it four stars out of five.<br />R.I.P. Stanley...
B00004U8H4|5.0|I was quite impressed with this film.  Namely with the fact Christian Bale conveys such a visciousness that if you were ever to encounter him in person you would never look at rich, wealthy, yuppie types the same way  again.  The thing that makes this film so much fun to watch is the fusion  of 80's nostalgia and raw carnage being displayed with such creativity.  I  imagine the forthcoming DVD will have deleted scenes that weren't used in  the initial film making the experience even more surreal.  What is so  impressive is how the director makes the mood so pasty and drab looking.  Every scene has this dark sensibility but most of the time you are  presented with daytime overcast skies, white walls and classic 80's  artwork. The sets make Batemans character seem so friendly but so  incredibly frightening too.  You leave the film thinking about all the  people you know in your life that could possibly have similar defects.  This film is definately a winner and sure to be the Christian Bale breakout  performance people will remember him for.
B00002MZ4W|3.0|I'm mystified why this CD is getting such rave reviews.  The strongest single is Limp, which is fantastic, and may be worth getting the CD for.  The rest of it sounds an awful lot like Aimee Mann - to an embarrassing  degree.  Its kinda unfocused and imitative...sounds like a junior album.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This is just rap with guitars. Enough already.
B000002UWL|5.0|Mr. Tennant empties an album full of humanity's little commonalities-- love, loss, regret, nostalgia, &amp; C. with an almost inhuman precision of diction.  No one could say it (and sing it) better, or at least not that I  know of.   Mr. Lowe's excellent work with programming compliments  &quot;Behavior&quot; with dance, stasis, and everything in between.  This  is one of the finest pieces of recorded music you're likely to ever find.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|First of all, nothing will ever live up to their amazing debut, but this album comes very close. That is an accomplishment. This is simply the best sort of pop there is. This is also a much more introspective album than  their debut. No, Savage Garden are not a boy band. Just listen to the  intelligent songs on this album and it will prove it. Here are the tracks:  1.AFFIRMATION: Boy, twenty life lessons in one rapid fire song! Some people  could learn a lot from these lyrics. It's a great kick-off song. 2.HOLD ME:  Classic, mid-tempo Savage Garden. This is a really cool, catchy song. The  lyrics are very inventive, as they are always on the record. 3.I KNEW I  LOVED YOU: A slow ballad much like &quot;Truly Madly Deeply&quot;. Although  it was a huge hit, it's actually one of the worst songs on the album. 4.THE  BEST THING: A wonderful, upbeat song. The verses have a really cool melody  and the chorus is really catchy. 5. CRASH AND BURN: An amazing mid-tempo  song that reaches out to those in a time of need. Great lyrics and chorus.  6.CHAINED TO YOU: This is a great upbeat song. It's pop, with a little bit  of rock elements drawn into it. It was instantly one of my favorites. 7.THE  ANIMAL SONG: This was released on a soundtrack before this album came out.  It's a great upbeat song with an awesome melody and a lot of drum beats.  8.THE LOVER AFTER ME: This is just a great pop song. It doesn't really  stand out, but it just really good. I can't really explain it. The more I  listen to it, the more that I like it. 9.TWO BEDS AND A COFFEE MACHINE:  Probably my favorite song on the album. It's simply beautiful and the best  ballad that Savage Garden has ever done. I will never get tired of it.  10.YOU CAN STILL BE FREE: A haunting ballad that builds up to such a great  song. The high notes hit by Darren are amazing. 11. GUNNING DOWN ROMANCE:  This song is not instantly likable, and is a change for SG, but after  repeat listens it really grow on you. The melody changesa lot and it is  pretty creepy. 12. DON'T KNOW YOU ANYMORE: What an amazing, sad ballad. The  songwriting and performance are so amazing. I don't understand how anyone  can dislike something like this.      ~ lyrics included
0060916540|5.0|I have never been mountain climbing, but I read this wonderful book in one sitting.  Joe Simpson's personal account of his &quot;near-death&quot; experience is written in a simple, yet eloquent style.<br />Cliches such as  &quot;inspiring&quot; and &quot;harrowing&quot; don't do this book justice.  It is a one of a kind read.  Into Thin Air is also a terrific climbing  book, but for me, Simpson's story was more personal and in a way, almost  spirutual.<br />Even though he comes across as an unbelievably brave hero, it  is evident that he is not trying to, which makes him seem all the more  heroic. I would recmmend this book for sportspeople and couch potatoes  alike.
B00004SVIK|5.0|I love this cd set. I am so glad that I bought it. Worth every penny. The book that comes with it is fantastic, a real collectors item. The live discs are very good indeed, painstackingly re-mastered from the original  tapes. Sonically it's a fantastic set, the sound quality is awsome  considering the master tapes were in such bad condition. Just buy it, open  it, put it in your hi-fi, kick back and enjoy. You will not regret buying  this at all.
0880381736|5.0|Now, I'm not a huge fan of fantasy books anymore. I used to be, but I grew out of it I guess. But a few years ago the DragonLance books by Margeret Weis and Tracy Hickman were my favorite reads. A few weeks ago I was bored  and wanted a nostalgia trip, so i dig out &quot;Dragons of Autaumn  Twilight&quot; and I began skimming through the pages. It was only a few  seconds later that i sat down and was once again captivated by this  wonderful adventure. Expecting to find cliches I instead fell in love with  the same old characters again. I read it in two days, and then I moved on  to volume two. Although Autaumn Twilight is my least favorite of the  chronicles series, it is still a powerful introduction, but it never comes  close to being as good as the next two in the series. READ THIS BOOK! Even  if you don't like Dungeons and Dragons (i haven't played it in years but i  still love the original dragon lance books) you'll probably love this book.  Just one word of advice: Don't waste your time reading other Dragonlance  books that are written by authors other than Margeret Weis and Tracy  Hickman. Weis and Hickman are the only authors who write the Dragonlance  books well. So if you see a Dragonlance book written by these excellant  story tellers pick it up! Start with the Chronicles and then read the  Legends. Everything else bores me but this series is far from boring!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This album is a must for any Maiden fan. 100% Iron Maiden power, majesty, and energy from start to finish.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Almost every review about this album is filled with crtics blasting her and not the album.  Frankly, she doesn't deserve all the bad things people say about her because anyone who has their eyes open can see how hard she works.  Anyway, the album is fantastic.  My favorites are, Stronger which  is just amazing, you have to hear it, One Kiss from You because it's not a  fast or slow song but still gets you moving, and my favorite of all is When  Your Eyes Say It, I don't know why because with all these really good fast  songs this one is slow but it is really deep and her voice is just perfect  for it.  So stop reading and buy the album, and don't listen to what people  say about her, they're just mad because they aren't her.
B000006Y60|4.0|Now don't get me wrong, this album doesn't come close to Black Celebration (1986), but it is still a classic.  Although Martin Gore didn't write more  than 2 songs on the album (one of them doesn't even have lyrics, what a  shame), its still a fun upbeat early 80's album.  I love synth-pop, and  like most synth-pop fans, I love the cheesy, simple synths and drum machine  sounds.  Vince Clarke does an OK job with the lyrics here, well it *was*  1981, what would you expect?  Tracks 1-2, 4-12 are available on the  standard US version of this album, for a great review of those songs check  out the Amazon user comments for Speak &amp; Spell (US).  <br />Now, as for  the &quot;extra tracks&quot;, I got this CD because I really... really...  wanted those extra tracks.  I paid a bit more for the import CD, and it was  worth it for me.  The extra songs won't change your view of the album or  Depeche Mode.<br />Dreaming of Me isn't really that much of an extra track.   It is already available on the US version of the album.  But in the import  version, it does count as an extra track because the UK version has the  song &quot;I sometimes wish I was dead&quot; rather than Dreaming of Me.   &quot;ISWIWD&quot; is included on this import.  The song is the standard DM  early song.  synths, drum machines, although it does have an edgier side  (well, more edgier than &quot;What's your name?&quot;)  But I don't know  what DM were thinking!  &quot;New Life&quot; and &quot;ISWIWD&quot; on the  same album?  2 tracks away from each other?  Not too consistent!  But once  again, it *was* 1981 *and* their first album, and for a first album, it is  pretty good.<br />Ice Machine would probably be the only one that really  stands out as a &quot;bonus&quot;.  It has a catchy synth-pop style sound  with the traditional early 80's Depeche Mode lyrics.  Although if you ever  come across the live version, you must listen to it, its an amazing song  performed live.<br />Shout is a mediocre b-side toa not so mediocre single  &quot;New Life&quot;.  I'm sure the song would be much better if the  producer would have just amplified Dave Gahan's voice a bit during  production!  You can hardly hear the lyrics and the background music  overpowers his voice.  Its a traditional early 80's synth-pop song, but if  only the voice of Gahan was louder, the song would be a little less  forgettable.  Once again, the live version of this song (also rare) is done  quite well (maybe because you can actually hear the words! and its mixed  quite well).<br />Any Second Now, is a good example of an early Depeche Mode  ballad.  The lyrics are ok, but it has a certain sense of ambience that was  not common in early 80's synth-pop.  The song is already included on the  standard version of Speak &amp; Spell, so buying the import for this song  is not necessary.  Although the import contains an instrumental version of  the song... nothing extraordinary just the song with no lyrics.<br />Just Can't  Get Enough (Shizo Mix)... wow, a 3 hour version of &quot;Just Can't Get  Enough&quot;... I haven't been that bored since &quot;Titanic&quot;!   Seriously though, the 6 (some odd minute) version of this classic gets a  bit boring at times, and makes you glad you can fast forward so easily with  CD's.  Although it does have its moments, its basically the 12&quot;  version of the song.<br />I would have enjoyed having other early DM \\"bonus  tracks\\" on this import.  For example the song \\"Television Set\\" (which is  currently only available in a hard to find live version) would have been a  good addition to this album.  Well, here is my verdict, if you are a  hardcore DM fan, go for this album, it will complete your early collection  of DM works.  If you're a so-so fan, the regular US version of this album  will suffice.  If you are none of the above, get the 81-85 Singles  collection, it will give you the stand out cuts (by that I mean the  &quot;hits&quot;) from this album.  Unless your a big fan,this import  won't mean much to you (like many imports are).
B000009QPG|5.0|...and possibly my favorite of all time. Before I got this one, Divine Intervention was my favorite.  Things have changed! See, on every Slayer album there is at least ONE song I really don't like(but usually no more  than 3), but on this one, EVERY song totally rules. I can listen to this  from start to finish, and never be tempted to hit the NEXT TRACK button.  That's how good it is. My personal favorite is probably  &quot;Temptation,&quot; mostly because of the killer lyrics, but the  musical part also rocks. But every song on this rocks my world. So if you  don't have this, get it. Without hearing this, you haven't heard the best  of Slayer!
B00000J2KY|1.0|I am not a prude and I enjoy eroticism.  But I must say thatbeing a parent - especially the parent of three beautiful underagegirls - made this movie extremely disturbing for me.  <br />Jeremy Irons is a fine actor and specializes in heavy drama.  He brings a rich, deep element of artistry to his roles and makes no exception with Lolita.  I never saw the earlier film or read the book, so I can't compare them with the movie.  I guess I vaguely knew what the subject matter was going in so what should I expect, but with the big names in this movie, thought it was worth a shot.  You can't help but pity Melanie Griffiths' character as the young girls mother.  She and her daughter have this strange competetive relationship and her character's tragic ending is quite downplayed (as though the mother was just a one-sided, unnecessary obstacle in the story).  And of course Jeremy Irons' character is simply using her to get into her daughter's pants.  Sorry to be so blunt, but even with all the artsy additives, that's a child molester.  Parents, stepfathers, uncles are expected to give respect to the rules and be the strong ones.  Whether a 14 yr old girl is suffering from a hormone/romantic overload, it is the adult's place to draw the line.<br />I can't help being bothered by the whole situation - especially with the girl falling for the other gentleman who has an even more severe pathological condition than Jeremy Irons.<br />Perhaps the movie could have been more tolerable with less time spent in bed - less visual sexual situations and images which do not leave your mind after the movie's over.  Those long, drawn-out &quot;love scenes' you'd expect from a highly-charged romantic flick were unnecessary and purely included for the enjoyment of the voyeuristic audience.  You end up feeling like you're just as guilty of the sick obsession he had with this way-too-young girl, and I'm sure anyone with a conscience (and a daughter) would have the same problems.  I can certainly understand why there was controversy when this movie came out.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This cd is much better than the first. The whole thing is worth the song Stan. It would make a great addition to any collection.
158234082X|5.0|Superlatives fail me.  I usually expect to consume a book, hopefully like a wonderful multi-course meal at a fine restaurant.  Not this entree.  Unlike President Clinton, I inhaled it.  Snorting again and again, until  all the little lines of print were gone and I was desperately licking up  liner notes trying to maintain a literary high.<br />I worked prep in a  restaurant in high school.  Just a greasy spoon, but the experiences of  Chef Bourdain are my experiences.  As the author impresses, you have to be  a bit deranged to work in a restaurant; the hours and pace are brutal.   But, there is a strange camaraderie that spans age, gender and ethnicity  for those who live on the culinary fringe, and this book captures it  perfectly.<br />My copy now sits snug on my bookshelf, nestled next to  &quot;Down and Out in Paris and London&quot; and I know, somewhere, George  Orwell is laughing.
B000006FYP|2.0|It's amazing how much damage Joel Schumacher was able to do to the film.<br />Unlike the first two films where the characters were fairly deep, the characters in Batman Forever are boring and one-dimensional.  Jim Carry  is the only bright spot.  This isn't helped by the terrible  script.<br />Schumacher tries to make the film bright and flashy but ends up  just making a very campy looking film with high production values.  The  Batman series was ment to be dark(even in the comics) and Schumacher  shouldn't have tampered with it.<br />The only good thing about the film is a  great soundtrack but it in no way makes up for this lousy movie.
B00004SYZ8|5.0|The best St germaine's album up to now, far better than their other two, certainly better than the one live concert I've heard, and far more interesting than both. The touch of the production team in that album is  well felt and appreciated, they must have been greatly responsible the  polished professional sound and the clever track arrangement. Every single  track is delightful on its own, and in spite of the impressive variety -  from funky dance to chilled jazz and soft blues - the passages seem smooth  and natural. The same applies to the mixture of styles within the tracks:  jazz &amp; blues standards combined with dance, Caribbean beats and urban  electrical sound, always delightful and bewitching at times.
0790730960|4.0|Tim Burton continues the Batman franchize and it's as dark and stylistic as ever.  In fact it seems as though he went a little overboard with the darkness and at times the film can be disturbing.<br />In the tradition of the  first, the characters all are played as though they have serious mentle  disorders and all are quite creepy.  Keaton, DeVito, Phiefer, and Walken  all do great jobs and keep the film interesting.<br />This was one of the few  sequals wich didn't dissapoint me and I highly recommended.
B00004THAY|4.0|This is an excellent cd but not the best playing from either ofthe stars.While Amazon offers a good price for this, the  retail list price on  this one is not justified - not many cd's would be worth that ridiculous  price. Anyway, go in with a friend an get this and you will enjoy some good  to great playing, but don't expect the wonders that some reviewers claim to  hear from this cd.
0790729652|5.0|More than 10 years after it's release, Batman is still the best in the series and arguably the best super hero film out there.<br />To start with, Tim Burton does an excellent job of creating a dark and intresting Gothem  City and the whole film's attitude is alot darker than any previous  incarnation of Batman.<br />Keaton, does a suprisingly good job as Batman  and plays him much like a split personality.  But even Keaton is slightly  over-shadowed by Jack Nicholson as the Joker.  It's one of his best  performances and really gets into the role.<br />Batman is a dark and  interesting film and shouldn't be missed.
B00000K3UR|5.0|Now THIS is what a REAl comedy is all about! Adam Sandler plays a young man who recently graduated from law school.<br />Sonny (that's Adam Sandler's character's name) works at a toll booth on a high way. His girlfriend  breaks up with him because she thinks he's not responsible enough to get a  &quot;real job&quot; and act more mature. <br />When Sonny's roommate goes to  China, his dead wife leaves behind a little five-year-old adorable boy for  Sonny's roommate to take care of because he is the boy's natural father.  But since the boy's natural father is going away to China, Sonny tells him  that he will take care of the boy.<br />Of course, Sonny becomes attached to  the boy and the boy becomes attached to him. Sonny decides to adopt the boy  to prove to his girlfriend that he is responsible and mature and can do  things right so he can get her back. Even though the boy is not really  Sonny's son, he still loves and cares for him like a real father  would.<br />Through the laughs, there are heart-warming parts of the movie. It  is a really good movie and I think Adam Sandler did an excellent acting  job, and this movie was really hilarious! I especially love the part when  the little boy is jumping on his jumping ball and repeating everything  Sonny is saying while he's watching the hockey game. Then Sonny goes,  &quot;How much would could a wood chuck chuck could if a wood chuck wood  chuck would&quot;. Then the kid stares at him like he's crazy! It cracks me  up!<br />This movie is for anyone who loves a good laugh when they watch a  movie! I guarentee you won't be disappointed. (If you are disappointed, you  probably don't have a good sense of humor!)
B00000JCOV|4.0|A great CD. Buy it. The first 10 songs are fast and very hardcore..After that it starts to slow down. If your ears are still virgins than don't buy this cd.
B000007UZ8|5.0|Being a steadfast fan since the debut of the original Pablo Honey album, one can see the places this band has gone and get a glimpse into what this band will produce in the future.  I have loved everything this band has  done, but if I could start all over again, I would have gotten this album  first.<br />This album is exactly the same as the US Pablo Honey release,  except that it contains 5 extra tracks and takes a slightly heavier toll on  your wallet.  Although the Creep (radio edit) track (#13 on US Pablo) is  missing, it isn't a big loss, because it is exactly the same as the  original Creep, except the lyrics were altered for broadcast.<br />The real  focus is the 5 extra tracks.  Like the rest of the album, they represent  the beginning of Radohead's evolution into a major rock icon, and with a  variance of moods, this CD will not leave you tired.  Cynical, lurking, and  soothing by turn, this CD is the first masterpiece from this awesome  band.<br />BUY PABLO HONEY.  Which version is up to you.  It's really only a  question of how much you are willing to spend.  If you have some extra  cash, I would defintiely go for this one, because, in all likelyhood, you  won't be able to avoid falling in love with this band just like I did, and  you'll appreciate these 5 tough-to-find tunes farther down the road.
6303187064|5.0|Well considering what I would have to say would take up more than 1,000 words I am not even going to try! I will simply say this.........if you have seen it you already know it is one of the greatest movies ever made  and Brandon Lee delivered a more than spectacular performance that made his  name a legend. If you haven't seen it.......my friend YOU HAVE BEEN  DEPRIVED! This is a must see if not for the heart wrenching love story, the  magnificent fight scenes, and the dark, gothic, vengence filled  plot..........then for Brandon Lee's last great performance! He would have  made (pardon my language) one HELL of an actor. Maybe he would have  surpassed his father if not for someones careless mistake.
B000007363|5.0|If you are looking to buy your first Radiohead CD, this is a strong one to consider.  Though you are paying extra for only the last two tracks, they are VERY impressive B-sides.  Killer Cars, which can also be found on the Itch EP, is one of my personal favorites, and, combined with the seductive  How Can You Be So Sure track, they make this CD a must for serious  collectors.<br />However, you may not be willing to shell out extra $ for  only two songs, especially if you are just getting into Radiohead and you  aren't particularly interested in their B-sides.  If that is the case, I  have to recommend The Bends LP, which should be less.  Once again, it  is identical to this album except that it lacks the last two tracks.
B00004TL21|4.0|on their third album, the deftones take a new sound in order to step away from the burgeoning rap-metal sound that encompasses the airwaves right now. with songs like &quot;teenager&quot; and &quot;RX queen&quot; making  nods to trip hop, and the spellbinding song &quot;passenger&quot; with  maynard keenan, the deftones make a new direction in their music completely  believable and interesting. this may be the musical breakthrough the  deftones have been looking for for years.
0792846710|5.0|Attention, all beloved Killer Klown cult fans!   Our all-time favorite homicidal, bloodthirsty, and cotton candy-weaving bozos from beyond will finally be receiving their long-overdue video re-release this fall!   I  especially want to thank Stephen, Charles, and Edward Chiodo for listening  ardently to their legion of loyal fans and being able to bring their  hideous big-top wonders back since their hitting of the silver screen 12  years earlier!   Only one question: how come no DVD or VHS widescreen  versions? The art direction in this classic black comedy really warrants a  1.85:1 canvas, not to mention a Dolby Digital remastering to accentuate the  Klowns' chilling chuckles and John Mussari's sinister musical  score!<br />Okay, for those of you who have been living in a secluded cave  since 1988, KKFOS is a must-have film for any seasoned B-horror movie buff.   It is the uncanny tale of a coastal California town that becomes beseiged  by a pernicious race of alien klowns that cruises through the galaxies in a  circus-tent starship and has an insatiable appetite for human blood.  These  wily, vile bozos arrive with an arsenal of mutagenic popcorn, lethal cotton  candy phasors, acidic cream pies, and many other deadly circus tricks they  deploy in order to capture and harvest the town's dullard citizens as  cotton-candy-cocooned snack munchies.  Only a clique of college kids and a  rookie cop are aware of the klowns' nefarious plan, and they must do all  they can in order to save the village from a fate that's no laughing  matter!  Sure, the plot to KKFOS sounds like a 1950's sci-fi derivative,  but it is accompanied with impressive costume design, whimsical art  direction, and captivating make-up and puppetry effects from Fantasy II F/X  (&quot;The Terminator&quot;, &quot;The Abyss&quot;) that really exploit the  low budgetary constraints that were imposed on this indie masterpiece.  The  real fear in KKFOS comes from taking the benevolent attributes of clowns  and the circus and inverting them into elements of a child's warped  nightmare.  However, it does have its fair share of baffoonish comedy (most  notable are the goofy Terrenzi Bros) to balance out the freaky death  scenes.  John Vernon definitely gives a hammy, but hysterical performance  as Officer Mooney, the embittered police chief who scoffs the idea of  murderous klowns in his town...until they finally make a &quot;dummy&quot;  out of him, literally! All of this comes in a PG-13 package with no nudity  and only mild &quot;ketchup gore&quot; for the audience.  <br />One thing's  for sure about KKFOS re-release, I'll be well-insured when my original  Media Home Entertainment VHS copy becomes irreparably worn-out, which is  almost certain to happen soon!  Also, I just cannot wait until the sequel  finally comes out (hopefully by next year)!
B00004TDTO|1.0|I love the movie JAWS, and I agree with the AFI that it's one of the 100 greatest American films of all time. But this particular video presentation does not present the movie in it's original form. This DVD does not contain  the original, oscar winning sound effects. Instead, this DVD contains a  bunch of newly re-recorded sound effects. To me, this is the equivalent of  re-writing Shakespear's plays, re-writing the novels of Dickens, or tearing  up the Mona Lisa and painting a new one. Besides, the DVD format allows for  up to 8 different audio track to be included, so even if they did record a  new one, why not also include the old one? I guess George Orwell was right.  History is indeed being re-written. What a shame. Hopefully someday they  will issue a DVD that contains the origianl soundtrack to this movie.
0201485672|4.0|I liked this book a lot.  But the constant de-emphasis on performance worries me.  Performance really does matter.  The code for &quot;Replace Inheritance with Delegation&quot; shows how to implement a stack by  delegating to a vector.  In what might be seen as a kind of &quot;Freudian  slip&quot; the sample code (p. 354) uses the absolutely worst possible  technique!  Push inserts at the 0th element and pop removes the 0th  element.  This is a terrible blunder.  It is just as clean and *much*  faster to insert and delete the last element of a vector.<br />Steven Tolkin           steve.tolkin@fmr.com      617-563-0516  Fidelity Investments   82  Devonshire St. R24D    Boston MA 02109 There is nothing so practical as a  good theory.  Comments are by me,  not Fidelity Investments, its  subsidiaries or affiliates.
B000002UJQ|1.0|When I heard this album at first, I fell asleep before all track ended. Listen to the verve's urban hymns. It is really PERFECT. OK Computer is the worst album in 1997. Of course, Radiohead is all-time the worst band.  Frankly speaking, this album never have to take even 1 star. OK Computer is  0 star!
B00004RFFM|3.0|The movie is o.k, definitely not the very best, but ok. For one, I'll agree with the view that some scenes were definitely irritating. I mean the scene with LL Cool J in the oven, get real people!  The shark pounds  through basically EVERYTHING that it wants to enter and on encountering a  perfectly harmless oven, it cannot get in! Furthermore, he literally cuts  himself out of there in like five seconds, I mean who pounds through steel  so easily? Right there and then, we know that LL is definitely going to  star    (big surprise). Too convenient actually. I was disgusted by his  blasphemy when he uttered his so-called prayer,and I am not a christian,  just thought it was downright disrespectful of everything we know to be  right. Obscenities are often called for, but in a setting like that , it  didn't vibes very well. Apart from that, I did enjoy the movie. In  particular, I admired Thomas Jane's character and he is actually the reason  why I am writing this review. The bravery and confidence he displays when  he comes into contact with such monstrous predators is astounding and I  must admit that I was continuously enthralled by him throughout the movie.  To be honest, he actually kept me watching the movie. In a sense, I wonder  if he is actually like that in real life. Not the best movie, maybe there  is too much presence of &quot;convenience&quot; (even with Jane himself,  I'll admit) but, all in all, I enjoyed being teased by the idea of a group  of people trapped beneath the sea with a bunch of savage sharks on the  loose.
630463949X|4.0|Just got this DVD.  It must be that some of the early copies of this DVD were defective in some way.  While the audio is not up to the James Taylor or the Roy Orbison DVDs (hence the 4 stars, would give 4.5, if I could), it  is still of high quality.  It is not flat nor non-detailed as one reviewer  mentioned, so I would not let that influence my purchasing decision.  The  concert itself is great with tremendous musicianship.
B00004SCX6|1.0|ABOUT AS GOOD AS NEW KIDS ON THE BLOCK.  NO TALENT AT ALL.  A STUDIO CREATION AND THE SONGS HAVE NO FEELING OR MEANING.
B000002WYT|5.0|Not many times do you come upon a cd where every thing is right.  I really how like how they can mix so many different styles in the same album and still make it work.  From the lively &quot;Too Much&quot; to the harder  edged &quot; Drive in Drive Out&quot; the record has it all.  The lyrics  are tight and on point, fun and easy to listen to, a welcome break from all  those hard groups like Limp Bizkit and Papa Roach.  The blend of  instruments is also outstanding and Carter Beauford is simply amazing on  drums.  The saxaphone is great as is the fiddle, but the flute makes an  wonderful new addition. This group has not only grown from their first  album, they have exploded on to the scene as one of the most popular bands  in the Milwaukee - Chicago area.
B00004TH83|5.0|Powerful, uplifting, dramatic, beautiful...actually it's so good it leaves me speechless.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Marilyn Manson is the best, and this CD once again proves his superiority.  While Antichrist Superstar is my personal favorite, Mechanical Animals shows that Manson is multitalented.  This CD may differ greatly from the  rest, but the songs are just as fantastic.  It's an absolute must for any  Manson fan . . . and even for any non-Manson fan(with the exception of  those who do not make any attempt at understanding Marilyn Manson or his  songs and insist upon making uneducated judgments concerning something they  know nothing about).
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers do it again.  Californication is definetly the best album they have popped out so far.  With Anthony Kiedis' lyrics, Flea's bass, John Frusciante's solo's and Chad Smith's drums make this an  album that will go down in history.  Buy this cd today or you'll be sorry
B00004TL21|5.0|The deftones are at it again with another great cd. On White Pony they show a softer side of their music on the song &quot;teenager&quot; which shows of Chino Moreno's vocal talents.  &quot;Digital Bath&quot; also shows  a different style for the Deftones.  The song &quot;Passenger&quot; which  guests Tool's Maynard James Keenan makes you feel like you are right there  to experience what Keenan and Moreno are singing about.  The Deftones did  not lose their edge though. They show this off in songs such as  &quot;Elite&quot;, &quot;Korea&quot;, and &quot;Street Carp&quot;.  Overall  this is a great record, and would reccomend buying it.
0871137380|5.0|Before I read this book I've always wanted to be part of the special forces, I would picture them going into enemy territory and finish there job, kill the bad guys and get out without a loss of a single man. This  book made me realize that there's alot more to that. I've read this book  twice and each time I would get hooked on it. I would recommend this book  to anyone intrested in special forces.
B00004T8RK|1.0|I can see this album in the second hand bin at walmart already, if this is the best Vedder can do, he should retire.
0451169514|3.0|I was curious as to how others reacted to this book I'd just finished, and was so surprised by the reviews I felt compelled to respond. Did no one else find the voyeuristic sex scene with the kiddies as absurdly offensive  as I did?  I'm sure it proved titillating to many, but my word, how  typically male... she hurts at first, then gets into it and even moans,  thrashing her head from side to side! I did find aspects of the book  wonderfully exciting - the plotting, the return of both Tom and Henry - and  will happily concede his talent at the game of suspense, but &quot;the  greatest book ever&quot;?  &quot;The greatest writer ever&quot;?  Come on,  folks.  A great storyteller, perhaps (and even some of his devices are  reading a bit thin), but I don't think we'll be assigning King in Am Lit  101 any time soon.  To paraphrase Adorno, he won't be disturbing the  currents of literature too much.
B00004T8RK|1.0|I think Pearl Jam's problem is whenever they do an album is the media calls its a classic album, this album is so selfcentered, Im pretty sure Eddie Vedder could sing Mary had a little lamb, and the fans aand the media  would call him the next John lennon. The songs on this album are so trite,  I have already taken it in to the secondhand store.
0380002930|5.0|I just finished this book and I loved it.  It is extremely well written and you can tell that the author has done tremendous research on rabbits.  I have always believed that animals shouldn't be hunted for fun or for  money.  In the begining, I wondered why Hazel and his band of rabbits were  so afraid of humans and then I realized that we have done this ourselves.   We have made rabbits afraid of us because of the way we treat them.  This  is not always the case.  Later in the book there is an act of kindness by a  human to a rabbit.  While reading this, I became part of the world of  Hazel, Fiver, Pipkin, Bigwig, Dandelion, Blackberry, and others.  The book  is so descriptive that it can do that to you.  It starts out with Hazel and  Fiver frolicking through the warren in which they live.  Fiver begins to  get one of his bad feelings.  This time it is for the rabbits to  immediately leave their warren.  Only some choose to leave, but for the  others there only lies trouble.  The rabbits set out on a journey that will  certainly change, but maybe end their lives.  Where will they live?  Who  will they meet?  Will they ever find out what happened to their old warren?   I was able to read this in a week, so it is not very difficult.
B00004U8H4|5.0|American Psycho was one of the best films of 1999.  The blood and gore count was suprisingly low in comparison to other horror flicks, but the psychological scares rival that of a great Alfred Hitchcock film.  This is  a great film for those of you out there who prefer mind twisting to mind  splattering.  There are countless references to at least a dozen horror  flicks for all of you horror buffs out there.
0380002930|5.0|I just finished this book and I loved it.  It is extremely well written and you can tell that the author has done tremendous research on rabbits.  I have always believed that animals shouldn't be hunted for fun or for  money.  In the begining, I wondered why Hazel and his band of rabbits were  so afraid of humans and then I realized that we have done this ourselves.   We have made rabbits afraid of us because of the way we treat them.  This  is not always the case.  Later in the book there is an act of kindness by a  human to a rabbit.  While reading this, I became part of the world of  Hazel, Fiver, Pipkin, Bigwig, Dandelion, Blackberry, and others.  The book  is so descriptive that it can do that to you.  It starts out with Hazel and  Fiver frolicking through the warren in which they live.  Fiver begins to  get one of his bad feelings.  This time it is for the rabbits to  immediately leave their warren.  Only some choose to leave, but for the  others there only lies trouble.  The rabbits set out on a journey that will  certainly change, but maybe end their lives.  Where will they live?  Who  will they meet?  Will they ever find out what happened to their old warren?   I was able to read this in a week, so it is not very difficult.
0446677450|5.0|Many reviewers have criticised Kiyosaki, especially those who are already money-wise, but if you're not market savvy yet, then this is still an excellent book.<br />For example, many of us already know you can treat  business expenses (like overseas holidays and luxury cars) as tax  write-offs, but people who are not in business are often surprised about  this.<br />So, Kiyosaki, despite his detractors, IS educational. If you are  already knowledgeable, the information may be nothing knew to you, but his  book is still quite good.<br />However, I have noticed something that few  other, if any, reviewers have pointed out or even noticed: Kiyosaki's  writing style is overly alarmist.<br />The books best points were &quot;Let  'em Scream&quot; (in relation to creditors) - ie, pay yourself first - and  Avoid the Mortgage Trap (ie, a Mortgage is not an Asset). <br />Taking  on-board the author's financial wisdom, I have to say that I personally  would not attend a two-day Kiyosaki seminar because they are very costly  and it seems that authors who conduct seminars do little more than  reiterate what is already said in their books. <br />Overall, &quot;Rich Dad,  Poor Dad&quot; is a worthwhile book if you never had your own 'Rich Dad'  (or ready access to street-level financial advice for the novice) but other  readers (judging by the tone of some reviews on this site) may not need to  buy in.
B000002AP1|5.0|It's &quot;I'm a street walkin' cheater with a heart full of napalm&quot;. Had to get that off my chest. Now, this album is beyond essential. 'Raw Power' is as great a rock and roll song as any ever written. 'Gimme Danger'  out-Doors the Doors. 'Search and Destroy' out Dead Boys the Dead Boys.  Every single song on this album is revelatory.  Now, this mix. Well, hell,  of course it's better. It's how the album is supposed to sound, as  determined in Iggy's head, not by Bowie. It's great, it's exciting, it'll  change your life.
1882723007|5.0|After suffering from depression for two months following the loss of my son, I read this book and was uplifted.  I find peace knowing my son is in such a beautiful place as Betty Eadie describes.  I highly recommend this  book to anyone suffering the grief of having lost a loved one.
B00004THAY|5.0|It just doesn't get any better than this!
B00000BKDY|5.0|This was the end of Maiden's line of hands down hit albums, they hit a bit of a wall on this one with the critics for some reason, and I do agree a little (not to say it's a bad album at all) I still think this album rocks!  It's just not as good as their previous 6 albums. But it's still a very  good one. This one is a must for any hardcore Maiden fan!  But for anyone  new to Iron Maiden I'd suggest any of their first 6 albums to get you  started.
0767903854|4.0|As an Australian who is currently into a several year stint overseas, I expected this book to provide an insight into Australian society and culture from a foreign perspective. I don't feel it lives up to my  expectations, nor to the standard of his other works. <br />'Notes from a  Small Island' had me howling with laugher, because as an outsider to  England, his wry observations and comments touch upon things that seem  superficial, but resonate with greater depth across all parts of society.  He digs at the the seams of the fabric to find the things that are  idiosyncratic, and amusing to an outsider.<br />Unfortunately, this book reads  like a tour of a country that he doesn't know very well: his commentary and  insights are 'interesting', but I feel that they are superficial, they  don't capture the true essences of the country. It's like a diary, and even  then, not one that echos with universal wisdom.<br />His recount is  interesting, but not side splittingly humourous - because his observations  don't grab at a deeper level. A large part of text is about revealing  himself or describing situations which could have occurred in any country,  not just Australia.<br />Having said that, I've given the book four stars  because it is a worthwhile read about interesting Australiana, and should  be part of the diet for anyone visiting the vast land. But as an insight  into the culture, and compared to his other works, I don't think it comes  up to scratch.
B00003Q43A|5.0|What more do you want from a movie.  It had laughs, chills, make you go &quot;wow&quot; scenes, and tears.  I'm sure I'm not the only person who was a bit touched by the scene with the President and his wife.  Or moved  by his Independence Day speech.  Jeff Golblum, as always, is an  entertaining presence in the movie.  His unique style speaks for itself and  works extremely well in this movie.  Will Smith, love him or hate him,  brings all his energy to his role as Capt. Steven Hiller.  Personally, I  thought the cast was perfect for the movie.  Sure, there's no Oscars here,  but that's not the point of the movie.<br />As we all know, the special  effects where great, but despite some complaints that that's what all this  movie is about, I liked the story, too.  Simple and to the point.  Aliens  come.  Aliens virtually blow up our planet.  We fight back.  What makes the  movie good is that the simple story is presented in a way in which has you  rooting for the good guys at the end of the movie, and that's all that  counts.<br />As for the DVD special extras, well, it has some pretty neat  stuff.  Trailers galore, behind the scenes features, the original  &quot;Biplane ending&quot;, which they made a wise choice in changing.   Just a little too much cheese, even for this movie.  You get to hear Devlin  give his reasons for cutting it, which are good ones.  Also, the sound was  awesome in my system.<br />Of paticular interest to me was the fact that it  had two versions of the film, one the regular and the other, a special  edition with nine minutes of footage cut from the original version.  Pretty  much, most of these scenes don't add too much to the movie, but they are  nice to see.  My fave new scenes where the ones with Russel and his sick  kid and the one with Jeff Golblum and Brent Spiner in the cockpit of the  alien craft.  Those were nice touches in my opinion.<br />Pretty much, this is  a love it or hate it movie.  I happened to love it for one simple reason.   It entertained the heck out of me, deserving of this type of DVD treatment.
6304458223|3.0|I have seen this film many times and will watch it many more. A very well acted, and beautifully shot movie with great music and yet, I bought the laser disc version. I'm sorry but this DVD needs to be released in a  widescreen format to get the full effect of this wonderful movie.
B000002KO1|5.0|I recently pulled out my vinyl copy, and immediately remembered something I'd forgotten. The first side alone is worth the price of admission. Amazing that so many years later it sounds harder than modern post-punk,  softer than gooey, barbie girl pop. And who can resist singing along with  &quot;The Wait&quot;, even when you don't know what the hell you're  singing. Yes, by all means, buy this CD.
0553274503|5.0|Daniel Keyes is a rare talent.  I think that few people could tackle a story spanning such breadth and intensity of human emotions and behavior as he has in &quot;Flowers for Algernon.&quot;<br />Charlie is truly a  captivating character from start to finish.  He never loses his grace and  sensitivity towards others -- especially his little furry companion in this  wonderful/tragic experiment.<br />As Charlie's perspective changes through the  story we can all see ourselves in the people that he relates to every day.   The scientists become as pitifully inadequate as the bakers.  It is a  reminder to us all to treat everyone with basic human dignity as we would  want to be treated.<br />A precious book well worth re-reading.
B00000BKDW|5.0|'Powerslave' was the fifth album released in the string of Iron Maiden hits, and what a killer album this was!  Maiden was at the height of thier game when this one was released! And when you hear this one you'll know  why!  This is a must have for any Iron Maiden fan!
B000005RS7|5.0|The 1997, ... &quot;Hounds of Love&quot; set on offer at Amazonis the EMI Centenary edition (check the lower left corner of the albumcover repro for the red EMI logo), one of a series of so-called &quot;milestone&quot; albums for the label.  It comes beautifully packaged in a very sturdy box, with two fairly lavish booklets detailing the history of the album and EMI.  It also features the now-standard bonus tracks and remixes (all of which are excellent). If you love Kate's work and want a special copy of &quot;Hounds of Love&quot;, this is the one to get.
6305311463|5.0|I first bought the original DVD and was very dissapointed.  Now the Criterion collection compensates this lack of specials of the original DVD... You've got outtakes, commentaries, trailers and behind the scenes  footage. The movie has been remastered for optimal Dolby Digital 5.1  quality and is presented in the director's cut! The picture and sound  quality of this DVD are awesome!<br />Now the movie itself is an eye-popping  but still character-driven fun ride that'll have you laughing, screaming  and crying. When the world is threatened by a asteroid the size of Texas,  NASA comes up with a plan to send a team of oil drillers, led by Harry  Stamper(Bruce Willis), into space to blow it up from the inside by drilling  a hole and detonate a nuclear bomb in it before the asteroid hits earth.  Now this team isn't prepared to travel through space but it sure as hell is  prepared for drilling.<br />Now this movie is a calculated blockbuster:  There's humour for the funny Theres action for adrenaline junkies And  there's a love story for romantics<br />Now, this movie could have been much  much worse. But there are so many people involved who made the flawed  script into a great entertainig movie:<br />The cast: Bruce Willis is pretty  much the coolest           guy in the universe. Who else is gonna            save the world?           Ben Affleck... well he's good lookin'             and a fine actor.           There's Billy Bob Thornton who is one            hell of a charismatic guy.           Liv Tyler, Michael Clarke Duncan, Owen            Wilson and Will Patton....           Steve Buscemi: The perfect  freak.. what           can I say.... The music:Trevor Rabin has written an  emotional           theme, that will never get out of your           ears  and I guess I don't have to mention           Diane Warren's &quot;I don't  want to miss a           thing&quot;, performed by Aerosmith. Director:  Michael Bay (The Rock, Bad Boys)and           his collaboration with Jerry  Bruckheimer           is unique in many ways. He tells the            story  with so much energy and those           brilliant images. There are so many            colour tones in this movie, that enrich           the emotions  and there's an irony to all           the patriotism but still you want to             stand up and sing the U.S. National           Hymn.<br />There are  some lenghts in this movie but it's entertaining from start to finish. I  would rate the movie four stars and that extra star for this incredible  disc.....
B000002TQB|4.0|Yes, hard to imagine this disc came out in 94, but the majority of it sounds as fresh as anything in the last few years. This disc truely defines what was going on in upstart England in 94. The re-birth of Mod, the return  to brit-rock, scooters and a fly your union jack attitude which embraced  music fans in every country. &quot;Parklife&quot; is littered with bouncy  pop that simply says, fun fun fun. But its the slower more introspective  numbers that I really dig. &quot;To the End&quot; is painfully beautifully,  one of their best ever that is only matched by &quot;This is a Low&quot;,  which is at the end of this very disc!  Of course the album is mostly pop  fun. Boys and Girls, Jubilee, Tracey Jacks and the title track bounce with  wit and catchy grooves hard to duplicate. If you own this, take some time  and revisit it, if you don't, you know what to do.
051788710X|5.0|Robert Moss certainly knows how to dream- he talks about Aboriginal, Celtic and Native American shamanic and dreaming practices, as well as his own dreams and the dreams of memebers of his Active Dreaming workshops, and  explains how the average person can use dreams to make the most of their  everyday life. He shows why dreaming is so important, how to make it a fun  and enjoyable experience, and gives tips on exploring the dreams and  symbols of your dreams (note: Moss does not take symbols on a dry Freudian  level- according to Moss, symbols may have different meanings for different  dreamers, and some symbols are transpersonal). His discussion of shamanic  dreaming goes far beyond any book I've read before (except, possibly,  &quot;Dreamgates&quot;, another book by Moss.) This is one book I could not  put down.<br />There is one slight weakness in this superb book (if you want  to call it a weakness)- he doesn't fully explain the methods of shifting  consciousness into the dream state. Complete beginners might even be  wondering exactly what it means to &quot;shift consciousness&quot;.  However, this is information you can find in nearly any other dream or  astral projection book (as well as slews of internet sites), and Moss opts  to go a step further- by showing the reader that the dream world is a real  world, full of real characters and real things- perhaps more real than  physical reality.
0767827791|5.0|I've seen \\"Picnic\\" more times that I could count, most recently on the excellent DVD edition.  It was released in 1955 and powerfully evokes old-fashioned small town America, but the essence of it transcends time and  place.  The dilemmas and stages of life portrayed can only be fully  appreciated by someone who's gone through some of them.  It was always one  of my mother's favorite movies, but you need to grow up to a certain extent  before fully appreciating it.  It's one of those films that gets better  with repeated viewings, and changes even as you yourself change.<br />A scene  that immediately comes to mind is one where Rosalind Russell, as a  desperately lonely middle-aged woman living in denial, is unblinkingly  staring at a blazing red sunset with her gentleman friend, Howard.  In a  tight, intense tone of voice she suggests that the day doesn't want to end,  that it's going to \\"put up a big scrap, try to set the world on fire,\\" to  keep the night from creeping in.  Yow!  Besides being an example of great  acting, it's a scene that just can't be fully appreciated until you've  reached a certain age, seen some time slip by, and pondered mortality.   Russell makes the most of it, and it always brings a lump to my throat.   Howard, in his clueless way, agrees that \\"a sunset is a beautiful thing,  all right.\\"  I suspect that people who watch this film, shrug, and say \\"so  what?  Kim Novak is fat and dull, and Holden is too old\\" are a lot like the  character Howard, which may be to their advantage after all.<br />Regarding  Kim Novak, I could certainly picture a more nuanced performance in that  role, but she is better than OK, and not fat by 1950's standards!  As for  William Holden being too old to play Hal, I can forgive much for the sake  of charisma like his.  He certainly seems older than Cliff Robertson, who  plays his former college fraternity brother (Holden was 37 at the time).   The age issue is addressed in another scene with Rosalind Russell (nowI  think of it, hers may be the best performance in the film), where her  insecurity and anger are suddenly let loose in a drunken rage as she lashes  out at Hal.  She shouts: \\"you're no jive kid, just afraid to act your age,\\"  and her tirade gets meaner with each second.  This is the turning point of  the whole story, and contains some more great acting.  She spits the words  out like venom at Hal, whose agony on hearing things he is afraid to think  about, let along say out loud, is clearly visible on Holden's face.   \\"Picnic\\" is full of vivid scenes like this, as well as more subtle and  lighthearted character studies, and it is not a soap opera by any  means.<br />Incidentally, this film contains a technical milestone at the very  end.  The last shot is reputedly the very first helicopter shot in a motion  picture, done using a borrowed US Navy chopper.  In this landmark shot, the  maximum effect is achieved with no words.  We have already seen Hal catch a  passing freight train out of town, and we've seen Madge (Kim Novak) break  the bond with her mother and catch a bus out of town.  We know that their  paths are to cross again as the helicopter shot begins by tracking the bus  with Madge on it, and she is represented by a busy, hopeful-sounding  version of the \\"Picnic\\" melody heard earlier in the film.  As the camera  continues to rise, we catch sight of Hal's freight train nearer the  horizon, heading in the same direction, at which time a rough and virile  melody begins to sound right alongside Madge's \\"Picnic\\" theme.  What a  great way to end a great film.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|After receiving some harsh reviews from the critics on their previous album 'Somewhere in Time', Maiden fired back hard with 'Seventh Son of a Seventh Son'!  Fans and critic both loved this one! It was the freshest  Maiden album in years!  Not to mention ground breaking! This is a classic  Maiden album and a must have for any Maiden fan!
B00004SCX6|5.0|This album was wonderful...to those who didn't but it..u don't know what your missing. I also don't get people who put it down when you haven't heard the whole CD<br />Even though some people don't like Oops I did it again  (the song)...but that doesn't mean you have to judge the whole CD!.<br />My  number one favorite is..#11 &quot;Your Eyes Say It&quot;...that song is so  sweet and so true. #7 &quot;Lucky&quot; is also a great song...the way she  talks about movie stars who are really lonely is quite touching..and the  beat is great. <br />#1&quot;Oops I did it again&quot; grows on ya..I also  loved #5 Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot;... true that some people  don't get to say I love you to the person they love because of being  afraid. #12 &quot;Dear Diary&quot; reminds me of my own diary..I write all  my crushes and hopes in them...#9 &quot;Where Are You Now&quot;...I love  that song...she sings it with strong emotions....#6 &quot;What You See is  What You Get&quot;....ohh I ADORE that song...the lyrics is great..the beat  is wonderful and the words its so true about guys so possessive that they  try to change you!<br />The other songs that I didn't mention are good but not  my favorites....but I truly recommend all of ya to buy this album...its  better than the first one..more mature..we could say
B000002KDO|5.0|The Sabs third album is no doubt their sludgiest and heaviest. It's supersonic and powerful, thick, almost leaden riffs display a terrific raw energy. More complete than the band's second recording, Paranoid, which  seems to have significant holes in composition; Master is a masterful  collection of songs made only more incredibly by Tony Iommi's superb guitar  and Ozzy's fantastic, almost demonlike voice. Real hard rock classics like  the kickin' opener &quot;Sweet Leaf&quot; and the anthemesque  &quot;Children of the Grave&quot; are followed all the way through the  album with &quot;Lord of this World&quot; and &quot;Into the Void&quot;.  The hard rock sonic bliss doesn't stop, you get your fix all the way  through. Together with these songs, you get &quot;Embryo&quot;,a strange 30  second instrumental which I have always seen as an intro to  &quot;Children..&quot; another instrumental,the acoustic  &quot;Orchid&quot;, which balances, but does seem a bit shallow, placed  just to fill. You also get a slow, doomy song in &quot;Solitude&quot; and a  bit christianity bias on &quot;After Forever&quot;. The writing is superb,  the songs are hard driving and they sure don't get old. All in all, one of  the Sab's best and most interesting, not to mention consistent collections  of songs. BUY IT!
B00004SE2Y|2.0|She has a great voice and all but i just keep skip those tracks that didn't make sense. The only ones that got my attention was &quot;oops...&quot;, &quot;dont let me...&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot;. The  entire cd should have brought more energy, more up beat...something like *N  Sync's! But then again i dont want her ever to put a cd just like *N Sync's  No String Attached, because i dont want her to have the #1 spot on the  Billboards. Only *N Sync should have the #1 spot! HE HE HE! No offense,  Broccoli!
B000006MS3|5.0|Kate's fourth studio album is uniquely intense. It's dark and angry - there's wailing aplenty and some lyrical gnashing of teeth going on here. This is definitely no picnic.<br />'The Dreaming' is not officially a concept  album, although it sounds like one with its foreboding soundscapes and  uncompromising production. In some respects it could almost be a prototype  of 'The Ninth Wave' - the conceptual piece on Kate's next album, 'Hounds of  Love'. Unfortunately 'The Dreaming' has always been in the shadow of its  more commercially viable successor, which is a shame as it is such a  remarkable album in itself.<br />Standout tracks include 'Get Out of My House'  - this is an exquisitely furious and dramatic piece of music - listen out  for the slamming car door lurking in the percussion! 'Night of the Swallow'  and 'Leave it Open' I can only describe as sheer ear candy, while 'Houdini'  (in stark contrast) is uplifting and disturbing in equal measure.<br />I think  Kate reaches her creative peaks when she really lets rip - and there is a  lot of that going on in 'The Dreaming'. This is a spellbinding album which  treats the listener as an emotional punchbag. It'll leave you feeling  shaken for sure. Only the brave need apply.
1559948671|5.0|You really need to read this book.  Here's a story of incredible bravery of the &quot;average&quot; American kid in an unpopular war. READ IT!
B00000BKE0|5.0|This was another album (along with 'Somewhere in Time') Maiden had problems from the critics with, and I do have to agree a little (not that this is a bad album at all, it's just that their first 6 albums where so  superior to this one) But I still think this album rocks! This is a must  have for any hardcore Maiden fan! But for the new Maiden fans I'd suggest  not getting this one right now and start with any of their first 6 albums.
B00000IAU3|5.0|AFTER READING THE REVIEW OF COMPARING HER TO OTHER MUSCIANS, DIDO IS DIDO--UNIQUE, AWESOME AND GREAT TO LISTEN AND LEARN.  SHE TALKS OF LIVING AND LIFE AND THE DILEMAS WE MUST ALL FACE AT ONE TIME OR OTHER.  DO  YOURSELF A FAVOR AND BUY THIS ONE CD FOR YOU--YOU WONT REGRET IT
0618001905|5.0|The stories of genocide here are truly shocking.<br />This is a chapter of history most people don't know, and illustrates just how much Western leaders are responsible for trouble that happens in Africa even now.
B00000I2LR|5.0|In a world plagued by hideous pop mainstream songs that all sound the same, Shirley Manson, Butch Vig, and the rest of Garbage bring to the music stage an incredibly different sound, filled with brooding and angst.  For  anyone with an axe to grind, a bone to pick, or a cross to bear, this album  is for you.  Incredibly innovative lyrics in Queer, Dog New Tricks, and My  Lover's Box complement the moving, express-lane beats of Only Happy when it  Rains, Supervixen, and As Heaven is Wide.  &quot;Milk&quot; is the perfect  ending to the CD, its lilting tones calming the nerves a little after the  previous eleven exhaustingly energetic tracks.
B000003TA4|5.0|Well, how do I begin to review the single greatest album released in the 90s, perhaps the greatest album of all time? I can't. I can only say that Kurt Cobain, despite all his faults, and there were some, was the greatest  songwriter in history. It's such a shame that he isn't alive today, sharing  his genius and talent with new listeners. Instead, we'll just have to be  content with what he left us, which is some of the greatest stuff ever  written. Kurt could write songs that spoke to everyone, that you could  listen to over and over again, and instead of gradually hating it more and  more, you grew to love it more, for you could pick up on the true genius of  the man. Everything he wrote, every chord, the listener could appreciate  more and more. Kurt wrote music that demanded repeat listening, music that  had heart and soul. For that, we should be grateful and humbled. Wherever  you are now, Kurt, I sure hope you're still writing and playing...
B00000BKE1|5.0|This album was on a bit of a tilting scale with fans and critics (for the most part with the critics) it seems that everywhere you turn someone either loved or hated this one. I personally loved this one, and it will  forever be an Iron Maiden classic to me. True I wouldn't put it above 'The  Number Of The Beast' or 'Powerslave' but definitely right up their with  'Piece of Mind' or 'Killers'! This is a must have for any Iron Maiden fan!
B000002KIK|2.0|I'm sure that when the Sabs heard the result of their time in the studio on &quot;Never Say Die,&quot; they knew it was All Over.  Something Terrible had happened, and nothing short of another disaster could possibly  reverse it or even make the situation worse.<br />Understand, this is not a  bad album, contrary to what I said last year right around this time (hey,  people mature over a year's time).  However, it is difficult to forgive  Ozzy, Tony, and Company for such songs as &quot;Breakout&quot; and  &quot;Swinging the Chain.&quot;  Along with &quot;Illusion of Power&quot;  and &quot;The Shining,&quot; these rate as four out five of the worst songs  the Sabs ever recorded.<br />For the most part, the lyrics are inane and  pointless--what is Ozzy trying to say on the title track?  &quot;Air  Dance&quot; nearly laid me flat when I heard it.  The band (collective  noun, use singular verb! ) has recorded some off-the-wall songs before,  but cocktail music?  I get an absurd mental image of Ozzy dressed in a  flowing robe, leaning with one hand upon a piano and a martini in the  other, with some overweight dork randomly tinkling the keys.<br />I'd  recommend this album only for &quot;Johnny Blade,&quot; &quot;Junior's  Eyes,&quot; and maybe (and I mean MAYBE) &quot;Shock Wave.&quot;  All three  are at least somewhat reminiscent of the glory days of early Ozzy.
158234082X|3.0|As a cooking school attendee, the ego wagging all over this book rang very true. Some of the best chefs are loud, profane and totally into food at all costs. Mr. Bourdain is one of them.  There are some great tips scattered  throughout the book. Some of the  kitchen craziness he describes is laugh  out loud funny. I was not amused at his description of Baltimore. In an  interview in a Baltimore paper, Mr. Bourdain attributed his views of Charm  City to loneliness and a lack of a drug connection. Poor baby.
B0000399WI|4.0|Don't get me wrong, I love this movie. In fact, I've watched it over and over again, but I have to point out that the DVD is not as sharp and clear as I had expected it to be. In one scene towards the end where Dufresne and  Red talk about Zijuatanejo, you can notice artifacts carried over from the  theatrical version. The spots and scratches on the film were carried over  to the DVD. Not that it is really noticeable, but you notice it as you  watch it over time...
B000000H57|5.0|if you are brave enough to listen to type o negative, you best be sure to have your vampire- killing tools nearby. your best bet would be to listen to it during the day while the vampires are still asleep
B00000BKDV|5.0|This was Iron Maiden's most critically acclaimed album! Maiden started to turn head's with 'The Number of the Beast' and when 'Piece of Mind' was released they broke the mold! I personally think 'The Number of the Beast' was a little bit better (the reason 'Piece of Mind' was more critically acclaimed over 'The Number of the Beast' is because when Maiden released 'The Number of the Beast' they were still a fairly new metal band in america and for some reason critics were (are) a little gun shy about giving great reviews to metal bands they don't know, so after they backtracked and heard the Maiden library of albums they felt more comfortable with Maiden and the critics had no choice but to finally give Maiden the respect and critical acclaim they deserved). This album is a heavy metal classic! And it should be on every Iron Maiden fan's shelf!
630589938X|1.0|I am a huge fan of Steven King, both of his books and movies. I read Cujo a few years ago and really enjoyed it. Recently I bought the movie (DVD edition). This is easily one of the worst, most boring, ridiculous, yawn  yawn, so stupid its almost funny movies I have ever wasted my time on! To  top it off it is entirely NOT AT ALL SCARY! I mean, let's review...St.  Bernard gets rabies and rather than go off and die, as any animal with  rabies always does he kills his spouse abusing owner, his owners best  friend who is a worthless redneck drunk and a sarcastic jerk of a sheriff,  as well as terrorizing a cheating wife and her innocent son. The dog is  really doing everyone a favor in this movie by killing the people that he  does. I found myself rooting for the dog. One other thing is that the dvd  offers no special features at all...if you must see this movie just rent  it. Read the book it is so much better, If I could give this movie 0 stars  I would!...But that's me....If you like the movie then buy it!
B00003CWTH|5.0|I have to admit, I didn't realize this film was actually close to (or slightly more than) three hours long until I read some of the other reviews of it! I was so completely taken in by the strange depth and profound  troubles of the characters that unfolded more and more through the film,  along with the slowly revealed motivations for their actions and their  unexpected connections to each other simultaneously, that time flew by  without my awareness.  And Mr. Tom Cruise's Academy award nomination was  no accident or publicity stunt; few times was I more impressed with an  actor's work.  The depth of this movie doesn't border on the spiritual;  you will see Exodus 8:2 as a leit motif dance through this picture- it IS  spiritual, in ways that will both blow your mind, and break your heart.<br />I  would give it four and half stars if it were possible because of a scene  that devolves into a  music video that didn't work for me at all.  But the  movie as a whole is still closer to five star excellence than four.  And  as far as the screen play is concerned, the recurring line about the past  in this movie is one that should become a part of cinematic  history.<br />Worth seeing more than once.
0767903854|4.0|Bryson provides an enjoyable though frustrating examination of Australia for which I am giving him four stars (on the basis that it is a vast improvement on what has previously been written about this country).   Anyway, that's not why I am writing.  I am here to provide a further  reading list for those who want to follow up on some of Bryson's  stories.<br />1st- Jim Cairns.  Remember the old man crossing the street in  Melbourne with the card table from which he sells his books and its turns  out its the former deputy-prime minister.  As someone who has interviewed  him, I can testify that Cairns is one of the most extraordinary people I  have ever met.  I can really recommend his book SILENCE KILLS but  amazon.com lists 12 other books of his that I am sure are worth a  read.<br />2nd- The PM Who took a very long swim.  Yes, its true.  We lost a  Prime Minister but some people aren't so sure about the fish food end of  the story.  Anthony Gray's THE PRIME MINISTER WHO WAS A SPY is distirbingly  convincing in his account of what happend to Harold Holt; recruited as a  student to write reports on Australia which he continues to write  throughout his political career until he goes for a swim at Portsea (at an  oddly isolated and dangerous spot) and collected by a passing Chinese  submarine. While I am not one for conspiracy theories this is one that is  definetly worth a read.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Well I must admit I wasn't sure about buying this.  But once I had got past the title track I fond that it was definitely worth it!  What Britney does most is great pop.  Aside from Oops I did it again!  she has a few  others that are good.  Songs such as lucky, stronger and can't make you  love me are memorable and catchier than the bubonic plague!<br />What I did  like about this album though was the diversity in its tunes.  Quite a few  decent ballads are thrown in this package.  the best definitely being Where  are you now?  This track really brings out her voice.<br />Overall this album  has been treated unfairly by its critics.  If you love the american beauty  then you must own this album simple as that!  A great release.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Iron Maiden is back with a vengeance and showing 'em how it's done! I will admit I was skeptical about how they would sound, because a couple of other metal/rock bands finally did some new stuff that really disappointed me,  like Black Sabbath came back with a only two new songs (that where ok but  not great, and lets face it, it was not what us metal fans were expecting  or hoping for from Sabbath) Van Halen tried to regroup with some guy nobody  ever heard of and totally tanked! Ozzy hasn't done anything new with his  solo act! The only ones that came close was AC/DC they did a pretty good  one, but even that disappointed me a little. But Iron Maiden on the other  hand came back with full power!  It's like they never stopped!  You  could play this album to someone that hasn't heard of Iron Maiden before  and ask them to try and guess what era (70's 80's 90's) it's from and they  wouldn't be able to tell!  That's how perfect this album blends in with  their others! Maiden fans must get this one!
B00004TL21|4.0|This album is more of a statement of this bands maturity over the last few years. It is still really heavy in spots, but these guys really want you to get what they're saying by listening to the words.. I love the first two  records, and practically wore them out, this one will get there too, but it  may take some time. If you are a real fan and want to get further in touch  with deftones music this is a must have.. If you heard a song on the radio  and think this is the latest and greatest thrash album you might be  disappointed..
0688170528|5.0|What an awesome experience I became part of when I decided to read this book.  Over the course of a week, I became Jodi Picoult's biggest fan.  This a WONDERFUL book.
B00000IKSC|5.0|This video is sooooo great! I love watching all of their incredible dance moves...especially SEXY A.J! If you like BSB you have to buy this video. It's soooo incredible. I must have watched it 50 times!
0783107986|5.0|This set of videos combines excellent archival footage of WWII, the first major conflict captured extensively on film, with excellent narration by Olivier to create a stirring and chilling view of the war that set the  stage for the second half of the 20th century.<br />I have watched this set of  videos several times.  They rate, in my book, among the best documentary  materials available on WWII.  If you were to combine this video set with  print works like &quot;The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich&quot; and  &quot;At Dawn We Slept&quot; you would have a powerful combination of  documented works and video material.<br />As another reviewer aptly pointed  out, this series is slanted heavily to materials from the European Theater  of operations.  Perhaps that is because there was simply more material  available on that part of the war.  Maybe it's because much of the fighing  in the Pacific leaned in favor of the Japanese for so long.  <br />While this  video series is excellent, it is not, in my opinion, for everyone.  I do  not plan to let my children watch this until they are a bit older.  They  should probably be out of elem school before they see footage about the  concentration camps, etc.<br />There is good footage, good commentary, and a  somber soundtrack that brings the project together.<br />5 stars<br />Alan  Holyoak
B00000BKDS|5.0|We all know the Bruce Dickinson Iron Maiden era was the big one, but lets not forget how great Paul Di'Anno's asset to Iron Maiden was! That guy rocked in one of the best debut albums ever!  This is a must for any Iron  Maiden fan!
B000001EGA|5.0|I bought this album the day it came out, waiting in a huge line to lay my greedy hands on it. This record was the first album in history to go to number one *prior* to its actual release, so there was a frenzy when it  went on sale. It's difficult to desribe how huge Elton was in the mid-70's,  but he was a God.<br />Initially I was disappointed and thought &quot;Captain  Fanastic&quot; couldn't compare to Elton's more stately and ambitious  'Goodbye Yellow Brick Road.&quot; But a quarter of a century later, this  record has held up marvelously and contains a number of little-known gems.  &quot;Better Off Dead&quot; and &quot;I Gotta Get a Meal Ticket&quot; are  exceptional.<br />Another element of this album which resonates after all  these years is the lyrical content. Of course this is an autobiographical  album, and Bernie's poignant, magical lyrics retain the brilliance of that  summer of '75.<br />If you are a long-time Elton fan, then you know and  probably love this album. If you're just discovering him and want ot sample  the best of his glory years, this album is a must have addition to your  collection. Enjoy!
B00004TL21|5.0|i think this is a very good album...although it is quite different from their first two releases, it is a good change.  their incorporation of the dj helps increase the depth of the songs, and it turns out awesome...the  best songs are probably teenage and knife prty...don't hesitate to buy it
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is a quik read because its so good. I read over a weakend. This smart 6 year old can take part in your mund and think wwhat  he thinks.
B00004U2HK|5.0|Some people have described this movie as no more than melodramatic, sentimental sappiness.  Christopher Plummer is reported to have refered to this movie, in which he starred, as &quot;The Sound of Mucus.&quot;   <br />This movie is, in my opinion, the exact opposite.  The movie contains  inspiring music, a hopeful story line, and an engaging Julie Andrews as  Maria, the young governess to the Captain's seven children.  The chemistry  that develops during the film between the children and Maria and between  the Captain and Maria drives the story.  <br />Interesting supporting subplots  also abound.  Some include the Captain's impending marriage to a duchess,  teen romance of the oldest daughter with Rolph the delivery boy, the  scheming uncle Max who's always on the prowl for a way to come into fame  and easy money, the lives and times of the nuns in the convent, and the  pre-WWII Austrian setting with the threat of Nazi occupation.  <br />You will  find Maria to be creative, inventive, and made of sterner stuff than she  appears to have.  There is hesitancy, faith, fun, music, romance, drama and  suspence, and even comedy in this time honored Oscar-winning classic.   <br />If you have never watched this movie, watch it.  If you don't have it,  get it!  It's a great show for the entire family -- it does not have  offensive language, violence, etc., but it does have abundant positive  lessons about family and loyalty.<br />5 stars all the way.<br />Happy  viewing!<br />Alan Holyoak
0679746048|2.0|Seemed like the book was rambling. Didn't really see the point. Was interresting for someone who didn't already know what it was like inside of an 'insane' assylm. Would have like more info on what really went on  though.
B000001EUL|5.0|The 1979 album \\"Lovedrive\\" by Scorpions is a tremendous effort, seemingly fueled by conflict, chaos, desperation, and fraternity, that rises to a level just short of perfection.<br />In 1978 Scorpions were in a rebuilding  year, having just issued a pink slip to lead guitarist Ulrich Roth in an  effort to retool their sound. The decision to jettison Roth (and all the  Hendrix-ian baggage that came with him) was the first of many smart moves  made by the band. Another was giving Rudolph Schenker more direct control  over their music. <br />Before \\"Lovedrive\\" was completed, the band would hire,  record with, fire, then rehire Matthias Jabs, as well as briefly rejoin  with Michael Schenker (Rudolph's brother, who had just fled UFO) in what  many fans have called the dream line up for Scorpions.<br />Given the  tumultuous circumstances under which the album was recorded, it's a minor  miracle the album is any good at all. \\"Lovedrive\\" however is a four star  effort and I believe the best album ever made by Scorpions. Song writing,  both musical and lyrical, are prime, and the group emotes all over this  album without sounding ridiculous or tired.<br />The frantically paced classic  \\"Another Piece of Meat\\"(boy meets girl, love goes wrong at Tokyo kick  boxing match), the misogynistic title tune  \\"Lovedrive\\"(girl-loves-guy/guy-loves-Porsche), and the fantastic \\"I Can't  Get Enough\\" (or \\"How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Hard Rock\\") are  the three stand out numbers that efficiently showcase the strengths of  Scorpions, effectively translating their live vibe onto disc. Thankfully,  Scorpions retained Michael's solos on two aforementioned songs (\\"Meat\\" and  \\"Drive\\") and on a third \\"Coast to Coast\\" despite his departure, making this  a very interesting album. Michael's playing on these three songs is simply  perfect, and one of the reasons the album succeeds as it does. The best way  to describe what Scorpions achieve here with Michael is white hot  chemistry. The solosare unbelievable, and representative of his best lead  guitar work.<br />Matthias Jabs is no slouch either. His leads are bright and  responsive to the mood of each song with a slightly more soulful approach.  Check out \\"Always Somewhere\\" for Jabs shining solo moment, on what would  turn out to be Scorpions first ever Uber Ballad, the likes of which that  would later win them broad acclaim worldwide. The rhythm section of Herman  Rarebell on drums and Francis Bucholz on bass, and of course Rudi Schenker  perform ably throughout this album. Then there is Klaus Meine, whose  incredibly high German accented vocals became a band trademark. He does a  great job here and switches gears effortlessly between the fast and slow  numbers. His lyrical collaborations with Rarebell are smart, funny, and  entertaining (as long as you're not a card carrying member of the National  Organization of Women).<br />Reviewer opinion: A seamless hard rock album with  some brilliant moments; arguably one of the top ten heavy metal/hard rock  albums of all time and best recording by group; Strong Buy.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I have purchased in years. It is romantic, stirring and haunting. The lyrics are almost hypnotic and &quot;Here With Me&quot; always takes me to another universe (a perfect choice for the  Roswell show).
B00000IPAX|2.0|Blink 182's Enema of the State is truly not the greatest CD in the world. It is probably the worst CD i have ever owned. Though, there are a few great songs on the CD, such as Whats my Age Again, and Adams Song, the rest  of the CD is junk. Do yourself a favor and dont buy it.
B00000K3UR|2.0|Eminent thinkers like John R. Searle have long considered the perplexing existence (or theoretical existence) of consciousness to be one of the great mysteries of life.  Equally perplexing a mystery is the popularity of  Adam Sandler and his abominable films, indisputable proof of the existence  of unconsciousness.  For a journey that thoroughly explores the utter pits  of refuse, feel free to watch Big Daddy, an eccentric piece about an  unmotivated slacker (Sandler) who develops a sense of responsibility while  caring for an abandoned child (Julian, played by twins Cole and Dylan  Sprouse).<br />Sandler plays the part of Deadbeat Big Daddy, showing the  five-year old how to, among other things, urinate in public and make bed  sheets out of old newspapers.  Most depressing is the apparent joy the film  takes out of exposing the kid to some predominantly adult situations,  including a constant barrage of tiresome Hooters jokes.  Tack on one of the  silliest (and longest) courtroom scenes ever put on celluloid, and you've  got yourself a real turkey.<br />That being said, Bid Daddy does have a few  clever moments.  The way Sandler tries to keep Julian away from drugs by  interrogating several of his school friends is hilarious and almost  heartwarming.  Rob Schneider and Joey Lauren Adams also turn in competent  performances.  Unfortunately, there is not nearly enough good to outweigh  the bad, so I cannot recommend this film.  It's a step above &quot;The  Waterboy,&quot; however.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I've never been a big RHCP fan, but I do think they're awesome. In fact, I saw them perform during their Californication tour (it was killer!). But everyone has to like SOMETHING by them. Funk isn't really my thing, but  that's cool! Some of RHCP's songs are great. My faves on this album:  &quot;Californication&quot; (video for it is cool too),  &quot;Otherside&quot;, &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;, &quot;Road Trippin'&quot;,  and &quot;Around the World&quot;. Very cool.  I still say that their best  song ever is &quot;Under the Bridge.&quot; That song will never get old to  me and it is one of my all time favorites.
B00000JGHM|4.0|First beef I have with this dvd release is the total lack of extras. I don't really consider a trailer an extra.<br />But as for the movie, its a great crime, action, drama flick. Huge name cast did a great job. This is a  great film to watch on a Friday or Saturday night when theres nothing else  to do.
B00000DG1R|5.0|Taking their cues from David Bowie and (early) Roxy Music, Duran Duran created a remarkable collection of singles, all conveniently gathered together on this fantastic, endlessly listenable (though poorly annotated)  compilation.  From their earliest hits like &quot;Planet Earth&quot; and  &quot;Girls on Film&quot; to their later could-have-beens (&quot;Electric  Barbarella,&quot; &quot;Skin Trade&quot;), this is some of the most  influential, consistent pop music of its era.  It is also a fine  documentation of a good band's progression through two decades of stardom.  So Simon LeBon's lyrics make no sense and the album has a rather oblique  sense of sequence (one late song is mixed right in the middle of their  early hits)--do you care?  I don't.  That's not what Duran Duran is about  and, with only two weak tracks (&quot;I Don't Want Your Love&quot; and  &quot;All She Wants Is&quot;) out of a total of 19, this is the best record  Duran Duran ever released.  Order now!
B000002LA2|1.0|This is garbage, pure Phil Collins garbage. Don't buy it, unless you are a fan of PHil Collins. PUaj, puaj. puaj. Please, take a listen to songs like Layla, Cocaine or the old Sunshine of your Love and compare. Pure blues  rock against this kind of musak. One star is too much. I couldn't rate with  0.
B000000OTU|5.0|Maybe this album isn't as good as some of the original ones, but I still love it. Why? A couple reasons: &quot;Janie's Got a Gun&quot;, &quot;Cryin'&quot;, &quot;Crazy&quot;, &quot;Rag Doll&quot;, &quot;Love in  an Elevator&quot;...Get the picture? There is such a great collection of  songs on here. My favorite Aerosmith song is &quot;Janie's Got a Gun.&quot;  I listen to that over and over, still doesn't get old. If only this had  &quot;Walk This Way&quot; on it (that's okay...I MP3ed the song :) ). But  this album is good just for that genuine Aerosmith experience that everyone  should have. Get it.
B00003CXDV|3.0|To spoof or not to spoof that is the question.  A rather entertaining movie, however you do need to be a fan of the sci fi era.  Special effects where amazing.  However, there was something missing, may be it was the  story, I am not sure.  But as spoofs goes it was a good one.  Tim Allen  took the role as the commander with such jest, he must of been watching  William Shatner, the aging actor, trying to hang on to his youth and fame.   Sigourney Weaver, I am not too sure, trying too hard I guess.   Don't let  this put you off, it is an enjoyable film, visually amazing but I guess  thats all.
6304490399|5.0|On Any Sunday is an outstanding effort by Burce Brown.  It combines motorcycle action, humor and an indepth look at the exciting and sometimes dangerous world of professional motorcycle racing.  Having recently seen it  again for the first time in almost 30 years, I was inspired to write a  letter to Mert Lawwill thanking him for some wonderful memories of my own  dirt bike riding days and the Harley I owned.  In turn, he wrote me back  and included an autographed copy of him hanging it out sideways on a flat  track in his hay day.  What a great deal.  My wife even enjoyed it enough  to watch it with my twice in the two days we rented it.  Rent it, buy it,  watch it.  You'll enjoy it!
0786225955|5.0|that' really a book that i wanna have.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Oh my God, this album is fantastic. If you are a really Maiden fan, even if you really love GOOD great music, Brave New World is what you want. Great sound, great music, great lyrics. All in one cd. Bruce Dickinson, oh  man, hes not from this world. All the guys seems to be in perfect shape,  it seems like Maiden has reborn.  In this record theres no bad songs,  everyone of them are excellent.  If you want my opinion in three words:  Simply, the BEST. Up the Irons
B000009M5E|5.0|All singers simply superb! There is no doubt that Tebaldi is the perfect Mimi together with the ideal lyric tenor Bergonzi for our jealous Rodolfo.Tebaldi is supreme in All Arias and Duets.Even without reading the  libretto her singing will make you cry (personal experience).Such  performances make me consider her (together with Montserrat Caballe)as the  greatest soprano of the century.D'Angelo and Bastianini form our perfect  funny couple of the cast.Just listen to them whenever they argue..the  perfect Match!  On the whole, THE BEST RECORDING OF THE BEST PUCCINI                  GET IT!
B000006MS3|4.0|I'm hoping that there aren't any Kate Bush fans out there in cyberspace who don't own a copy of The Dreaming. An impossible sacrilege.<br />The Dreaming scares me. I don't mean \\"scares me\\" as in \\"Marilyn Manson scares  me.\\" It's 2 in the morning and the house is dead quiet, then I'm startled  by the sound of someone turning the knob on the front door. Like The  Dreaming, that scares me! Why? First there's the title. \\"Dreaming\\" is a  verb; the  act of visiting a fascinating world while asleep. But Kate uses  the phrase \\"The Dreaming\\" as thought she's referring to a person, place or  thing. She's taken an \\"action\\" and made it into something concrete,  something one can touch. Next is the cover: a photograph of a seductive  Kate (Mrs. Houdini) with a key hidden inside her mouth. She's about to pass  this tool of escape to Mr. Houdini in a kiss. Very alluring, very erotic.  But it's Kate's eyes that give the photograph (and The Dreaming) an air of  the unnatural. Kate's not peering into the eyes of her affection, but into  something eerie far in the distance . `Pull Out The Pin' is filled with  bone-chilling fear and blood-curdling horror. `Leave It Open' contains the  frightening lines \\"Harm is in us. Harm in you and me.\\" `Get Out Of My  House' is as unnerving as my 2 AM tale.<br />The most unsettling composition  is `Sat In Your Lap.' For me, it is a stomach-turning confessional with a  theme that lies beneath the lyrics: the theme is incest. Many artists  attempt dark, forbidding and metaphysical material which usually comes off  as comical. The Dreaming isn't the least bit funny. Welcome to the  supernatural world of Kate Bush. Buyer Beware.
B00004SPYJ|5.0|Franco Zeffirelli + Nino Rota + Olivia Hussey = the most wonderful love stoty in the world.  Olivia Hussey was 17 years old. It was her first film. She's a wonderful actress: talented and very-very beautiful. Nino Rota (La  Strad, Godfather) wrote the score. Music of Romeo and Juliet the most  beautiful film-score. Zeffirelli made beautiful films. Every time: BROTHER  SUN-SISTER MOON, JESUS OF NAZARETH or Jane Eyre. He's a great director.  Really italien director. And: Olivia, szeretlek!
6305718954|5.0|I think, this movie is one of the best I've seen in the last year! And the soundtrack is also very good....mystic!
6305137293|1.0|I haven't seen this since I was a teenager in 1981 but decided to take another look when it became available in widescreen DVD. I was shocked at how bad it was.  I believe I enjoyed it somewhat the first time (although I  didn't think it came close to the original) but upon watching it today I  couldn't believe how incompetent a lot of the directing is, how ridiculous  the plot is, and at how unscary it is!
630021463X|5.0|While it does go a little bit into the absurd, that's part of the charm of this movie.  My favourite part is when Spock and Kirk are on the bus with this punk-rocker who's playing his music way too loud, much to the  annoyance of his fellow passengers.  Spock just quietly does the Vulcan  Neck Pinch, and solves the problem.  Of course, there's also the little  shtick about where Ensign Pavel Chekhov and Lieutenant Uhuru go to get the  ions to repair the dilithium crystals, and other small touches which,  nevertheless, make this highly enjoyable movie what it is.  This film is a  &quot;Must Have&quot; for all Star Trek fans and those interested in good  cinema in general.
B00004SPYJ|5.0|Franco Zeffirelli + Nino Rota + Olivia Hussey = the most wonderful love stoty in the world.  Olivia Hussey was 17 years old. It was her first film. She's a wonderful actress: talented and very-very beautiful. Nino Rota (La  Strad, Godfather) wrote the score. Music of Romeo and Juliet the most  beautiful film-score. Zeffirelli made beautiful films. Every time: BROTHER  SUN-SISTER MOON, JESUS OF NAZARETH or Jane Eyre. He's a great director.  Really italien director. And: Olivia, szeretlek!
B000002WYT|5.0|Awesome, how can you go wrong with sax, drums, violin, guitar, and an awesome voice!
B00004SCX6|1.0|It's amazing to me how many people wrote good reviews on this no-talent girl. Most of the songs on this cd sound EXACTLY THE SAME. Plus, they're not even that good. The re-make of &quot;I Can't Get No Satisfaction&quot;  is horrible. Devo did a better job covering that song. She CANNOT sing!  There are much better pop cds out there to invest in. Why waste time with  Britney Spears when she has no talent and she'll disappear in another year  anyway? Just like Hanson and the Spice Girls, three years from now we'll  read about Britney Spears in the &quot;Where Are They Now?&quot; section of  People Magazine.
0812548094|5.0|That is a good thing. I just finished,not ten minutes ago, reading this book. The only bad things I have to to say is that My eyes hurt from reading so long. I started this book a week ago after reading the first in  the series. Sunday morning I decided to read one chapter before I'd take a  shower, soon that one chapter turned to two , then to three, then four.  Before I could grasp what happend It was 12:31 monday morning. I am now  going to take my shower and some advil because not once, while I was  reading this 982pg. book, could I pull myself away from it to find my  reading glasses which help me from getting headaches when I read for long  times.<br />     I would suggest this book to anyone who loves a good story.  Don't let the book's size scare you away from reading it. the story is so  gripping that you will be done with in the time it took you to read 100pgs  of a book assigned to you in highschool. But a warning to those who read  this book; you will lose all sence of time and knowledge of what is going  on around you.<br />    This book also did another thing to me besides taking  my day away. It restored my trust in the fantasy genre which had been take  away by a number of bad Fantasies I have come across resently.
B000009EUM|5.0|I bought this tape when I was 14 and played it until it broke.  Loved it.  Still do.  I finally re-added it to my CD collection last year and love it now as much as I did then.  Definitely an overlooked classic!
B000005RMY|5.0|I remember when this compilation was released I was ecstatic about finally having all their early vinyl on one CD. As some reviewers here mentioned, there is a lot more early material  available on B-sides from the FALAA era and of course the Body And Soul EP, but  this has all the official releases before their first album and said EP. I regard this  era as their best, with classic goth anthems such as \\"Alice\\" and  \\"Temple Of Love\\", \\"Gimme Shelter\\", \\"Body  Electric\\", \\"Floorshow\\" (the list goes on...), and my  favourite EP, \\"Reptile House\\" featuring the dark, slow,  passionate numbers \\"Fix\\" and \\"Valentine\\". This is  memory lane (early eighties), GOOD memories, emotional stuff! The Sisters  of Mercy represent the part of \\"goth\\" I choose to remember,  timeless music that still sells by the truckload, and for good reason. This  compilation is a must, together with the albums \\"First, Last And  Always\\" and \\"Floodland\\".
B00004TL21|5.0|This is a very cool cd that I think every Deftones fan should have. It has some of the coolest beats and mixes and just rocks! Especially the song &quot;Change&quot;. I love that song. Check it out.
B00003CX9Q|5.0|This is the one where Spielberg pays tribute to his friend Lucas(notice the Star Wars toys in Elliot's room!).I swear that this is the same neighborhood that Poltergeist was filmed(I could be wrong of course).Cute  little Drew Barrymore is great, and bicycle flying sequence with John  William's score is awesome.There was a scene that was cut involving Elliot  having to go before the principal of the school(principal was played by  Harrison Ford).
1573226521|3.0|I was expecting more. I read this book after seeing the movie so I could fill in all the plot holes, and while it did it's job, I can't help but say I was a little disappointed by the whole thing... It's not a horrible book,  and you wont hate yourself for having read it (like american psycho) but  dont tackle each other to buy it
0440213525|5.0|I thought this was by far the best John Grisham book although all of them are good.  I highly recommend this book.  I love the character Mark Sway.  Suspense at its very best.
B00004RE7C|5.0|I know that I will probably catch a lot of flack for putting this one above Trek II, but I can't help it! Trek III is better than Wrath of Kahn. The idea of the good of the one which was done many times in the original  series comes to bear on the big screen so well.      The opening prologue  is very moving, and there are enough key sequences in justifying this one  as better than its distinguished predecessor. For example, the stealing of  the Enterprise is priceless. The self-destruct sequence is  powerful.(Trivia:The same self-destruct sequence ,which was almost  word-for-word, was done in an original episode titled &quot;Let That be  Your Last Battlefield&quot;.) Amusing sequence with Bones in &quot;Star  Wars&quot; like cantina is great(&quot;Where is the logic in offering me a  ride home, if I needed a ride home would I be trying to charter a space  flight?&quot;)Dame Judith Anderson lends her talent as a Vulcan high  Priestess and I love the moment where Sarek proclaims &quot;Forgive me, but  my logic is uncertain where my son is concerned.&quot;Christopher Lloyd  also steals the show as the Klingon commander Kruge.This is the best of the  odd-numbered films truly.
630441403X|5.0|I never cry at the movies, but this one got me.  This was not a story about alcoholism or the desperation of a young woman.  It was a sad and touching movie about two lost people who needed each other, and found the  real thing.  It moved me not because the movie was depressing, but because  the love between Ben and Sera is something very few people will ever  experience.
0385470819|5.0|I am a big John Grisham fan and thought his early books like these are really wonderful and fun to read.  They will keep you moving those pages.
6305609721|5.0|Sit back and just enjoy the ride!This Trek is so much fun I have talked to non-followers of Trek and they love this one!I can see why.Best scene is in hospital with Dr. McCoy and 20th century medicine(&quot;My God man,  drilling holes in his head is not the answer!&quot;).Spock trying to fit in  by cursing is by far the funniest comic relief in any trek(&quot;Admiral,  the use of language has altered since our arrival.&quot;)      One of the  other things that I like about this Trek vehicle is the excellent  continuity.It is a bonafide sequel to Trek III-Search For Spock.Nothing is  forgotten. Kirk and company still have to return to earth and face court  martial for violations of Starfleet regulations.Whale special effects are  incredible as well.Kudos to Nimoy for an outstanding directorial effort.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Tim Burton, Danny Elfman, Johnny Depp, Christina Ricci, Christopher Walken, Ray Park...how is it possible to go wrong here? :) One of the best movies ever--great plot, great characters, great villain, great SFX, great  gore, great music, great everything else. If you are a fan of horror or  fantasy, you'll kick yourself if you miss this.
0671042858|4.0|This is another one of King's books that is a departure from the horror/supernatural vein that he usually writes in, however, in my opinion this does not at all detract from the suspense and excitement one feels  while reading it. It follows the story of a nine year old girl who gets  separated from her Mother and brother while hiking in maine. King does an  excellent job of getting inside the head of a very young girl, thus proving  again how good his imagination is. The reader is with her every step of the  way as she tries to determine with her limited knowledge, what she should  do and where she should go to find her way back to civilization. Only once  or twice did I question that a real nine year old would think of some of  the things that she did. Early into the book the reader knows the girl is  being stalked by something or someone, and seeing how this is a King novel  it could go either way. Eventually the title charater realizes that she is  being watched and followed, and that is when the fear of being lost becomes  secondary to the greater fear of being caught.This is a fairly short book  for King but a very satisfying one which I enjoyed.
6305910103|4.0|This Trek vehicle came out the same summer as E.T., Poltergeist, Rocky III, and Tron(What a summer for movies!)Spock dies in this one.I remember that I did not know the outcome as I watched it unfold, and I got  teary-eyed as Spock gave the Vulcan hand sign to Kirk behind the glass with  the Alexander Courage theme playing in the background!      A complaint  might be(and this is really trivial) that effects from TMP were used in  this one(drydock sequences,models reused), but why carp?(read my review on  Trek V-believe me effects are not that important, I merely point this out  because I am seeing all angles).This film, like Trek IV, is a lot of  fun.There are moments that take you back to the series(just Ricardo  Montalban coming back as Khan is enough!)such as the exchanges between  Bones and Spock.James Horner's score is exciting(a better musical score  than Goldsmith's TMP).All-in-all a fast-paced exciting entry in the series,  but sequel is better!
B00004U5SC|5.0|I ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT THE JOEY WAS PLAYED BY  JAN MICHAEL VINCENT!
6304509154|5.0|Never before, has there been a film like this. It is in a category all its own. It is not the teenage slash-em-up which was so popular at the time.I wonder why Jerry Goldsmith did the score and not John Williams(perhaps  because he was so busy writing the score for E.T.--both these films were  released the same summer).Jobeth Williams and Craig T. Nelson are fun to  watch as the parents. Effects are incredible.Scary Spielberg flick.
B00004U5SC|5.0|I ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT THE JOEY WAS PLAYED BY  JAN MICHAEL VINCENT!
B00003CXCT|5.0|It took 5 years before they released this to Beta and Vhs. I can see why. Lucas wanted to milk this as much as possible on the big screen. I saw it on the big screen in 1977 when I was 8, I saw it again in 1979 when it was  re-released. I saw it in 1981 when it was re-released again!That gives you  an indication about how extradordinary this film is.      People just kept  coming back for more.It was like a roller-coaster ride. You had to get back  on for more!It defined a generation.It was like the hula-hoop of the  1970s.2001:A Space Odyssey had changed the way audiences looked at Sci-Fi  as far as effects, and Star Wars had carried the torch lit by Stanley  Kubrick and Arthur C. Clarke.      I can still remember that awesome  opening when the little blockade runner whizzes passed the screen and then  here comes the ultimate weapon of the EMPIRE----THE STAR DESTROYER!This was  a cinema experience of the 1970s that I can say I experienced as it was  happening for the first time. I am glad I got to exeprience this one on the  big screen for the first time in its virgin run in 1977!I have since seen  this one remastered for re-release in theatres, remastered digitally for  VHS, THX remastered for VHS, and finally THX remasterd in a Special Edition  format with CG scenes added and outtakes put back in(God, do I feel old!).
0446605409|5.0|This is my first DeMille book, but it won't be my last.  I just loved John Corey.  This was a first-person novel in the tradition of Dean Koontz's FEAR NOTHING, which I also recomend.  PLUM ISLAND had all the  humor anyone could ask for, a little romance, and an excellent chase scene  with boats during a hurricane.  Try to guess who-dunit.  You'll have a  good time with this book, I guarantee!
630157401X|5.0|Nazis, Jones, religious artifacts, desert chase, Sallah, Marcus Brody,(SOUNDS FAMILIAR). This was a thrill back not only to the b serials of the 30s and 40s but a thrill back to RAIDERS!  Cliffhanger all the way  which has Indiana searching for the Holy Grail(watch closely for scene  where Indy is reminded of other biblical quest as he manuevers through the  sewers of Venice!).Great fun!
B00004TFK3|5.0|(The rating applies to the film, not the dvd. For some reason I can't post a rev without setting a rating.)<br />MiB finally arrives on DVD, we can hardly wait. But it comes in qute strange variants, at least if the tech  info is accurate. There's a DTS edition, coming on 1 disk, widescreen only.  Then this &quot;collectors'&quot; on two disks, widescreen+standard, and  packed with other stuff. But the sound is described as DD(2.0). That's  ridiculous, why can't they issue a DD(5.1)variant?
B000002JS6|5.0|This is pure rock &amp; roll.  Every song rocks.  What I have always liked about ACDC is their recognizable sound &amp; rythem in their songs..  This is what makes them great.  You can always groove to the beat with them  because they always have one.  The only other band I put in their league  for rythem &amp; beat &amp; recogizability is ZZ Top.  It is so hard to  pick a favorite song on this album but for me, I think it is Shake a Leg.   This is a must have for any Rock lover.  I have always used this album,  then tape, then CD to get up for participating in sporting events.  It gets  your blood pumping.  ENJOY!
B000001EMW|5.0|Take the music of Metallica.  Definitely something to be impressed by in the first place, Metallica has created some of the best songs ever made.  Now take four cello players from Finland who play Metallica's music.  Does  it sound like it'll end up cheesy?  Yes.  Is it?  Definitely not.<br />From  the opening track, &quot;Enter Sandman,&quot; to the closing, &quot;Welcome  Home (Sanitarium),&quot; &quot;Plays Metallica by Four Cellos&quot; is an  excellent album.  The best song on the album is &quot;The Unforgiven,&quot;  which sounds so good on the cello, it's hard to believe.  These guys seem  to have a guitarish quality while playing their cellos.  The cellos  actually do sound like guitars at some points.  No matter what the critics  say, &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; will also be another one of my favorites  on this album, just because it sounded so close to the original and because  the ending is so damn cool, you can't help but say this, &quot;These guys  rock.&quot;<br />Apocalyptica is a group of four very talented cello players.   One listen and you'll become hooked.  This sounds even darker than  Metallica's own music with the absence of percussion on some of the songs.   This is an amazing album that's quite worth the money.
B00000J7S8|2.0|I try to like Ms. Krall, but for the life of me I just can't see what all the fuss is about.  To me she just seems rather boring. She's the kind of vocalist you'd find singing in the cocktail lounge of big hotel. When she  finished a number, people would clap politely and go back to their  conversations. If you're a &quot;smooth jazz&quot; fan, aka Easy Listening,  you'll love Ms. Krall.
0812550757|3.0|I LIKED THIS BOOK. HOWEVER I FEEL IT WAS NOT AS GOOD AS THE FRISTONE. THIS SEEMED MORE CLASSIC SI--FI. IT WAS STILL GOOD HOWEVER. AT FRIST I WAS GOING TO STOP READ IT BUT THEN I STUCK WITH AND I GLAD I DID.
B00004ST9Q|5.0|This video brought back such memories.  I give it 5 stars, and a firm 5 at that.  The crowning point, is the live version of Didn't We Almost Have It All....now thats a singer!
0812589041|4.0|MORMALLY I DONT READ SCEMICE FICTON BECAUSE IT BORES ME. HOWEVER THIS BOOK WAS GREAT. I REALLY GT INTO IT YOU REALLY FELT THAT YOU WHERE THEIR WITH ENDER. I FELT SO SAD FOR HIM DEURING PARTS. JUST SO EVERYONE KNOWS OI LIKE  TO SAY THAT A FLIM VERSION IS BEING MADE STARING JAKE LLOYD. HOWEVER  BECAUSE JAKE IS 11 THE AGE OF ENDER IS BEMING CHANGED TO NINE. I FEEL THIS  TAKES AWAY SO OF THE STORYS POWER.
B000002TYX|4.0|The Beatles' Anthology 1 is not a greatest hits collection, let me get that out of the way right now, the essence of Anthology is that you basically have a front row seat in the beatles' story of going from a rag  tag boy band sensation to the greatest artists in rock music.  Anthology 1  is not ear candy, but it shows the Beatles's on their way to success with  some pretty good live performances.  Free As a Bird is also quite a good  song, if you're a beatles fan, you'll love this record, if you're just  getting into the Beatles, go with 1962-1966 and 1967-1970, those are their  greatest hits collections and are great ones at that.  A1 is good, but for  diehards only.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is a DVD which needs to be in all collections. The story is very clever and has a great ending.  The special FX are some of the best I have seen to date, and the 2nd disc with extra features on is very interesting.  The director and cast have done a great job of recreating the novel and the  transfer to DVD is one of the best yet. Great movie! Great disc! Buy it!
B000002UB3|5.0|If you are a serious music fan and Abbey Road is not in your record collection, you're missing out on one of the greatest albums of all time.  Abbey Road was the Beatles' swan song, an album that flows better than any  of their others, with songs about love, money, ordinary people, and most of  all, about saying goodbye.  If Sgt Pepper was their most groundbreaking,  Abbey Road is their best work.  All four Beatles contribute amazing songs,  and The End captures all of beatlemania from its hectic beginning to its  sudden end in 2 minutes of emotion.  Powerful record, one of my favorites,  buy it now, put it in the cd player, and press play.
B000028U0Y|5.0|It's an appreciative audience and a loose Johnny Cash that makes this CD so wonderful. He totally connects with this crowd of inmates and the songs are so funny, sad, and basically, they are a mix of country and blues that  is completely missing today. You should get this album.
B000003TAW|5.0|I only give 5 stars to albums that are really worth it, and that doesn't happen often, Weezer is one of the greatest albums of the past decade and deserves the 5 stars.  This album has never been far from my CD player  since I bought the CD in 1994, it never gets old.  The album flows  beautifully and each and every song is worth listening to.  Indie rock at  it's best, this album still blows me away.  If you're an alt/indie rock  fan, you need this album in your collection, and if you're a pop fan,  Weezer is true ear candy with meaning.  It's worth every star available and  then some
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana has evolved in the last 30 years to be one of todays supernatural musical superstars.<br />His acceptance by all ages is a testimony to his timelessness. The way he consults with rock to hip hop artists is a  watershed in musical memories.<br />Speaking of memories, my husband and I  were in a tiny cafe at the top of Santarinni, Greece a few years back. Out  of nowhere, the exotic sounds of our wedding song, &quot;Europa&quot;,  began to fill the air &amp; we danced.....oh, how we danced to the applause  of smiling visitors &amp; Grecians alike.<br />Santana is a master &amp;  &quot;Supernatural&quot; is masterfully done.<br />if you find my comments  interesting, please click the &quot;yes&quot;--thanks--CDS
B000025APX|5.0|This CD is a total assault upon your senses.  The music is simply incredible.  I actually felt the urge to strap a broadsword on my back, pick up my shield, and go ransack some villages.  The only problem i found  was the vocals.  They were a little too high at times, and started to get  on my nerves occasionally.  Overall, however, this was an excellent album.   Every metal fan should have this in their collection.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This second effort by Creed certainly took me higher. And not just because they are a Florida band. Hey, I do not care if it IS about Heaven or Christianity. If the music moves me, if the rhythms make me close my eyes,  if the gritty vocals wrap me in a thrust deep within my soul, I will enjoy  &amp; recommend it. <br />Sexy &amp; soulful...&quot;Human Clay&quot;....hear  it &amp; be molded into Creed's dreamery.<br />if you find my comments  interesting, please click the &quot;yes&quot;--thanks--CDS
B000002IZ4|5.0|i have the tape and it has some good rock tunes on it. superman and silvergun is a good song. unglued is a good song also. stone temple pilots hit it big with purple.
0792844882|5.0|Everyone is quick to pounce upon Showgirls for being poorly acted and campy...but I say, raise your glasses to both Paul Verhoeven, for being a fearless director, unlike most of the spineless cowards in the industry  today...And Joe Eszterhas, in my opinion, you deserve an Oscar, sir for  being so bold as to write a story about a lap dancer! My God, look at the  current remake of &quot;Shaft&quot; The producers/director were afraid of  nudity and scenes of sexuality?  Cmon now, this is &quot;Shaft&quot; not  Walt Disney's Bambi! Are they afraid to ruin the virgin eyes/ears of film  fans? What in the devil's name is going on here? This is an &quot;R&quot;  rated film for goodness sakes! No such fear in Showgirls...Elizabeth  Berkley plays &quot;Nomi&quot; to the hilt, without apology, or underwear  for that matter, as she bares all, and we dont just mean her soul. The  scene at the pool is worth the price of the DVD, and Kudos to Miss Berkley  for showing the world how a sex scene should be shot! Did anyone waste  their time on &quot;Entrapment&quot;? Catherine Zeta Jones, hiding in  shadows, as if she needs to not be scene nude in order to preserve her  pureness? A sex scene that could have been shot on the set of Mr. Roger's  Neighborhood....madness I say....if entrapment had half the intestinal  fortitude of &quot;Showgirls&quot; I guarantee that the box office, and  DVD/video sales would have tripled! We see all the flash of Vegas, from the  seedy &quot;Cheetas&quot; strip scenes to backstage at a broadway like  musical. Berkley is brilliant, and plays Nomi without apology. Zeta-Jones  should take a cue, and fear her body and sexuality less. A movie without  inhibition, incredibly sexy/sensual, and an interesting little story about  a girl who claws her way, and sleeps her way to the top...how  unHollywood-like!
B00004TH83|5.0|After hearing the wonderful &quot;I will love again&quot; I rushed out and bought this cd. I am so glad that I did! I would not lie to anyone......this cd is the best one i have. Every single song on her cd is  awesome, how many cds can you really say that about? Her cd is filled with  3 upbeat songs, many slower songs that give you goose bumps because her  voice is so beauiful and a few ones that show off her powerful voice. I  would recomend this cd to people who enjoy good music, beauiful voices and  well written lyrics. She also writes many of the songs on the cd which I  think is pretty cool. So go and get this cd! You will love it!
B000002IJA|5.0|WHO MADE WHO, FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK, HELLS BELLS, SHAKE YOUR FOUNDATIONS, YOU SHOOK ME ALL NIGHT LONG! Every one is a classic, must have for any Ac/Dc fan. If You Like This Also Check Out &quot;AC/DC : The Razors  Edge&quot;!
6305892946|4.0|Director Wes Craven succeeds in ending the Scream trilogy with a strong plot that is both comical and thrilling.The movie is thought-prevoking (can you believe that's possible in a horror flick?), and very funny, thanks to  a great comical performance by Parker Posey. Neve Cambell returns as the  long terrorized Sydney who returns to civilization when she learns the  killer is back.The movie-within-a- movie &quot;Stab&quot; also plays out in  Scream 3, killing off cast member by cast member.The movie is directed at  the teen audience, but would entertain an adult just as well.The film is in  no way like &quot;I Still Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, which was  plain horrible. It is entertaining and will keep you wondering, &quot;Who  done it?&quot;.You truly won't know who the killer is until he unveils  himself.I recommend the movie: If you enjoyed either of the first two,  you'll love this one. It is by far the best, and has the strongest, most  creative plot. MMS05
B00004S8Q9|4.0|Thank goodness this album finally got released! This is the &quot;lost&quot; Badlands album, recorded in 1992 before the band split up.  Ray Gillen's voice is very powerful, truly one of rock's underrated  singers. The rhythm section of Greg Chaisson and Jeff Martin are slammin'  and Jake E. Lee retains his guitar-god status. The album is more  &quot;unproduced&quot; than their two previous releases, almost to the  point of sounding like expensive demos. The overall feel is darker, much  like their self-titled debut. The songs are very riff-oriented with no  other outside instruments and very few overdubs. Two of these songs were  performed by Jake's project Wicked Alliance on their 1994 tour. &quot;Sun  Red Sun&quot; and &quot;Walking Attitude&quot; sound alot fuller(and better  vocally in case you heard Wicked Alliance 'singer' Mandy Lion!) &quot;The  River&quot; was later released on Greg Chaisson's solo album with  additional lyrics. &quot;Lord Knows&quot; was played on Badlands first tour  but for whatever reason didn't make it on CD until now. The real prize is  getting to hear Jake's playing; full of fire,passion, and enough tone to  make up for all the albums that didn't have it in the 90's. Since Gillen  passed away in 1993, we won't see a Badlands reunion. That's unfortunate,  after hearing what they still had in 'em!
6304925131|5.0|Upon renting &quot;The Rainmaker&quot;, I had numerous doubts concerning if I would enjoy the film. I new Mr. Damon had strong acting talents that will lead him many more years, but the film looked, well, boring. I had  never taken the time to read the novel, but I was well aware of its  success.During the film, I could not take my eyes off the screen. &quot;The  Rainmaker&quot; is an excellent film and casted superbly. Danny Devito did  a wonderful job as Mr. Damon's partner who just can't pass the Bar Exam.  After watching the movie you can't imagine who else would have played his  part. It is an extremely gratifying movie that is both creative and  heart-aching. I recommend &quot;The Rainmaker&quot; as one of the strongest  films of 1997.
B00004UEDQ|4.0|In the hands of an unsympathetic director and an ego-crazed star, &quot;28 Days&quot; could have turned into an uninspired vehicle for award season.<br />In the hands of director Betty Thomas and star Sandra Bullock,  &quot;28 Days&quot; is a masterful work of brutal honesty and bittersweet  comedy that never loses it's dramatic edge.  Bullock plays Gwen Cummings, a  party animal like no other.  Her wild antics spoil her sister's (Elizabeth  Perkins) wedding, not to mention causing a nice family the hassle of  rebuilding their front porch.<br />She is sentenced to 28 days in Serenity  Glen, a sort of new wave rehabilitation clinic.  The rest of the story  should be experienced on screen as we see Gwen struggle from denial to  opposition to acceptance and finally to a slow healing.  She can't promise  us, or herself for that matter, that her recovery will be swift.  What she  does do is take one day at a time and fight one battle at a time...a lesson  that all of us can apply to our every day lives.<br />Sandra Bullock gives the  absolute best performance of her career.  She will make you laugh and she  will make you cry, but what she does best is make you think and feel even  if the thoughts and emotions are unwanted.  She is absolutely flawless in  this film.  Further kudos should go to Betty Thomas for her edgy direction  and screenwriter Susannah Grant (&quot;Erin Brockovich&quot;) for hitting  another one out of the park.
B00003CWRX|5.0|I expected a 'liberal' movie droning on about the evil of tobacco but instead I got an excellent portrayal of a human being under pressure. In the final analysis the movie seems to be condemning Sixty Minutes more than  it does the tobacco giants. The logic being that we all know tobacco is bad  but we think we have a free press. Watch it and enjoy a well made movie!
B00004TL21|5.0|The White POny, the follow-up the third album from the Deftones is perhaps their best yet. They might be accused of &quot;selling-out&quot;, but this statement couldn't be further from the truth,the Deftones are evolving,they  are expanding their horizons and reaching new levels of greatness, without  the need of extreme &quot;headbanging&quot;. This album will take you on a  ride,form the first track &quot;Feiticeira&quot; which starts off kinda  like the way &quot;bored&quot; opened up for their first album  &quot;Adrenaline&quot;,then comes digital bath......not that good,but nice.  Now comes the only &quot;hard&quot; or &quot;heavy&quot; song in the  album...ELITE,and it rocks like few other deftones songs do!  If you're  more into the deftones' edgier harder songs,then you wont find many  here...but this album is still a gem,specially the beautiful track 9:  &quot;passenger&quot; with Maynard James Keenan from Tool/A perfect  circle,his voice and Chino's gives you goosebumps,if you have never heard  Maynard's voice,then you're missing the most beautiful voice in the music  industry. All in all,this album will be in my cd changer for years to  come,and it might just give the deftones that boost up the popularity  scale.
B000003NA4|5.0|Diana Krall is my favorite contemporary jazz musician. I can't say enough good things about her. Her piano playing is impeccable, her voice sultry and alluring, and her music so soothing and involving. I love this album  and play it constantly. Once you listen to this album, you'll want all her  CDs just like I did! I love the ambiance on this recording. The better the  audio system you have, the better this recording sounds. It gives an  intimate and detailed rendition of Diana's wonderful voice. I've heard her  in person and she's even better live, if you can believe that. After the  concert, I overheard a gentleman saying, &quot;Wow! She can sing for me  anytime.&quot; This is a perfect album to show off your stereo, relax to,  or enjoy a romantic dinner with. I give &quot;Love Scenes&quot; my highest  recommendation as a music lover!
0788816454|5.0|This is my kind of movie, at has all the stuff i like. It has wrestling football and comedy. I think the best part is when he power bombs the other guy on the field, i thought that was the best part. I also like the  football hits on the movie. I think this a funny movie, so buy is here at  Amazon!
0790729628|5.0|Altough upon first viewing of this film, I had been more than frustrated. I had been furious at the film's complete lack of direction and motivation for narrative. After viewing it another four times, trying to break into  the story as much as possible, I realized that trying to do so was futile.  It is not the kind of movie you need to totally understand to appreciate.  Ridley Scott has created some of the most ground-breaking and all out  arresting images in the history of film. It is so very dark, gloomy, and  colorful. Mixing the rainy weather with the bright flourescent lights give  it a unique, nightmarish touch. It has a slower, more restrained tone in  its approach, but when the movie is over, it was very effective. The movie  was advertised all wrong. The director's cut is a movie for the eyes and  for the experience. It is not an all out adventure. I don't think that  there is a bit of action until the very end, with a view jolts here or  there that are scattered throughout the movie. I think that is why I was  initially dissapointed. I was hoping to see an action movie with thrills at  every corner. This is definitly not that movie. This movie is hard for me  to reccomend, because I know alot of people out there will not appreciate  it. This movie is for sci-fi or art house fans. It is a movie that requires  extreme patience and concentration. To alot of people, it will be one giant  mystery. To others, it will be pure magic.
6305291489|5.0|This movie is absolutely my favorite movie in the world! It's romantic, funny, and so sweet. The actors and actresses are awesome. Lindsay Lohan is wonderful; she plays the roles of the twins (Annie and Hallie) who try to  get their parents back together. Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson play  Annie and Hallie's divorced parents (Nick and Liz) who still have feelings  for each other. Elaine Hendrix plays the role of Nick's fiancee (evil  Meredith Blake). Ronnie Stevens (Grandfather), Lisa Ann Walter (Chessy) and  Simon Kunz (Martin) lovingly help the twins with their plan to get their  parents back together. This remake of The Parent Trap is way better than  the original. Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson (Nick and Liz) are more  romantic than the couple in the original Parent Trap. You can see the  sparks in Nick and Elizabeth's eyes. Quaid and Richardson make a really  cute/nice couple in this movie. Simon Kunz is definitely the best  supporting actor and Lisa Ann Walter is definitely the best supporting  actress in the world; they are so cute together in this movie, too. I  seriously can't watch enough of The Parent Trap (1998). I've watched it  more than 100 times. If you ask me, I think the best part of the movie is  the last 30 minutes of it; this is where things start getting really sweet.
0136879721|5.0|God bless Joseph Murphy's soul into infinity. I would give this book 10 stars if that were possible. I first read it two years ago and it set me off on an incredible journey of self-discovery and self-improvement. It is  immensely therapeutic in cleaning cobwebs from the mind. I have reread it  twice since and also read about 5 other books by Murphy. I would recommend  this as the very best title in the entire field of self-improvement. A  similar author whose work has also helped me, is Frederick Bailes. Then  move on to Louise L Hay, John Price, Stuart Wilde.
B000002UDB|5.0|I bought this album recently with low expectations and was pleasantly surprised. It is not an album in the normal sense, as it is not a concept like Sgt Pepper, rather an eclectic collection based on the film which has  only five songs, and fleshed out with singles released around the same  period.<br /><br />Nevertheless, this is a very strong collection of songs 6 of  which reached no 1 in the UK, a claim that few other albums in history can  match. Two of the 6 were double A sides Strawberry Fields/Penny Lane and  Hello Goodbye/I am the walrus.<br /><br />Strawberry Fields Forever and Penny Lane  were originally intended for the Sgt Pepper album, until the Beatles  manager decided they needed to release a single, so these were taken off  the album. Strawberry Fields Forever is a classic song featuring the big  production treatment with strings, with that classic introduction, a  different buildup on each verse, a sort of consciousness enhancing mind  expanding song taking you places you have never been before. Penny Lane is  one of McCartney's most sophisticated melodies, his answer to John's  reminiscences about his Liverpool childhood.<br /><br />I am the Walrus is  essentially a stream of consciousness piece, with diverse visual word  imagery which as a piece of poetry is probably Lennon's best, but also his  most disturbing.  The intro is a very strong piece of music.  Hello Goodbye  is a catchy McCartney tune based around a word association one person  positive the other negative...you say stop! I say go, go, go!<br /><br />All you  need is love is the great anthem of The Beatles, and the 60's written  specially for the first worldwide satellite broadcast.<br /><br />Fool on the Hill  is a great song featuring Mc Cartney on piano and multi track recorders,  and Your mother should know which harks back to an earlier era is also  good. Blue Jay Way is like a mantra that seeps into your consciousness in a  very pleasant way. The other songs are so so but listenable.  I don't think  you'll be disappointed in this album. All in all, strongly recommended.pointed in this album. All in all, strongly recommended.
B000002VQQ|5.0|This was my first encounter with rock as poetry(well, perhaps barring some Rolling Stones songs) and it changed me forever. The ominous Gloria, the lilting reggae of the sad Redondo Beach, the evocative surrealism of  Kimberly and the violently erotic title track inspired me to write poetry  and the success I have achieved is entirely due to Patricia. I'm not crazy  about each &amp; every track but they all have great worth and Horses will  forever stand as a monument to the best in rock music. Excepting Horses  (title track), the three I have mentioned are quite accessible and hummable  to the mainstream (as opposed to Art Rock) fan. Aaah and she looks so  confrontationally butch on the cover.
B00003CWOL|2.0|I liked the idea of Angels falling out with each other etc, but I found the film to be extremely patronising as it wore on.  I think the film needed more mystery - instead we had Chris Rock and Salma Hayek explaining  a muddled version of what we should be believing in. It did make me laugh  (Rock espec), but Matt Damon seems to be empty, and unlikeable. It got very  cheesy in the closing seqence too. Worth seeing for the Hayek stripping  scene.
B00003Q438|4.0|This is a wonderful movie created by James Cameron (Titanic). You may have seen an under-water film before, but never this good. Special effects won an Oscar; and boy did they deserve it! A great show about a petroleum crew  on a top-secret mission to find out why a sub mysteriously crashed on the  ocean floor...A bit slow at times, and predictable, too. But the acting and  effects make up for it! Worth viewing!
B00003CXDV|4.0|Do you have to be a sci-fi fan to enjoy this movie? Absolutely not! Actually, it might make the movie funnier if you hate the sci-fi genre. \\"Galaxy Quest\\" takes one of the weirdest phenomenon's in the last twenty  years, that of the Trekkie and the hugely popular Trekkie Conventions, and  plays it for all it's worth. <br />Tim Allen plays Jason Nesmith, and out of  work former star of a long since cancelled television show called \\"Galaxy  Quest\\". He and his fellow co-stars spend their time going form town to town  appearing at conventions and department store Grand Openings in character.  While all of the other cast members loathe the obvious stereotypes they  have associated with, Nesmith relishes his role of Commander Taggert, the  swashbuckling William Shatner-esque leader of the NSEA Protector.  Overhearing a restroom conversation, Nesmith learns exactly how his fellow  cast members really feel about him, and the ridiculous role he plays day in  and day out.<br />Now, enter the Thermians, an advanced alien race, which has  somehow intercepted transmissions of the \\"Galaxy Quest\\" television show.  Searching for a cultural direction, the Thermian people have modeled their  society after the \\"Historical Documents\\" featuring Jason Nesmith and his  crew. The Thermian leader, Mathesar, comes to earth to convince the  courageous Commander Taggert to come back with them and fight their dreaded  enemy Sarris (and evil green creature bent on the destruction of the  Thermians). Nesmith unwittingly accepts the challenge thinking it is  another convention type gag, and what follows is a hilarious romp through  outer space where every Star trek law is enforced with side splitting  results:  1. The cast member with no last name always dies in the first  fifteen minutes 2. The beautiful female lead has no real job aboard the  ship 3. The captain always takes his shirt off at least once every episode  4. The hero always saves the day with one second to spare. <br />Galaxy Questis well written and well acted by a great cast. Alan Rickman is hilarious  as the frustrated thespian stuck under layers of make-up. Sigourney Weaver  as the buxom blonde without a hair out of place. Tony Shaloub as the laid  back engineer. Daryl Mitchell plays the former child actor still milking  his one starring role. But I think Sam Rockwell steals some of the funniest  scenes as Guy Fleegman. Guy once played crewman #6 in one episode of the  show, and spends his time trying to horn in on the gangs convention  popularity.<br />All in all, this is a terrific movie, and one worth owning.  If you're worried about missing some of the subtle jokes because you are  not a Star Trek fan, don't worry, because the jokes aren't that subtle.
6305718903|2.0|I really liked the premise of this film (that religion should dwell in the individual instead of a church) but overall, this film is a mess. I had a headache by the time it was over after endless scenes of dripping water,  people running out into traffic, car crashes and thundering doves flying  over the place. The movie is extremely noisy and violent and yet when the  characters are speaking, you can't hear them! Not recommended unless you  enjoy seeing entire film sets destroyed with LOTS of noise.
B00002E233|5.0|This story sure beats JAWS in many ways. although in a few shots the sharks look pathetic compared to the dinos of JURASSIC PARK, i love sharks so i don't care that much. the story is about Suzanne McAlester who is out  to save the world with a solution that can cure Alzihmers. You should  definately see this film if not buy it straight away. just a shame about  the cheap packaging!
B000002NHN|1.0|This album isn't as good as The Mask and Mirror. Through repeated hearings, the listener notices that not much progress has been made since TMAM. The Book of Secrets sounds more like a roughdraft of McKennitt's  previous outing than a release of all-new material... it's not as diverse  and often monotonous. 1 out of 5 stars.
6305232660|5.0|As a huge fan and collector of disaster films, the movie, Deep Impact is one of the best of its kind as evidenced by its unique delivery.  With the help of our present day technology, the movie stirs a lot of emotions that  is deeply moving and believable.  Like always, Steven Spielberg did an  excellent job in this arena of real life images and special effects.<br />In  appreciation of the story itself, the movie has dual elements to describe  this kind of disaster.  It has the physical reality and the emotional side.   That's what the movie title is all about.  What does the physical reality  of an earth disaster have an impact to humanity?  The comet's strike  towards earth in this movie created a deep scar on its surface with the  impact that is so immensely great and made believable with this day and age  of cinematic technology.  There are a lot of imagery and camera tricks that  were put in by the producers that are so overwhelming to the audience. The  entrance of the comet through the earth's atmosphere, the mushroom cloud  that sifts during impact, the sudden change in weather, the emergence of  tidal waves that spread outward from the core of the impact and the  destruction of cities and inland are all wonderfully portrayed.  The  sequence of these events is just so precise.<br />The other side of the movie  is the emotional element.  This is where the inner beauty of the movie  comes in.  The dramatization is well-directed and well-casted with real  life characters.  The character set is one that I describe as not too well  known to the public with a notable exception of Morgan Freeman, who played  the perfect role as US President.  Freeman has this leading edge and  persona to play this special public figure which he did so excellent.  His  character in this movie puts the viewers into the real situation that later  nourishes and bonds us with hope through the experience of fear, trauma and  preparation.   Tia Leoni, who played the female lead, as the television  reporter as Jenny Lerner, is one of those unfamiliar faces who did so well  in this movie.  Vanessa Redgrave played the part as Jenny's troubled mother  who is coping through a divorce.  Her presence in this movie has  contributed a lot of this emotional impact between her troubled life and  the approaching disaster.  The family role models of Leo &amp; Sarah with  their parents are also a spotlight in this film.  They were happy neighbors  and united as one niche despite a sad separation at the end between their  parents and children. The part where Sarah's parents come to face death  with the approaching tidal wave while holding each other without panic is a  sad and tearful moment. The NASA astronaut crew headed by Robert Duvall  played the rescue mission to deflect the comet.  Duvall's presence also  made it so special, as his persona as an action star.  Lastly, the casting  of extras who devote their parts of running and screaming for their lives  are real people that catches our fearful attention.       <br />One thing I  have to comment is the superb musical score, which sustains the good  quality and delivery of this movie.  The musical quality I can describe is  again moving, which takes the audience into this real life situation of  accepting the facts of fear and uncertainty and how to overcome it with  hope.  <br />All in all, the dedication that is put into the making of and  delivery of the movie, Deep Impact is excellent.  The magnitude of this  movie is believable that can happen and is deeply moving.  It is indeed a  collector's item for those who are into disaster flicks.
B00004SCX6|4.0|This is a very good album.  The is a very catchy blend of many different influences.  Many of the tracks of the album have a mixture of ABBA, R&amp;B, and even New Wave. This album gives you a feel for her vocal  talent as well.  The track &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot;  ,written by Shania Twain and Mutt Lang, is a great song that I could see  Shania singing.  The material in this album is 5 times better than that of  her debut album ...Baby One More Time.  If she keeps growing as she has in  the past year, she will be around for a long time.
0375707972|4.0|The Reader is not about the Holocaust or Jews or the Nazis or the wars.  It's about love.<br />The life of young Michael Berg is changed forever when he fell into the arms of Hanna Schmitz, a woman more than a decade older  than himself.<br />When she left him, he withdrew into his own self, developed  a hardness in himself, presumably to protect himself from further hurt and  later compared all his other lovers to his first one, Hanna.<br />Just how  much of ourselves do we see in Michael?  How many of us are withholding  ourselves, immersing our senses into work to numb ourselves and to ease the  hurt that's ever ready to pounce on us when we let our guard down for just  a little?<br />Bernhard Schlink painted a dark picture of love went wrong; a  life whose happiness had been snatched away because one had closed himself  up for too long and avoided what his heart told him for fear of pain.<br />If  there's one thing to learn from The Reader, it's to face up to the hurt and  grow from it, which Michael had clearly failed.<br />Not a totally easy book  to read but the words therein contained a valuable lesson that we should  seek to understand.
B00004U8H4|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie, and I can't wait to purchse it on DVD.  Bale did a wonderful job, and Reese Witherspoon is usually solid playing her roles.  The movie is a bit different, but I being a big movie fan like to  see these types of things.  I think it will do really well when it is  available for rental.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead's 'OK Computer' is stunning.  It's a desolate, scary look at life, whether it be the future or the present.  But 'OK Computer' isn't about carnage and other terrifying images we think of when we discuss the  future.  It is a bleak look at society, and idea that culture and  civilization is more important than freedom and life.   This album takes  you into Thom Yorke's mind, and you experience the desolation and paranoia  he experiences.   Truly, 'OK Computer' is not for you sunshine and  bluebirds-pop lovers.  Radiohead has created a masterpiece, and I recommend  it to anyone who is willing to appreciate this remarkably dark album.
B00000JCOV|5.0|It's been a long time coming, this is the single heaviest albumI have heard since great southern trendkill by pantera. If any of you think that limp bizkit are the happening metal act, you need to be examined by a head shrinker. Slipknot is the best damn band out there now.  It makes those girly bands like flaccid crumpet look sorry. If you like  heavy, and melody, this is your cd, don't listen to those stupid retro  motley crue lovers, listen to someone who knows a little about the  way heavy should sound, buy it, trust me you'll listen to nothing else.
B000000I0H|5.0|This is difficult.<br />When a piece of music is so dear to you, it is very difficult to write an objective review.<br />Music like Mike's, I feel, is always a journey. It all relates back to those 70's concept albums that  many people ,now, find inaccessible. Yes this is a long, mainly  instrumental, album but captures every element of Mike's genius. Dynamic,  classical, ambient, melancholy. It is part of a class of music that was  allowed to be produced in the 70's. Some may call it self indulgent  meanderings. Is not music, by nature, a selfish thing?<br />On the  &quot;Essential Mike Oldfield&quot; video (1979) he explains that the  majority of the work is based on one chord, used mainly as an ascending  series of notes. I was astounded when I realised this. I could hear this  throughout the piece and it made it much more enjoyable to listen to. (The  pop version of this is &quot;Guilty!&quot;)<br />People call Mike a musical  magpie or whatever and compare this piece to Phillip Glass' works or any  other minimalists. I believe Mike creates a very unique and innocent style  of music. Ultimately this is a very melodic piece and yes it does involve  repetition but this proves to be hypnotic not boring (there's a fine line  for some people here). The use of arppegios in cycles, undulating bass  riffs, sparkling synth lines, muted, staccato strings underpinning the main  theme, like a never ending circle.<br />A journey that never ends.  Life.<br />Anyway, the closing part of side one is one of the greatest pieces  of music written by Mr. Oldfield. If you like the elements (passing of the  seasons, a roaring sea, autumn etc.) and you are a sensitive soul (hippy)  then lose yourself in Incantations and you will return feeling human again!
B00004T9UF|5.0|Okay ... here it goes: Back when his first album came out, I was not impressed with him at all.  &quot;My Name is ...&quot;?  Come on!  Then when this album came out, I swore to myself, that here was another album I  was going to avoid like the plague.  However, the catchy little tune:  &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; was (and is) a good song and I couldn't  deny it.  I liked it because it mirrored many of my own views, and while it  was at it's heart a fun song, it was also a very funny song, and since  there was no single -- except on vinyl, and I do not own a turntable (as of  yet) -- I decided to take the risk and buy the CD.  It turned out to be a  gamble that paid off in spades.  Every song on that CD is a gem.  And it  was actually it a pleasure to own it, haters be damned.  I'll admit I was  wrong about the guy -- or maybe I was right, but I had to accept him on his  own terms, and then and only then I would enjoy his music.  That's what  turned out to be the truth.  The guy definitely has talent.  I went out and  bought his first CD, and I'm even enjoying that quite a bit. I am a fan of  Eminem now, truth be told.  I know that my review is sort of jumbled up  here -- suffice it to say that I wanted to another review I read on here  and say that even if you are not a fan of Eminem, or Slim Shady, or  whatever the hell else he calls himself, it would be wise ot give him  another listen.  Even though he might be offensive on some issues, you  might find that you agree with some of the things he's saying on other  tracks.  I give this album an A+.
0375701427|5.0|&quot;American Pastoral&quot; is indeed a special book.  It displays none of the often unsettling preoccupation with sex that some of Roth's other books do.  This novel examines the rise and fall of a man with a life that  all his acquaintances thought was blessed--a start athlete and war hero,  who goes on successfully to run his father's glove factory.   A  non-religious Jew, he marries a pretty Catholic girl (the former Miss New  Jersey!), lives in a nice house, and has a pretty daughter, Merry--slips  comfortably, in other words, into mainstream America.<br />Merry grows up,  though, to be a sociopath, a fanatic, who as part of the general 60's  counterculture movement, commits a terrible act of violence, and has to go  into hiding...for the rest of her life.  Her act destroys the foundations  of Swede's world.  We watch him and those close to him slowly disintegrate,  emotionally and spiritually.  Their decline is not a decline in material  fortunes, but it is slow and gruelling nevertheless.  <br />Roth writes like  an angel.  Much of this book is expository, written in precise, evocative,  sometimes Faulkneresque, sometimes academic prose.  The characters are  vivid, immediate, and believable. This is also an idea book, though, and  often the ideas are left abstract...which isn't bad.  Roth doesn't try to  force answers where perhaps none exist.  <br />This book is truly a treat.
6305232660|3.0|...but then, we knew that before we opened the DVD case, didn't we?  Whereas Armageddon promises manly Bruce Willis and dreamy Ben Affleck in all of their sweaty, world-saving glory, Deep Impact has a different focus:  &quot;Hope Survives.&quot;<br />True, both stories (which released the same  year, probably to the chagrin of both) deal with a massive object hurtling  toward the earth and mankind's efforts to prevent a repeat of the  dinosaur-extincting smack of so long ago.  But &quot;Deep Impact,&quot; as  a title, may refer less to the single, devastating splash so heavily  featured in this film's promotions, than it refers to the impact one human  being can have on the life of another.  Between parents and children,  between mentors and wards, between governing and governed, between friends,  between lovers, and even between strangers, Deep Impact features some of  the most moving acts of selflessness in modern filmmaking.<br />For all its  emotional appeal, though, Deep Impact leaves me a little cold with certain  technical elements.  When we join the crew of the &quot;Messiah,&quot; the  souped-up space shuttle which challenges the incoming comet, I feel as  though we've entered a giant video game, where pretty colored CRT screens  count down the number of seconds remaining in the game, while tallying our  remaining strength and ammunition.  In fact, just about all of the  &quot;in-space&quot; scenes pale in comparison even to Armageddon (which  itself contained the most un-realistic space shuttle &quot;chase  scenes&quot; I've seen outside of the Star Wars genre).<br />I enjoyed  watching Deep Impact, and it does provide a moving story if you can get  past its almost-successful special effects.  I won't recommend this one for  purchase, however--the DVD contains none of the &quot;making-of&quot;  materials I like to see, and does not even offer subtitles.  Rent this one,  or if you're sure you want to own it, save yourself a few bucks and  purchase the VHS.
6303314015|5.0|This movie is a very wonderful masterpiece. It is Disney's best story. It's alot like Watership Down, only way better, because it's at the top of the food chain :) (plus it doesn't constantly talk about rabbit sex, blech,  those fans of WD are weird) about a family of intelligent lions that rule  the pride lands, and one screwy family member that is EVIL and has  different opinions on government, so he becomes homocidal on his own  brother. (sorry if i spelt anything wrong LOL) I found WD offensive, but  you'll find this movie wonderful.
B00003Q43A|5.0|I had Independence Day on Laserdisc, which was great. Now on DVD it is even better. On the one disc you can have either the orginial theatrical version or the special edition with the added footage. On the second disc  was the making of the movie, and the biplane ending. This is one of the  best movies I have  on DVD. The sound and picture was excellent.
6305897786|3.0|I was thrilled when I found out that Arturo Perez-Reverte's novel The Club Dumas was being made into a film....even happier that Polanski was directing it.  <br />This is (unfortunately) one of those cases where you  should read the book rather than see the film.  It's another example of the  film industry thinking that the audience doesn't want to use it's brain and  don't want to be challenged. Another example of the dumbing down of  America. <br />So many crucial elements were missing from the film that it is  unforgivable. I'm not going to go into them as they will spoil one of the  best and most inteligent novels I have ever read.<br />Still, it is a decent  movie which I will watch again. Polanski remains as one of my favorite  directors...although, I wonder if he even read The Club Dumas?
B00004TL21|5.0|yay a new deftones album! the best song is &quot;Knife party...&quot;
B000002MP2|5.0|Gotta love it how they named their third LP after sh-t huh? Anywhoo, every song on this cd is worth buying it for. &quot;She&quot;, &quot;When I Come Around&quot;, &quot;Basket Case&quot;, &quot;Havin' A Blast&quot;,  &quot;Chump&quot;, &quot;FOD&quot;, and Tre's second song, &quot;All By  Myself&quot;. I could go on..... It's freiken great.
B000002ITG|5.0|&quot;LED...ZEPPELIN...IS...BACK!&quot; shouted the TV advertisements for this collection, distilled from 1990's four CD box set. Indeed, the 3CD &quot;Remasters&quot; (two music discs plus a third interview disc)  provides near-perfect middle ground between the group's collected works box  and 4CD box, and the inferior &quot;Early Days&quot; and &quot;Latter  Days&quot; one-disc sets.<br />&quot;Remasters&quot; spends its first disc on  Zeppelin's seismic first four albums, leaving out some essential  &quot;II&quot; tracks (&quot;What Is And What Should Never Be,&quot;  &quot;Living Loving Maid&quot;) but culminating where it should, with  &quot;Stairway To Heaven.&quot; The second disc concentrates on Zeppelin's  most experimental work and could lead to greater appreciation of 1976's  &quot;Prescence.&quot; &quot;Achilles Last Stand,&quot; with its  understated (for him) Robert Plant vocal, and &quot;Nobody's Fault But  Mine&quot; are represented; &quot;Candy Store Rock&quot; would've been a  nice addition also.<br />The third disc features a 30-minute radio special  (featuring a lo-fi, interwoven &quot;Hey, Hey What Can I Do&quot;),  individual interviews with surviving band members, and some Jimmy Page's  song intros (&quot;Hello, this is Jimmy Page and this DJ is insane!&quot;  &quot;Hello, I'm Jimmy Page. It's time to wake up and get the Led  out!&quot;) This is all as essential music as any released since the  Beatles' breakup, and should be owned (either here or on the original LPs)  in some form.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem's The Marshall Mather's LP is one of those CD's where every song is a good song. But the Best Songs on the Album is CRIMANAL, and STAN. This CD is a must have for fans of Rap.
6305499365|5.0|This movie is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen! BUY IT!  You will laugh all night long.
6303481272|5.0|With some exceptions, I never met an anime feature I didn't at least appreciate. However, there is anime that I can't help but love.<br />And one of those is: NINJA SCROLL<br />I need say no more.
630587493X|5.0|I saw this movie in the theatre and It made me use emotions I didn't even know I had.  Even though Robin Williams plays an android, I can really feel a lot of Empathy for his character.  This is probably the best tear-jerker  movie ever made.  It takes you away from the humdrum of regular movies and  into a world where slavery and equal rights are being fought by a new  species of mankind (robotic).  I think Robin Williams deserves an Oscar for  this stellar performance.  What this DVD lacks in extras', is totally made  up by superior acting and enjoyment value.  This is by far my all time  favorite DVD.
B000001G53|5.0|This recording of Parsifal is simply superb.  There is not a single fault or weak link in the cast.  Hoffman and Vejzovic bring all the passion and feeling into the second act, whilst the Gurnamanz of Kurt Moll is  heartrenderingly transformed from that of the holy knight, adorned with  holy duty, to that of the sorrowfull and joyfull personae in Act 3.  Mixed  together with the wonderfull orchestrations under a superb conducter.  This  Parsifal must surley adorn the shelves of any collecter.
0792846303|5.0|I am so glad this got a re-release on video!  I have been searching for this movie for years.  Okay, so this one is not the classic that Halloween was but look at the cast... Jamie Lee Curtis, Janet Leigh, Adrianne  Barbeau, Hal Holbrook, and Nancy Loomis.  It's a mood piece (not too much  happens quickly)...pure and simply put it's just a creepy movie.  But the  scenes with Adrianne Barbeau as a deejay pleading for anybody who can hear  her to help her son &quot;get out of the fog&quot; are worth the price of  the video alone.  It's a wonderfully fun film that any John Carpenter fan  will enjoy!  The signature music is there, and the cinematography is great  too!  It's not your typical &quot;slasher&quot; movie.  THE FOG aspires to  be something more...or maybe something less depending on how you see it.  It opens with a man telling a ghost story around a campfire about a ship of  un-dead lepers exacting their revenge on the inhabitants of a small coastal  town.  Well, that's what this is!  It's a ghost story that you might hear  around a campfire.  Primal and scary, and not really all that gory or  violent.  It's a wise purchase for any horror fans out there!
B000002TQV|5.0|This is one of my favourite cds ! I just love all the songs ... You should buy it now..you wont regret it..
B00003Q43A|5.0|A great set with all the extras that you could want from a DVD special edition - directors' commentary and special effects supervisors'. Behind the scenes and other goodies. The movie is as always great with the  spectacular scenes only improved with 5.1 sound.
B00004TL21|3.0|This cd is ok ..I thought it would be better though. its not as good as their older cds.. My favourite songs on the album are street carp,change, korea and digital bath...
0425129608|5.0|Once again, Christie manages to pack life, death, suspicion, love, hate, spite, and regret into an easy 220+ pages, with the usual surprising twist at the end. A great read for all.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is a very good cd you should buy it! My favourite songs are Why does my heart feel so bad,Porcelain,guitar flute and stings and 7 although almost all songs on the album are good!
0425107469|5.0|What can I say about this book?   My mother gave it to me about 13 years ago, &amp; I've been reading Koontz ever since.  I instantly fell in love with his storytelling.   Unfotunately, I was very ill recently &amp; have  extremely poor vision now.  I haven't read a Dean Koontz book in three  years.  But Amazon.com has given that back to me by carrying his books in  large type!  Thank you Amazon!
0140434089|3.0|The fact that this book has a &quot;classic&quot; label is the real mystery here.  I can't think of another &quot;classic&quot; that has such basic and major flaws.  I am mystified that, as noted above in the  professional reviews, T.S. Eliot thought so much of it.  Honestly, the  characters in the Moonstone are really ridiculous.  I don't mean that  they're badly drawn or personally obnoxious.  But the reasoning behind  their actions is frequently, in fact at many key points, illogical.<br />It's  hard to give examples that don't also give away the plot, but, for  instance:  the Moonstone is stolen.  Everyone almost immediately fears that  it was taken by the heroine, who ACTUALLY OWNS the diamond and was, in  fact, just given it as a present.  Why would she steal her own diamond? We  follow the merrily skipping Mr. Wilkie down several more garden chapters  before he finally suggests that maybe the heroine stole her own diamond in  order to pay off debts, from, like, gambling or something!<br />Even if it had  been suggested that the heroine could have incurred any such debts -- which  is entirely nonsensical, because she's watched like a hawk by her highly  morally exemplary mom and about 50 devoted old servants, and she's an  heiress -- even if she could have owed large sums of money, then WHY in the  world wouldn't she have just pretended to LOSE the diamond while boating,  or have a copy made and replace the original with the copy, or any other of  a dozen much more plausible possibilities?<br />Later on, a suicide note (or,  technically, a letter that was only to be opened in the event of suicide)  goes on for, I believe, 20 close-written pages, carefully explaining all  the gaps in the plot up to that time.  The letter is so long that the hero  stops in the middle of it (delaying the resolution of the mystery) to REST  HIS EYES!   And (surprisingly!), the note is written in the same voice and  style as all the other characters' accounts are written, chatty and  surprisingly cheerful for a suicide note, except towards the end, when it  suddenly turns mawkish.<br />Characters change their minds constantly, in ways  that just happen to further the plot.  Mysterious suggestions are made  about characters' backgrounds that are then dropped and never come into  play at all.  That and many other such psychologically inconsistent  occurences and attitudes make the story a waste of time for any reader who  pays attention to anything deeper than the superficial plot line.  The  other customer reviewer below, who quoted Dickens's opinion of the book, it  right on.<br />Still, I give it 3 stars because, if you can suspend your  disbelief in the regard I've described (and I know many readers are not  fussy about such things, and probably would think I was nit-picking), the  book could be a lot of fun.  Cursed jewels, family vengeance, proposals of  marriage, dark murderous foreigners, quicksand, lots of traveling between  London and the country, and England and the continent - it's certainly  entertaining on that score.  And they say the book is important in terms of  literary history.<br />I just wish Wilkie would have been a little more hard  on himself during the plot formulation phase, and in the rewrite.
B000003Z4C|5.0|Let Love In... one of my favorite Nick Cave albums.  It contains a couple chaotic, noisy tracks, which Cave isn't terribly good at pulling off.  He gets by very well this time, though, and the slower tracks leave little to  want for.  Nick's simple poetry is dead on in this album, the music's good,  the organ solos are good.  The topic of choice? Love.  Bitterly.  All  elegantly wrapped in the brilliant two part song, &quot;Do You Love  Me&quot;
