0684833395|1.0|This is the most over-hyped book I have ever read.  I forced myself through it, hoping it would get better, but it never did.  It's boring &amp; difficult to read.  I'm baffled by all the praise.  Don't do it!
0140277447|5.0|Judging from the reviews of Iris Chang's book posted here, there's a distinct lack of sympathy for the victims of Nanking not just among Japanese readers, but some Western ones as well. <br />In a review entitled  &quot;Re-creating history - Chinese way&quot;, a reader claims that the  number of people killed in Nanking is closer to tens of thousands instead  of 300,000+, and therefore it doesn't qualify as a &quot;holocaust&quot;.  The same reader also claims that the figure of 300,000+ is an invention of  the Chinese  government, who uses it to blackmail Japan for economic  handouts.<br />So we have a pre-set standard for a holocaust, don't we? Six  million dead is a holocaust, but 300,000+ innocent civilians brutally  slaughtered is just tough luck, no big deal, isn't it? That certainly seems  to be what the reviewer is suggesting, judging from the way he makes light  of the massacre. <br />As for his claim that the actual number is tens of  thousands, he has conveniently  neglected to quote even one reference,  saying only that this revised figure is supported by &quot;most serious  scholars around the world&quot;. Since it's a fact that the Nanking  massacre is a little-documented history, one has to wonder where these  &quot;serious scholars&quot; have suddenly materialized from. So who's  re-creating history here? The Japanese certainly are, as anyone even  marginally more informed about Japan than the reviewer will tell you that  their government has spared no effort in         rewriting history and  educating their people on a fabricated, squeaky-clean version of the war,  with the Japanese themselves as the real victims.     <br />As for Beijing  &quot;blackmailing&quot; Japan for economic handouts, a quick glance at  Japanese court decisions over the years will clearly show that the Japanese  have obstinately and consistently refused to pay any form of compensation  to even individual victims of their war crimes. So what economic handouts  is this reviewer talking about? Ultimately, his claim is not only spurious,  but profoundly insulting to the Chinese people. <br />Since the demise of the  Soviet Union, China-bashing has become fashionable in the West. To be sure,  the government of China deserves much of the criticism directed against it.  But we are dealing with something that happened before the Communists even  came to power. What do the innocent victims of Nanking have to do with the  current Chinese government? If we can't rise above politics and look at  issues of humanity with the clear, unbiased view that they deserve, the  future does not bode well for man at all.
B00000C28M|1.0|The sound quality is about the worst I have ever encountered (except for some bootleg Grateful Dead audience tapes I used to own).  You hear people in the audience coughing a lot louder and clearer than the music, which you  can hardly hear at all.  The rambling intro. by Bernstein does not justify  this CD, unless you are some kind of nut. How much do I like this CD? Send  me an addressed, postage-paid mailer and IT'S YOURS FOR FREE! (First reply  only of course)
B00000634J|5.0|This set contains maybe some of the best pop songs ever written ever. John was (and still is) the most talented wordsmith to write and create music.  He's talents shine on this Greatest Hits retrospective.  The songs are all  incredibly moody and at the same time hopefully with chants for peace and  also just plain understanding of love.  <br />All of the songs are highlights  to me.  I'm a pretty recent fan of John's and am thrilled with this  collection.  The most well known hits are the simple and inspiriting  &quot;Imagine&quot;.  It's a beautiful melody. Also &quot;Mother&quot; and  &quot;Jealous Guy&quot; are both present and are simple ballads that yearn  with lots of love and pain.  The upbeat almost dance of &quot;Whatever Gets  You Through The Night&quot; is such a great example of the time that John  wrote his music, in the carefree drug and sexual culture of the mid  seventies where anything goes.  That's the great thing about all of the  songs is that they are timepieces of the era that they were made in and yet  can really be enjoyed today.  Also a huge hit &quot;Nobody Told Me&quot; is  on here which reflects on the &quot;strange days&quot; that John lived  through.  It's music upbeat pop.  The fact that John can go through  draining piano ballads like &quot;Beautiful Boy&quot; (my least favorite on  here but with great vocals by Lennon) to the smooth light rock of  &quot;Watching The Wheels&quot; shows the diversity of the prefromer.  The  last two tracks are very the thought provoking tracks &quot;Happy  Xmas&quot; and the chanting rap of &quot;Give Peace A Chance&quot;.  <br />The  set is incredible stuff and full of powerful songs not to mention just fun  pop gems.  I always thought that John was just a borrowing artsy reckloose  when he broke up with the Beatles and full for Yoko Ono, but this set of  proves that his talents stayed very intact and that he could create great  legendary songs on his own and yet keep an edge.  This set is an essential  buy.
B000002IG4|3.0|I never heard this album except for the remake of \\"You Can't Hurry Love.\\" Every once in a while, Mr. Phil came up with some of the silliest ideas for the public. And most of them became successful. But who cares?
B0000057C5|5.0|Rammstein is an awesome metal band.  I was prompted to buy this CD after hearing &quot;Du Hast,&quot; but EVERY song is great!  My least favorite is the slower and more peaceful &quot;Engel,&quot; but, for the most part,  Sehnsucht keeps up its cool, pounding beats.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Santana haters of the world, SHUT UP! The veteral rocker Carlos Santana just busted Michael Jackson's records recently, as this album took over as No. 1 Grammy champ for a single year (it won nine, NOT eight) and surpassed  \\"Thriller\\" in international sales, too (50 million plus!). Sorry, Mike, and  those of you who gave this album anything less than three stars are  obviously missing out on the wonderful bonuses that most of the songs on  \\"Supernatural\\" have to offer.<br />I saw a Fox special which featured some of  those songs. \\"Da Le Yaleo\\" was seething with passion, you know, especially  the way sexy Carlos plays that guitar! And \\"The Love of My Life,\\" \\"Do You  Like The Way\\" (it's mother's favorite!), \\"Smooth,\\" \\"Put Your Lights On,\\"  and \\"María María\\" are masterpieces. The rest aren't, though, and that's the  reason I took off one star.<br />Personally, with the entire music world at  his fingertips, I'm glad to have seen sexy Santana knock Wacko Jacko off  his throne once and for all.<br />That's all, folks!
0446677450|4.0|I found this book to be a very good introduction into the philosophy of personal finance.  The author, through an exploration of his experiences with his two dads, provides an excellent discourse on the logic of  intelligent personal finance.  <br />This book does not attempt to peddle a  system of &quot;striking it rich overnight&quot;.  But instead explains the  importance of intelligent money usage.  My personal favorite was the  comparison roughly stating that income is equal to employees, and they can  work either for you or against you.  I'd recommend this book to anyone  wishing to increase their financial security and/or buying power through  intelligent money management.
B000001ES9|3.0|Rush, the debut album of the band of the same name, was released in 1974. One of the things people immediately noticed was that the album sounded a whole lot like Led Zeppelin--so much so, in fact, that people listening to  cuts from this album on WMMS in Cleveland would actually call the station  and ask when the new Zeppelin album was coming out. Hey, if you're going to  rip someone off, rip off one of the best, right?  In all seriousness,  because of the lack of musical originality on this album, critics wrote  Rush off as just that--Zeppelin impersonators. These critics would later be  proven wrong, but in 1974, there was really nothing to suggest just how  wrong the critics would be. The personnel on this album were Geddy Lee on  bass guitar and vocals, Alex Lifeson on guitar, and John Rutsey, making his  only appearence on a Rush album, on the drums. Most of the songs were  written by Geddy and Alex, except for &quot;In the Mood&quot; (Which sounds  nothing like the big-band song of the same name), written entirely by  Geddy. So how did they do?<br />&quot;Finding My Way&quot;- A song about  coming back home after living on the road, apparently touring with a band.  Some of the lyrics, however, would not suggest this (Ooh, said I'm coming  out to get you). Sadly, this is a problem with most of the album--the music  is good, though like I said it sounds like Led Zeppelin, but the  lyrics...well, I think I could do better on a couple of the songs. In spite  of this, when Geddy shrieks &quot;YEAH! OHHH, YEAH!&quot; Near the  beginning of this song, you know these guys just wanna rock, which they do  pretty well. <br />&quot;Need Some Love&quot;- Geddy and Alex were evidently  experiencing the franticness that comes several weeks before a prom when  they wrote this (&quot;Running here, running there, I'm looking for a  girl&quot; sums it up pretty nicely). Furthermore, I'm led to believe  they're discussing the Senior Prom, because most the lyrics deal with  wanting sex (&quot;I need what keeps a young man alive, and I said I need  it now&quot;). Very uptempo song, and much more honest and direct and the  pseudo &quot;I love you my everything&quot; lyrics sung by the boy bands of  today. <br />&quot;Take a Friend&quot;- A song about trying to tell a  depressed person to go out and get some friends. A slower, bluesy song.  It's about here that the Zeppelin influence starts to show through. The  lyrics aren't bad, but repeat far too often (I call this &quot;The Bleach  Principle&quot;, named after Nirvana's debut album in which most songs just  had a verse and chorus repeated over and over). OH well.<br />&quot;Here  Again&quot;- &quot;Hi, we're Led Zeppelin! Uh, I mean, hi, we're  Rush!&quot; This song sounds more like Zeppelin than any other on this  album. It definately has that &quot;I've got the blues&quot; feel to it.  The main problem with this song is its length. It's almost 8 minutes long,  yet the feel never really changes, which makes the song seem overdrawn. I  can't really tell what this song is about, though it seems Geddy has the  blues and is talking to a woman who also has the blues. Strange.  <br />&quot;What You're Doing&quot;- A song where Geddy is yelling at someone  who evidently thinks he's a hotshot. Musically, this is the most intriguing  song on the album--it sounds a little like Rage Against the Machine, except  not as angry. Geddy speaks fast and it just has that &quot;feel&quot; to  it. Lyrically it has the same problem as &quot;Take a Friend&quot;, though  it isn't as bad here. Those with a musical background might notice the song  is written in E Blues.<br />&quot;In the Mood&quot;- Another &quot;I want  sex&quot; song, along the lines of &quot;Need Some Love&quot;. Except this  time, I'm sorry, but the lyrics are just laughably bad, in particular the  second verse. There's reason that was the verse cut out when they do this  song in medley form on live albums, and it ain't  vulgarity...<br />&quot;Before And After&quot;- At first, this song sounds  like it's going to be a ballad, for the first 2:17 or so. Then it becomes  yet another Zeppelin-inspired song. It's basically about problems in a  relationship, with the refrain &quot;Yeah. Yeaaaaah, yeaaaaah, yeah.&quot;  A good song, but not a classic.<br />&quot;Working Man&quot;- Besides  &quot;What You're Doing&quot;, probably the best song on the album. The  song is pretty much about working. But in the middle of the song--from 2:04  to 5:18--the band breaks out into a jam session, showing off a bit of their  musical prowess (Alex in particular). Geddy's multi-layered vocals also  help this song, particularly in the beginning. A slowing down of the song  toward the end, plus the typical &quot;Let's play one or two notes really  fast right at the end of the song&quot; rock ending, finishes out the song  and the album. <br />On the overall, Rush's self-titled debut album isn't  bad--certainly better than a majority of the stuff out there today IMO--but  it also isn't anything that really stands out from the other Zeppelin  imitators of its time. Perhaps I'm weighing it too much against other Rush  albums, but the fact is some of the lyrics are bad by any standard. A good  buy for nostalgia's sake, or to round out your Rush collection, but not a  must-have.
0790729350|5.0|I'm writing this review just to be contrary.  What makes the movie  worthwhile is that the music is mixed with &quot;mundane&quot; footage -  the performances weren't generally outstanding at Woodstock, while the  sheer magnitude of the event, and the problems it caused (food shortages,  sanitary problems, disturbance of the Woodstock locality), are special and  worth including for the permanent record.  If you miss more songs from your  favorite performers, consider how long this film would be if every artist  received generous treatment from the film makers.  For my taste, anyway,  there's more than enough music and lots of stuff that most people who  attended the event never had a chance to see.  Woodstock is well worth the  3 or 4 hours it takes to see it all, and I'm glad it isn't 6 or 8 hours  long.
0517543052|4.0|I can still remember the first time I saw this book back in Junior High when one of my hippie friends shared it with me.  But it's not just for hippies and the message remains true: No matter where you go, here you are.   This book continues to remind the existentially confused that what is most  important is to experience this moment.  And this one.  And this one...
0785787135|2.0|For all the good things I've heard about this book - including the reviews posted here - I am very disappointed. I had hoped to find a compelling read, one that captured my imagination with a vivid and engaging retelling  of the Arthurian legend, filled with gracious and heroic  characters.<br />Instead, I find weak willed men, idiotic women, the author  proselytizing paganism, and &quot;feminist&quot; viewpoints so outrageous  as to be funny. Arthur is an effective king but a weak and nondescript man.  Lancelot is annoying, not noble, in his suffering. Gwenivere is utterly  pathetic.<br />Morgaine is the saving grace of this panopoly of dull-wits, but  even she fails to connect to a truly intelligent audience of readers for  the way she weaves in and out of the story, letting things happen to her  and taking no action herself. To me the worst parts of the book were those  where the storyteller was not Morgaine.<br />On the brighter side, the story  is fairly well written, and compelling in that I do not know very much  about the Arthur legend. I finished reading it so that I could find out  what happened more than for any allegiance or interest in the  characters.<br />On the whole, do not buy this book. Or if you do, buy it used  as I did. You'll be happier for it.
B000009EAD|4.0|Iced Earth is a good metal band that believes in playing the power chord to its fullest.  This c.d has great lyrics with really talented musicians.  At times, it does sound the same,but for the most part it's a great c.d.   With comparisons to Iron Maiden, they have a lot to live up to, but I think  they all ready have their own status in the music world.
B0000073YB|5.0|First off, this album is so much more than just &quot;tainted love&quot;.  The second track (Soft Cell's biggest hit) was the first reason I looked forward to hearing the CD.<br />Although a good song, the best part of this  album is the remaining 16 songs written by Soft Cell (17 including  &quot;Where did our love go?&quot;).<br />This trashy, sleazy, synthy album is  a must for any fan of 80s synth pop.  I got the album with the extra tracks  on it from a friend of mine after I told him about my music tastes.  He  insisted that I listen to this album, and I have loved it ever  since.<br />Besides the main hit, there are other songs that are even better  (in my opinion).  What makes these songs so good is the song writing (much  like bands such as Depeche Mode... although the songs are NOT the  same)<br />Sex Dwarf, one of the best songs off the album, is a song that  sings a chorus about &quot;Luring disco dollies to a life of vice&quot;.   How can anyone refuse an album that combines the classic catchy 80s synth  with amazing lyrics?  For an ok remix of this song check out &quot;Non Stop  Ecstatic Dancing&quot; (1983). <br />Also on the album is the song  &quot;Bedsitter&quot;, which speaks of the dirtier, non-glamorus side of  the party/club life. Among the lyrics are phrases like:<br />&quot;Clean my  teeth and comb my hair / and look for something ... new to wear/ start this  night life ... over again / and kid-my-self I'm having fun...&quot;<br />Other  songs like &quot;Secret Life&quot; have catchy intro's that take you easily  throughout the song, and again the lyrics are worth noticing:<br />&quot;In  your little black book / You got the names and the faces of your favorite  pursuasions of the people in the headlines / I'm in there under  &quot;A&quot; / you got me rated under &quot;B&quot; / you got photographs  to prove it all / but I swear to God its not me...&quot;   ...  Classic!<br />Other songs like Youth, Say hello..., and others... I could justsit here and praise them for hours.<br />Along with amazing lyrics, smooth  sleazy synths and loud smashing drum machines, this import of the album  contains some extra tracks. <br />The extra tracks are good, (Memorabilia,  What, Where did our love go, in particular) and a great overall bonus of  the album.  The whole cd runs almost 74 1/2 minutes, I loved the fact they  filled it with as much as possible!<br />If your not a fan of synth pop the  album my still interest you because of the unique lyrics (especially for  the early 80's).  Although, if synth pop is really not your favorite thing  to listen to, you may get sick of the sound.<br />Besides the great  songwritting, the album does have a really cool electronic sound.  Its  totally a classic, get it for &quot;Tainted Love&quot; if you want, but  take a minute and listen to the other great tracks.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion has always given her fans great music. This greatest hits album, plus five new releases, is no different. It includes her ever popular The Power of Love, Love Can Move Mountains, I'm Your Angel, My  Heart Will Go On, Because You Loved Me, etc. Some new ones....That's The  Way It Is (great song), The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face (nice remake),   I Want You To Need Me (beautiful)....it's a good listen. I felt there were  a couple of songs that were left off the &quot;hits&quot; list, but I  suppose you can't fit them all on. Anyhow, this is a really good cd! One  you can pop in your cd player and enjoy from start to finish - without  having to skip through. This is one of my all-time favorite pop cd's. With  this album, Celine gives our thoughts words. She says in song, what we  often want to say in person to the special people in our lives. Inspires  alot of emotion - upbeat, touching, inspring, &amp; thought provoking.  A  very dependable listen.
B000001DWG|5.0|If Andrew Wood would not have died of a drug overdose, I really believe that the history of music would be different. This band was truly ahead of its time (before Nirvana and of course, Pearl Jam since MLB's members went  on to form Pearl Jam) because they served up the best of both the grunge  and pop metal worlds.  I hope Mother Love Bone is never forgotten.
B00003CX5A|5.0|After seeing this movie i gained total respect for Christina Ricci and  Johnny Depp. They played their parts beautifully, and that made the movie  wonderfull. Anyone who hasn't seen this movie should, because it was  brilliantly done.
0440219078|3.0|My 7th grade class is currently reading the giver by Lois Lowry. The setting is in a futuristic perfect community. As a child, the members of the community are observed by a comity and their jobs are selected for  them. The main character in this book, Jonas, is selected to be the  receiver of memory. Jonas no longer has to follow the rules of the  community. He has the most important job in the entire community. He goes  through strenuous training to absorb the information that his tutor, the  giver, is passing to him. He is a very important person to have in the  community because if something bad was about to happen he could warn them  of what happened before.  The wording in the book is very difficult to  understand. It takes a lot of thinking to understand the concepts in this  book. This book is supposed to portray a perfect world but I think that the  community is far from perfect. Everything in the community is based on  sameness. This means that there are no advances and no differences among  people. I think a world like that would be very boring because you would  wake up every day and know what was going to happen. There is very little  change in the daily schedule. A major reason why I think this wasn't a very  good book is because the author's idea of a perfect world isn't mine. <br />I  gave this book two out of five star for three simple reasons. First of all  I didn't agree with her idea of a perfect world. Jonas's world is far from  anything that I would consider perfect. Secondly, I didn't think this book  was very interesting. I had trouble reading more than two chapters at a  time because the concepts of the book bored me. And lastly, I disliked the  ending. I can't tell you about it but if you read this book after my review  you will probably agree with my opinion of the ending. I would recommend  this book only to those who like slow reading books.
0671004107|5.0|Historically, intellectuals have philosophized their ideas about god.  Hitherto, those philosophies have gained popularity in many's minds.  The soul of one's spirituality, faith, and belief is similarly touched in this  single work of fiction by one of those former intellectuals.  Carl Sagan  shows us the universality of faith and spirit in all of our lives, and  whole-heartedly encourages us to frame our own ideas of faithful reasoning.   Ellie Arroway, the main character, shows the puzzlement of our minds and  Palmer Joss, her friend, lover at times, is it's firm-minded, though not  closed minded, mediator.  Her journey from agnostic to enlightened agnostic  occurs with this truth seeker throughout lighting the way and proving  connections, comparing the scientific mind with the religious, showing that  fine line which separates them.  The end of the book shows no conclusion,  merely the importance of being open-minded and having an astute mind, an  accepting spirit and a rational sould as their parent.
0375501851|5.0|The unlikely friendship of Archie and Samad, beginning in the cramped quarters of a WWII tank, makes for a fun and fascinating story.  Smith's writing is ironic without being heavy-handed, and is full of observations  about the small stuff that makes up our lives.  The characters are ones you  would invite in for a cup of tea, just to see how things are getting on.<br />Take White Teeth on vacation, and bask in a great read.
0671004107|5.0|Historically, intellectuals have philosophized their ideas about god.  Hitherto, those philosophies have gained popularity in many's minds.  The soul of one's spirituality, faith, and belief is similarly touched in this  single work of fiction by one of those former intellectuals.  Carl Sagan  shows us the universality of faith and spirit in all of our lives, and  whole-heartedly encourages us to frame our own ideas of faithful reasoning.   Ellie Arroway, the main character, shows the puzzlement of our minds and  Palmer Joss, her friend, lover at times, is it's firm-minded, though not  closed minded, mediator.  Her journey from agnostic to enlightened agnostic  occurs with this truth seeker throughout lighting the way and proving  connections, comparing the scientific mind with the religious, showing that  fine line which separates them.  The end of the book shows no conclusion,  merely the importance of being open-minded and having an astute mind, an  accepting spirit and a rational sould as their parent.
0385484518|5.0|Everyone at some stage in their life has a mentor or a teacher that becomes a beacon of inspiration and hope. Mitch Albom found his 'lighthouse' in his old college professor, Morrie Schwartz. Twenty years  after graduating from college Mitch returns to spend the last weeks of his  dying professor's life, who is stricken of an incurable disease. While his  professor is wasting away before his eyes, Mitch receives the most valuable  lesson of his life. Lessons that cannot be taught from textbooks, only by  living the ups and downs, the highs and lows of human experience. This book  is guaranteed to move you, several times. If not, check your pulse.
052594527X|5.0|This American, who lives and writes in London, has crafted a deceptively straightforward novel.  The story is inspired by one of Vermeer's finest and most famous paintings, and this novel is the most enjoyable I have read  all summer.  In a day and age when writers seem to equate complexity of  plot and obfuscation of language with the prerequisites of a serious novel,  Ms. Chevalier reminds us that a simple story, told well, can enrapture our  hearts and imaginations and instruct us, and entertain us all at the same  time.<br /> The story is told in first person through the eyes of  16-year-old Griet, and is set in 17c. Netherlands where the divisions of  life-master and servant, rich and poor, Protestant and Catholic-are sharp  and well established.  Although we see the world through Griet's eyes, we  only glimpse at her deep emotions that she shields from us, the reader,  almost as effectively as she hides them from the outside world.  Griet,  whose family has fallen on hard times, is employed as a maid in the Vermeer  household; a home full of personality landmines that keep Griet on her toes  and a perpetual outsider.  Griet's serene manner and spirit soon attract  the attention of the master painter and she is drawn, half unwillingly,  into a chain of events that will set the course of her life.<br />  Chevalier tells this tale against a backdrop of realism so prized in  Vermeer's paintings.  It is a straightforward story without the adornments  of the physical, emotional and sexual scars that so often permeate today's  novels.  This is a quick and highly satisfying read and one that I know I  will look forward to visiting again in a few years.
0380788624|5.0|Cryptonomicon is a great read. The story is fascinating and the characters are rich, but the real joy of this book is Neal Stephenson's prose. His writing is passionate and funny-I didn't skip or skim or single line of  this 800+ page book. The story doesn't have much emotional impact, but this  is a grand adventure and a flight of fancy, not a romance. This is Pulp  Fiction on intellectual steroids. Lots and lots of fun.
0790738082|5.0|There is such a wealth of kind reviews here on 'The Music Man', I almost didn't bother adding my own, until I realised that not one manages to  convey how terrific Shirley Jones is in this movie.  Never content to be  just a musical star, Jones has always stretched her acting wings, as  evidenced by her Oscar for her portrayal of a prostitute in 'Elmer Gantry'.   Marian Paroo in 'The Music Man' is light-years removed from that role, but  Shirley Jones proves, once again, that she's an actress.  Productions of  'Music Man' rise and fall on the performance of the actress playing Marian;  the role is incredibly difficult.  It calls for the performer to make very  fast transitions from starchiness to tremulous love-making- and Marian is  called on not only to love Professor Hill, but to communicate to an  audience WHY he's worth it.  Shirley Jones tosses all this off so  effortlessly that many people think she's not doing much- they're wrong!   The full range of her talents gets a workout here; she sings, dances, has  comedy bits (her scene 'vamping' an anvil salesman is a howler), and can  hold a Technicolour close-up like nobody has in years.  The most delightful  part of her work, for my money, comes in the 'Marian the Librarian' number,  where Marian's library is invaded (and its sanctity destroyed) by a visit  from Harold Hill.  Shirley's laser precision and split-second timing are a  delight to watch; it's especially impressive when you stop to think that  she's not primarily known as a dancer.<br />As wonderful as Shirley Jones is,  'The Music Man' is not without flaws.  Director Morton Da Costa elicted  marvellous performances from his stars, but he seems not to have cared so  much about what the minor players did.  Many of the child actors are way  too hammy; one gets the impression of hordes of stage mommas off-camera  yelling, 'SING OUT, LOUISE!', and 'SMILE, BABY!'.  Monique Vermont as  Amaryllis is especially annoying; someone should have sent her home until  she cut out at least 90 percent of her cutesy-poo schtick.  Fortunately for  the movie, 'The Music Man' has Ron Howard as Winthrop Paroo; his  performance is a little miracle of naturalness.  Da Costa also has trouble  with basic movie POV issues; there's a bad POV switch right in the middle  of 'Shipoopi'.  In the same number, Da Costa ignores another basic rule of  movie-making when Robert Preston is supposed to grab a couple of women and  dance with them before grabbing Shirley Jones to finish the number with  her.  The first dancer he grabs is nearly a dead ringer for Jones, and  since the audience is expecting him to find Jones and dance with her in the  scene, it's confusing to see Preston abandon this dancer and go on to  another.  It's a silly, irritating mistake to see in such a great  number.<br />No matter what nits I pick, though, 'The Music Man' still has a  great story, great cast, and of course, Shirley.  By the way, there has  been a controversy for decades about who was the better Marian Paroo-  Shirley or Barbara Cook, who originated the role on Broadway.  My vote,  based on a comparison of the Broadway original cast album with Cook, and  the movie soundtrack with Jones, goes squarely to Shirley.  Barbara Cook  sings every number as beautifully as only she knows how, and it is  absolutely thrilling.  But Shirley Jones does more- she uses her  musicianship to enhance her acting.  In the early songs, Jones keeps her  voice 'cold' and correct, sticking strictly to the notes Meredith Willson  wrote, as befits a straitlaced librarian.  Later, when Marian's passions  emerge, Jones unleashes a much lusher, more romantic voice- and it's that  much clearer that the lady is in love.<br />Enough from me.  You've got a  movie to buy!
6300183971|5.0|Dune was one of the best books i have ever read, and the movie was no  different.  I found the movie to be very complex, but that is what makes it  so great.  you really should read the book before watching the movie.
0375707972|4.0|The author's spare style is reminscent of Camus.  He doesn't need to overwrite to create a lot of ambience and intense emotion. At first, I was worried that he would dwell on the love affair between the 15 year old  Michael and Hanna.  But, it turns out that those descriptions are among the  best in the novel and their affair somehow never touches the sordid depths  of Lolita's life.  The narrator spends his whole life trying to equal or  surpass this first and most pure of his relationships.  I enjoyed how the  narrator described his new manner with girls his age thanks to his  experiences with Hanna.  I agree with other readers below that the so  called &quot;secret&quot; was way too obvious.  I figured it out right  after Michael left her the note, but then thought to myself, but how could  that account for all her strangeness?  I must say that the twists the novel  takes make it a very interesting novel -- we pass through WWII and the  Holocaust, but in a much different manner than we normally do in this type  of genre.<br />It's quite a short book (took maybe 2 hours to read), but  because of the compelling narrator and the lean prose, I really enjoyed it.  It's a cerebral book -- we feel the narrator's pain as he tries to get  over his early affair and regroup -- whether he ever gets it together or  not I will leave as a surprise.
0688170528|4.0|I was going to visit my sister for a long weekend and went to the bookstore to get something to read on the trip.  My criteria was that it couldn't be an Oprah book.  (nothing against Oprah but I thought I needed  to find one on my own) What a WONDERFUL book I found.<br />I was not able to  put the book down. Although I did not feel like the characters became a  part of me, I was able to see myself in their posisitons and was very  sympathetic (I could count on one hand how many times I have cried while  reading books and this book brought tears to my eyes).  And it left me with  the question...what would I do in their situation? I think that if that  kind of question is being asked then it is a great book.<br />It is a great  summertime book!
B00004STPT|5.0|The movie Gladiator is a truly excellent film, with an involving storyline, beautiful locations, intense drama, full-blooded action and a rousing score from Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard. <br />As soon as the movie  starts, one is surprised by the subdued tone that the musical score seems  to be taking. Knowing that Hans Zimmer was the composer, I was expecting  his usual rousing, booming and very pleasant music, as seen (or rather,  heard) in other movies like 'Crimson Tide', 'The Peacemaker', and  'Backdraft'. However, what we get, as a friend of mine remarked, is  something like a cross between Vangelis and 'The Rock' (which also includes  participation by Zimmer). Which is fine. <br />While not as melodic as, for  example, a James Horner score like Braveheart, Hans Zimmer's score, with  Lisa Gerrard's participation, perfectly complements the action on screen.  When battle music is required, the score returns to a classic, if somewhat  more mature, Zimmer feel; totally classical in style and paying homage to  Gustav Holst's Masterpiece - The Planets, particularly 'Mars - Bringer of  War'. Very appropriate, given that Mars was the Roman god of War! <br />This,  added to Zimmer's trademark rousing passages, and Lisa Gerrard's moving,  lyrical contributions, makes Gladiator a memorable score. Gerrard's  participation, in particular was a very pleasant addition, because it adds  an ethereal element which is necessary for such concepts as Elysium (the  Afterlife) and Freedom. Throughout the movie, the Hero, Maximus, constantly  weaves between the 'here and now' scheming and battles, and a longing to  join his family, in the afterlife. The score reflects these concepts with  an excellent treatment of both dimensions.<br />Which leaves us listeners with  a score that is not exactly easy to listen to. It is not too melodic and  pleasing to the ears, but is contains a lot of wonderful, mature music. It  is something like an acquired taste: after listening to the CD for a couple  of times (or watching the movie itself more than once) one becomes  pleasantly hooked.  <br />A truly memorable score, for a memorable movie.
B00002R0MC|5.0|If you like reggae, if you can appreciate the best music from one of the truly best artists of all time, Bob Marley's box set Songs of Freedom would be well worth its weight in gold. Even if you've never listen to Reggae  this Box set will weave it's webb on you. Originally released in 1992,  consider yourself lucky it has been re released.
B00000JFV9|5.0|The movie was forgettable, but that doesn't diminish the contribution Curtis made to soul,  R&amp;B, and rock music with this terrific soundtrack. It's a powerful combination of grooves, orchestration, and  socially aware lyrics, all held together by Mayfield's convincing vocals  and tight guitar work.<br />The highlight of the album for me is the  powerfully funky, yet poignant, &quot;Freddie's Dead,&quot; a song filled  with sorrow and anger. Curtis was way out front in lyrically denouncing the  devastation that drugs wreaked on the community, but the power of this song  lies not in any lecture it delivers, but in its ability to tell a  convincing story of a life lost.<br />Curtis could spin out some mean rhyming  long before rap took center stage, and you can hear that in  &quot;Pusherman.&quot; On &quot;Little Child Running Wild,&quot; he brings  in some strong sax licks to back him, and the instrumental &quot;Junkie  Chase&quot; creates excitement through his skillful use of orchestration.  <br />This is a clear example of a soundtrack rising far above the film it was  designed to enhance. In fact, forget the film if you haven't seen it, but  don't forget Curtis's outstanding demonstration of his superior abilities  as a musician, composer, and arranger.
630588255X|5.0|At last on DVD, but what a shame nobody took the time to clean up the  video.   My time-worn VHS tape looks better than this.   Never liked Cat  Stevens that much, but his music suits this movie.   Still, its great to  finally have this on DVD.   You owe it to yourself to see this movie at  least once in your life.   Check it out.
B000002KDO|5.0|Although the 1st two were were groundbreaking, this was and still IS there best overall all album. For every Hard-hitting Heavy Metal fan this is a Must. However after hearing Sweet Leaf for over a thousand times, it's not  as exciting. Check out Children of the Grave, Lord of this World, Into the  Void, and After Forever.  Solitude is great too!   Next album to get is  Sabatoge! Overall all a good album.
630157401X|5.0|&quot;Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade&quot; is my favorite movie of all time.  Filled with adventure (at Grunwald Castle), humor (involving Venitian librarian), and Nazis getting killed (by Indy and his father,  played by the illustrious Sean Connery), it is almost everything you could  want in a film.  To watch this movie erases any doubt as to how Mr. Ford  became an international sex symol.  An exciting and enduring classic.
B00001OH7T|5.0|In case I didn't make myself Clear the 1st time...Win, Fascination, Right, and Can you hear me are also good tracks. To hear all the other albums, skip on down to the Best of (import) 69-74 and you'll save yourself a  couple of bucks. You won't be missing any good songs. But THIS album  overALL is IN the Bowie Top 2.
B000001GQY|5.0|In this double disc offering, we are treated to the coupling of Brahms' Piano Concertos supplemented by his Fantasies.  The Piano Concertos number among the most formidable and longest in the repertoire, and we have the  pleasure of the participation of none other than the great Emil Gilels as  soloist.  The Berlin Philharmonic accompanies under the baton of Eugen  Jochum.  Gilels, living up to and exceeding his repute, gives an immensely  passionate and intensely profound reading of the works.  In the First,  Brahms' unrestrained fervour and emotions tear through the work.  Gilels  ably plays his part, the thunderous chords and fleet keyboard runs not  deterring him as he churns out the music imbued with his insight.  The  first movement, especially, puts him in good light as he shows his powerful  phrasing capabilities.  The second concerto was written much later in  Brahms' career.  As a result, the outpouring of passion has mellowed and is  controlled innately.  As a whole, the work breathes new life into the  meaning of passion and emotion.  The orchestra turns in a consumnate  performance with the horns leading in with the introduction of the haunting  evocative opening sequence.  Gilels enters with restraint and poignancy,  but soon, throws all caution to the winds, as the ebb and flow of the  melodies engulf us.  He displays the virtuosity and transcendental  illuminence he is famous for.  The last movement contains much beautiful  and haunting music for the piano.  Aptly, with each shift in focus, Gilels  manages to convince us.  Truly a recording to take your breath away and to  root you to the ground.  The majesterial grandeur and impassioned emotions  take this recording and place it in the annals of history and legend.
0151001820|2.0|Let me start by classifying that I am giving this book two stars because the last two chapters rob the book of the true five-star rating that it deserves.<br />_The Club Dumas_ has an intriguing plot, a true bibliophile's  pleasure with the intricate workings of _The Three Musketeers_, publishing  techniques and forgery, shadowy hard-boiled style dialogue and  atmospheres...it was a fantastic read.  It's a fast read, with good  suspenseful, page-turning fare, great intellectual mystery food for your  brain...<br />And then the last two chapters came around.  I will not give  away the ending, but sufficeth to say, these two chapters rob the reader of  -any- satisfaction that could have been acquired from the book.  None, and  I honestly mean -none-, of the plot lines are followed through, very few of  the mystery's main mysteries are solved or even explained.  The chapters  completly destroyed any intellectual joy that I had gotten from the  read.<br />The second to last chapter succeeds in telling you that you could  have skipped 75% of the book because all of it was completely irrelevant.   The last chapter attempts to tie up the other quarter of the book and  fails.<br />I tried to give Perez-Reverte the benefit of the doubt and  reasoned that we, like the main character, Corso, assume that all the parts  in the story will eventually linked together into one picture.  And that  assumption is incorrect.  Sure, give a point to the author for the tease,  for showing us that not all mysteries should tie up so neatly.  Then, take  the point away because in proving this, the author delivers a serious  disappointment to the reader.  And it is a disappointment that will keep me  away from his other books.
0792156684|2.0|I am quite disappointed this is an Oscar movie.  The plot is not moving.  I don't feel sad about DiCaprio's death, I don't find the story romantic, I don't find the ship wreck disastrous, I don't feel the titanic authentic  (the SFX is so poor that I can't imagine the same director has made us  Terminator 2).  In short, I am so disappointed about this movie, as a fan  of DiCaprio and Winslet.
B000001FY9|5.0|I'm really a new Marley fan, and this is the first CD of his that I purchased.  The songs were great, and jammed all the way through.  As for the commercialistic aspect of the songs, I can only say that people really  love these songs so they in turn may get the &quot;played out&quot; effect.   The fact that everyone plays them should tell you something about the CD.   Enjoy it today.
006107327X|5.0|This book is a definite must-have for fans of the animated Batman series. This book shows you how much love all the people involved in the show had for it. The level of detail that went into this show is insane! Take a look  at the storyboards shown in the book for the episode &quot;Avatar&quot; and  I'm sure you'll agree that those rough drawings look even better than some  of the finished cartoons that have been on. There is a lot to like in this  book and I hope they make a follow-up to this one because some of my  favorite villains (Clayface, The Ventriloquist and Mr. Freeze) don't get as  much said about them as, say, The Joker. That makes sense, but it annoys me  a bit. That is why I hope they make a second book. Until that day, this is  an outstanding work of art and is perfect for any fan's collection.
0679600019|5.0|Wow! This book knocked me out of my seat. It's relentless from beginning to end. All throughout you want to rush through the pages to see how the story concludes. What will happen to Dorian? What will become of the  hideous painting?<br />The book's three main characters are Basil Hallward,  the painter; Dorian Gray, the paintee; and Lord Henry, the intellectual  mind behind Dorian Gray. It seems as if all of Dorian Gray's evils are  inspired by his sidekick, Lord Henry. So, throughout the story, the reader  is left asking: &quot;Is this guy a villain?&quot; As to the answer to that  question, it still remains uncertain to me.<br />And the ending - oh! -  flawless, impeccable, divine! I dare not give it away, for you must venture  into those pages to find out where all the events lead to. The last page of  the book is truly the climax. You'll be left shivering with sweat trickling  down your forehead just to see what happens.<br />&quot;Of all people in the  world the English have the least sense of the beauty of literature,&quot;  Lord Henry claims in one part of the story. Nay, they don't, I must say -  for it was an Englishman that produced this book!
158234082X|4.0|Although not a universally likeable book by any estimation, Bourdain's narrative voice, as crass and straightforward as one would believe the man himself to be, is definitely endearing.  He makes few attempts to describe  for the lay person the many digestibles he hints at in the book, relying on  the wit and sheer perusability of the rest of his work to grasp the reader.    And it does, for over 300 pages.  Kitchen Confidential is a must read for  anyone remotely affiliated with the hospitality industry and well worth  reading for those with at least a passing interest in the inner-workings of  the kitchen from hiring to the way to make one's purveyors arrive on time.   A person with generally no knowledge of fine cuisine will find the first  half of the book fine, but the second half less friendly as it delves into  the more specific nuts and bolts of the restaurant business.  The book is  really part culinary textbook, part biography, with a few eye-catching  treks into hedonism.  It's uneven in parts, but this is altogether in  keeping with the life of Bourdain, as the reader will come to find.
0684800713|1.0|Hemingway is a great writer - this book does nothing but degrade, demote, and humiliate him. An undoubtedly horrible piece literature. The whole damned book is either set at cafés or restaurants, for that's where all the  main characters are always at. <br />When I was at around page 200, I was  telling myself: &quot;Man, I just know this book is not going to end in  such tedium. It'll have an unexpected ending or something, like A Farewell  to Arms - something has to happen!&quot; But, alas! my prayers were all in  vain - nothing ever happened. And that's it. Show's over. The end.<br />Where  the hell do people come off giving this book rave reviews and high acclaim?  Where do these crackheads come from? The dialogue was horrible, the  storyline utterly horrific. Nothing ever f---ing happens. This book was  nothing like A Farewell to Arms or The Old Man and the Sea - it was BORING!  <br />I don't know; if the next book I read by Hemingway is like this, I'm  gonna have to give a farewell to Hemingway.
6305718903|5.0|&quot;Stigmata&quot;, starring Patricia Arquette is by far one of the best movies I've ever seen which explores religion and religious experiences in a very thought-provoking way.  This movie is right up there with &quot;The Exorcist,&quot;  &quot;Agnes of God,&quot;  and &quot;The Name of the  Rose.&quot;   Anyway, the story revolves around Frankie Paige (Arquette), a  self-admitted atheist hairdresser who, after obtaining a rosary that was  sent to her by her mother, begins to receive the stigmata (exact replica's  of Christ's wounds).  It's flat-out hell for her, and even a rather  agnostic priest has hardly any explanation, since the stigmata almost  always occur on devoutly religious people.<br />This movie yielded great  performances from the entire cast, and Patricia Arquette's performance was  stunning.  The cintemetography and lighting and special effects were all  excellent.  The Vatican is exposed here for all the corruption that it CAN,  but doesn't always have, and many other religious things are discussed:  Is  the stigmata really a miracle?  Is it a complete burden, or could it really  bring you closer to God?<br />Watch the scenes carefully when Frankie receives  the wounds throughout the movie.  We then see shots of whatever part she's  receiving the wound to of what appears to be Jesus on the cross with nails  going through his feet.  My favorite:  the crown of thorns sequence where  Frankie runs into the rain.  That was the BOMB!
0451169514|5.0|It is impossible to tell in words how incredible of a story this was. It begins with a bang and ends with a BANG! Gripping, spine-tingling, bone-chilling - this tale will make your blood run cold next time you see  clowns. It will instill into you a phobia for clowns . . . and, of course,  balloons.<br />Undoubtedly King's greatest, IT is a portrait of the evils that  inhabit Derry, Maine. Of the merciless, ruthless Pennywise the Dancing  Clown and his determination to have seven children pay for coming across  his tracks. <br />This may be a tome, but it never lets down. It never  stumbles or falters. On the contrary, it gets better and better as the  story goes on. You'll find yourself finishing this book faster than you  could read Of Mice and Men.<br />And it has enough gore and goo for one to  drown in. Ah, but that's just classic, vintage King. He has succeeded in  leaving us Constant Readers mesmerized. I'm just amazed at the fact that  people haven't yet gone into a frenzy to get this book - how queer!
B00004T9UF|5.0|I just got eminems new cd.I love it.The best songs are kill you, stan, kim, and marshall mathers.Also  the real slim shady is very good to. You have to get this cd it is the best
0375501851|4.0|Stunnin debut, darlin. Unnerving confidence for a Brit chick who`d be a no name at a rock show. Just stay off the yachts away and away from fat men with fatwas and, in principle, Elton John.
B000002RXS|5.0|Bizets CARMEN is a love story with intriuging characters who love and betray.  The heroine is CARMEN a worker in a cigartte factory who suduces a young officer only to betray him.  The music is of love, and suduction as  well as hatred and venom.  Bizet's Opera is my favorite, this work was the  first Opera that I listened to in its entirety.  It changed my views on  music and opened my mind to the diversity of music.  <br />Maria Callas is the  perfect Carmen. She is the most talented soprano since the introduction of  sound recording and CARMEN I would argue is her best role. Callas suduces  you with her voice. Each not entwines you with each phrase and note. You  are in love with her from here first aria.  I am at a loss for words to  describe her voice. It is one of those things you need to hear for  yourself.<br />  If you are looking to by your first Opera CARMEN will not be  disapointed.  For the collector this is a must.
0380002930|5.0|I won't go off and say that this is simply the best novel ever written.  I will say, however, that this is an outstanding novel.  If anyone wants to enjoy a well-told and captivating story with classic story-telling elements  then I strongly suggest they pick this up.  It's quite humorous to read the  comments of those who gave it one star.  Not only is allegory lost on a  portion of them but they don't seem to want to accept a different culture.   &quot;The predators are portrayed as evil&quot;.  Well, this story is being  told by the rabbit's point of view.  Therefore, anyone who wants to  kill/eat the main character is naturally going to be viewed unfavorably.   Honestly, think of something else except for neadless nit-picking.  I love  how some readers are disgusted by the idea of &quot;hraka&quot; or feces.   Get over it.  It's part of life.  Rabbits don't absorb everything into  their body without needing to pass &quot;hraka&quot;.<br />Anyway, it's very  good and I suggest you read it.  Don't make the mistake of passing up such  a wonderful novel.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|If one spends a $Million to setup an entire hometheatre and is looking for  ONE single dvd to justify the entire expense, then get this stunning  audio-visual masterpiece work of art.<br />For those for whom once is not  enough, try Phillip Glass' Anima Mundi dvd.<br />Just as Schopenheur, Emerson  and Jung changed the face of western civilization based on the  understandings of the world-wise tribes, this dvd will probably put you  through the same inflection point that inspired the westerners that altered  the face of philosophy and definition of civilization.<br />For those tired of  starvation, poverty and misery in africa, asia and elsewhere, this dvd is  positively uplifting in its elucidation of what those in advanced nations  such as USA should do to protect the wisdom of the ancients and learn for  ourselves.<br />Brilliant work! And I shall wait for an IMAX version of  Baraka-II
0783233477|5.0|There isn't much left to say after reading the other reviews.  I would  agree with all of the positives.  It is one of the most beautiful films I  have ever seen.  The nuances of acting by all of the main characters is  sensational, and reduces the need for thick dialogue.  The ending left  something to be desired, but the writers did the best they could  considering the direction the plot had taken.  The best part of the film,  however, was the love scene between Forlani and Pitt.  It was breathtaking  and moving, the angles and lighting were immaculate, and the music is  romantic yet poignant, and I the whole construction nearly brought me to  tears.  It was phenomenal, maybe the best I've ever seen.
B00004THAY|5.0|I'm 30, and have only gotten into the Blues in the last few years. What a treat to find my old fave Clapton jamming with BB King! Every song on this album had me moving!
B00000K19E|2.0|Naked Lunch, a novel by William Burroughs, described the events leading to the murder of a federal narcotics agent. Written in varying stages of substance abuse, especially alcohol and heroin, Naked Lunch attempts to  present the bizarre alternate reality of the drug world, along with its  rationalization of the crime. The agent had grown bad: simultaneously  overzealous and corrupt. His addiction was the junkies of Washington Square  Park, and he fed on them the way the centium programs in the Matrix fed on  the sleeping humans of the 22nd century. The victim there was not an  indestructible cyborg, but the killer in the Burroughs' novel was tacitly  aware that the crime could potentially bring the formidable power of the  Vietnam era federal government into the heart of their relatively secure  underground world. Neo, the drug-awakened killer in The Matrix, conversely  realizes that the murder of the guardian will almost immediately bring  about the collapse of the machine government. <br />  According to the plot,  at some point in the 21st century a war erupted between the people and the  machines. The machines won, but their domination was incomplete: a single  city, Zion, located so deeply underground that their energy source is  radiation from the Earth's core, kept alive the resistance movement that  Neo - ostensibly a computer programmer/hacker of the late 20th century - is  fated to lead to violent victory. In the course of his drug-aided  virtual-reality apotheosis, Neo ignores the attention of the female lead, a  very sexy, kick-boxing, gun-toting ex-hacker. The film could use a little  more romance and a little less violence, but that is beside its main  point.<br />  The Matrix suggests that there is something very wrong with our  humdrum lives, while making it abundantly clear that it questions American  culture without providing any satisfactory alternative. As it film, it  relies heavily on groovy special effects in its crazy-quilt re-presentationof liberal borrowings. I am inclined toward the harshest possible criticism  of this film, however, many people (far more hip than I) think it is the  cat's meow. Thus, it is likely that it is I who have become the automoton  that needs to lighten up and enjoy an essentially old-fashioned low-budget  American movie.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Before Bad Religion, Op IV and Screeching Weasel there was the Clash. While the Ramones are THE kings of Punk Rock and always will be, the Clash played a huge role in the evolution of punk, more so than the overrated Sex  Pistols. London Calling is one of the best old school punk album I've  heard. While I would recommend the original rather than the remastered,  either one is still wonderful. This album, though, is more punk/ska, it was  made around the period that The Clash and Bob Marley were involved in some  projects together, and the same time as the Specials were on the rise. The  critics can say what they want, but a lot of punkers will be wondering if  any the Clash's albums are worth getting. Definately this one, if you like  Operation IVy, The Toasters, The Specials, any punk/ska in fact, this is  indeed THE record to get.
B00000IPAX|2.0|blink 182 is not a punk band.  They are sellouts to the punk industry and a discrace to punks everywhere.  Thats not to say the music isnt good....because it is good, its just that you dont get that same feeling on  enema of the state as you do on the older albums.  Its a good cd to add to  a collection of POP cds.
0790729970|5.0|jim carrey is da bomb yo. he can act so well it is scary. this movie has  funny parts in it. the funny parts are the best parts. well stop reading  this review and buy the movie.
6305903182|5.0|I have seen all of the Scream films, and I must say that I am very impressed with the writing. I've always been a fan of horror movies but let's face the fact that horror movies today are trash, except for Scream.  Whoa, what a great conclusion to a trilogy! Scream 3 has some surprises for  the viewer. The killer (or killers) doesn't play by the rules, which is not  a good thing for Sidney (Neve Campbell), Dewey (David Arquette) and Gale  (Courteney Cox). Sidney hides in the woods, but then she decides to face  the music. There are some phat twists and turns in the film, and it is  chillingly fun. The actors were great, especially Campbell. But I enjoyed  Parker Posey's portrayal of the actress who plays Gale Weathers in Stab 3;  she's hilarious. Anyway, this film concludes a very impressive trilogy. To  be honest, I don't like teen-slasher films, but this film is too clever to  resist. I highly recommend it! Oh, by the way, if you haven't seen the  first two Scream films, I suggest you watch them before this one, otherwise  you'll be lost.
0788811355|1.0|Imagine a classified ad for a Spring Break vacation: &quot;meaningless sex and adultery in picturesque, exotic locations.&quot;  TEP's version of the same would read, &quot;as carried out by stuffy, boring, uptight characters  without any passion, chemistry, or excitement whatsoever.&quot;<br />Deprived  of an aristocracy of their own, the nekulturny American masses periodically  abase themselves before celluloid Brits and proclaim them divine. <br />Well,  OK, Britain does have divine acting, but this film &quot;ain't it&quot;.  TEP has no nutritional value, just pretty packaging. Time to wake up,  people.
0684859106|5.0|I needed a dessert and I had blueberries and so I found the Blueberry Crumb Pie recipe and made it on the fly.  It made the picnic!  Everyone was ooo-ing and ahhh-ing over the pie.  It was so delicious.  If half the  recipes are as good as this one, I will be happy.  This recipe is worth the  price of the book.
0783227019|4.0|The amazing Al Pacino plays Puerto Rican drug lord Carlito Brigante in this stylish Brian De Palma film. Parolled after serving 5 years of a 30 year prison term, thanks to a legal technicality exploited by his lawyer  friend Dave Kleinfeld (Sean Penn), Carlito vows to go strait, returning to  his old neighborhood. Things aren't how they used to be as Carlito  discovers, and he must try to find a way to make an honest living. But his  old neighborhood crowd haven't forgotten him, and soon he finds himself  involved in a drug deal gone bad.  Carlito is determined to stay clean, and  seeks refuge running a popular night club, hoping to quietly raise the  $70,000 he needs to realize his dream of renting cars in the Carribean. He  also looks up his old girlfriend Gail (Pennelope Anne Miller), a jaded but  hopeful stripper who is Carlito's one true friend and confidant. Try as he  may to stay out of trouble, he can't avoid his old habits. His loyalties to  his sleazy lawyer friend Kleinfeld, and his contempt for the young punks  who have taken his place in the drug trade prove to be his downfall, and he  must risk everything to make it out alive. The performances are fantastic,  particularly from Penn as the coked-out lawyer who is in way over his head,  and by John Leguizamo in a small but pivotal role as Benny Blanco, a young  &quot;wannabe wiseguy&quot;.  De Palma successfully blends style, action  and drama, anchored by Pacino's solid performance. The camera-work is  terriffic, and the final shootout at Grand Central Station is a thrilling  climax. We ultimately learn the lesson that our past sometimes catches up  with us, and that the street &quot;never forgets&quot;. A great movie.
0141301066|5.0|This book is great for Roald Dahl fans.  It is about a girl named Matilda  who is super smart.  At age one she can write her name.  At three she can  read perfectly.  But, while most parents would be proud of this, Matilda's  parents treat her like dirt.  She would rather read than sit around the  television.  Matilda is sent off to school and finally is appreciated in  her class.  But there is a problem at school.  The Trunchbull is the  headmaster and throws children, puts them in cupboards full of nails, and  claims she was never a child.  Matilda discovers she has magic powers and  will try her best to get rid of the Trunchbull.
B000002MP2|5.0|Just listen to it and you'll know why it is my favorite album.
0141301155|5.0|This is one of Roald Dahl's BEST.  After ten years, Willy Wonka has opened the gates of his amazing chocolate factory to the public... only 5 members that is.  Who will find the golden ticket wrapped in a Wonka chocolate?  For Charlie Bucket it's a mere dream.  Charlie is poor and only gets one  chocolate bar a year.  But one day, he finds a dollar bill in the snow and  buys himself a chocolate bar... which just happens to contain the fifth  golden ticket.  You're swept in a marvelous journey in the chocolate  factory with four brats... Mike Teavee who lives for tv...Veruca Salt  a  little brat with bratty parents...Violet Beauragarde a girl who love  gum...and Augustus Gloop who'll eat ANYTHING.  Don't worry they all get  what they deserve.  I recommend this book to anyone.
0451160916|5.0|I first read this book in 1980, at the recommendation of a coworker.  I'd stayed away from Stephen King ... too popular for my advanced tastes.  Anyway, I decided to take a look at the book about 10 PM (on a work night).   Finished it about 7 AM the next morning.  No book has ever taken over my  imagination like this, before or since.<br />Since then, I've read all of  King's work, and consider him the contemporary Dickens.  But having just  reread the Shining for, perhaps, the fourth time, it remains my favorite,  and a modern masterpiece, in my opinion.  <br />But I recognize this is  essentially personal.  I've not identified with any other character is  literature as I do with Jack Torrance.  I'm now more than ten years into  sobriety and recovery, and I've often recommended this book to men that I  sponsor.  The depiction of the alcoholic personality, the combination of  fear and resentment and self-pity, at war with Jack's very real love for  his family and desire for goodness, is expressed in a way that makes it  clear that King is writing of something he knows all too well on a personal  level.  Jack Torrance is one of literature's great tragic figures.  I can  only say, &quot;There but for the grace of God go I.&quot;<br />[By the way,  this is why I can't abide by Kubrick's interpretation.  There's no tragedy  or complexity in Nickleson's portrayal of Torrance.  Kubrick's detachment  from the human delemma ultimately doesn't work for me.]<br />I do believe that  there is a coherent force/power of evil/darkness in the world, though it is  not as powerful that the force/power of good/light.  But I think one of  King's most basic points (in all his work) is that we ignore the power of  darkness at our own risk, that this is one of the real problems in the  contemporary Age of Therapy.  Central to the Shining is the way the force  of the evil in the Hotel is able to utilize Jack's weaknesses ultimately to  turn him to its purposes--to destroy what he love themost.  I find this  very, very realistic (viewing the supernatural stuff as kind of window  dressing).<br />Having reached out for help in a way that the Torrance  character couldn't, I'm now blessed with a life happier than I could  imagine.  But this book now reminds me of how much Divine Grace is involved  for anyone blessed with the ability to build healthy loving relationships  with those around him/her, especially family members, one day at a time.
0312853238|4.0|I picked up Ender's Game because of the awards, but never expected it to deserve them so completely.  This is a highly philosophical book with a lot to say about war, children, and genius.  Card has thoughtfully chosen the  perfect setting to properly display his ideas.  He has also made  interesting characters out of the Wiggin children, leaving a lot to think  about.  This is heavy stuff, though, not easy reading.  Very thought  provoking.  My only problems were in the characterization of Ender and  Valentine espcecially.  With Ender, there is very little room for faults.   He is portrayed as a kind hearted genius who is only ruined by the hand of  adults.  Valentine isn't developed enough to be seen as much more than the  sweetest thing that ever walked the planet with a nearly perfect brain in  her beautiful little head.  They became slightly sickening over time.  But  even with these things, Card has developed great contrasts and similarities  that could only be injected with the perfectly set up circumstances.  All  in all, any faults this book has is worth the thoughts Card has to give.
B000002BYA|5.0|One of the best 'Live'performances ever released!  Really an incendiary album,of SRV,with guest appearances of great names!  This album must be at any good blues colection,as one of the most importants!  The Double  Trouble performance is fantastic everywhere they goes..... Unforgetable  album,primorous....INCENDIARY!
6303461484|5.0|By watching this movie I realized the Following: The sickness of the mind of a serial killer in real life, is greater than any movie can present. 52 dead women and children! Jesus Christ!
B00004R997|3.0|SALUDOS AMIGOS is an obscure Disney film from 1943.  Even though it is  offically marketed and promoted by the studio as its 6th animated feature,  it has many live-action or non-animated segments.  The animated  &quot;shorts&quot; mixed into the film are entertaining, but the  live-action &quot;documentary&quot; sequences get tiresome after a while  and are very dated by today's standards.  And since SALUDOS AMIGOS is only  42 minutes long, it just barely qualifies as a feature film.  <br />SALUDOS  AMIGOS is a very average Disney film from the studio's golden era, and time  hasn't been as kind to it as it has been to many of its other animated  films.
0767821629|5.0|Excellent sci-fi that challenges our assumptions about what is real and what is not.  Similar to the matrix but premise is more believable.
6301224612|4.0|The video is great and shows Bruce and the E Street Band in their gold  days, but I'm not agree with all its content. I think it would be less  videoclips and more live performances, specially of Darkness, the River and  Born in the USA tours. Also there are many singles that aren't the best  Bruce's songs (Glory days, I'm on fire, ...). Despite it, you should buy it  if you're a great fan of the Boss.
B000031X7T|5.0|i'll not say much,  but although this cd is quite expensive, the amazingly powerful songs make it so worth while buying!   it's a must for all floyd fans, take it from me!
6301557824|5.0|Being a fan of Bernadette Peters, I bought this movie to add to my  collection.  I'm familiar with Clint Eastwood movies, and I thought this  one was going to be in the same category as the others.  Well, I was wrong;  this movie excells to one of his best films.  Whether it is Bernadette's  portrayel of Lou Ann, or the great chemistry between the two main  characters, this movie quickly became one of my favorites.  Whether a Clint  Eastwood or Bernadette Peters fan, or just a fan of great movies in  general, add this one to your collection.
B00002EPJH|4.0|One of the most imaginative and daring pianists of the last 30 years shares the sum of his maturity in this delicate yet intense, economic yet lyric, set of interpretations of classic American songs.  The  characteristic Jarrett assurance is replaced here by a more searching  quality along with greater deference to the song, as though the interpreter  is more willing to see where its melody will lead him, rather than vice  versa.  My only regret is that he chose to lead with &quot;I Loves You  Porgy,&quot; the same song Bill Evans recorded for the ages as the opening  number on Vol. I of &quot;The Paris Concert.&quot;  Re-listening to that  transcendent performance,  I couldn't help but be struck by the  &quot;body&quot; of the tone, the density of the melodic and harmonic  structures, and the absolute purposefulness of every note of each chorus.  Jarrett's version is nowhere near that level.  But it sets a standard among  living pianists--and a high one at that.
0790729628|5.0|great classic.<br />sci-fi, mystery, action, suspense, philosophical.<br />earnest, tough Deckard (harrison ford) has a seemingly cut and dry case - bad killer human androids on the loose, and must be  destroyed. but there are complications, of course.<br />there's something  nicely postmodern about watching old futuristic movies on a computer. and  there are some movies which i can't believe were made so perfectly, with  such primitive resources (i.e., 70s/early 80s), and star wars and blade  runner are two of them. for all the techno-super-logy we have now, there  aren't any blade runners.<br />magical wonderful haunting film.
1559946954|5.0|This book made me laugh a lot.  To understand it better you should read Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.  This time, Willie Wonka has taken Charlie's whole family into outer space in the great glass elevator.  The grandparents made me laugh the most, especially when they yell at Mr.  Wonka.  Mr. Wonka is his craziest ever in this book!  They have to save the  space station from being squashed by aliens, though!  Watch out for Willie  Wonka in this hilarious book.
0783240503|5.0|Since enough reveiws have been written concerning the costumes, sets, and presentation. I thought I'd concentrate on the perfomers first and then add my bit on the others if space permits. Players:<br />Maria Friedman  (Narrator): I thought she did a very good job! I loved her voice and how  she sang the words. Her expressions were quite nice and everyone who has  seen this video with me agrees that she seems to be having a GREAT  time!<br />Donny Osmond (Joseph): Great voice, great interpretation and great  transistion from Dreamer Joseph to Leader of Egypt Joseph. If you pay  attention Joseph is so much more mature at the end of the story. Osmond  almost seems born to play the role!<br />Sir Richard Attenborough (Jacob):  Brought grace and dignity to the role. This is how I pictured Jacob! When I  first heard he was going to be in Joseph I figured maybe they meant  somebody else. I'm glad they didn't. The interaction between Attenborough  and Osmond is top notched! You can feel the love between Jacob and Joseph  at the end of the show.<br />Ian McNeice (Potiphar): He has the right  millionairish look about him. I liked his performace up until 'Joseph I'll  see you'll rot in. . .'. I just didn't like his interpretation as much as  say, the Canadian Potiphar.<br />Joan Collins (Mrs. Potiphar): Excellent  choice for the role, bringing star power behind it. I love how she reacts  to Joseph's refusal. You can tell THIS is a woman who's used to getting who  she wants! And her look of indifferentness as Joseph is carried away is  just so fitting to the character. It's like 'Take him away if you want.  I'll just find me a new toy.'<br />Robert Torti (Pharaoh): Best 'King' I've  heard, and he is absolutely hilarious!<br />Christopher Biggins (Baker): He  was ok. Didn't care much for his vocal presentation. However, his physical  presentation was top notch! Love that faint!<br />Alex Jennings (Butler): Best  Butler I've seen! His performance in the role was perfect! Too badhe was  only on for such a short time.<br />Nicolas Colicos (Reuban, One More Angel  soloist): I loved his vocal prsentation of OMA better on the London  recording, but his physical presentation is a treat. Also his reprise is  quite comical as you can see poor Reuban is making it up as he goes along!  I should add that his intro in Jacob and Sons is a treat! It's lively,  comical and just plain. . . FUN!<br />Jeff Blumenkrantz (Simeon, Those Canaan  Days soloist): I loved his performance! Not just in Canaan days but  throughout the entire show. His performance in TCD is memorable and near  perfection. Haven't seen a better TCD soloist yet!<br />Gerry McIntyre (Judah,  Benjamin Calypso soloist): Absolutely hilarious job! He had me laughing all  throughout BC. The funniest part by far is his 'Benjamin is an INNOCENT  MAN!' Never have I heard it that way! I was rolling on the couch! My only  gripe with him is I still have no idea what the heck he's doing in Grovel  Grovel lol!<br />Amanda Courtney-Davies (Apache Dancer, [and, I believe  Reuban's wife]): I'm fairly certain she was also Reuban's wife. If not,  well then take this next reveiw to whoever was. Was so very funny in OMA.  Sometime during OMA watch her the whole time (particularly when Reuban says  'To wrestle with. . . a goat!') Another high point in her performance was  in TCD when Zebulun drops her (intended). Though minor characters, her  performance with them both was worth mentioning.<br />Michael Small (Zebulun):  A great dancer! I felt his number in TCD days was worth a mention. And  check out his jumps at the start of the OMA hoedown!<br />Other mentions:  Martin Callaghan(Asher), Patrick Clancy (Issachar), Peter Challis (Gad).  Though they didn't receive much camera time, keep an eye on them in the  background of most numbers, you'll definately get a laugh! I only wish  space allowed me room to comment on all the brothers!
6304602979|4.0|This DVD doesn't have much to offer other than a great movie with a bunch of cameos from some big name actors. A good DVD to have in the collection if you liked the film.
0783222475|3.0|Do you say you love disaster movies?  This volcano flick takes all the cliches and throws them into a half-baked plot that will keep you laughing all the way, after the first victims are boiled alive in a  suddenly-scalding pool.  Everything in this potboiler is predictable but so  far-fetched that it becomes almost the prototypical MST3K movie, except you  can provide your own jeers.  It's hard to believe they were serious as they  filmed it--but if they were, I pity their maturity.  I prefer to think that  they were chuckling and trying to figure out what else to throw in to put  it over the top.
B00004U2GH|5.0|This was the first Johnny Cash record I had ever heard. I suppose it greatly proves what kinda personality Johnny Cash has, how close he is to the man in the street, and how wonderful music he plays. Interestingly  enough, this record is favoured not only by country fans but others too who  never listen to country but rock, for example. I do believe this CD belongs  in every music lover's collection no matter what music they prefer. You  won't be dissatisfied, you can take my word for it!
B00000K19E|3.0|Once more... I knew it before seing it.  The theme is great, even if not totally original.  The FX are nice, certainly impressive for addicted to the genre.  At the end of the day, I was feeling embarassed for the  director during scenes like this ridiculous fight between the columns of  the bad guys' HQ.  Too bad.  I really was captured by the first minutes.   But there is no depth in the following.  The actors are good.  The scenario  is pitiful.  However, see it just to imagine what if could have been -  maybe a kind of 2001 Space Odyssey in its own genre!
6305750750|2.0|As I'm sure you know, this movie is so extremely average that it is a mountainous blemish on the face of the Star Wars saga.  The standards George Lucas had to live up to for this project were immense, but this  movie is a letdown all the same.  The original three movie arc was a dark,  dramatic saga that was perfectly paced, beautifully written, and featured  strong, three dimensional characters.  Episode I, conversely, lacks the  dramatic edge that marked the previous efforts.  Instead of Chewbacca we  get Jar Jar Binks, an overgrown frog with an ugly pug of a face and a voice  that's about as soothing as a drill through the head.  Instead of a tightly  knit plot propelling the movie forward, the entire film feels like action  scenes with numbing drivel inbetween.  The importance of Anakin is somewhat  underscored.  He has &quot;special blood&quot; and can compete in pod  races, but that's the only look we get of his abilities.<br />The core  audience for these movies was established 23 years ago.  With this movie  Lucas is trying to appeal to the next generation, but he's supplying them  with inferior product.  Summation:  kill Jar Jar Binks, up the Darth Maul  factor times 10 to make it dark and edgey again, tighten up the plot *A  LOT*, cut out the circus/kiddy feel, and focus more on the characters who  will be in the forthcoming movies (not Subulba, not JJB, not those weird  looking Jedi dudes).  Appended to the holy name of Star Wars, this movie is  nearly blasphemous.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Well, I don't like it. I have a lot of respect for Santana, even if was not a great fan oh his previous albums.  But this one definitely smells too much the marketing stuff of the big production firms.  Use the brand (the  name and the sound) to sell something new. I knew the famous hit, and I  didn't like it.  Just a matter of sound.  When I heard the album, I was  feeling miserable.  There is no inspiration.  It really is a sad success.   I definitely feel more comfortable with goa experimentation.  There I feel  some common musical roots with Schubert, Puccini, Charlie Parker, Pink  Floyd, Keith Jarrett or Oasis.
B000002JSN|5.0|This is a great CD though it is overlooked when thinking of great albums by Zeppelin. (IV, or ZOSO)  Every song on these two discs are great from Kashmir (of course), Houses of the Holy, Ten Years Gone, and The Wanton  Song.  There is a great acoustic song called Bron-YR-Aur named after a  cabin they recorded some of their albums in.  Each song has a different  style, but all are great and blend together very well.  It is hard to find  CD's now where every song is worth listening to!.
B00002DE2L|3.0|My piano teacher always says, &quot;The first time you do something different (this is in musical terms), everyone says, 'Wow. That's interesting.' The second time, everyone's just kind of like, 'Well, um,  it's pretty cool, I guess, now that I've heard it again even though it's  not as original,&quot; and the third time, everyone can just set their  watch to what you do, it's become so trite and overused. Unfortunately, I  was able to set my watch to what Ms. Mutter did in this recording. How much  overused vibrato can one person use in Vivaldi? I'm not pushing for some  cold stereotyped Suzuki performance of the work, but oh, please. Vibrato is  like a seasoning. Doesn't too much seasoning just kind of spoil the food,  no matter how good it is? It's like ornamentation -- remember they're  ornaments, not the actual piece. Ms. Mutter loses the idea of the line of  the Four Seasons. She cites her earlier 1984 recording of the work with  Herbert von Karajan as a &quot;High Mass...like a deep red wine.&quot;  Perhaps not as youthful, perhaps a bit ponderous (although it's not like  we're talking Eugen Jochum or something here) but Karajan sure did know how  to DELIVER appropriately. &quot;Don't play for yourself,&quot; my teacher  says. &quot;Remember that someone is listening, and you have to respect  that person as well and reveal to them how much you revere and love the  composer.&quot; I mean, Mutter is passionate, but she needs to remember  that she's not playing Bruch here. Also, she frequently puts virtuousity  above the music; tempi are somewhat unreliable, and there is no reason for  most of her nuances. In fact, I do like the Trondheim soloists, though.  They are an admirably polished group of individuals who know what they're  doing.<br />Okay, so I kind of bought this CD because I liked the  cover...other than the fact that I would pay money to see Anne-Sophie just  change her violin strings, lest actually play the violin. But, I mean, this  is way too muchabout Anne-Sophie Mutter. I mean, I enjoy the art of  Graubner as well (the whole CD is like about this artist), but  they really  went overboard with somehow linking him to Vivaldi and the Four Seasons. I  mean, I have imagination, but Anne-Sophie Mutter should not act like some  sort of shameless pop artist who  makes the music about HER and not about  the MUSIC. However, there is a heartfelt dedication to the memory of her  late husband.<br />Now, I know that the Heifetz or other older recordings of  this work are more &quot;off the path of period practice&quot; than this  and many other newer recordings, but the delivery is amazing in those older  recordings, and also...remember this...each age has its own appropriate  practices. What Heifetz did 70 years ago might not be right for Violinst X  in terms of interpretation practice. <br />Anne-Sophie Mutter is truly one of  the great violinsts of our time. Maybe this was just a slight miss among  her many successes (like the 1999 Grammy Beethoven Sonatas).
6304765789|5.0|I sometimes think professional reviewers are influenced too much by each other's reviews.  I found this movie to be neither &quot;not as clever as it tries to be&quot; or &quot;mean-spirited&quot;.  I found it clever and  ultimately uplifting.  There are many messages here, and they are presented  in a most entertaining way. Michael Douglas' character has built his  miserable life brick by brick.  He needs a way back into a happy,  meaningful life and doesn't even know it.  Tell me this isn't an inspiring  personal metamorphosis through stressful self-examination a la Ebenezer  Scrooge! What more do you want from a movie?
B000002NHN|3.0|After going through several pages of reviews here, I've come to the conclusion that the majority of people here either fall into one or the other category.  I don't see a middle road here at all.  I suppose it's  Loreena's longtime fans who have a problem with this CD, but those that  don't know her work very well love it.  I have heard very little of her  work (I don't like Christmas albums and it seems most places are sold out  of her earlier albums, grr) but I would have to admit something about this  CD:  Loreena seems to be in a rut.  This CD is very similar to Mask and the  Mirror.  The only other CD I've heard is The Visit; it's not much like the  previous two.  Artists get into ruts all the time, though, so I don't  consider this to be the end of the world.  Loreena has admitted that she  isn't a very prolific writer.  I find the lyrics in some of her songs  &quot;lacking&quot;, since I can't think of a better word.  Even though I  think Night Ride Across the Caucasus is pretty, it's mostly filled with  repititons of the chorus, has a total of five verses, and runs for 8 1/2  minutes!   That's a bit much.  One of the few songs on here that's  wall-to-wall singing (words, not just humming) is The Highwayman, which I  understand was done by someone else in the '60's.  I wonder if Loreena has  ever heard it?  Her version has a bit of a country feel to it...I thought  this was England?  I don't remember any highwaymen in Texas.  Doesn't  matter though, it's missing some feeling...I read the poem in high school  and felt it was just tragic; but I feel no sense of tragedy here, it's like  reading a newspaper (&quot;Oh, look, another person's dead.  Nothing  special; now it's out the door and on with our lives.&quot;)  Mummer's  Dance is neither here nor there.  Skellig...the most Celtic-sounding track  of them all. Probably my most favorite track on here is Marco Polo...sounds  very Middle Eastern, and has a lot of feeling behind it.  It makes me want  to take upbellydancing, though I think it's a bit too slow to dance to;  I've always liked &quot;ethnic&quot; music, so not everyone is going to  like this track.  The only other track on here that has any feeling to it  for me is Dante's Prayer.  I would say that there are no &quot;musical  mistakes&quot; on this album (an instrument stuck in somewhere that doesn't  fit in, or something else that doesn't sound right, like the steel pedal  guitar in The Bonny Swans on The Mask and Mirror; at least I think it's  that one...) which makes it's sound very commercialized.  Doesn't sound  quite as bad as the &quot;new-age Celtic&quot; junk I hear all the time or  I wouldn't have bought this.  But I still find it lacking something that I  can't put my finger on.  Perhaps this may be a result of burnout after  making music for 15 years and running her own company (I've read she's  currently on hiatus), or the fact that Loreena's husband-to-be was killed  the year this album was released.  Loreena's habit of  &quot;researching&quot; her albums may also be what the problem is; other  artists I've known who take an anthropological view to their work don't  know when to stop the research and start doing the work and end up killing  it. Whatever the reason, I think I will reserve absolute praise or  criticism until I hear her next album.  She may surprise us all.
630027179X|5.0|Simply put, &quot;Excalibur&quot; is the greatest sword and scorcery movie ever made and also the best movie account of the legend of King Arthur ever made. John Boorman is a visonary director, always chosing unusual  prodjects. He spent years finsihing &quot;Excalibur,&quot; and what a  magnificient flim it is, with glittering knights fighting awkwardly in the  fog, in dream-like landscapes full of magic and fear. Using mostly young  unknown actors, he creates a most splendid Camelot. Some of these unknowns,  like Gabriel Byrne, Helen Mirren, and of course Patrick Stewart, went on to  fame and fortune in the movies and in &quot;Star Trek.&quot;  &quot;Excalibur&quot; has such high spirits, literally, with Merlin,  spendidly played by Nichol Williamson, helping create the new vision of a  country united but not without troubles, battles, betrayals and death.  Boorman's images gleam with a sacred fire, the shinning armor, the mossy  green landscapes of medieval England, jousting tournaments, secret spells,  and love affairs. The music of Wagner punctuates the rising of the sacred  sword, Excalibur, ascending out of the mist, held by the Lady of the Lake.  Merlin uses his magic to help but also gets his heroes in trouble and he  warns but they have too much lust and passion to listen to him. What begins  as good intentions by Arthur drawing the sword from the stone, creates a  wondrous kingdom,leads to the famous betrayal of Lancelot and  Gwynevere,full of passion, then breaking apart of the kingdom, with the  appearance of Mordrid (played by Charlie Boorman, the director's son)who  wants to topple the King and claim Camelot and destroy all it stands for,  and then the climactic battle, full of fury and bloody armor clashing,  visions and great energy. &quot;Excalibur,&quot; riding on pagan and Celtic  spells, and the dragon's breath conjured by the mysterious words chanted by  Merlin, is the greatest vision John Boorman has created in his excellent  film career, a masterpiece of the genre, a deep-felt, visually stunning  movie that has few equals.
0380788624|4.0|It is unfortunate that a book that ranges over many interesting ideas founders at its conclusion over the incredible assertion on the role of gold and currency.
0140182829|5.0|The most important advice I can think to offer right now is: read this book.  <br />Second most important advice: if you want more information about &quot;Le Grand Meaulnes&quot; there are some great reviews already written  - they provide more information than I will but the conclusion is always  the same: &quot;read this book&quot;.  <br />Third most important advice: the  time you spend reading all the reviews, you could just read the book: it's  a short read but will last forever.
B00004U8H4|4.0|After seeing this movie the day it came out, I was very impressed.  The directing by Mary Harron is absoultely amazing, she really made the book come to life in this thriller..  The movie goes through twists and turns  and I recommend anyone this movie if you like thinking while watching  movies....  Pat Bateman, portrade by Christian Bale is the main character  throughout the movie there are many monologues which are absoultely  beautiful and make the movie no doubt... So if you like a moview that  twists and turns and has a high shock value this is the movie for you.
0792839730|3.0|This disc is an example of a relatively good film ruined by bad mastering.  The video is the most noticeable example of this fact.  There are artifacts galore which pop up in many places, and were noticeable in my  first viewing.  There is a lot of noise and pixelation throughout which  makes it hard to see what is going on, especially the last few scenes where  Sean Connery's men are walking through a rainy area.  Parts of the film  seem to look very dated and should have been remastered instead of being  released as is.  The audio is lackluster and relatively unremarkable.  The  movie itself was first-rate.  The acting and directing was very well done.   The story gives us a grim reminder that, in war, the good guys don't always  win.  Overall, I think this film would have benefitted immensely from  either Criterion Collection treatment or at least a serious effort by MGM  to remaster the film.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I have read a bunch of reviews critizing Britney and her album and honestly I think half the people who gave her one star on Amazon haven't even listened to it or are just giving it one star because they hate pop  music.  Honestly I think this is definatly her best Cd and all of the songs  on it are awesome.  I love the songs Lucky, Can't Make You love Me, and  What U see is what U get.  Those are just my favorites and all of the other  are really good to.  Anyway if you're gonna give it One star because you  don't like Britney or pop music, actually listen to the album.  I think  you'll be surprised.
B000000WA4|5.0|. . . is the numerous additional songs that aren't on it.  The ``Zero'' single is practially an album in itself, ``1979'' is solid, four good songs, and ``Thirty Three'' is essential for ``The Aeroplane Flies High'',  my favorite song from this project.  As kind of a joke, the last song on  the ``Zero'' single incorporates the themes from about 50 unrecorded songs.   The guy can write like a madman, and most of it is good.  Like I said,  remarkable.
B00000K19E|5.0|Starring Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. The Matrix delivers one of the best films for special effects and for a storyline. It`s a film in which you will be glued to from beginning to end and wanting you to press  rewind on your remote and watch it over and over again ! The Matrix is  about a man who`s eyes are opened to the real world around him by taking  him into a reality dimension that`s hard not to think it could be  for  real. I love this film and I`ve yet to find anyone who didn`t feel the same  too !
B00004U45G|4.0|I just wish that Page and the Crows would have went ahead and put out this version of Live At the Greek to begin with instead of jerking the fans who bought the Musicmaker.com version around. By the Way all marketing ploys  aside Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes are Absolutely phenomenal on this two  CD collection of various Zep songs and the handful of other songs that  range from the yardbirds, fleetwood mac and other old blues numbers.   Musically speaking it rules. It is quite pleasant to ears!
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is a extraordinary tale of exile and survival.  It is a story  of prophecy, heroism and leadership. This is an epic novel of a group of adventurers who desert their doomed existence, and venture forth  against all odds on a quest for a new home with brighter horizons and a  sturdier future.  A remarkable journey filled with suspense, heart thumping  escapes and sparkled with incredible vision.  This book has quickly become  a classic as it is a great story of literary depth and spiritual triumph.   You will love every moment as you tremble through the trials and  experiences of these beautiful characters, while you marvel in the wonder  of this author's brilliance.  Richard Adams has created an enchanting and  beloved treasure with this one.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I absolute, positively LOVE the movie, &quot;Labyrinth&quot;! When I first saw it when I was six years old, I was rolling on the floor with laughter at the goblins and I was both frightened by and enchanted with Jareth, the  Goblin  King.<br />By the time I was 10, I was reciting just Sarah's speech  over and over.<br />Now, at the age of fifteen, I write Labyrinth stories and  poems.  I find myself constantly comparing my mother to Sarah's stepmother  and I feel like I AM Sarah!  Nearly every night, I have to stay home and  babysit my little sister. I've tried many, many times to wish my little  sister away, but it didn't work!  I'm still enchanted with Jareth, but it  is in a MUCH different way. *blushes*  I reccomend getting this movie.  I  reccomend watching it at least twice a day, like I do!
B00003Q43A|5.0|Man, what a fun movie.  A total visual and emotional feast (notice how I left out the word &quot;intellectual&quot;).  But intellectual stimulation is not what this movie is about.  This movie makes references (and perhaps  pays the &quot;multi-million dollar&quot; homage) to the themes of some of  the classic Hollywood sci-fi flicks over the past 50-odd years.  First, you  have the city scaled, massive spacecraft hovering over major cities...can  anyone remember the 1982 TV series &quot;V&quot; which also borrowed that  theme from classic 50's sci-fi flicks as well?  I mean, the giant  sun-blocking spacecraft hovering overhead is as old as science fiction, yet  it still impresses the hell out of us when we see it.  The ending scenes  with Goldblum and his laptop inputting a computer virus in to the  mothership: an obvious borrowing from &quot;War of the Worlds&quot; but  instead of the virus being biological it was technological.  The aliens  themselves &quot;consuming every natural resource and then moving on&quot;:   the Borg on Star Trek, The Next Generation.  There are other subtle  references in the movie as well.  Throw in a good mix of underdog, regular  Joe characters that have to come together to save humanity and you've got  classic sci-fi on your hands.  <br />Unfortunately, Europeans need not apply  in seeing this flick as many of them (once again) deplore the lack of any  other nationalities getting much air time and wait while the Americans do  all the work.  This is purely an American flick.  Sorry.<br />In short, it's  classic sci-fi done in a modern setting and I'm sure the formula will still  prevail 30 years from now when another movie is made in a very similar  vein, using very similar concepts involving Hollywood sci-fi that have been  around since printed film was invented.  And yes, I'll go see it then, too.
B000000WA2|5.0|Usually when a band reaches its peak their follow up albums are never as good. Take bands like oasis Morning glory and then be here now. be here now was a huge blot in an excellent copy book. The same happened with other  artists like The Stone Roses self entitled to the second coming and  Elastica did the same.<br />Blur however are differant they are consistent  each time coming up with brilliant albums,surprising the critcs with their  pieces of intelligent music ranging from pop (like the great escape) to  american indie (blur) to experimental genius with their lastest offering of  13<br />The Great Escape is a superb piece of work with music going from the  mellowing Yuko and Hiro to the outragous with Mr. Robinsons Quango. Damons  soft voice going into a chas and dave sort of form to beutiful vocals no  matter what he sings.<br />Even in 2000 this album sounds as freash as it did  when it was first released making it a lastable brilliant and chirpy piece  of work.<br />ESSENTIAL!
6303140157|5.0|This movie is really good!  My friend made me see it and I was sooo surprised.  It was hilarious!  It's really cool to see Lauren Hill as a teen.  I really like how the kids freestyle.  If you live in California  (esp. bay area), like Rap music, or a Lauren Hill fan, you'll like it.  I  think it's a creative, funny, and cool movie.  It's a good movie to watch  with some good friends and popcorn.
B00004T9UF|5.0|For anyone who has not purchased Eminems new CD yet...i suggest you go out right now! This is defiantely his best CD..and all of the songs on it are awesome. Eminem def. has some talent there...and no one can deny it! Yeah  it has explicit content...but the fact that it is so damn funny makes up  for that. And yeha he makes fun of some other celebrities...but who  wouldnt? I mean come on people...you have to understand that this CD ROCKS!
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit is one of the best groups out today. I love this cd and they are by far by favorite group and not just because Fred is hot. I think that this cd is a lot better then &quot;Three dollar bill&quot;.  The songs are  more diverse and have a different tone then the ones on &quot;three dollar  bill&quot;.  I have many favorites but i really like no sex on significant  other. Go out and by this cd, you will be glad that you did!
B00004THAY|3.0|Some good tracks, some pedestrian tracks.  Nothing very original but guess they enjoyed doing it.
6305546789|5.0|&quot;Halloween&quot; is my favorite movie of all time. Ever since I saw it, I have loved it and having seen it several times after, the entertainment value didn't drop at all. The plotline is simple: 6-year old  Michael Myers stabs his sister to death on Halloween, 1963. 15 years later,  on October 30, 1978, he escapes from the mental hospital and returns to his  small town of Haddonfield, Illinois, to start a new reign of terror. He  stalks 3 teenage girls into the night, where the real scares begin. This  film is what started the &quot;slasher&quot; craze in the 1980's. John  Carpenter does a wonderful job directing the film, keeping Michael hidden  in the shadows, appearing and disappearing randomly, and he also devised a  perfect main theme which is now of the most famous themes in horror  history. This is Jamie Lee Curtis' first stint as an actress and I must  say, she is awesome. She plays the virginal Laurie Strode to a tee, using  her wits to outsmart the killer. Donald Pleasence plays Dr. Sam Loomis,  Michael's psychiatrist, who tracks him down in the hopes of stopping him. A  very tight and suspenseful horror film with absolutely no drop of blood  spilled onscreen at all. Followed by numerous initations and 6 sequels.  Also starring Charles Cyphers, Nancy Loomis and PJ Soles.
0312243022|4.0|The reader from Singapore who wrote the first review on The Hours has done the rest of us a great disservice by revealing the ending. Glad you liked the book, but did you have to go and blow the surprise like that?
B000000FG8|5.0|This is the best punk cd of all time.I first got just because i liked rancid and i just thought it was pretty good.I listened to it more and now i love it much more than rancid.I like jesses voice better than tims and  the lyrics are wonderful and positive.I dont have a favorite song because  they are all great.I listn to mostly nirvana and not that much punk because  a lot of the bands sound the same.Op ivy is a great original punk band.Its  better than sex pistols,the clash ,germs,black flag,offspring and sublime  which are all great bands.
B00003CWOL|5.0|If Dogma is an example of what Christianity might be EVOLVING into...I definitely approve! I applaud Kevin Smith's effort in this film. I can see that he's an advocate of tolerance and of many other things that are  considered anti-Christian. Homosexuality, racism, sex, profanity are woven  into the story from the correct angle. Kevin's faith and relationship with  his God are not contingent with whether he smokes or curses. He thinks that  God has better things to do than worry about how to punish you for sleeping  with someone of your same sex or for masturbating. I applaud Kevin for his  satirical approach to the Christian traditions. I especially enjoyed his  raising the question that Jesus was Black. He's had the guts to say (quite  loudly) what is wrong with organized religion, and quite frankly...IT'S ABOUT  TIME!<br />I must continue by saying that my Atheism is a source of pride not  shame. Mysticism advocates that people relinquish their ability to think  and embrace irrationality.  I do not condone nor foster in any way any  negation of the MIND or the SELF.  It is on those grounds that I cannot  accept any part of what mysticism (i.e. Christianity, Buddhism, New Age,  Witchfraft, etc.) has to offer. However, this is a free country and I will  defend anyone's right to follow their chosen faith as well as their right  to follow NONE. I expect the same courtesy.<br />DOGMA is already part of my  collection. I love Kevin's work for being intelligent and pungent. After  watching it I bought all his other movies: Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Clerks.  They're all absolutely funny.<br />I read the reviews: people complaining  about the nudity, and the profanity...saying the movie is blasphemous, too  preachy, too serious, not serious enough.... blah, blah, blah. Don't buy  DOGMA or ANY movie based on the reviews you read, YOU HAVE A BRAIN! Rent it  first, if you like it buy it - that's all there's to it.<br />I would like,  however, to point out to those who were insulted by the movie to be more  discreet about their self-righteousness and indignation. After all, there  are those (of us) who don't forget about Christianity's skeletons in the  closet. We as a race of THINKING INDIVIDUALS have worked long and hard to  come out of those DARK AGES that spawned The Catholic Inquisition, and I  for one, wouldn't want to live in a world that is seeking eagerly to go  back to that travesty. Back 1995, I read an article in which The Vatican  admitted it was &quot;wrong&quot; to have exiled Galileo Galilei and to  have burned alive his assistant for stating that the Sun is the center of  the solar system and not Earth - as was the belief. <br />If you want to be  outraged about something be outraged about that...THAT is obcene!
B00004SE2Y|4.0|I think this CD is a cool cd even though it's a bit different from her first one...the only good songs are, Oops...I Did It Again, Don't Go Knocking On My Door, What You See Is What You Get, and Lucky. The good songs from this import is Heart, You Got It All and Girl In The Mirrior  even though it sounds like it should be on her first CD. Another song of  Britney's that i think should be on her album is I'm So Curious which is on  one of her singles. If anything i think you should by this CD!
B000002MY3|5.0|I've heard Vixen, Pat Benatar and Joan Jett. They sounded like rebels. But after listening to this album, I place Alanis Morissette on top! <br />In Perfect she resents her parents for pushing her to the limit.In her  signature song You Oughta Know she threatens to do bodily harm to her  former lover.More than just sounding like a rebel,she sounds like a tough  girl! <br />This breakout album for Morissette is so compelling that it along  with Shania Twain's Come On Over and Bryan Adams' Reckless have become   three of Canada's bestselling albums in history!    <br />This is THE classic  rock album performed by a female you MUST HAVE!
B00004TH83|4.0|I WILL LISTEN AGAIN...AND AGAIN... AND AGAIN...AND AGAIN...AND AGAIN...AND AGAIN. :-) By the way, five stars is just way too extravagant for any one.
B00004U45G|5.0|&quot;Live at the Greek&quot; captures one of the greatest pairings of a modern rock band with one of its legendary influences.  This 2-CD live set was taped at a show from the Summer &amp; Fall 1999 tour of the Black  Crowes and the rock-god Jimmy Page.  The 14 Led Zeppelin covers will not  disappoint any loyal Zeppelin fan, and will excite the younger Black Crowes  following.  The heart of the album is really the 6 blues covers, the cover  of BB King's &quot;Woke Up this Morning&quot; is excellent.  As usual Page  contributes a whole-hearted performance, and the feuding Robinson brothers  sound as good as ever.  This is CD is a must have for any Zeppelin or  Crowes fan.  If you enjoy live music in general, this CD is worth the price  of admission.
B00001ODGR|5.0|What a show!  I really enjoyed seeing these guys on tour again.  Unfortunately it looks as though it won't happen again.  This is a quality disc.  Great sound,  some good interviews and extras.  I would have like to  see more tunes but I really think 5-6 hour concerts were only done by the  Grateful Dead.  Suite Madame Blue was a real highlight for me.  All Styx  fans of the good days in the late seventies and early eighties needs to get  a copy of this.
B00004STPT|5.0|Listening is believing! Hans Zimmer's beautiful orchestral music with Lisa Gerrard's haunting voice. Relive the entire movie with this CD.  Its very powerful and emotional. Highly recommend! *****
B00004U45G|5.0|As one of the many who bought the black crowes first c.ds and enjoyed the style and content I must confess they slipped through the cracks when it came to purchases in later years.I also own countless led zep and jimmy  pages outrider(a favourite)this double taste comes roaring out of the  deepest part of rocks soul. I would rate this as one of my wisest purchases  this year especially the second c.d.It is like finding a new group among  the countless pretenders to rocks crown,this adds a new chapter in live  rock that will be remembered in the same breathe as the new walter trout as  one of the best of the new century.
B00003CWL6|3.0|Well its a quite originall story but it doesnt deserve the Oscar for best Acor and Picture!  I dont understand why everybody loves that movie! &quot;Cider House Rules&quot; or &quot;Green Mile&quot; where much better  than that the movie and the actors were  much better! But at least  A.Benning dindnt won the award oh, and what happened to her baby I didnt  heard anything about it AFTER the oscarnight!  Afterall the Poster looks  good!
B0000027F3|5.0|If you could only have one heavy metal cd in your collection, this should be it! Halford is his amazing self and the guitars of Glenn Tipton and K.K. Downing are just screaming! Scott Travis hold them all together with his  relentless pounding of the skins. This is a must have!  Painkiller, All  Guns Blazing, Metal Meltdown, and One Shot at Glory are the best of the  best. Long Live Heavy Metal!
B000002WYT|5.0|I consider Crash to be DMB's best studio recording. Highlights here include Crash Into Me, Too Much, Say Goodbye, Let You Down, Proudest Monkey, and Drive In Drive Out. Tim Reynolds' electric guitar gives this CD  an edge that Under The Table And Dreaming was missing. However, if you are  looking for the best DMB CD, it's positively &quot;Live at Red Rocks  8.15.95.&quot;. Nothing beats that one.
B00000AFFI|3.0|I'm not certain, but I suspect that P J Harvey is the granddaughter of Vincent Price. Is This Desire? is morose, garish (including the distorted demonic vocals of `No Girl So Sweet') and suitable for the soundtrack of  one of those \\"thrasher\\" movies which comes out each Halloween. Lots of  oh-so-spooky theatrics, and a bent toward primal rock and roll. She does a  dynamic and breathtaking Velvet Underground two-chord rave-up (The Wind  &amp; My Beautiful Leah).<br />Despite the overall \\"here comes the boogeyman\\"  atmosphere of Is This Desire?, the album is accessible. Running through  many compositions are beautiful melodies (Celine Dion could sing `Angelene'  in major keys and no one would recognize it as a P J Harvey composition),  and white boy blues rhythms (the bass guitar on `A Perfect Day Elise' &amp;  the piano introduction to `The River'). Although P J takes October the 28th  a bit too seriously (such as the slow as cold molasses `Electric Light'),  Is This Desire? is an impressive blend of contemporary rock and \\"just when  you thought is was safe to go back inside\\" melodrama.
0395974682|5.0|This book is my favorite, and I'm only a teen! The plot is amazing,and it combines a variety of action,suspense,comedy,and romance.Don't mind the length of the book,after reading it you'll see why! J.R.R. Tolkien's very  best!
B00003CX5A|4.0|Okay, I know horrors aren't meant to be funny, but this film was! And that's why I really enjoyed it, much to my surprise. Whether it was always intentionally funny, I'm not sure....... anyway, it kept me interested in  the story. Realistic gore scenes - although by the end the slash of the   sword cutting off yet another character's head started to lose its effect.  Good dismal, foggy scenery, etc. I enjoyed Johnny Depp's portrayal of  Ichabod Crane - again, was this intentionally hilarious? Whether it was or  not, I thoroughly enjoyed the movie.
B000031WD9|5.0|I want to see American Pie Unrated Version
B00004U45G|4.0|Either black crowes or jimmy page alone would make this album worth buying.  Both together - it's a no-brainer.  Great reviews of classic Zep and blues.
0385484518|1.0|A piece of drivel masquerading as deep philosophy, with an odor of prime-time-TV spirituality. Too many words in this review would be a waste of time. If someone feels uplifted by Morrie, then I suppose it's reason enough for this junk to exist, just like I suppose there are some people in the world who genuinely enjoy films like Patch Adams and foods like Spam. Sigh.
B000000WHC|5.0|In the begining of the 70's Gary Moore played in a band called 'Skid Row' (don't confuse with 'Skid Row' of 90's). There he played blues rock and even Peter Green liked it. In fact Peter Green helped the band to sign a  record contract. After Gary Moore leaved the band he went to hard  rock/heavy metal water, but he never forgot his first love. Finaly, after  not so succesfull 'After the War' album, he deceided to come back to rock  blues, and here is what we get, an honest blues album, a tribute to  Chickago Blues, Rock Blues, R'n'B of 70's, one big celebration of music.  Albert King and Albert Collins helped to Gary Moore to make an exelent  blues masterpiece, both technicaly and emotionaly well. Hardcore blues funs  maybe want like the album, but Gary Moore's playing qualities are in the  same class as those of Eric Clapton, Peter Green or John Mayall. Enjoy!
B000002J1U|5.0|You know acoustic guitars?  No pickups, no distortion, no effects?  <br />This is one of the best acoustic rock guitar albums ever made.  Zeppelin draws heavily from folk and the blues to create a terrific listening  experience.  The album starts with an infamous vocal line from Robert  Plant; it's followed with some of Zeppelin's strongest tracks, notably  Gallows Pole and Tangerine.  This isn't the best introduction to Led Zep,  but would make a great second or third album to own.
0671027344|4.0|This book could not possibly portray an actual teen's life, but it was a really great read anyway. The main character was pretty weak and annoying, but I can assure you that once you start reading the book, you'll put all of that aside. I haven't read any other books by this author, but he did a fantastic job on this book. I highly recommend it.
B000002J03|5.0|A lot of people get started listening to Zeppelin after hearing Stairway to Heaven, on their fourth album.  If you liked that album, this is probably a good second album to buy.  It has a much more blues-oriented  feel, since the band hadn't quite made the full journey towards rock and  roll.
B000002GVO|4.0|This is quite possible the best Eagles album ever, and it truly has some awesome sounds on it. From the haunting and unforgettable sounds of &quot;Hotel California&quot; which is a great track with some great lyrics  and great allusions that truly bring about some vivid images and powerful  emotions, to the hard-driving sounds of &quot;Life In The Fast Lane&quot;  which is a powerful song about addictions, to the melodic and often  overlooked &quot;New Kid in Town&quot; which is just a great ballad all  around. This album is truly magnificent and probably deserves most of the  praise it receives. My only complaint is the same that I have of so many  Eagles albums, they wrote great singles but didn't really put together  great albums. That being said this album is probably as good as it gets.
B000002JSN|4.0|I love this album.<br />However, if you're looking for 'The Best of Zeppelin', look at 2, 3, 4/Runes, or Houses of the Holy.  In fact, buy those first, this next, then Presence.  The main attraction of this album  for me is the song Kashmir, which made the purchase more than worth it.
B00000255X|5.0|Dylan is the absolute master of telling stories through song and this album is a very good example of that. &quot;Hurricane&quot; is a great hard hitting story that has been immortalized by the recent movie, but was  important well before that. I think this is one of the best crossover  folk-rock songs ever, and the sound of the violin is truly inspired. Other  memorable songs on this album include &quot;One More Cup Of Coffee&quot;  which is very catchy and is a really great song, and &quot;Joey&quot; is a  wonderful 11 minute ballad a perfect example of why having radio and MTV  dominate the length of songs is bad. I truly recommend this album to anyone  who likes the foksy side of Dylan. If you like this album I would  definitely also recommend &quot;John Wesley Harding&quot; another great  album in the same style.
B000002J09|5.0|I listen to ALL genres of music.  Rock, Classical, Rap/Hip Hop, Country, Goth/Industrial, Trance/House, Jazz, Opera, Oldies... everything.<br />This is one of the top five albums ever recorded.<br />Every track on this album is  solid, in every way, shape and form.  Every track on the album STILL gets  radio play.  Stairway has been the most requested song on the radio for  more than twenty years.<br />Go buy this.  If you don't like it, avoid the  genre completely.
B000002UAI|4.0|This album is probably one of the poorest produced by the Fab Five and though it is still a fairly good album featuring such great songs as &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot; and &quot;I'll Follow The Sun&quot;, it just  doesn't compare to many of the other albums produced by this superb band.  It was rushed out for the Christmas season and feels like it. There are  quite a few covers on here. In many ways I think the title is quite apt it  shows that it was really an album that was put out just to sell and not  really a work by these artists. That being said this is still an important  album because it really is the first time that you can tell that the  Beatles are going to be something other than a traditional Rock and Roll  band as there style slightly starts to change to something completely  different. For that reason, and since this is still a must have for any  Beatles fan I recommend this album.
6305594252|4.0|I saw this film in the theaters simply due to the trailers that showed some cool special effects. I never expected the movie to be as good as it was.<br />If you like sci-fi, find Egyptian mummies and artifacts interesting,  always wondered what hieroglyphics meant or if you think the pyramids were  built by visitors from another planet, this film was made for you!<br />I love  an intelligent sci-fi movie and this was one. A number of improbable  scenes, but some incredible concepts and ideas were brought forth. I was on  the edge of my seat and it's easy to get emotionally involved w/ the plot  and characters. Not the best sci-fi film ever, but an excellent piece of  entertainment. I've seen this a dozen times and it never gets boring.
B00000I8UE|4.0|This is a great tribute to a great artist Miles Davis. When I first heard this album I was not aware that it was a tribute album, though I quickly figured it out, that being said I was amazed at what a wonderful voice  Cassandra has and how well she can sing so many of these songs. Granted the  style is very different than that of Miles seeing as how Cassandra has a  much more velvety, soft voice it is still an excellent tribute to Miles  work. I love the sound of her voice. She reminds me of a more jazzy and  harder version of Diana Krall. Overall a must have for anyone who likes  Miles and doesn't mind hearing other people reinterpret his work and also a  must have for anyone who likes female vocal jazz.
B00004TFK3|4.0|Based on the comic book of the same name, these guys keep the aliens living among us under wraps. A lot of tongue-in-cheek humor and a new way of looking at a multitude of aliens , good and evil, small and  large.<br />Will Smith makes the movie entertaining and the special effects  quality and originality will keep you from blinking.  Fun gadgets will also  intrigue the sci-fi afficianado. This full-featured DVD is well-worth the  money, especially with the multi-angle shots. I've already seen this on  tape a number of times and I'm anxious to get this limited edtion DVD  edtion.<br />There is some language, but not much beyond what you'd see on  prime-time TV nowadays. Very enjoyable and entertaining.
0792843584|5.0|Please see Bill Durham's review of this movie: I second everything he wrote. If you appreciate films that take time to develop and don't depend upon unnecessary banter to fill time, this is the film for you. It includes  amazing and subtle performances by Huppert, Walken, Hurt, Waterston (who  knew he could play a bad-guy so well?) and Kristofferson as well as a  beautiful soundtrack and story lines that tackle everything from class  struggle to love triangles to political and monetary greed. Needless to  say, the cinematography is gorgeous (you can't expect anything less with  Cimino directing). It does take time and requires that the viewer really  pay attention, however. Final word; If this is not an American Classic, I  don't know what is.
B00004U8P9|5.0|This is a movie you either love or hate. I first heard of this movie when I saw &quot;Fame&quot; ... when I saw the kids in the movie watching this in the theater, it not only looked stupid, but the whole environment of  people throwing things at each other in the theater seemed a little  scary... and what's with all the midnight theater showings?<br />I finally had  to find out what the big fuss was about and so I rented it on video and  watched it at a friend's house.  The beginning moves pretty slow, but you  will soon be either taking the video back (without rewinding)  to the  store, or you'll be doubled over in laughter during the few minutes  your  jaw isn't hanging open.<br />Tim Curry is absolutely hilarious and perfect for  his role... an outerspace Transexual from Transylvania (a planet, not the  country - I think)... Dr. Frankenfurter.<br />Despite the slow parts here and  there, the music is great and funny to boot.  Where else can you see Susan  Surrandon walking around in her underwear and Meatloaf riding a motorcycle  with stitches all over his head like Boris Karloff? This is a cult classic,  but not just because it's weird and twisted... it's also a musical and a  comedy. The soundtrack is great just by itself, good beat, peppy tunes,  clever (albeit not mainstream) lyrics.<br />If the idea of seeing a man  walking around wearing lipstick and a garter belt makes you want to scream  and take a bath, then this isn't the film for you... you'll feel like you  need an exorcism afterwards!<br />If you like a good laugh, good music and a  movie like you've never seen before, this is worth a shot.<br />After seeing  this in the safety of my friend's home, I saw it a couple of years later in  the theater. It was an interesting experience I can say I've been through,  but that's about it... the movie is enjoyable by itself, just watching it  on your tv. The closed captioning makes the DVD worth the cost immediately,  so you don't miss any dialogue or lyrics... but this DVD includes hilarious  out-takes, previously deleted musical numbers AND terrific THX  sound!<br />If you are already a nostalgic fan of this film, this is a  must-have DVD.<br />The film includes simulated violence (you see  Frankenfurter swing a pick-axe at someone, later he's covered with  blood).... and the themes are adult in nature and should not be viewed by  children.s... but this DVD includes hilarious  out-takes, previously deleted musical numbers AND terrific THX  sound! <br />If you are already a nostalgic fan of this film, this is a  must-have DVD.<br />The film includes simulated violence (you see  Frankenfurter swing a pick-axe at someone, later he's covered with  blood).... and the themes are adult in nature and should not be viewed by  children.
6305807043|4.0|This movie makes you think. The chracters you may not like, but they are very strange.  They all want to live there lives through somebody else.  This movie can make you go into a deep thought process.  Many surprise  twists and turns makes this an interesting movie.
B00004R99F|4.0|I bought the re-release of A Goofy Movie last week and I thought that the film print could have been better. The film has not aged well in terms of quality. The Colors are not as sharp. Jason Marsdon (Talking) and AAron  Lohr(singing) did a great job in bring Max to life on the screen... All in  all, I still like the movie. The extras are cool except for the Goof Troop  cartoon.Max loked like a dork! I even watched it in other languages! It is  a hoot! In each language the titles are different. hearing the voices in  different languages is a scream! (especially the voice of Goofy in other  languages)
0064430227|5.0|This book is about a boy who draws what he wants in the colorpurple!  It is a wonderful book that is simple but could be used forall ages.<br />Note to Teachers: Students can make their own book of their own colored crayon.  They can draw what they want in their lives.  It can also be used for higher level thinking by stating that life is what you make of it!
B00003Q43A|1.0|This was, possibly, the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. The film lacked a convincing plot throughout. The acting was poor to trite at best. And, the special effects were an awe inspiring waste of resources, money,  and time.<br />I'd much rather watch an Ed Wood film...on &quot;special  edition&quot;.
0805047905|5.0|This book is suited for tyhe younger aged children.  It is abook that goes through many colors and many different animals!<br />Noteto Teachers: This book can be used in a science lesson to study zoo animals and then extend the lesson by taking a field trip or inviting a zoo keeper to the classroom.
B00004THAY|4.0|These two artist are both at the top of my list of favorites and as wonderful as it is to hear BB King and Eric Clapton together, I can't help but wonder if this recording was done in a hurry. There's some great songs  here (especially John Hiatt's &quot;Riding with the King&quot; and &quot;I  wanna be&quot;) and some great performances. BB is always honest and real  in his delivery, giving you BB and nothing but BB. Eric, on the other hand,  seems to sway back and forth, sometimes delivering his signature and  sometimes seemingly trying hard to deliver a BB-esque tone and phrasing.  Sometimes the combination of BB and Eric is fascinating and exhilarating  and other times it is messy and awkward (some people would say that's  perfect). Maybe that's the price of working quickly and mostly live. You  get what you get, and you work with it. You'll love this album whether you  agree with my review or not, because with BB and Eric together you can't go  wrong.
0060254920|5.0|This book is about a boy that uses his imagination to entertainhimself!  It has wonderful photographs and illustrations that willentice students to read the story!<br />Note to Teachers: This book could be incorporated into a rain forest theme and be the book that all activities could be centered around such as a writing assignment such as the following: If you were Max, what would you have imagined?
B00003Q43A|5.0|Why can't anyone enjoy what this movie really is. It is one of those movies where you sit back and enjoy a movie, instead of worrying about plot, which is about creatures come to destroy Earth and the people who  preval. So sit back and enjoy a good ol fashioned &quot;American&quot;  movie.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Great movie from the master of photography and mistery, Tim Burton. Once again, the dark misterious athomsphere famous from Tim Burton's movies really shine here. The story is well-known to many, but told in a manner of  great imagination and mistery. The fighting sequences are great, dual  wielding swords flash in the air and blood everywhere, some o the most  impressive violent-sword-fighting scenes in this movie as well some of the  most impressive misty environments ever created. The actors were very well  chosen too and play their parts very nicely. All in all a great movie from  a great master, dont miss if you like fighting sequences with weapons and  misterious stories with a bit of terror to spice it up.
B00004U45G|5.0|It seems like a perfect marriage, combining Jimmy Page with sometime-Led Zeppelin wannabees The Black Crowes, one of my favorite bands of the '90s.  It's mostly Zepp covers with some blues songs thrown in there.  The  selection of Zepp tunes seems to fit well with the Crowes sound and Chris  Robinsons voice range.  There's several songs from &quot;Physical  Graffiti&quot; like &quot;In my Time of Dying&quot;, &quot;Custard  Pie&quot; and &quot;Sick Again&quot; which are less popular radio staples  but sound great here.  And Robinson pulls off Robert Plants vocals with  little trouble.  The band plays with enough energy to keep this collection  interesting to listen to.  And Jimmy Page's guitar work seems to be in top  form again like he was in last years Page-Plant tour.  If you're a Black  Crowes and/or Zeppelin fan I suggest you check it out.  Great Stuff.
6304806426|5.0|....In an era where flashy, split second MTV style images permeate the media, some audiences have no patience to allow a story to GRADUALLY unfold. <br />This is a visually rich, evocative love story  which takes place during and after war. The direction, acting, writing,  cinematography and every element of this movie is strikingly realized.   This is one of the best movies ever made. I kid you not. There are no cheap  thrills or sensationalism in this movie.  It is realistically told with  intelligent dialogue.  All this movie requires is that you are patient  enough to allow a complex story to be told gradually and poetically by a  formidable filmmaker, Anthony Minghella.
B00004U45G|5.0|Ive been a Jimmy Page and Black Crowes fan for years and this CD is amazing. Chris and Rich Robinson tighten up the old Zep classics and invigorate them with Crowes energy which gives them newfound vitality. This  also clearly shows the Zep influence in the Crowes style. A must have!
0446525537|5.0|I am not a romance reader.  However, I could start getting in to romance novels if they were all written like this.  Sparks does an excellent job portraying the life of a terminally ill person.  He also develops a plot that allows two high school students to accurately reveal what love is all  about.  This book will motivate you to find the one that you love and tell  her again how much that she means to you.  Guys and Gals, you need this  book.
B000002MY3|4.0|When I first heard the sounds of Alanis, I was intrigued.  Her fresh lyrics and unique voice kept me interested.  A lot of people focus too much on how she tends to sound a bit screechy, but I honestly think her  variation in the way she presents herself throughout the CD is what makes  it so special.  <br />ALL I REALLY WANT -An unusually enjoyable song.  It's  kind of hard to figure out what she's talking about, though, as she pretty  much puts the whole theme of her CD into review.  Her voice seems a little  strained and high-pitched at times, but honestly, you get used to it.<br />YOU  OUGHTA KNOW -I think a lot of women and girls can relate to this song; it's  very angry.  She talks about the bottomless promises her ex-boyfriend made  to her, but now he's with someone else and she feels forgotten, like a  joke.  This is one of my favorites.<br />PERFECT -This track is like the  cool-down after an aerobic workout -it's very mellow and serene.  I love  her voice in this one; it's so beautiful.  Her lyrics are good and probably  hit home to a lot of people, but I prefer the louder/faster/angrier side of  Alanis.<br />HAND IN MY POCKET -A very good song, one that I've heard on the  radio countless times.  And it's no wonder why; her catchy lyrics and  excellent perception make this one a keeper.  Definitely one I'm caught  singing along to.<br />RIGHT THROUGH YOU -This is another one about the  dreaded ex, but she seems to have gotten over him in this one.  I don't  really like it.<br />FORGIVEN -Not one of her best songs, and I don't really  understand it.<br />YOU LEARN -I love this song!  It talks about life's  lessons and how you can benifit from even the worst mistakes by learning  from them and preparing for the future.  Something that got stuck in my  head all day!<br />HEAD OVER FEET -This is a very sweet song about loving  someone despite any quirks.  Alanis, I dig this one -I couldn't help it;  it's all your fault!<br />MARY JANE -I can't help but think that the girl  she's talking about in this song is really her.<br />IRONIC -If I had to only  have one Alanis song to get by with for the rest of my life, this would be  it.  I think we all can personally relate to this one.  It's funny that the  first time I heard it [on the radio] was this summer -five years after it's  release date.  Isn't that ironic?<br />NOT THE DOCTOR -Another good one that  expresses she would rather not be anyone's doormat; that YOUR problems  AREN'T her responsibility.<br />WAKE UP -A bit of a frustrating song that I  again don't understand.  I think it's about a person's attitude -that no  matter what good you do, it never seems to get back to you.<br />Overall, this  CD is a must for any alternative fan's collection!
B0000039LE|5.0|Halloween is one of the best and scariest horror movies I've EVER seen.Although I don't get scared too easily,I missed out on a lot of sleep coz I watched this.It's on my top 5 list of best horror movies ever.Right  from the start your freaked.The unforgettable scary as hell music score,the  dark   lighting and just about every hellish twist in the book is thrown at  you.Michael Myers is an excellent and very creepy villan.He's one of my  favorite villans ever.There's a real danger about<br />him.His mask is so pale  and emotionless.He has  no emotion at all.What does his face look like   underneath? He kills anyone in his path at all  costs,friend or foe.He's a  brilliant and highly imaginative villan.Donald Pleasence's performance as  Dr.Loomis is incredible.The other actors are great as well.The music is  awesome.It fits in perfectly and creeps me out every time I hear it.  Nick  Castle's performance as Myers is great and breaths plenty of depth into the  character.John<br />Carpenter's direction is virtually flawless.He truly adds  new ground to the world of horror.  Besides being unbelieveably  frightening,it's also VERY entertaining.This is one of those movies that I  can never get bored of watching.It's not lack-luster,boring or slow like  some previous reviewers say (in my opinion,anyway).This is one of the most  entertaining flicks ever made.My only &quot;real&quot; grip with Halloween  is that it's not long enough.Don't you hate it when your watching a  great  movie and then it ends? I sure do! These types of movies are simply just  too short! My only other complaint is the lack of gore.There's practically  none,and I'm a HUGE gorehound.Still,  this movie is just non-stop  entertainment. Excellent acting,breath-taking music,a kick-a$$  villan,scares galore and an incredibly freaky ending make this one of the  best horror movies ever.The sequels are for the most part good,but  somehow,just aren't as good as this.Buy this  now! Rated &quot;R&quot; for  barely any violence,but some language and brief nudity.
078322804X|5.0|The first, and easily one of the best, adaptations of an SNL skit into full-length feature, &quot;The Blues Brothers&quot; delivers on what it promises -- comedy, mayhem, lovable characters (main and supporting), and a  healthy dose of impossibly good blues music from impossibly good blues  musicians.  Clearly a pet project from the boys, their love of the blues  permeates the film, as does their brotherly devotion to each  other.<br />Belushi's manic energy (sorely lacking in the sequel) and  Aykroyd's dead-pan delivery (he doesn't do as well when alone under the  spotlight, as in &quot;BB2000&quot;) combine to form &quot;the most  devastating team since nitro and glycerine.&quot;<br />Their car can careen  through a crowded mall and fly with equal abandon, their clothes clean and  repair themselves, they make all of Chicago dance while being chased by  every law enforcement and military force in the free world.  All in the  name of putting on a one-night-only stint to raise money for soon-to-be  homeless orphans (actually highlighted by Cab Calloway and a miraculously  tuxedoed band).  Mission from God, indeed.<br />Magic.
B000002H97|1.0|To see people calling this Metallica's greatest album ever just goes to show how the fans changed along with the music.<br />To me, Metallica is two distinct bands, each developed or developing in their own way.  First you  had the original Metallica, which was mostly a speedmetal band.  They  evolved over the next few albums into something a lot more: The sound was  original and distinct (especially Hetfield's rhythm guitar sound), and they  seamlssly fused musical artistry with the aggression of thrash.  Their  crowning achievement was Master of Puppets, an album that has never been  matched.<br />Then Metallica changed.  They recorded the Black album, changed  their sound, changed their approach, changed their attitudes.  They went  from being a successful metal band to being a popular metal band.  The  music was no longer epic- epic songs don't get much radio time.  There was  still speed (in some places), but it lacked a soul.  The sound was still  hard, but it was a spiritless, empty hard, devoid of the real guts that  lifted their previous music to make it more than just a collection of  riffs.  Those who knew the old Metallica know better than to swallow this.   It may sound like metal, but you don't have to have that edge the orginal  Metallica had to play fast or loud.  You just need a big amplifier.  The  new Metallica lacks the intangible qualities that the old one had, and  except for the new pop music fans who listen to it, this is not the same  band.<br />Any halfwit who's heard the music knows that Puppets was  Metallica's best album, and by FAR better than anything they've done  recently.  Hearing people say that the Black album is the best just makes  me want to puke.
B000007T1M|5.0|This is an incredible cd, by far one of the most innovative and interesting cd's I have ever heard. System combine metal, punk, jazz, folk music and a lot more to make one hell of a listeining experience. One  second your being crooned by lead singer Serj while the instruments provide  and equally soft background, the next your being pummeled by crushing  rhythms and a guitar sound that is without a doubt one of the heaviest in  modern music today. The depth on this record is something you almost never  see in music, most evident on the song &quot;Sugar&quot;. I found myself  laughing at the chorus, with the high pitched background vocals and the  jazzy beat, and then it ended so devastatingly brutal it shut me right up!  &quot;Spiders&quot;, though it sounds very similar to Tool, is another  track that showcases the depth of the music. It is almost a ballad, but in  a way that only System could do it. I can't really pick a favorite, because  no two sound similar, and they are all amazing.  In a music world filled  with Korn clones and horrible boy bands, its nice to know that we have  System of a Down, a band we can always rely on, and what a band they are.
B000002H97|1.0|To see people calling this Metallica's greatest album ever just goes to show how the fans changed along with the music.<br />To me, Metallica is two distinct bands, each developed or developing in their own way.  First you  had the original Metallica, which was mostly a speedmetal band.  They  evolved over the next few albums into something a lot more: The sound was  original and distinct (especially Hetfield's rhythm guitar sound), and they  seamlssly fused musical artistry with the aggression of thrash.  Their  crowning achievement was Master of Puppets, an album that has never been  matched.<br />Then Metallica changed.  They recorded the Black album, changed  their sound, changed their approach, changed their attitudes.  They went  from being a successful metal band to being a popular metal band.  The  music was no longer epic- epic songs don't get much radio time.  There was  still speed (in some places), but it lacked a soul.  The sound was still  hard, but it was a spiritless, empty hard, devoid of the real guts that  lifted their previous music to make it more than just a collection of  riffs.  Those who knew the old Metallica know better than to swallow this.   It may sound like metal, but you don't have to have that edge the orginal  Metallica had to play fast or loud.  You just need a big amplifier.  The  new Metallica lacks the intangible qualities that the old one had, and  except for the new pop music fans who listen to it, this is not the same  band.<br />Any halfwit who's heard the music knows that Puppets was  Metallica's best album, and by FAR better than anything they've done  recently.  Hearing people say that the Black album is the best just makes  me want to puke.
B000002BUY|5.0|I have had this cd for over two years, and I still enjoy it every time I listen to it. Incubus has way more of a funk vibe than a rapcore vibe to their sound, and they have a  DJ that doesn't just sit in the background  and scratch records without a clue of what to do. The music is definetly  heavy, but Brandon Boyd's voice is amazing, even during the most rocking  parts he stays singing in his melodic voice and it sounds awesome. He also  adds some interesting instruments into the mix, using percussion and  digideroos to add to an already interesting mix. If you like this, you  should check out Faith No More(who had a big influence on the band), Snot,  System of a Down, and Ultraspank.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This Special Edition Fight Club DVD from 20 Century Fox is definitely special, it's great and will not easily be matched, except maybe by Criterion. This DVD has so many great extra features that it's mind  boggling, and the picture and sound are just about perfect.  It's admirable  to see that the people who were involved in producing this DVD with 20th  Century Fox took their time and didn't settle for just presenting the  letterbox, 1 behind the scenes, trailer, and scene access, which would have  been OK, but, instead pushed the limits of what can and should be done on  DVD.  After all, why not use the DVD technology to present something  different and better than VHS and Laserdisc. The movie itself is very  underrated by many critics and viewers.  The performances are very good,  especially Helena Bohnam Carter and director David Fincher manages to  create a moody surreal atmosphere that is both beautiful and horrific. The  incredibly bad trashing of this film reminds me of one of my favorite films  &quot;Peeping Tom&quot; which when released in 1960, also dealt with  controversial subject matter on violence, and was similarly trashed by  stuffed shirt critics and viewers who give opinions depending on the mood  they're in at the time. Everyone who owns a DVD player should own this  Fight Club DVD, or might as well throw your DVD player away. Also hightly  recommended DVDs are, The Abyss, Alien, Brazil, The Wizard of Oz, Taxi  Driver, Lost Horizon, and Vertigo.
B000000JO3|5.0|I'd like to say something to that guy who thinks that slipknot and korn and limp is hardcore, well he doesn't know that real music is all about. Minor threat is one of the best punk bands or any band ever. They defined  the meaning of punk, which is not the way you dress or how many damn  peircings you got, it's about life and  everything about it so please get a  clue.  Straight edge rules!
B00004THAY|5.0|As a long time listener of these two great artists, I really loved this CD.  I especially liked the song in the # 5 slot; &quot;Three O'Clock Blues&quot;.  It would be impossible to pick out just one selection; they  are all &quot;SUPER&quot; hits.  This is one album that is way pass due and  I think that they deserve an award for it.
B000023X9W|4.0|The music on this CD is terrific, there's just too little of it (hence, I docked it 1 star).  I think it's in the same vein as 'Harvest Moon,' and both are great to listen to when you're in a mellow mood.
0201485672|5.0|Maintaining and modifying existing code is more important than most people realise.  Commercially, it consumes more money than developing new code.  Unfortunately, it seen as a drudge task and you'll be hard pushed to find  much written about it.  This book is an extraordinary exception.<br />It  covers everything you to need to know about refactoring (improving hidden  code whilst maintaining its visible interface).  There is advice on when it  should be done any many, many examples (templates) demonstrating pretty  much every element of refactoring you're likely to need to perform.<br />Of  particular note is the emphasis on testing, testing, testing.  Athough it  is not a book about testing several pages are dedicated to the subject.  An  introduction is made to his own mechanism for testing (JUnit) which enables  code to be tested several dozen times per day without adding any overhead  to the delivered code.<br />One of the final chapters is about 'Big  Refactoring' where whole classes and not just individual methods are  involved.  It's a good introduction to the added risks and caution required  but would benefit by some expansion.<br />Overall, the book is very well  written.  I read it from cover to cover and there are few computing books  I'd try that with.  <br />Finally, a word for the publishers.  I have the  hardback version an, as with all my Addison-Wesley books to date, it is  well put together and should last a lifetime's regular use without falling  apart.
0679746048|5.0|&quot;Another odd feature of the parallel universe is that although it is invisible from this side, once you are in it you can easily see the world you came from. Sometimes the world you came from looks huge and meanacing,  quivering like a vast pile of jelly; at other times it is miniaturized and  alluring, a-spin and shining in its orbit. Either way, it can't be  discounted.  Every window on Alcatraz has a view of San Francisco.&quot;  -Girl, Interrupted<br />Susanna Kaysen's poetically written memoir has become  my bible for survival during the rough times in my life. If I ever feel  depressed or that I just can't make it through another day, I pull out my  well-worn copy of 'Girl, Interrupted' to remind myself that it can always  get worse. And that everyone is just a little bit crazy. <br />Ms. Kaysen  recalls her experience in McLean Hospital with humor and articulate  insights into her life in the mental institution. The emotions she  expresses; anger, resentment, love, furstration, and depression hit home  with readers and you share her feelings with her. She expresses herself so  completely and with such clarity that it urges you to read it again and  again. She questions the definition of insanity and leaves the unanswered  question of our own sanity up to us: are you crazy, or are you just the  only one sane?
B000001U3K|5.0|This album, of mellow laid back rock ballads really set the benchmark for this type of music. Without its influence, rock music in the seventies would have been much less adventurous.<br />The album has a delicate, light  touch and it always rewards careful listening. If you look at the list of  names on the credits, including David Bowie, Mick Ronson and Herbie  Flowers, it is no surprise that it reaches such musical heights.<br />Of  course, the highlights of this album are &quot;Perfect Day&quot; and  &quot;Walk on the Wild Side&quot; but &quot;Vicious&quot; is also worthy of  special mention.<br />Lou Reed's mellow voice and the lyrics at once cynical,  surreal and witty capture the attention first on this album but when you  look further, there is just so much good music here. For example, the bass  line on &quot;Walk on the Wild Side&quot; is wonderful and it really holds  the whole song together.<br />If your music collection includes just one CD  from the seventies, it should be this one.
B0000019HU|5.0|All that can be said about this album is that it influenced so many people. It is kind of the &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot; of the 90's everybody drops it but how many people really listened to it. I like to us  the old saying about Velvet Underground, not many people bought the album  when it came out, but everyone that did started a band. It's true, without  this album by Slint, emo band maybe would not have taken the direction they  did. There have been so many off chutes to this band (For Carnations,  Rodan, June of 44), but none of them have reached the closeness to  perfection that Slint reached on Spiderland. Hell Slint didn't even reach  those dizy heights again.  If you listen to &quot;Good Morning  Captain&quot; and not feel the power in the song and almost cry in the end  then you are not of the human species.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is the second Radiohead album that I bought and initially felt that it was The Bends' poorer cousin.  Well now, about 100 listens later, only cliches come to mind at the mere mention of OK Computer and I wouldn't dare  to consider either album as superior to the other. A record that both  critics and the general public agree to be a classic - a rare case these  days.
B000002WYT|5.0|I was wearing headphones in the dark when I first heard this record and I must have been louder than I thought because I woke up everyone in the room.  This album definitely sounds best when it's blasting out loud.   Eventhough most of the songs were not originally released on this album it  is still a must have.  If you have any appreciation for good music you  won't help but move to &quot;Two Step&quot; and &quot;Too Much&quot;.   &quot;Crash into Me&quot; is a great romantic song to sing to your  girlfriend, just as long as she doesn't look too closely into the lyrics.   And in the complexity of the &quot;#41/Say Goodbye&quot; jam, DMB proves  just why they are unable to be imitated.  Although the mellow &quot;Let you  down&quot; seems out of place in the middle of the album, the explosive  &quot;Drive in, Drive out&quot; and the great &quot;Lie in our Graves&quot;  and &quot;Tripping Billies&quot; quickly pick up the pace when things get  too slow.  Steve Lillywhite is a great producer and did a fine job  capturing these tracks in the studio.  Each time you hear this you won't be  dissapointed because you'll just find something new and learn to appreciate  these songs for the band's awesome musicianship.  If you just get one DMB  album then what's wrong with you!   You can't just get one, but while  you're at it, make sure this one finds it's way into your stereo.
B000002TQV|5.0|As one of the most critically aclaimed bands around, Radiohead hardly need any extra words from me but I'll add these anyway:  innovation, emotion, impact, greatness.
0679457607|5.0|For many years, people I play with have complained about my handicap.  Yet I seldom play more than a stroke or two above or below my handicap.  Yet during a round I will hit many fine shots seldom seen by someone with my  handicap (a high one).  Clearly, I must know what to do, but cannot do it  consistently.  People shake their heads at that explanation, and predict  that my handicap will soon fall -- which it doesn't.<br />Having just read Mr.  Gallwey's excellent book, The Inner Game of Work, I could immediately sense  that he was on to something with regard to his concept of paying attention  to critical features of your activities as a way to learn how to improve  rapidly.  That's a point that we stress in The Irresistible Growth  Enterprise and The 2,000 Percent Solution.<br />As an example of this point,  I had stopped taking lessons over the last year-and-a-half, and my tee  shots and fairway woods greatly improved.  The main thing I noticed is that  I began to rely on myself to figure out what I was doing wrong, rather than  waiting to have my pro show me.  As a result, I figured out a lot of  long-term faults never unearthed in the lessons and corrected them.<br />I  was very excited to find a number of other drills I could use in this fine  book to locate other faults and correct them.  Just thinking about the  drills allowed me to locate four faults that I had not been aware of  before.  I can hardly wait to see how I hit the ball tomorrow!<br />One of the  places where my game started to get better was when I noticed that if I  played with no focus on winning or score I played much better.  Mr. Gallwey  provides several tools for extending that psychology that I intend to use  as well.<br />Some people had taught me other ways to keep score:  How many  putts, how many fairways and greens in regulation, quota points, and square  shots.  Mr. Gallwey's book adds learning and enjoyment scores as well.  I  think those will add a lot to my game, as well.  It helps to be given  permission to think about something other than the gross score.<br />Mr.  Gallwey unerringly describes every harmful mental process I use to hit poor  shots, deny myself fun and learning, and to make myself miserable.  Even if  my golf doesn't get any better (and I would be surprised if that happened),  this book will add a lot to my enjoyment of golf and life.<br />If you don't  already understand the key elements of the swing, it may be that this book  will not help you as much.  If you are a long-term golfer who has taken a  lot of lessons, watches good players, and wants to get more out of your  game, this book is a great use of your time and money.<br />I also recommend  Dave Pelz's new book, Dave Pelz's Putting Bible.  Mr. Pelz does a great job  of combining physical, technique and mental processes to help your putting.  I realized from The Inner Game of Golf that some of what I learned from  Pelz's short game school that works for me relies on tools that Mr. Gallwey  speaks about in this book.  That gave me more confidence to try out Mr.  Gallwey's suggestions.<br />Hit 'em all like you'd like to!<br />Donald  Mitchell<br />Coauthor of The Irresistible Growth Enterprise (available in  August 2000) and The 2,000 Percent Solution<br />(donmitch@fastforward400.com)It helps to be given  permission to think about something other than the gross score. <br />Mr.  Gallwey unerringly describes every harmful mental process I use to hit poor  shots, deny myself fun and learning, and to make myself miserable.  Even if  my golf doesn't get any better (and I would be surprised if that happened),  this book will add a lot to my enjoyment of golf and life.  <br />If you don't  already understand the key elements of the swing, it may be that this book  will not help you as much.  If you are a long-term golfer who has taken a  lot of lessons, watches good players, and wants to get more out of your  game, this book is a great use of your time and money.  <br />I also recommend  Dave Pelz's new book, Dave Pelz's Putting Bible.  Mr. Pelz does a great job  of combining physical, technique and mental processes to help your putting.   I realized from The Inner Game of Golf that some of what I learned from  Pelz's short game school that works for me relies on tools that Mr. Gallwey  speaks about in this book.  That gave me more confidence to try out Mr.  Gallwey's suggestions. <br />Hit 'em all like you'd like to!<br />Donald  Mitchell<br />Coauthor of The Irresistible Growth Enterprise (available in  August 2000) and The 2,000 Percent Solution<br />(donmitch@fastforward400.com)
0345428064|5.0|If you liked any of the Rogue Warrior books, this book takes that same kind of wild ride, good time read to a new level.  I have never read a book that I actually got an adrenaline rush from reading, but this one did that  in spades.  If you enjoy fast paced, non-stop edge of your seat reading,  you will NOT go wrong here.  To all the fans fron this book, I have also  read his second book in the Nick Stone series that I picked up in England.   It should be released in the US soon.......*GRIN*......so hang on, the fun  doesn't stop here.
0374115370|1.0|Perhaps I expected too much after hearing so many good things about this book.  But I found it one of the most dull works of fiction I've ever read.  I admit that Wolfe does has a prescient insight into the 80's greed  mentality.  But the writing and his use of language is sophomoric at best.  This is one &quot;best-seller&quot; that clearly plays to a mass audience,  but completely will be forgotten with time.
B00000IPAX|4.0|The best way I can think of to describe this band would be a cross between Offspring and Green Day.  Their music's a little more sophisticated than Offspring's and the lyrics are very reminiscent of Green Day's DOOKIE  album.<br />I don't really know how to review the album, really.  Suffice it  to say, it's a very enjoyable album.  All the songs are similar in tone,  but each is unique.  They are all good and I have not been disappointed  with any aspect of the album.
0385482582|2.0|This is something that any first year business student could have written. It is a fast read but it provides no new insights.
B000002KLQ|3.0|&quot;Making memories&quot; is a comparatively disappointing album in DS's largely brilliant oeuvre. The band doesn't do much to develop the sound of the two previous recordings, and so &quot;MM&quot; is a sweet but  unengaging sounding album that fails to have anything really compelling. If  you're looking for some catchy hit singles like &quot;Sultans of  swing&quot; or &quot;Money for nothing&quot;, this is the wrong place. Even  the album's one and only single, &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;, is so-so and  rather tedious. Mark's guitar playing is appropriate but lacks inspiration  and memorable melodies. His best efforts are exhibited in the excellent  8-minute &quot;Tunnel of love&quot; and &quot;Expresso love&quot;. The last  two songs on this disc are barely more than filler. Also dislike the  calculated, pseudo-emotional singing of Mark, along with the kitschy  lyrics. Don't buy unless you're hardcore fan; DS's self-titled debut is  much more innovative.
6305657939|4.0|I did not see the original.  However I think it is interesting that they included Faye Dunaway, who was in the original, as a therapist in the remake.  Unfortunately I don't find it believable that the type of  character Thomas Crowne appears to be, would frequent a shrink. I found a  number of flaws with this movie.  You can see the character Thomas Crowne  is &quot;bored&quot; and takes risks with his life and obviously his  freedom.  However, you don't get a real insight into the why he does this.  As for Rene Russo's role, it is equally as shallow.  They have some hints  at many former partners, but the why the dissatisfaction and why she is in  the business of investigating insurance fraud is only broadly spoken to.  She too quickly bonds to Pierce Brosnan's character while turning him in  simultaneously.  This is where reading the book can add so much more  insight.  They are two good actors and worked well together.  Pierce  Brosnan's reserve as well as Renee Russo's were a perfect fit for the  characters.  I found the film enjoyable and both robbery scenes well done.
0375703764|4.0|I must admit: This was the only book I've ever read that truly scared me.   Despite it possibly being &quot;gimmicky&quot;, it is an intelligent read, as it twists between so many styles of writing; mainly the documentarian  Zampano or the avant garde Johnny Truant.  I'm not sure which style I liked  more, but it was a good mixture.  The hundreds of footnotes, however, I  found unneccesary and a joke after awhile.  Maybe they were meant to be  over-the-top or they just came out that way.  Still, the book is extremely  complex, mood provoking, and epic in scope.      Definitely recommended for  any horror fans or for people who want a scary novel with a bit more depth.   Since this is only Danielewski's first novel, he's definitely an author to  keep an eye out for.
B00003CWPR|2.0|Please tell me what logic, makes it necessary to start with a scene of Nicole Kidman sitting on the toilet?  It escapes me. Shock value?  Lost on me, because it wasn't pertinant to the movie.  I found the discussion  that Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman about fidelity, the male and female  version the only riveting portion of this movie.  I found it heart rending  when she went on about the naval officer.  It was cruel &amp; meant to be.  The later scene with an adoring patient's daughter was an very interesting  insight.<br />Tom Cruise's reaction was so typical however.  A bit of a  dissappointment.  The movie rambled on from that point never really  explaining the &quot;orgy society group&quot; and it's larger vision.<br />I  think Stanley Kubrick would have polished this more had he lived.
B00003Q43A|1.0|I enjoyed this on VHS and was looking forward to watching the DVD.  So far two copies have not loaded on my Toshiba DVD.  I post this only in case others are having similar problems.
B00004UEDR|5.0|All I can say is that this is probably Sandra Bullock at her best. She normally plays sweet, somewhat innocent characters, but here she is an alcoholic and heroin (or was it cocaine?) addict. She comes to rehab to see  pathetic alcoholics chanting &quot;Together, together, no drugs!&quot; and  singing with the classic &quot;Lean on Me.&quot;  She is more accustomed to  &quot;Joy to the World&quot;, by Three Dog Night, and spending her nights  at parties instead of liver inservices. I will not give away the end of the  story, but it is very sweet AND moving. It certainly makes us think about  certain everyday things we take forgranted. This is definitely a movie for  all to see, but I think the rating is wrong. I am almost sure this movie  was R, even though this says PG. Even if you don't buy it, at least take  the time to rent it!
6305627401|4.0|As a diehard fan of the TV series, I couldn't wait to see this when it came out in the theaters. I wasn't disappointed; I laughed so hard I nearly fell out of my seat. Problem was, there were youngun's in there who  shouldn't have been. This movie, although about kids, is definitely not FOR  kids.    The DVD didn't disappoint, either. The animation, albeit crude,  was colorful and smooth, the picture without any visible artifacts from the  authoring. Sound was crisp and clear, with great surround effects. It would  have been better if the DTS system had been made an option. Four stars on  the movie, five on the disc mastering.
B00003CXDV|1.0|I'm not sure who is supposed to like this film. If you don't like Star Trek you won't get half the &quot;puns&quot; and if you do like Star Trek you won't like having fun poked at you as a geeky Billy No-mates who  dresses up as his favourite actor 20 years after the show ended.<br />Try Lock  Stock and Two Smoking Barrels if you want to see a genuinely funny comedy.
0140131558|3.0|His writing is amazing, his characters are fascinating... the first story really held me, even though it felt at times like I was reading a school report on the history of language instead of a short story. And then came  the end of the first story, which--not in that the story is unfinished, but  the way it's written--left me wholly unsatisfied. i plowed through to the  next one, and was again fascinated by the character and the story--again to  find the ending unsatisfying. i skimmed the last story. <br />i'd recommend it  if you have a lot of time on your hands or are really intrigued by  character studies (although the three protaganists seemed to have a similar  voice, after a while).
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD is so wonderful. it basically explains every emotion i have ever felt regarding love. Well except for the animal song. oh whoops i take that back. haha. but seriously the lyrics are so sad and soulful and speak to  me. i LOVE this CD i can't get enough
0780020685|5.0|This is one excellent movie and it is a must see...
0451450523|5.0|The Last Unicorn is one of most astounding books I have ever read.  Not only because of the story, which is a fairytale in every sense of the word, but also because of Beagle's flawless writing, which weaves a spell of  words and images that I find myself willingly ensnared in every time I open  its pages.  I find myself lingering over each sentence, each word, and I am  astounded by the care with which he tells this tale.<br />Once upon a time,  there was a unicorn.  A beautiful unicorn... who was all alone.  She sets out  on a journey to seek others of her kind and is joined on her travels by a  bumbling magician and an old spinster, neither of who are what they first  appear to be.  Encountering magical monsters, outlaws and suspicious  townspeople, the three travelers find themselves at the gate of a  forbidding castle wherein lives a cruel king and a gentle prince.  It is in  the walls of this castle that the truth lies.  But can they accept what the  truth will bring?<br />Beagle tells an amazing tale, of love and loss, of  heartache and hope.  Each of the characters in his work has such life and  depth, and I see myself in each and every one of them.  From an inept  magician who desperately seeks to be more than what he is to the outlaws  who cry out with loss of that which they have never known, there is so much  life in these few short pages that I find myself reading and rereading each  page, afraid lest I miss something.  When Schmendrick cries, &quot;I'll  make you into a bad poet with dreams!&quot; I want to laugh, but at the  same time I want to cry with pity, with unexplainable sorrow for something  I can't quite understand and am not sure I want to.<br />The Last Unicorn is  about more than just a quest for unicorns.  It is also a story about the  things that we love and what we will do - or not do - for that love.  It is  about what really defines a hero, and what constitutes a happy ending.  But  most of all, it is about magic.  Joy.  Sadness.  Beauty.  It is about all  the things we are and all the things we long to be.  It is a breathtakingly  beautiful story by a wonderful writer, and I recommend it as one of the  best books I have ever read.
B00004STPT|2.0|I couldn't agree more with Amazon's review. Half the time I thought I was listening to Holst or Wagner. Only the last track redeems an unoriginal and imitative score.
0060930349|3.0|A very thorough book, but not really a good book. History is meant to be factual and objective. Unfortunately, Mr Johnson's rightist views are not only extremely obvious to the reader, but he sometimes rambles like a  demagogue. I prefer a history where the writer states the facts and  information, and I decide for myself whether Reagan was a good president or  whether FDR's New Deal really worked. And now after reading other reviews,  I find that there are factual inaccuracies as well. But the book is  informative, I gotta grant it that, and it covers US history pretty well.  That's why the three stars.
B000002KCV|5.0|I am only in my teens.  When i first listened to this amazing set of tracks i was digging through my dads old vinyl collection and thought the cover looked cool and i had experienced some Neil Young before.  when i  first listened to comes a time i was blown away!  It almost brought back  memories of my free soul days, but the funny thing is that i wasnt even  born when this album came out it just has a sentimental sound to it that  brings ideas to your head.  My favorites are comes a time, allready one,  goin back and peace of mind.  Even though Harvest is a great album Comes a  Time is far superior to it!  i reccomend this CD to everyone!
6303369170|4.0|This movie is quirky and funny and touching, though sometimes a little contrived.  Johnny Depp really shows his stuff as Axel, however, and the chemistry between him and his cousin, Paul, played by Vincent Gallo, is  excellent.  Definitely worth seeing, especially for Gallo's local talent  show reenactment of the crop-dusting scene from North by Northwest.
B00001MXXG|5.0|this film will remain near the top of my a-list until I meet my untimely (as they always are) end. I, being the horrible young person (19) that I am, still find myself a kindred spirit to good ole' Ferris. No matter how  much times seemingly change, teenagers remain essentially the same... When  first I viewed this spectacular film, i was awed with how closely it  resembled how i felt and acted (or at least wanted to act)... girls,  parents, friendship, and, of course, the undue stress that came with high  school. These things are timeless, and contrary to what some persons may  believe, are just as substantial today as they were in '86 when the  aforementioned film was first released. This is a film to adore, to laugh  with, and to reminisce with.
B00003CX5A|1.0|I just read a review by Michael D Ward, entitled UGH that said it perfect. I could not agree more.<br />This was a sad remake of a chilling story, 'improved' to the point that is no longer the same story other than the  names. And what was wrong with the original? It only lasted centuries,  unlike this which will only last that long as landfill. The storyline was  paper thing and very easy to guess what was happening next. There was no  fear or horror, just a sad boring film.<br />If you want to see this, I sugest  renting and not buying.
B000003TA9|5.0|This is an album full of different styles of songs, using three vocalists, and provoking a wide range of emotions.Most of the songs are just outright exciting, full of fast, loud guitars with weird tunings, and with vocals  that perfectly fit the music.There is more than just noise in these songs  though, with some showing a delicate and intricate structure, such as  Theresa's Sound-world and the haunting beauty of Lee's vocals on Wish  Fulfillment.Both of those transport me to a different world full of wonder  and mysticism.There are tracks that grab you, and make you want to join in  despite yourself, Drunken Butterfly and Chapel Hill being fine examples,  and more traditional rock efforts such as Sugar Kane with its Stones  inspired riff.Whatever mood I am in, this album has something to fit it,  and I always regret that it ends after 59 minutes.There are so many great  Sonic Youth albums that it seems a crime to pick a favorite, but if I were  pushed, I would choose Dirty.
B000002GF8|5.0|THE BAND: Sting / Gordon Sumner (bass, guitars), Andy Summers (guitars), Stewart Copeland (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1983) 11 songs clocking in at approximately 44 minutes. Included with the disc is a 3-page foldout containing 2 black & white band pictures, song titles, credits and lyrics. This is their 5th of 5 studio albums. Recorded at Air Studios, Montserrat and Le Studio in Quebec. All songs written by Sting with the exceptions of \\"Miss Gradenko\\" (Copeland), \\"Mother\\" (Summers) and \\"Murder By Numbers\\" (Sting/Summers). There is a Digipak released in 2003 offering digitally remastered sound and an expanded 10-page booklet, but no additional info... basically it offers a few more pictures and one/two set of song lyrics per page (and no bonus tracks). Label - A&M Records.<br /><br />COMMENTS: This is my favorite Police album. \\"Synchronicity\\" contains some of the finest material written by Sting... the title tracks (I & II), \\"King Of Pain\\", \\"Wrapped Around Your Finger\\", \\"Walking In Your Footsteps\\", and perhaps their biggest hit \\"Every Breath You Take\\". It also contains my favorite Stewart Copeland written song in \\"Miss Gradenko\\". Overall, the songs seem a bit slower, more mature and mainstream, less punk, and the lyrics more thought provoking than on previous albums. However, with that being said this album contains THE worst Police song ever written, \\"Mother\\". Listening to it is 3 minutes and 5 seconds of pure audible Hell. Proof that it's one of the worst songs ever... Rolling Stone Magazine classified \\"Mother\\" as one of the top 10 worst songs ever written in the history of music (by professional musicians of course). So, for me, \\"Synchronicity\\" is bitter sweet. I'd love to be able to play this disc without hitting the skip button in my car... but I always have to skip track 4. It's also bitter sweet due to the band breaking up afterward - this would be the last classic Police album. Essential - absolutely (with the asterisk being \\"Mother\\" track 4).
B000021XS0|5.0|I have been a DT fan since I was a sophomore in high school and heard &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; while driving down a lonely stretch of road late at night.  It was a turning point in my musical tastes.  I had always been  a fan of heavy metal, but I had always thought that you had to sacrifice  smart lyrics and musical quality.  DT is such an incredible band.  The  members are virtuosos at their respective instruments, but they some how  manage to blend everything into smart, beautiful musical peices.<br />After I  picked up and wore out Awake as a freshman in college, I thought there was  nothing they could do that could top their previous 3 albums.  I thought  Falling into Infinity was good, but not up to par.  Needless to say, I was  shocked and amazed by how good Scenes From a Memory is.  THe instrumentals  are absolutely incredible.  I was dubious about DT changing keyboard  players yet again, but Jordan Rudess is absolutely incredible. Every time I  listen to this album I pick up on different subtle elements.<br />I also love  the enigmatic ending.  I would love to hear some other peoples' opinion on  what happens at the very end of the album.
B00000BKDW|5.0|Its a sad state of affairs these days when it comes to the perception of a band such as Iron Maiden. Too many times I have seen people group them with bands such as Guns N' Roses, Motley Crue, Poison and other glam styled  bands with one or so good albums or (in the case of Poison) no good albums.  Very rarely is Maiden looked upon in the same way as bands such as The  Doors and Pink Floyd, in the sense of their being sort of  &quot;untouchable&quot; and of no modern band coming close to what they  did. Folks, The Doors really only ever had two good albums (first and last)  and Pink Floyd only two as well (Dark Side and The Wall). Iron Maiden had  SEVEN awesome albums in a row. Thats right folks, they had more hit albums  one after another then most bands ever make in their entire career.  Powerslave was their fifth album in this long string of greatness and next  to Number Of The Beast it was their second greatest album. I won't say why  its good, any metalhead worth his salt knows just how damn good this thing  really is along with the other Maiden classics. I won't say you should buy  it because there are a lot of other reviews here saying just that and you  should already own it! Don't listen to those who proclaim bands such as The  Doors, Pink Floyd and others as the last word in rock. Take a band still  turning out excellent material (Brave New World) and who only had two bad  albums in their whole career (No Prayer and X-Factor) of twelve albums. If  you like metal then please buy this or stop claiming to be a metalhead
B000002J1S|3.0|I declare myself a fan of Genesis.   I believe I have all their CDs.  I use to listen to their music daily, in particular their first albums.  Of course, I have always heard and read about their master work, The  Lamb...But I have serious problems with it.  I have listened to it hundred  times, read the lyrics, investigate and open my mind to it.  In my opinion,  excepting some superb songs like Cuckoo Cocoon, this album is an  unnecessary extension of the Supper's Ready.  In particular the lyrics,  which is rather obscure and vague.  Of course, it is always possible to say  that it means whatever the listener wants it to mean, as Genesis did, but  this is a too easy way out, not taking responsibility. If the Lamb was the  way, Peter Gabriel would have continued the same line.  He did not.  The  Lamb represented the exhaustion of the inspiration.  The top of it was  perhaps the Supper's ready.
078322737X|5.0|I think this movie is one the all greatest movies in history, it is funny, and serious at times but it is always good. The music is superb, and the acting is great. I think Mackenzie Phillips does a really good job in this  film, she is funny and kinda cute in it too.
B00000GAIW|5.0|THE BAND: Ian Anderson (lead vocals, flute, acoustic guitar), Martin Barre (guitar, flute, recorder), Jeffrey Hammond (bass, recorder, vocals), John Evan (keyboards, piano), Clive Bunker (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1971) Originally 11 tracks clocking in at just under 43 minutes, this digitally remastered 25th anniversary edition (1996) contains 6 bonus tracks making the total listen approximately 75 minutes. Included with the disc is an 18-page booklet containing song titles/credits, song lyrics, all original album artwork, musicians, and 2-pages of music magazines praise of the album (including Rolling Stone). All songs written by Ian Anderson. This is the band's 4th studio album. Recorded at Island Studios, London. Label - Reprise/Chrysalis Records.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Sandwiched nicely between early Jethro Tull standards \\"Benefit\\" (1970), and \\"Thick As A Brick\\" (1972) is the ever-classic \\"Aqualung\\". Side-A (the first 6 songs) dealt with the seedy main character Aqualung. Side-B (the last 5 songs under the title \\"My God\\") dealt with religion - pro-God, but anti-church. Having all the song lyrics for the first time is an eye-opener - and it really makes the listener think. Anderson's intellect and prose is seldom matched by today's standards. \\"Aqualung\\" produced several classic rock radio staples - the title track, \\"Locomotive Breath\\", \\"Crossed-Eyed Mary\\", \\"My God\\", and \\"Hymn 43\\". \\"Aqualung\\" peaked at #4 and #7 on the UK and US charts respectively. At this stage Jethro Tull was more art-rock, folk/ blues and progressive... and to see \\"Hymn 43\\" reaching #91 on Billboards 'pop' singles chart seemed a tad bit odd. \\"Aqualung\\" is also listed as album #337 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 most important albums of all time. The songs on \\"Aqualung\\" are noble, enduring and unfading and this remastered version here sounds brilliantly deep and crisp (amazing since we're going back to actually being recorded in 1970)... really bringing the guitars and flute to the forefront. Anderson's acoustic guitar really sounds big and pronounced on the connected songs \\"Cheap Day Return\\", \\"Mother Goose\\" and \\"Wond'ring Aloud\\". \\"My God\\" still features my favorite flute section from Anderson. And the beautiful piano intro leading into the lyrics from \\"Locomotive Breath\\" create an everlasting image of a desperate man on a fast train stealing the handle and speeding to his death (angered by \\"His woman and his best friend - in bed and having fun\\"). Bonus tracks highlights include: \\"Lick Your Fingers Clean\\" - a slick and fun rocker; an early rendition of \\"Songs For Jeffrey\\"; the neat instrumental \\"Bouree\\"; and an informative 14-minute interview with Anderson (though I feel this long discussion should have been the very last track on the disc). If I have to start my Tull collection all over again... it starts with \\"Aqualung\\" (5 stars).forefront. Anderson's acoustic guitar really sounds big and pronounced on the connected songs \\"Cheap Day Return\\", \\"Mother Goose\\" and \\"Wond'ring Aloud\\". \\"My God\\" still features my favorite flute section from Anderson. And the beautiful piano intro leading into the lyrics from \\"Locomotive Breath\\" create an everlasting image of a desperate man on a fast train stealing the handle and speeding to his death (angered by \\"His woman and his best friend - in bed and having fun\\"). Bonus tracks highlights include: \\"Lick Your Fingers Clean\\" - a slick and fun rocker; an early rendition of \\"Songs For Jeffrey\\"; the neat instrumental \\"Bouree\\"; and an informative 14-minute interview with Anderson (though I feel this long discussion should have been the very last track on the disc). If I have to start my Tull collection all over again... it starts with \\"Aqualung\\" (5 stars).
B00004U45G|5.0|Page found his passion for playing his music and the Black Crowes push themseveles to new hights !  This album rocks the blues, crowes stuff and Zep. A must have for zep fans !  Robinson's voice sounds better than it has  and the band shows a very good continuity together w/ page. Sound quality  is great for this live show !
B000001Y15|5.0|That`s the best album of the best rapper. The intro is incredible.
6305903182|3.0|I am sorry to say that I was really disappointed that this movie did not deliver.  The plot could've worked well if the actors could've worked with it.  Their performances were just so campy!  This movie could have been  much better but it just seemed like the actors were not interested in their  parts.  Except for maybe Parker Posey.  Courtney Cox &amp; David Arquette  seemed bored.  As for Neve Campbell - it doesn't look like she wanted to do  this movie.  I don't blame her one bit given her castmates'  performances.<br />I really enjoyed Scream &amp; thought that Scream 2 was  pretty good as well.  I was actually looking forward to seeing Scream 3.   But to no avail.<br />The only reason this DVD gets three stars is because of  all of the extras on it.  Bloopers, Deleted Scenes, Lots of extras - I  actually haven't had a chance to go through all of them yet.  Movie rates a  2.  DVD rates a 4.<br />Save your money - rent it - don't buy it.
0671027344|4.0|I'm 17 and I just recently read The Perks of Being a Wallflower..and I absolutely loved it.  It was recommended to me by so many people who said it was the best book.  I really enjoyed it, and it was an easy to read book  with some deep thoughts in there.  Also it was short and addicting..i  couldn't put it down. I just fell in love with it.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I always wrote off slipknot, I said they were a fad band, and were all about image. I couldent stand &quot;Wait &amp; Bleed&quot;. But sometin brang me to buy the cd. I dont know if I just want heavy music or I had  alot of money. I heard &quot;spit it out&quot; on Mtv's return of the rock  and read the reviews for it and decieded to get it. I have only listen to  tracks 2-9 and Im impressed. I like &quot;Surfacing&quot; and the others  alot. I dont remember any other tracks but I know there were all sick.
0451198492|5.0|This is one of those classics science fiction novels that never goes away, and with good reason: it's a classic. Yes, in every sense of the word. 2001 is a mind-blowing and thought-provoking space epic that starts out somewhat  slow, but is ultimately rewarding (what an understatement). Like in all of  Clarke's novels, there is a main underlying theme, but it never gets in the  way of the plot. This is an absolute masterpiece of SF, and anyone who is  just getting into the genre, well, this should be one of your first  reads.<br />Also, I found this book to be very funny, something which I have  found that few other people have mentioned. Maybe that means you have to be  a &quot;nerd&quot; to &quot;get&quot; the jokes. Whatever the case, it is a  fact that I laughed out loud several times during the course of this book.  Read it, enjoy it, and watch the excellent movie version.
B00003Q438|5.0|I couldn't wait for The Abyss Special Edition to be released on DVD.  I already have the Special Edition Widescreen released on VHS in 1995 with the 10 minute featurette on the making of The Abyss.  But as soon as I  bought the DVD - I went home to watch it.  You can choose to watch the  theatrical version or the Special Edition with 28 minutes of additional  footage.  The commentary is visable via subtitles in the black bar.  Which  is great.  For anyone who hasn't already seen this movie - it's an  action-adventure/sci-fi/romance.  Basically it's for everybody.<br />Ed Harris  play Bud Brigman, the toolpusher on an underwater drilling platform  designed by his soon-to-be-ex-wife, Lindsey (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio).   A US submarine sinks near Cuba &amp; the Navy enlists the help of the  workers on the drilling rig in a rescue attempt.  Four Navy SEALs are sent  down to supervise this mission.  Headed by Lt. Coffey, played by Michael  Biehn.  Too bad that Coffey suffers the effects of HPNS and begins to go a  little over the edge.  <br />All this and oh yeah, there seem to be some  unidentified underwater flying objects.  Of course only Lindsey seems to  see the &amp; Coffey thinks they're Russian.<br />This movie is full of  conflicts, romance, action and adventure &amp; is one of my favorite  movies.  This DVD is just full of extras that I haven't even fully explored  yet.  Just a few are a 59 minute documentary on the making of The Abyss as  well as a 10 minute featurette.  There are stills, cast historys,  storyboards and anything else you could ever possibly want to know about  this movie.  This is a must buy DVD.  20th Century Fox takes it's time and  puts out first rate DVD's.  The Abyss, Fight Club &amp; Aliens are just a  few examples of this.  If you do enjoy The Abyss Special Edition - try  these others.
0679410503|5.0|... a fine set of Vampire Chronicles by Anne Rice.  What a refreshing point of view and burning light to see vampires in.  Rice gives us vampires with feelings - why shouldn't a vampire feel joy, pain and regret?  Yes,  bottom line is they are merciless killers, but this is the all-too often  typecast image of vampires that Hollywood likes to betray.  These immortals  don't just sweep in with a dramatic flare of their capes (most of the time  they don't even wear one), kill then leave - we experience their agony,  hunger, happiness and turmoil before and after each kill.  Anne Rice gives  us so much more - imagine YOUR fears, regrets and hopes from your lifetime  spread over an eternity.  Would you really want immortality?  What is right  and what is wrong?  Good and evil?  The devil and God?  Leave your humdrum  life behind for a while and bury yourself (literally) in a world of  fascinating, real characters in sumtuous, historic or sordid surroundings.   Enjoy, but remember to put the lid back across when you're finished...
B000002H33|5.0|If you're a metal fan and you don't own this cd you don't deserve to live.  This is a masterpiece.
B000000WCA|5.0|You obviously are a pretty big stick in the mud if you can't find any fun in this. The great,spunky Wannabe is a must-singalong sort of song that deserves five stars itself. It's pop so quit judging it so harshly! They're  just fun girls who are having a good time. You gotta love them!
0835910644|5.0|Anne is first and foremost a teenage girl--stubbornly honest, touchingly vulnerable,in love with life.  Its a really kool book.Before i read it, i  thought this is boring but i change my mind after.She writes with  adult wistom and views beyond her years.  Her story is that for every  teenager, lived out in condition few teenagers have ever  known................i love it so much!
6305165912|5.0|I saw this in the theater and I have to say that while I liked it, I wasn't overly impressed. The plot =is= difficult to follow the first time through, since it's jam-packed with red herrings.<br />But on seeing it a  second time, the plot grew sort of transparent, even more or less  irrelevant. &quot;The Big Sleep&quot; was on AMC and I realized the source  of the overarching plot.<br />It was too late, though. I was hooked. Soon, I  was catching it every time it was on, staying up late, quoting lines,  making analogies between characters in my own life and the insights in this  movie--I was addicted. Fortunately, I found help. Well, not really. I found  a bunch of other people with a similar addiction. We all work together now,  far away from sane, social people, watching Lebowski on our lunch breaks  and spotting  continuity errors, as well as pondering the deeper  significances of the film. (Why use a marmot? Why not a weasel or a  badger?)<br />So, don't end up like me. Save yourself. Don't see this movie  again (and again and again).
B00004U45G|5.0|i recently passed up the opportunity to spend tons of cash on lawn seats to the Croww/Page show. I decided instead to invest in this truly unique album. More than just highlight the formidable talents of the Crowes as  back-up band with Page taking his turns at lead, this album documents an  exciting and rare opportunity to step back in time and into the future all  at once. First of all the band is tight and loose at the same time-they  groove and sparkle and are very much in sync with one another.    It is  an  overused rock cliche to say &quot;reinvent&quot; when it comes to an album  like this. i think these guys were having too much fun to reinvent. I can  only imagine the giddy pleasure of backing one of your rock idols-and then  to do it without sounding as if you are backing one of your heroes, but  rather just enjoying the moment.    It's a fantastically fresh and  respectful outing. As a fan of both bands, I can wholeheartedly recomend  this disc. Enjoy!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|With the title track, the acoustics and style create a strong, almost liquid feel that flows and changes form on each track. <br />&quot;Little Black Heart&quot; blends with Orbit sound, soft strings, and great  harmonies that are present throughout the CD. If there is a standout song,  it is &quot;Velvet&quot;. Simple, stripped naked vocals and emotion from  Morten and Simone. Haunting, sad, catchy and totally  captivating.<br />&quot;The Sun Never Shone that Day&quot; changes the scenery  a bit. It's a surprisingly upbeat, strum-along type song, despite the title  and lyrics. &quot;To Let You Win&quot; is an amazing bitter-sweet lovesong  with a slow and sultry sound and a really nice beat. <br />&quot;Thought That  It Was You&quot; breaks stylistic ground with a techno sound and an  etherial feel. Morten goes way up high on this one. <br />Morten teases us  with his amazing voice on &quot;I Wish I Cared&quot;.  Never quite going as  high and hard as he used to, he shines, as well as the band.  By this time  on the CD, you are convinced that this maybe the best CD you've ever heard.  &quot;You'll Never Get Over Me&quot; feels alot like Memorial Beach.   Guitar and bass driven, perfect harmonies, strong background vocals by  Lauren Savoy and heavy strings, it's great to hear this sound again though  not as raw. <br />&quot;I Won't Forget Her&quot; marks another change in  style. The drumbeat follows the bass and seems very different than any song  I've heard from A-ha. Shades of &quot;Out of Blue Comes Green&quot; but  still very different. If your curious about &quot;Mary Ellen Makes the  Moment Count&quot; like I was, don't worry, it's a very stong finish to an  amazing CD.<br />This is a collection of songs that doesn't have to overpower  or trick the senses to be appreciated.  It is simply that good and  &quot;must be heard&quot; !
B00001OH7O|5.0|This was where David Bowie's legend started to grow, and while the upbeat pop textures of HUNKY DORY would pale in comparison to the trashy glam rock of ZIGGY STARDUST, this album still rewrote the rules of pop music.  &quot;Changes&quot; is quite possibly the most sophisticated pop song ever  created, and even though it didn't make the top 40 in America, it's still  one of Bowie's most memorable songs. And that's the way HUNKY DORY can be  described: unapologetically pop. Songs like &quot;Kooks&quot;, &quot;Life  On Mars&quot;, &quot;Oh! You Pretty Things&quot; are well-crafted jewels of  keyboard-and-string-laden pop music that, in spite of the Bowie-ishness,  are fine examples of what pop music should sound like. I guess before Bowie  turned the amps up to 11 with ZIGGY STARDUST, he kept them low for HUNKY  DORY. And that was a good idea, because can you imagine a song like  &quot;Changes&quot; drenched in feedback? I don't think so. Even so, HUNKY  DORY was basically the calm before the storm that was ZIGGY STARDUST.
0792842103|5.0|This film is a must-have for your collection if you're an action fan.  With enough gadgets, cars, and guns to even make James Bond jealous, you definately won't be disappointed watching this one.  This movie doesn't  have a one track mind. It deftly mixes action, suspense, and even a little  romance and humor.  The plot isn't so confusing that you're completely left  out, but it also isn't so simple that you know how it turns out from the  start.  You must pay attention to the end of this movie.  The whole reason  for De Niro's character being part of the group attempting to recover  &quot;the case&quot;  is revealed in a small snippet of dialogue that, if  you miss, will leave you clueless to the whole point of the film.  <br />All  in all, this is an intelligent, fast paced film with all the right stuff.   You will not be disappointed.
B00004U45G|5.0|If you are a diehard Zeppelin fan, this CD set brings back memories of yesteryear.  Certainly sounds like the Led Zeppelin of old, with Chris Robinson doing a terrific job at vocals with Jimmy Page on guitar and the  Black Crowes in the background.  Sounds like they have been playing  together for years.  A must for any Led Zeppelin or Black Crowes fan.
6305807086|1.0|Although this &quot;piece&quot; might establish some sort of strange &quot;cult&quot; following, it was a truly worthless film.  While there may  have been some bits of humor and sexual references scattered here and  there, this was a waste of film - AND - My Money that I spent on the DVD  that I can't give away!  Do yourself a favor and go for walk on a busy  freeway before choosing to watch this movie.  To steal a famous quote:  &quot;Two Thumbs Down&quot;!  Better luck next time John Malkovich!
B00001OH7T|5.0|When David Bowie made his &quot;last show&quot; announcement during the last Ziggy tour, people considered it to be his retirement from music altogether. Luckily, it wasn't but it certainly was a permanent retire of a  persona that had begun to get in the way of Bowie's creative pursuits.  ZIGGY may be the more influential one, but YOUNG AMERICANS proved the most  that Bowie was a cat with more than one life. The sweet soul music of  Philadelphia had made a fan of Bowie, so he travelled there to make his  &quot;soul album&quot;. While this can easily be dismissed as one of  Bowie's &quot;experiments&quot;, it is by far one of his most successful.  The title track was only a moderate hit single, but David's most important  song since &quot;Changes&quot;, and a great introduction to this album  filled with all the things that made '70s soul great. &quot;Fame&quot;, of  course, became Bowie's first American chart-topper, and resulted in him  being one of the first white performers to guest on SOUL TRAIN. When I  heard the song in the NEXT FRIDAY movie, I finally saw just how influential  this album had become. David Bowie may have been white as a dove, but he  could certainly pass for black musically like no one else. Except for the  lifeless take on &quot;Across The Universe&quot;, YOUNG AMERICANS finally  demonstrated the staying power David Bowie really had.
0373834454|4.0|Yeah!  Georgette Heyer is back in print!<br />I first discovered the Heyer novels over 30 years ago when I was a teenager. A few years ago, I started re-reading the ones I had stashed in my mother's closet and was just as  enchanted as the first time I read them.  I immediately started haunting  bookstores (including Amazon.Com) trying to find the rest of them, but  alas, most of them were out of print.<br />I was delighted to see that they  are being re-released.  Unlike some of the reviewers, I found the antics of  Pelham and his friends to be one of the highlights of the book.  It was  laugh out loud hilarious.<br />It is a little ridiculous that we never know if  the marriage was consummated or not and I agree that Horry is not the most  sympathetic of heroines after her marriage.  But it is definitely one of  the funniest Heyer novels and thoroughly enjoyable. <br />I eagerly await the  re-release of all of the Heyer canon, especially These Old Shades, The  Devil's Cub, and An Infamous Army.
B000002LFZ|5.0|Listening the the Mac's greatest hits is like, to paraphrase Mr Gump, opening a box of chocolates and finding all of your favourites within. This star-studded compilation of the best singles during the 1975-88 incarnation  of the band would be hard to surpass - just one of these jewels could  sustain the careers of a thousand lesser bands.<br />The power triumvirate  writing the songs, Nicks, Buckingham and McVie, all share the spotlight  with a treasure trove of delights. The wonderfully catchy ballad &quot;You  Make Loving Fun&quot;, the caustic but powerful &quot;Big Love&quot; and  the six seductive and soaring minutes of &quot;Sara&quot;. You feel ashamed  to ask for more, but you get more including &quot;Dreams&quot;,  &quot;Everywhere&quot;, &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot; and &quot;Little  Lies&quot; - each song perfectly encapsulating the polished veneer of the  Mac sound. The two new songs &quot;No Questions Asked&quot; and &quot;As  Long As You Follow&quot; certainly do not look out of place with the latter  song, a gorgeous waltz perfect for a summer sunset. This album is essential  to any lover of music - if ever an album was made to play forever, this it  the one.
630562285X|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie, but it wasn't quite up to the standard that I have come to expect from Sean Connery.  However, Sean &amp; Catherine Zeta Jones make a tremendous paring on film.  It was definitely full of intrigue  and a good storyline.  I'm glad this is part of my collection, but I think  I paid a little too much.
0131103709|5.0|I keep it at my finger tips at all times. Excellent reference of all the standard libraries and useful, concise descriptions for each function. It's robust and to the point.
B00000JGHM|2.0|I bought this DVD because it was a bestseller and had so many great reviews. Not to mention the great actors in this movie. But this movie blows. It falls short in so many areas i wonder if the reviewers have ever  seen a good movie. Way to long, only 1 good long action scene, and the  ending has to be one of the worst ever. There was no suspense in the  Pacino/DeNiro face off it was so damn boring i fast forwarded it till  someone got shot. Seriously people rent this DVD before you watch it star  power alone doesn't make a movie good.
6302484391|1.0|what a shame for twentieth century fox!  film historically seen this movie was the second made in cinemascope and also done with stereo sound! But there is nothing of it on the tape! Mono-sounded and only 50 % of the  original picture. And often enough the picture was anamorphically pressed,  specially in the beginning, when Alfred Newman conducted the Twentieth  Century-Fox orchestra, only to get the entire orchestra on the 50% TV  picture they have &quot;pressed&quot; the original 100% film picture to fit  the TV screen- what a disturbing effect! No star at all for such a  film-video transfer. What a pitty that you can t get a laserdisc copy  which was available in the correct format 1:2.66 and in the wonderful  stereo sound. 20th Century Fox has to do something about that poor quality  when considering a &quot;Marilyn Monroe Collection&quot; on DVD!
B00002E233|5.0|I certainly didn't expect the volume of humor that was mixed throughout this film, but it was well placed and helped to ease some of the tension you felt throughout the movie.  I'm not usually a big fan of  &quot;thrillers&quot;, but this was a tremendous movie with enough of a  story to keep most anyone satisfied.  This is one &quot;thriller&quot; that  I'm proud to have in my collection.
6303477259|5.0|DVD! DVD! DVD! DVD! DVD! DVD! DVD! Please!
0451196716|5.0|I'm a spread out book reader, reading any kind of genre.  If there was ever a book that I would label as the most impacting it would be this one.  This story could possibly be the most depressing ever created by King.   It's set in a distant future where a supporting society sends 100 of their  most athletic children out in a gruesome contest.  In this contest these  young children have to continue to walk at a steady pace until the rest of  the group slows down to the point where the soldiers monitoring them kill  them.  In a two sentence synopsis it sounds so sick and horrible, but  dragged out to create a book it creates a sense of dred that the characters  inside would feel.  You feel like you are walking with them, with the  knowledge that you know all but one of them will be filling the page by the  end.  It is the most engrossing novel ever.  I wanted to read it all in one  sitting, and ended up reading it in two days.  If you want a novel that you  will never forget, this is most certainly the novel for you.  It makes you  think if our society will ever get to it's point and will fill your  sleepless nights with thoughts for months after finishing it.  Beautiful  storytelling.
B00004THAY|4.0|It is a nice CD, but I think it should be more like 50:50% of Eric Clapton and B.B.King. Sometimes it sounds too much as a B.B.King CD, you almost forget that the excelente Eric Clapton is around....
B00004U8H4|3.0|Unless you're a peychology major, you probably won't get much out of this film. In this movie, our main character preforms various sexual acts and then violently attacks and often murders his victims. If you are interested  in psychology, you can see a deeper meaning to the violence and sexual  display and into the mind of this corporate executive. I recomend this  movie for those interested in psychology. For everyone else, this movie is  probably a waste of your time.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I too bought this album only having heard the track 'Here With Me' on Roswell High, and I was hooked. I very rarely buy CD's but am really pleased with this one, what a gem. This girl can sing, I wouldn't like to  say she sounded like anyone else, she is truly individual. Then again I  usually listen to Metallica. Can't wait until there is another CD to buy,  in the UK she is only availible on import at the moment. With such moving  music Dido should get herself over here. One word discribes this CD, WOW.
B00004U8H4|3.0|Unless you're a psychology major, you probably won't get much out of this movie. In this film we have our main character preforming various sexual acts throught the movie before violently attacking and often murdering his  victims. Being interested in psychology, I saw more detail into  the  disturbed life of this corporate executive. I recomend this movie for those  who are interested in psychology. For everyone else, this movie might be a  waste of your time.
B000002HH2|5.0|Bjork,the Iceland queen of music,blows away all competition with,one of her if not the greatest album ever,Post.Bjork's indulging screams and jazzy tunes and cool,unique vocals will have you playing this a million times and  each time it will sound new.There's the dark quality in Army of Me,the  beautiful lyrics in Hyperballad,the fantastic jazz in I Miss You,the  tranquil melody of Isobel,and (my all time fav)the humor and jazz of It's  Oh So Quiet,which is worth the price of the CD alone.Bjork is inspirational  to anyone that can see the true essence behind her crazy screams and  beautiful voice and Post is an album everyone should have.
0788811355|5.0|Personally, I feel that &quot;The English Patient&quot; was astonishingly faithful to the book, but not in the literal sense.  While certain things simply cannot be adapted (they are too abstract to be visually  substantiated), the atmosphere and general aura weren't very different.   They both deepen the effect of the other, a clear sign that Anthony  Minghella wrote a superbly adapted screenplay.  As for the  cinematography--much of the film's fluidity owes to its brilliance and its  visual metaphors. Ralph Fiennes makes it impossible for us to imagine  anyone else in the role--he takes us through the narrative with wounded  pathos and real charisma--and Kristin Scott Thomas is luminous (a shop-worn  word, I see)in a difficult role.  She plays a woman who is terribly open  with nothing to hide (except for the affair, of course), and while other  actresses may fall into the pit of being bland with such a seemingly  one-dimensional character, Scott Thomas adds countless layers and nuances.   Fiennes and Scott Thomas  make the characters real people with real  feelings.  All other actors, especially  Willem Dafoe (he nearly steals the  movie), are superb and felt.  Thumbs up for most of the other  technicalities: music (wow), costumes, set design, etc.  Overall, a  captivating and mesmerizing film.  Its grand, unfolding power lures you in.
B000001OAA|5.0|I am actually a Garbage-freak!I am totally obsessed with them but everyone has a fav band and they will always be mine.What's so special about them?Shirley Manson will draw you into each song with her hypnotic and  powerful voice and the music will keep you coming back for more!Here's a  description of the tracks:<br />1.Supervixen:A killer song that will attract  you to Shirley the first time you hear it.<br />2.Queer:A dark and sexy song  but overly cool and enticing with a great chorus.<br />3.Only Happy When It  Rains:A gloomy song with depressive lyrics but an almost pop beat so you  will never wanna hear the end of it.<br />4:As Heaven is Wide:A  wonderfully  lyriced song with a great melody.<br />5:Not My Idea:A repeating tempo makes a  more modern sound for this song.<br />6:A Stroke of Luck:A beautiful song with  a chorus that will let you relax and feel &quot;the cold closing  in.&quot;<br />7:Vow:Garbage's debut single about revenge.This has to be one  of the most exciting singles ever made!<br />8:Stupid Girl:A very popular song  with a cool beat and a casual tone.<br />9:Dog New Tricks:A super cool and  catchy song.<br />10:My Lover's Box:A more slow tempo song that everyone can  relate to.<br />11:Fix Me Now:The chorus in this one is irresistable!It'll  stick in your head for weeks!<br />12:Milk:A slow but smooth song that will  pull you along with it.<br />Each of Garbage's songs is so unique it feels  like a new song each time you listen to a track.This is Garbage's raw CD  whil Version 2.0 has a techno essence added to it but buy them both.This  amazing force of a band is undeniably worth it!
B00000DC7L|5.0|All I can do here is just reiterate what is said in the other reviews and ask why the record company doesn't promote Brian May's CDs?  With the right promotion they are sitting on a gold mine here.  Don't know what my  favorite song is, because they're all just great.  I have to recommend this  CD to any rock and roll fan.  And for anyone who happened to dislike Queen,  don't worry.  All though there are some similarities here, particularly in  the background vocals and, of course, the guitar work, this is pure R&amp;R  at its best!
B000002HPV|5.0|Homogenic is probably Bjork's most honest and true album and is still a fantastic journey.Icelandick ex-Sugarcubes singer Bjork conveys a darker and more lonely mood on her most recent album but every song will pull you  with it.The desperate search qulaity of Hunter,the emotion in All is Full  of Love,the jungle melody in Alarm Call,the techno beat in Pluto,the  rythmatic tempo in Bachelorette,and of course the beatiful longing lyrics  of Joga.Homogenic shows a more mature and more thoughtful Bjork and it  shows the emotions that everyone can relate to.
B000006OAM|4.0|A very good cd.  There are a lot of mid tempo songs with strings that compliment Ms. Merchant's voice very well, as well as a couple of sparse and haunting tunes that, again, compliment her voice - she's extremely  versatile.  Any one of these songs could be from Tigerlily (her more  successful solo debut cd) - they're of the similar mindset.  It's got a bit  more orchestration, like her last studio release with 10,000 Maniacs, Our  Time In Eden, but for a reason I just cannot pinpoint, it falls a tad flat  of being 5 stars.
0375707972|3.0|Bernard Schlink &amp; Carol Janeway give us a smooth, poingnant, German translated book of love, eroticism and shocking hideous crime.<br />In &quot;The Reader&quot;, I found myself easily drawn into Michael and  Hanna's passionate world. We follow their lives from their 1st meeting when  Michael is 15 &amp; Hanna is 25. And onto when Michael is a young law  student and Hanna is on trial for an unspeakable crime.<br />As in most  &quot;Oprah's Picks&quot;....this is a book of hope in it's truist form. A  daunting novel for all.<br />if you find my comments interesting, please click  the &quot;yes&quot;--thanks--CDS
B000002AGB|5.0|The question is not 'which group put out the greatest live album of all time?' but rather ' which is the greatest live album ever, Leeds or Wight?' This may sound blasphemous, but I'm going with Wight (though Leeds is  simply astounding), and here is why.<br />Leeds, from a technical standpoint,  is nothing short of flawless. But it is lacking one major element - ENERGY.  If you don't believe me, track down a bootleg copy of Tommy at the Leeds -  sound aside, The Who sound almost dead. The group had just returned to  England for the first time in more than a month, playing Tommy every single  night, and they were TIRED. John and Keith are on fire at Leeds, but Roger  sounds like he has a cold, and Pete, while making sure to be technically  amazing and flawless for all of the 'intelligent' college students, seems  to be going through a bout of depression.<br />At WIGHT, however, this flaw is  gone and in a big way. Keith is occasionally sloppy, yes, but the energy  level is absolutely incredible. Why? Because the group was playing in front  of 500,000 completely stoned dumbasses, and there was nothing like a bunch  of idiots to get Pete going. His guitar falls out of tune a few times, and  he misses a chord here and there, but his riff-work is better than anything  I've ever heard before by _anybody_, and that guitar-tone... That tone just  SCREAMS angry and energetic exhiliration. It's INCREDIBLE!  Meanwhile,  Pete is obviously having fun, with his stage banter reaching Ian Anderson  levels of psycho humor, and the feedback that he produces in his windmills  and guitar-shaking is incredible.<br />AND DON'T FORGET ROGER! Roger NEVER  sounded better than this on any album, live or studio. Tommy is incredible  in no small thanks to Daltrey. And listen to his incredible, loud, growling  singing in Water, Shaking All Over, and ESPCIALLY Spoonful. It will blow  you away.<br />I love both of these albums, but if I have to choose between  the two, I'll go with Wight any dayof the week. If I have headphones, that  is - for some reason, there's a lot of air in the mix that completely  disappears when the music is coming at you from all sides. Alternatively,  it's good driving music - turn the stereo up loud and the bass high, and  you will be weak-kneed when it's all over.
B000031XCR|4.0|In a &quot;Decade of Song&quot;, Dion delivers some, not all, but some of our very favorites from this multi-talented diva. And what a delight to hear her new tunes.<br />This is a perfect CD to put on at the end of a day,  sip some wine, &amp; deliciously unwind. I promise you'll be smiling.<br />if  you find my comments interesting, please click the  &quot;yes&quot;--thanks--CDS
B00000K19E|5.0|Hi what's up? How are you doing fellows? In my critique, the best movie of 1999 was 1.Sixth Sense 2.Three Kings 3.American Beauty 4.MATRIX 5.Toy Story 2 6.10 Things I Hate About You 7.Tarzan 8.Boys Don't Cry.... ETC But MAtrix  is the movie that is most imaginary, has coolest special effect, and sound  in 1999.  I was tired of those childish Science Fiction like Jurassic Park,  Terminator,or other stuff. Matirx was imaginary, cool ideas, and most  critical movie about human beings. Also it didn't show only those ideas but  showing eyepopping actions, and special effect. This is my favorite movie
0385484518|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; is a book to be read by anybody who is interested in finding more satisfaction in their life.  It reminds you of what it means &quot;to be human&quot; and encourages you to disconnect from  the lures of our culture (money, material possessions, youth...) and  reconnect with your spirit and what is essential to bring purpose and  meaning to your life. Morrie who was stricken by a terminal illness also  teaches us that if you do not resist the way your life shows up there is  satisfaction in every moment of life no matter how challenging the  circumstances.  This essential message is taken further in the wonderful  book &quot;Working on yourself doesn't work&quot; by Ariel and Shya Kane.   &quot;Working on Yourself doesn't work&quot; is a gem among self awareness  books. In a style very different from &quot;Tuesday with Morrie&quot;, with  a mixture of ideas and narratives, it delivers the keys to personal  transformation and enlightenment.  If your life is about discovering that  state of being where satisfaction, self expression, aliveness and purpose  reside don't hesitate to look up this very unique book also.
0441172717|5.0|On the encouragement of a friend who was very into the &quot;Dune&quot; series at the time I tried reading this first book about sixteen years ago and couldn't get into it then. The movie came out about that time and I was  lost in it also. Recently I picked this book back up and found it a joy not  only to read, but to complete.<br />The only thing I can add to these already  glowing reviews for &quot;Dune&quot; is if you had tried reading it when  you were younger and couldn't muddle through it, try it when you're older  and have a little more experience and knowledge (and patience) about life  and it's workings and it should be a lot easier. It's worth another  attempt-or two-for it is one of those rare experiences that will change  your life, and make you see the world in a different way, enriching  it.<br />Also I recommend checking out the movie before you start the book.  Even though it only touches upon the events in &quot;Dune&quot;, skimming  over them almost in a superficial way, it will help you to understand the  deeper actions in the novel, and bring together some of the more confusing  elements-of the &quot;plots within plots&quot;, that incredible tapestry  that Herbert succeeds in weaving so well. It works great as a &quot;travel  guide&quot; to the &quot;Dune&quot; book.
0930289331|4.0|Following up on his 1986 renovation of the Batman myth with &quot;The Dark Knight Returns&quot;, Frank Miller teamed with David Mazzucchelli to produce &quot;Batman: Year One&quot;, a novel retelling of how Bruce Wayne  came to don tights to fight crime.  <br />Miller's Gotham City is a corrupt  and festering cesspool, much as he would later depict in his Sin City  series.  Two good men come to town to clean things up: Bruce Wayne and Jim  Gordon, a new detective on the Gotham police force fresh from his role in  cleaning up another police department.  <br />Wayne himself has returned to  his hometown after a long absence, during which he trained himself to  become a vigilante.  Wayne's first foray into crimefighting nearly ends in  disaster, but leads him ultimately to adopt the Batman motif to frighten  criminals.  Gordon becomes his unlikely ally as he strives to clean up  Gotham's police department.  <br />The writing remains more mature and gritty  than the typical comic book fare of the time.  Batman is not the invincible  denizen of the dark we've come to know and love, but an awkward guy in a  goofy costume who seems always to be within an inch of death.  Gordon is no  paragon of virtue either; the main subplot deals with his affair with  another cop while his wife waits to give birth to his son.<br />The result is  a gripping, gritty, and ultimately redeeming tale which once again  reinvents the familiar figure of the Batman.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 has always been one of my favorite bands, and this cd did not let me down. And whatever they are, they're not sellouts. I mean you'd want your band to be big wouldn't you? Blink has experimented with different  sounds and finally made it big in the music industry, and all you people  who hate that cause you wanted to be one of the only ones who new about  Blink 182 should just get over it.  Your band is big now, and you should  feel good about it. I am.<br /> Anyway, back to the cd. All the songs sound  great. Blink sounds so full in this cd.  And i personally think that travis  is better at the drums, but scott was still awsome.  This is a must buy cd  for old blink fans as well new ones.  If your a new blink fan check out  some of they're older stuff and you won't be disapointed.  It sounds more  punk. Also if you like Blink 182, check out Goldfinger.
0930289234|5.0|1986 is usually referred to as comic fans favorite year, due mainly to the introduction that year of two seminal works which seemed to instantly erase the boundaries of the hoary old comic art form: Frank Miller's  &quot;Batman: The Dark Knight Returns&quot; and Alan Moore's  &quot;Watchmen.&quot;<br />Of the two, &quot;Watchmen&quot; holds up better  today, for while &quot;Dark Knight&quot; reinvented the literary  conventions of comic books, &quot;Watchmen&quot; redefined them utterly.<br />As with his earlier strip &quot;V for Vendetta&quot;, Moore elects to  dispense with thought balloons and adopt a more cinematic style of  storytelling.  This gives artist Dave Gibbons a great deal of flexibility  in his depiction of the story and allows him to employ a variety of  cinematic storytelling techniques to the project.<br />For his part, Moore  turns in a tightly-plotted take on a world in which costumed crimefighters  are quite real, dominated by the godlike Dr. Manhattan.  The murder of one  of their own brings these crimefighters out of government-enforced  retirement to answer the question: &quot;Who Watches the  Watchmen?&quot;<br />This is a phenomenal work which illustrates once and for  all the potential of the comic book genre.  Even if you are not a comics  fan, you will find &quot;Watchmen&quot; to be exceptional.
B0000028UK|4.0|Who says a sophmore effort is cursed to be mediochre. Ha!  PJ turns out a wonderful deluge of gritty guitar drivin bla bla bla. The bottom line is that this album has class. More so than I would say of Ten who thanks to  MTV I can't stand to listen to. Apart from the videos Ten can't hold water.  Vs is different. I can't remember seeing any videos for it but I don't  care. I love it. It's one of the albums that was blasting while I waxed  Imps and layed waste to the forces of Scotia (Doom and Lands of Lore).  Its  just one of those multi-functional albums that every player needs.  High  points of Vs are Animal, Daughter, rearviewmirror, and W.M.A. Other albums  hint on the class of Vs but dont measure up. Pearl Jam is a great band and  in my opinion Vs is their greatest album.
B00000JCOV|5.0|after seeing slipknot in concert, i had to go buy the cd. it's awsome from (sic) to scissors, this cd is filled with great lyrics, loud guitar riffs, and awsome drumming. go buy it!
6305126062|3.0|You must read this book.  The movie doesn't do it justice. I don't like the way the ending in the movie and the book are different. The scenery was beautiful.  I saw Buck Branaman, he uses the same training techniques, and  he was amazing. I saw some behind the scenes and Robert Redford worked with  Buck.  He even had a cameo in the movie. Unless you've worked with a horse  I don't think you can truly understand how difficult they can be.  Seeing  the movie one time was enough for me but I plan on reading the book again.
B00004R99K|5.0|i still love watching tis movie at least once a week.this is by far the best disney movie of all time
0140386335|5.0|This is the story of Fantastica, and the salvation of all thecreatures of human imagination.  Bastian is a pudgy boy of 10 or 11that finds The Neverending Story in an old bookstore, and steals it. He sits in the attic of his school, and reads the whole story in one sitting.  Fantastica is in trouble.  The nothing is devouring the lands and people of Fantastica, and the Child-like Empress is dying. An boy named Atreyu is called upon to save them all.  He is given Auryn and told to find the answer to the problem.  Bastin then enters Fantastica by some magical means and saves them by giving the Child-like Empress a new name.  He is given possesion of Auryn, and begins to lose his memory...<br />This was an excellent book.  I sadly saw the movie first, then read the book.  The movie fails to do the book justice.  With all the recent developments in animation and such, a remake would be spectacular.
B00004TL21|3.0|I have loved rock/metal music for quite awhile and  i thought I'd give this cd a try. so, i bought it and i liked it. it has a lot of light songs that i don't care for,like digital bath, rx queen and a few more that are  like that. overall its a good structured cd and i would recomend it very  much.I think the best song on it is Change(in the house of flies), the  funniest song is Street Carp.if u like rock, the lighter stuff buy it if  your into metal don't buy it(but u can if you want 2 expand your cd  collection) i am a rock and metal fan and i think its ok.
6303942830|5.0|I like the mood, the acting, the dialogue and I even like some of the near prank stunts, like when Day-Lewis as Natty Bumpo jumps down the waterfall. Madeleine Stowe, in one of her better parts, acts wonderfully in her  understated role as the daughter of the ill-fated British General Monroe.  The scenery is beautiful and the soundtrack is superb.
080013558X|5.0|I even bought the book based on this movie.  I will admit having never the chance to see New York, let alone the play that this movie is based upon, but that didn't stop me from learning all the words to the songs, and  watching it over and over when cable tv brought it out.  I even sat down in  front of the tv with a tape recorder, and taped the songs from the movie(!)  I liked it so much.  &quot;Tomorrow&quot; is a wonderful song, and I  thoroughly enjoyed Carol B's &quot;Little Girls&quot;.  My mother, however,  was not pleased when I sang &quot;Hard Knock Life&quot; doing my share of  the housework!<br />I highly recommend this movie!  It may not be the Wizard  of Oz, or Gone with the Wind, but it is enjoyable family viewing.
B00004U45G|4.0|I first heard this album broadcast on the radio and immediately knew that I had to buy it. The Black Crowes haven't sounded this good since &quot;The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion&quot; although their latest,  &quot;By Your Side,&quot; came close. <br />At lot of this most certainly has  to do with Jimmy Page, whose playing sounds fresh and highly energized. You  can tell these musicians fed off the energy of each other, and it's  beautifully captured in this &quot;best-of&quot; live show culled from two  nights on October 18 &amp; 19, 1999 at the Greek Theater in L.A. <br />I would  disagree with the standard reviewer's comments about which songs are best  and say that, for my money, the best tunes are the reworkings of the  Zeppelin covers, most of which have only seen release on bootleg in their  live format. In my opinion, the best songs are: Custard Pie, Heartbreaker,  Out On The Tiles/Whole Lotta Love, and In My Time Of Dying, although all  the rest are better than most of the garbage being released today.<br />If you  are a Crowes fan OR a Zeppelin fan OR just want to hear a great live album  that you can crank up in the car for those long road trips, this is  it.<br />My one gripe is the extra track, &quot;Mellow Down Easy,&quot; that's  been added to the retail release.  For those of us that bought it as an  internet exclusive from Musicmaker.com, we're getting the shaft on this one  ... and for that I only give it four stars. C'mon guys, why punish your  truest fans by adding another track now? How about a reasonably priced  bonus CD single available only to those fans who originally bought the  album online with &quot;Mellow Down Easy&quot; plus a couple of alternate  live tracks from the shows?  Are you listening Chris Robinson?
0446310786|5.0|What a wonderful story and what a refreshing  change to read a story written with such virtue, honesty, and integrity!   Where are the Atticus Finches' in today's world?   Simply Wonderful!
B00000JTB2|5.0|I've been ramping up my blues collection lately, buying BB King, Albert King, Luther Alison, Melvin Taylor and many others, and for my money this is the best.  If you like Chicago electric  blues/rock, you can't lose with  this one.
0441003257|5.0|This book keeps you on your toes, when you're not on the floor laughing.<br />Demons and Angels partnering up, the end of the world, the Four Horsemen, and a peculiar book of prophecy combines with Pratchett and  Gaiman's talent of writing to create a book you just won't want to put  down.  I loved it!
B00000JG41|5.0|Tired of the tedious world of mainstream pop? Artists who create works which reflect the tastes of popular culture? Well escape the monotonous music which the music industry so endorses....And buy this cd. Patton does  for Trance/Ska what Syd Barrett did for Psychedelia in the late 60's. Like  Barrett, Patton creates music without regard to popular tastes, and the  results can be quite amazing. Enough said. Buy this cd if the conformity of  standard pop no longer interests you.
0375701427|4.0|I wanted to give it 5 stars but couldn't because the first half of the book was slow and left me with many questions.  The conclusion of the novel however, was ingenious in its portrayal of the &quot;normal&quot; family  gone awry- also hinting at the illusion that Americans like to engage in by  thinking of their lives as perfect when in fact, dysfunction runs abundant.
6301966988|4.0|Special effects are good for their time, and the story is solid. An evil rival kills Swayze and wants to bed his girl, to boot. But Swayze assumes a ghostly form and spends some time practicing his new ghostly skills in the  subway, whereupon he causes the brutal deaths of his rival and the hired  assassin. Then Whoopi Goldberg is possessed by Swayze's ghost, kisses Demi  Moore, and the ghost departs for good into the region of light. I know. But  when you watch it for the first time, it's captivating and touching. If you  have never seen this movie, get it now.
6305807086|5.0|BEING JOHN MALKOVICH is one of the most inventive movies I've ever seen.  The central conceit is clever and original, but the genius of the movie is that dizzying variations on the idea are worked smoothly into the plot and  used to reveal the devices and desires of the characters.<br />The choice of  John Malkovich as the MacGuffin is, in retrospect, obvious.  It is hard to  imagine another actor with a public image that would work so well (consider  BEING BURT REYNOLDS).  The entire cast does a suberb job, and even Charlie  Sheen appears in a rare non-gratuitous cameo.<br />Despite many comic moments,  this is a fundamentally tragic movie, reminiscent at points of the work of  Robert Aickman.  Desire, here, is a vacuum and personality is a deadly  trap.  &quot;Consider the metaphysical implications!&quot; says one;  &quot;We could charge $200 a head,&quot; answers another.   Simple greed  appears healthy when compared to the grasping for control and immortality  that wins the day.  The redemption offered to a few characters by love is  anything but the typical tidy Hollywood escape (no one even gets to  &quot;die for love.&quot;)<br />BEING JOHN MALKOVICH is delightful and  disturbing, a rare and magical combination.
0375501851|4.0|Rollicking, poignant, filthy, screamingly funny, insightful.  So many terms could be piled up to describe this marvelous first novel by Zadie (what a lady) Smith.  I didn't know what to expect upon buying the book and  certainly did not plan to become so quickly captivated by the complex,  fully rendered characters of Archie and Iqbal.  I have travelled frequently  to London over the past few years and found this to be the best true  traveller's guide to that metropolis.  Contemporary London has moved beyond  the strawberries and cream of Princess Diana days to encompass the revenge  of the entire fabulous Empire: from the Caribbean to Bengal, from  end-of-the-world predicters to World War II remnants.  And the prose! Zadie  hears with the precision and wit of a 1,000 year old crone and  writes like  a toddler newly in love with our English language.  A massive book for the  ages, brava!
0805062971|5.0|This book has to be my absolute favorite. Why? you ask? Well, here's why:<br />Action Level: 7/10- There is a fair amount of adventure and peril strewn throughout the novel.<br />Romance Level: 8/10- There is a well  developed relationship between the characters.<br />Satirical Value: 9/10-  This book has hilarious satire value.<br />Plot Twist: 10/10- This was the  *best* twist possible in a novel.<br />Character Development: 7/10- The  characters underwent a major transformation that is highly  described.<br />Writing style: 8/10- Chuck writes with a unique fluidity much  similar to Vonnegut that many will enjoy.<br />Overall, I advise *everyone* to  read this novel...
B00000JGHM|5.0|ok, so two of the best actors meet face to face, but theres more, this film is great. I have no reason to feel that the film should have been shorter. At the end i knew both the characters, i lived with them and they  were both great at what they did. To shorten the film would merely fall it  short. Appreciate the beauty and intelligence of what happens. Hell, just  have fun!
B00004U45G|5.0|Jimmy Page is back and better than ever, Chris Robinson from the Black Crowes makes for a great Robert Plant immitation, and the live atmosphere gives any listener a deep sense of excitement.  All the Zeppelin classics  are here such as &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot; and &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;  as well as other less known, but still excellent songs, like &quot;Out on  the Tiles&quot; and &quot;Custard Pie.&quot; Other great blues songs can be  found on this CD and every other aspect on it is good so go buy this one.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I'd first heard of Dido, after watching &quot;Sliding Doors&quot; some years back, and becoming entranced with the gorgeous song at the end credits.  It was apparent that the voice was hauntingly beautiful, but I  couldn't trace it.<br />When I finally heard Dido again, on  &quot;Roswell&quot; I immediately rushed to pick up &quot;No Angel&quot;  and it's become a constantly played CD here at the office. From the  breathless caress of &quot;Here with Me&quot; to the oft heard &quot;Thank  You&quot;, she can belt out a tune that speaks volumes of love's lost  labour and hopelessness, with the freshness not easily seen in our  pop-chewing-gum music video enhanced world.<br />Reminiscent of Sophie  Hawkins, with the Gaelic touch of both Sinead and Kate Bush, she elongates  heartbreak in the touching &quot;Honestly OK&quot;.  It is indeed, hard to  find a song that isn't well done here.<br />Here's one CD I won't hesitate to  recommend.
0671867369|5.0|My interests in military history have gravitated more towards the Vietnam and Korean conflicts.  Not because I don't like WWII, but because any time War is discussed these days, it is likely to be either the Gulf War or  WWII.  This book changed all that for me.  Stephen Ambrose's reputation  caused me to purchase this book, and he lives up to it in a big way with  this book.  The narrative style of this book makes it read  like a suspense  or mystery novel.  He does a wonderful job of developing the men's  backgrounds and their development as soldiers and a cohesive unit. It  allows you to sense some of the pain that their comrades must have felt  when some of them were inevitably lost. Mr. Ambrose does a good job of  drawing the reader into what it was like for these men--as much as it can  be done for a reader, particularly one who has not seen combat.  I  recommend this book to anyone interested in studying warfare, WWII, or just  looking for a good patriotic reading.
B000002U94|5.0|Seger's \\"Greatest Hits\\" album came out about six years ago, but it's never come even remotely close to this one. I can't say much to describe this album except that about halfway through any given song on it I'm nodding and saying, \\"Yeah... that was a good one, too.\\" I was raised on Bob Seger, and this is what I remember about him: music that can rock, that can be tender, that can be wistful, but that always has a point, and always makes you come away from the experience feeling satisfied. Even the admittedly shameless butchering of \\"Let it Rock\\" (say goodbye to those Alto Reed sax solos) doesn't detract that much from what is possibly the greatest monument to classic American music.
0393317552|4.0|Once in a while a book comes along compelling enough to bring mind altering new perspectives, spark extended contemplation, and arouse fresh interest in overlooked fields of study.  This is one of those books.  In  Guns, Germs, and Steel Diamond investigates human prehistory from a  scientific perspective drawing on numerous disciplines to develop a  hypothesis that the globally unbalanced rise of civilization and technology  was primarily a function of advantageous environmental conditions and  resources available to those societies where civilization arose.  Though  the present landscape may suggest that early societies were on a relatively  equal environmental playing field, Diamond's scientific review of the  evidence indicates convincingly otherwise. A particularly persuasive point  in the book argues that environmental conditions amenable to agriculture  (mild climate, indigenous protein-rich plants, and large indigenous  domestication-ready animals) facilitated a food surplus and consequently  denser populations with surplus time for some members of the society to  take on trades, invent, engineer, lead, develop government, heal, build,  paint, etc.  Innovations then fuelled more surplus time perpetuating a  tornado of advancement, sparked in large part by the proverbial flapping  butterfly wings of agriculture.<br />Diamond's book challenged my fractured  knowledge of human prehistory leaving worldview shattering ideas in its  wake.  His book also sparked my renewed interest in geography,  anthropology, archaeology, weather, and geology among others.  The book's  fusion of the scientific method with the study of history was quite potent  and refreshing, though at times overly reductionist.  As such, less  scientifically reducible elements like culture and religion are not  considered within his hypothesis.<br />At times the book did seem to forgo  scientific rigor for political correctness.  For example, though Diamond  relies on numerous examples of relatively recent non-human elements of  natural selection and genetics to build his case, he is unwilling to  discuss the potential role of human biological variation created by our  settling contrasting environments.  Considering modern humans resided  and/or began migrating to new and varied lands over 100,000 years ago,  there seems sufficient time for some physiological variations to develop  that may be relevant to Diamond's case.  Unfortunately for this reader,  anticipating a compelling argument either way, Diamond just states that  environment-induced genetic variations are irrelevant to societal  development (and \\"loathsome\\" to even think about) as if it were a  self-evident axiom.  Curiously, he challenges this axiom himself by  postulating that the people of New Guinea are likely smarter than the  average human considering the mental acuity necessary to survive in their  harsh environment.<br />Overall, besides some minor disappointments, this was  a spectacular book and I highly recommend it.atively recent non-human elements of  natural selection and genetics to build his case, he is unwilling to  discuss the potential role of human biological variation created by our  settling contrasting environments.  Considering modern humans resided  and/or began migrating to new and varied lands over 100,000 years ago,  there seems sufficient time for some physiological variations to develop  that may be relevant to Diamond's case.  Unfortunately for this reader,  anticipating a compelling argument either way, Diamond just states that  environment-induced genetic variations are irrelevant to societal  development (and \\"loathsome\\" to even think about) as if it were a  self-evident axiom.  Curiously, he challenges this axiom himself by  postulating that the people of New Guinea are likely smarter than the  average human considering the mental acuity necessary to survive in their  harsh environment. <br />Overall, besides some minor disappointments, this was  a spectacular book and I highly recommend it.
B00004U56N|5.0|This is a really extraordinary Miles Davis album. I started listening to him a few years back and I bought &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; recently. It is one of the best Miles Davis albums out there. I couldn't tell you which  track I liked the most because they're all equally good. It's a really  great album.
B000002TLX|5.0|If you know me at all, (which most of you probably don't, but oh, well) you know that, in order for me to like a song, it has be well-written lyrically.  Now, most people say, &quot;What?  Shouldn't a song be  well-written musically?&quot;  Well, yeah, duh.  That's what you expect  from song.  But for me, if it doesn't have meaningful words, what's the  point?  Luckily, Richard Marx delivers in both areas, which makes it no  wonder that his songs are the hits they are.  He's an amazing writer, and  if you like soft rock in the least, you'll love this album.
B00004T9UF|5.0|OK! this Review can go the same way with the slim shady LP too.      i know ppl complain about his lyrics and how they are to violent, but thats what hes lived with, so thats what he writes about.      I dont even have  the CD yet, BUT I HEARd my friends' copy. its great, if u liked the slim  shady LP, ull LOVE this.  I like the way each of songs like tell a story.   When i first heard STAN i thought it was dumb but when I listened to the  words i almost cried. its about a big fan writin letters to slim.  then he  kills himself from the shady not answerin him. and songs like DRUG BALLAD  are good party songs with a cool beat.  its just an all around great album.   but u are sensitive about lyrics.... then.be cautious.  but what the heck!  buy it any way!
B00004T9UF|4.0|Eminem is an excellent lyricist. He has a mastery of coming up with intelligent rhymes. But from a female point of view, he goes a little too far. He's married to his wife now and he still sings about killing her. I  can't listen to Kim because the violence against his wife makes me  uncomforable. Paul is a great song. The beat is good and I like the woman  singing in the background. The lyrics is what makes the song so powerful.  All in all a definite buy but female listeners beware.
076790382X|3.0|This book is called Notes from a Big Country in Canada, presumably to cash in on the popularity of the author's Notes from a Small Island.  This book is not in the same category as its namesake.  It is just a collection of  reviews written over two years (6 Oct 1996 to 17 May 1998 to be precise)  for a British newspaper, offering various gripes about life in America.   The book simply reproduces the columns chronologically, and as a result  there is no overall organization.  The Canadian edition that I read was  appallingly poorly copy edited, which is ironic given Bryson's scruples  about the English language. Some of the columns are funny, and some  (especially one about the sinking of the Titanic) are just plain awful. In  sum, this is not nearly as good as Bryson's other books, but still has  enough humour to keep you reading to the end.
0783117388|4.0|can someone please answer my question. How on earth is Sarah Jessica Parker considered a sex symbol!  I blame the same guys who somehow convinced people that Gwyneth Paltrow and Heather Locklear are hot. God  bless America.
B00004THAY|5.0|It's about time Eric Clapton and B. B. King made an album together.  This a gem.  Not only are King and Clapton legends, they are also consummate professionals.  Their guitar styles are different enough for each to fit  into appropriate niches and thus keep things interesting throughout, and  the sage-pupil dynamic is an endless source of enjoyment.  They constantly  challenge each other in both playing and singing, often alternating, and  the resultant good-natured exchanges are at times seamless and virtually  always superb.  These guys are brothers where it matters, in heart and soul  and in decades of living and playing the blues.
B00004TL21|4.0|When an established band changes their sound, the fans tend to write them off and complain about them selling out, but the Deftones obviously know what they're doing with the new more ambient, melodic approach.  As  witnessed by the public's reaction to Korn on Issues, people obviously  don't want to keep forking out $15 on an album that sounds identical to  previous albums.  But they also want an album that sounds like it was at  least written by the same band, unlike Sugar Ray's 14:59.  And as much as I  would love another Around The Fur, I must say I'm impressed with the way  the band has progressed from album to album.  As Around The Fur was a  deeper, more polished follow-up to Adrenaline, White Pony is more  atmospheric, sophisticated and overall satisfying than Around The Fur.   There's still hints of the old Deftones in Korea, Street Carp and Elite,  just to satisfy the narrow-minded fans.  But their growth is most evident  on songs such as RX Queen, Digital Bath and Knife Prty.  RX Queen,  Feiticeira, Knife Prty and first single Change finally show the band's  ability to write a hook, and will surely become a live favourite, while  Knife Prty illicits a real chill down your spine like no other band could  create.  My overall favourites include the catchy opener Feiticeira, the  NIN-sounding RX Queen, Korea (boy is it good to hear that scream again) and  of course, Knife Prty.  Definitely different from the first two albums, but  definitely Deftones, this album is sure to blow away many old fans of the  first two albums, and while they might lose the support of a few metal  junkies, they're sure to recruit more fans than they'll lose.  And NO, THEY  HAVE NOT SOLD OUT.
B000009ED0|5.0|This is a fine album!  I and my children cannot get enough of Kid Rock!  It does a parent alot of good when their kids are listening to something inspiring like kid rocks music, rather than all the crap- rap that they're  listening to today!  This dude down below obviously does'nt know his music!   I know my music!  I have been a real rock fan since i was five years old.   And I am now in my mid-thirties!  So, this album is a rarity, you must go  out and by it!  Because, Rock and Roll is<br />to few and far between  nowadays!
0792151712|3.0|I'm glad that damned Titanic craze was over and done with once and for all after a year, so why are people still saying that this is the bomb-diggity? I definitely don't think so. Leonardo DiCaprio's most recent movie, \\"The  Beach,\\" reportedly had him sunk again, and this time there was no boat! I  also heard about his affair and that child he's having with his French  co-star. He ain't the king of the world no more. Neither is James  Cameron.<br />Yeah, it made over a billion dollars, and that Céline Dion song  which became a megahit, it isn't the best song in the world, though Céline,  regardless of what many people think, has class and plenty of vocal talent,  and the song is okay, too. I'd go with Bette Midler's \\"Wind Beneath My  Wings\\" or Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston's \\"When You Believe\\" any day of  the week, though. And the dialogue is Power Rangers-esque tripe. Not to  mention way too much fiction. <br />My recommendation: get \\"Gone With The  Wind\\" instead.
1878424114|5.0|I have already purchased four copies of this book and keep giving them away.
0395925037|1.0|I've been to the concentration camps in Poland. I've seen various movies, including &quot;Night and Fog,&quot; &quot;Triumph of the Will,&quot; &quot;Schindler's List,&quot; and &quot;The Diary of Anne Frank.&quot; I've  read all sorts of books (&quot;Night&quot; by Weisel being my book of  choice in that genre). I am an Orthodox Jew from Brooklyn who grew up with  the monolithic Holocaust casting a dark shadow over many aspects of my  childhood and adolescence. However, I never fully appreciated the terror  and horror that was Adolph Hitler on an intellectual level until I read  this book. I felt the emotions. I had many experiences. But I still could  not understand. I give absolutely no credit to Hitler's &quot;genius&quot;  or to his so called &quot;leadership skills.&quot; However, as a result of  this book, the evil inherent in his little smirk, his deep eyes, and that  small mustache has become much more tangible. Therefore, while personally  this book had I guess what you can call a positive effect, I cannot with a  clean conscience recommend this book to anybody. Despite this, we must  never forget. Never forget.
B00001ODGR|5.0|Kind of like Deja Vu... Styxx back at the Paradise in Chicago.  Excellent content and great video.  The Dolby Digital 5.1 has no center channel sound.  I preferred the Dolby Digital stereo on this DVD, the Eagles used  DTS and PCM stereo on their DVD - producers choice?  In Dolby 2.0 you get  prologic sound, but the center channel dominates and it is not a good  balance.  No matter, an excellent buy, and 108 minutes of Styxx Live...
0887309372|5.0|Focus. Don't do a line extension to save your life. <br />OK, this book is great and should be read by anyone involved in marketing (I mean come on, who doesn't have the 3 hours it takes to read this book). Unfortunately one  serious drawback is that he uses plenty of examples to support his claims.  Huh? Why is that a negative? Here's why: because it gets the reader to  think of plenty of counter-examples that contradict his points. As another  reviewer suggested the claim of &quot;immutable&quot; laws of marketing is  a bit bold, but what the book does provide is food for thought in a highly  readable context. <br />You gotta give the guy credit though. He takes a  stand. And there's a lot to be said for taking a viewpoint and standing by  it in today's middle of the road world. <br />If you don't feel up to reading  &quot;Focus,&quot; &quot;Positioning,&quot; or some of the other texts by  Al Ries, this one provides a lot of the insights in bite size pieces.  <br />Despite the knocks against it listed above there are a few points worth  acknowledging:  1. Al Ries is a legend in marketing.  2. It's a good, fun  read with many useful examples worth keeping in mind when developing  marketing strategies. 3. By reading it for yourself you can develop  examples to refute a lot fo the laws and move along the path towards  critically evaluating branding strategies.
B00004T9UF|5.0|When Eminems frist cd came out I liked him but I did not bye his cd. But I taped my friends cd and I listen to it all the time. Then when I herd of his new cd I tried to bye it as soon as I could so I bought it 5 days after  it came out now I listen to it 24/7. So I would reccemend you all go out to  bye it!
6305426651|5.0|I first saw Life is Beautiful in a small theater in a Chicago suburb.  From the moment I sat down I knew this movie would impact me.  No one else except Roberto Benigni could have created a masterpiece on the gruesome  subject of a Nazi concentration camp.  The film portrays all the virtues  that a human being should have like love, hope, courage, and sacrifice.    Demonstrating some important thematic points, Life is Beautiful will not  leave you depressed.  You will find yourself laughing at the comic genius  of Benigni, smiling at the tender moments, and maybe crying when you feel  like it.   This is an excellent film for the ultimate film buff or the  novice saturday night movie watcher.   Be prepared to be amazed and changed  by this film.<br />Ciao!
B00004U45G|5.0|This CD is a jewel waiting to be discovered. If you are a Page fan, you merely have to listen to the CD to be extremely pleased at the sound quality and playing of the best live recording that we have EVER heard from  Page or Zeppelin. If u are a Crowes fan you have to be pleased to hear in  the music how much fun the Crowes seem to be having. This is good old,  straight ahead riff crunching blues rock directed by the master of the  riff, Jimmy Page. Buy this, anyone who I know that has heard this can't  stop moving while they listen. One great track after another. I only hope  they release a DVD version!
0425129586|5.0|This is Christie's best book. I loved it. The atmosphere is scary, the plot is magnificent and filled with tension, the characters are believeable and great as well as the setting, which is marvelous. You are kept in  suspence until the very last chapter where it is wonderfully explained to  you. A sheer thrill, and a great expereince. Definatly read this, as it  Agatha Christie's best novel.
6305903182|3.0|Talk about weak links, Scream 3 falls short due to the absense of Kevin Williamson.  The first two were incredible but S3 doesn't seem to catch the same energy the first two had.  I bought this movie because it ties up all  the loose ends of the story.  As for the actors, I love Neve Campbell and  Courtney Cox.  Parker Posey needs to do more movies she is awesome.
0061002747|4.0|Agatha Christie does a wonderful job, and this book is a good one. Definatly worth to read. The setting and plot are extraordinary as well as the colorful suspects. The murder solution is ingenious but a bit far  fetched. Poirot is delightful in this book and the way he deals with the  crime is great and there are various themes presented. Pick this one up.
0684867621|1.0|This is the one book by Stephen King I could not finish.  Usually his books grab me from the first paragraph but this one held no interest at all.  I quit about a 1/4 of the way through and didn't even care enough to  turn to the back pages to find out how it ended.<br />  King has only left me  disapointed once before and that was with Gerald's Game.
0061002860|4.0|I really enjoyed reading the book and the surprising ending. However, everyone seems to think that this is the best book by Christie but it isn't. I really liked it but she's written better and the plot is not  exciting. The  atmosphere and setting are all excellently detailed as well  the excellent solution. A worthy read and you sould definatly pick it up.
0060926317|2.0|This is supposedly a true story of a woman kidnapped and 'forced' to do a walkabout with an Aboriginal tribe called the Real People.  While a very spiritual book, I find it terribly hard to put this in a non fiction  catagory.<br />  I believe Ms. Morgan took bits and pieces of stories and  beliefs she has heard and tried to make them her own.  And in doing so,  created a very unbelievable list of characters and situations.<br />  If the  book had been written as fiction I believe I would have enjoyed it more,  and found the unbelievable to be acceptable.  As it was, I spent more time  shaking my head at what we are expected to believe is real.<br />  Read this  book if you want a quick spirtual fix, but take it with a grain of salt!
0425129616|4.0|The first novel ever by the queen of mysteries is elegently done and contains a colorful and sort of exotic plot and characters, introducing her famous detective Poirot. But the story drags, only a bit, in the middle but  the very end is fast paced and a sheer surprise. It may not be her best  novel but this is a great one.
079213690X|5.0|This is one of the greatest movies ever made and  I think it deserved more credit than it got. The battle scenes are amazing and the whole story was   very accurate. I couldn't stand the part where Wallace was killed though. I  broke down into tears the first time I saw it. &quot;Braveheart&quot; will  touch your soul and will always be one of the greatest motion  pictures of  all time.
0679735259|4.0|Being only 17 detracts from my ability to fully appreciate the novel, because I never experienced Vietnam or society from that time. I have done  research of Vietnam, analyzing Platoon, When Heaven and Earth Changed  Places, and research from other wars. The book fully portrays the  &quot;reality&quot; of war, and definitly makes the reader appreciate that  they're reading someone else's account. I did however find some fault in  the stream of consciousness writing, though not from my inability to  understand it. I have read Joyce, the pioneer of the writing style, and  possibly spoiled by his masterful use, I found some displeasure in Herr's  use. However, don't let momentarily lapses of coherency ruin the book for  you, because the feeling of depth and knowledge gained at the end fully  redeems any faults. It agrees with all other accounts of the war I've seen,  and possibly adds more of a personal touch that a reader must respect. For  anyone that enjoys war history, human psyche, or harsh speaking reality,  then this might be a book for you.
B00003Q43A|4.0|The time me and my dad went to go see Independence  Day at the theaters in 1996, it completely blew me away! Now it's on DVD and it's almost as good as it was in the theaters. Even though it is a little cheesy and stupid in  parts, the scenes where  the White House and the Empire State Building gets  blown to bits is just awesome! Bill Pullman and Will Smith put on a  reasonably good performance and the special effects were probably  ground-braking. If you don't have it yet, go buy it now!
015670160X|3.0|Throughout history, women have always been the subject of oppression and stereotyping.  Today the world is finally beginning to accept women as intellectuals, workers, writers, and other occupations other than  housewife.  However, women have not always been so fortunate, and history  clearly shows their oppression from the lack of information left behind by  women.  Some of the greatest writers who ever lived may not of gotten  anyone to read their writing, because they were women and it was not  \\"politically-correct\\" for them to do anything but raise the children.   Gradually, near the beginning of the century, women were able to start  pushing away these stereotypes, and they started to receive more rights and  were allowed to publish their writings. Virginia Woolf is able to  wonderfully express the struggle of women, in a way in which men could  easily relate.  By Orlando starting as a man and then seeing all his rights  and respect taken away when he becomes a woman, the men reading could  understand what they have and take for granted. One example of the unfair  way in which the women were treated can be seen when Orlando goes back to  England for the first time after the change.  She went to get her house but  encountered a few problems, \\"The chief charges against her were (1) that  she was dead , and therefore could not hold any property whatsoever; (2)  that she was a woman, which amounts to much the same...\\" (pg.168) The women  of the day were given rights no better than those of a dead man were.    Also as soon as she got back, she was expected to settle down and start  looking for a husband, instead of writing or working, \\"In short, they acted  the parts of man and woman for ten minutes with great vigor ...\\" (pg. 179)  This is how her life was, secretly hiding herself from society, and also  dealing with the courting of men.  It is ridiculous how little respect or  rights that she received.  The best angle of the book, however, is reading  through and noticing the growth of independence in woman and how their  world expanded.  Gender should never be a consideration in decisions or  cloud the minds of those who decide, it should be an equal chance for both  men and women.  Everyone is stuck on this planet, and we might as well try  to get along together with as much peace and equality as we can.
0671015206|1.0|I bought this book because of its catchy title and it's track record as a long term bestseller.  Unfortunately, it turned out to be one of the worse book I ever read!  The only thing I find interesting in the book is the  statistics on the financial state and the purchasing habits of the American  public.  Unfortunately, the authors' interpretation on the data are often,  in my opinion, incorrect.  If you look carefully, the text portion of the  book often incorrectly interpretate data presented in the tables and  different parts of the book often contradict.  The main theme of the book  is to never spend a dollar so you can save up a million dollars in your  bank account.  I personally don't see the appeal working hard all my life,  never enjoy the money I earned, just to have 6 zeros in my bank account.  I  think most of us want to be a millionaire AND to enjoy the reward that  money can bring us.
B00004U45G|5.0|It is nice to hear someone cover some Led Zeppelin songs and have atleast one member of the original band along for the ride.  This CD has a great mix and the choice of songs is great.  It is nice to see some out of the  ordinary songs done such as Sick Again, Hey, Hey What Can I do and Custard  Pie just to name a few.  I do not own one Black Crowes CD and never cared  for their most popular hits such as Remedy and Hard To Handle, but I do  believe Jimmy chose the right band to back him up.  The album is defintely  beefy and has a nice clear sound.  Hats Off To Pagey and the Crowes!  Nice  One!  Buy it, you'll like it!
0440217563|5.0|I just finished reading Diana Gabaldon's Voyager.  It is my first book of hers and lo, I find that there are two others that preceed it!  This story of Claire and Jamie set both in the 1960's and in the 1700's, is a great  read for anyone that loves Scotland and Scottish history.  The period comes  to life and Claire's unique outlook is both funny and fascinating. Like  Marion Zimmer-Bradley, Diana Gabaldon is able to transport us back in time,  making it come alive, making the people seem real.  I lost myself  completely in this book and am now reading her first, Outlander.  I am not  disappointed!   What a great author, I can hardly wait to see what happens  next to those wonderful lovers, Jamie and Claire. Even my husband loves  these books!  There's something for everyone, adventure, fantasy, romance,  history.  Summer reading at its best!
B000008H1Y|5.0|Objectively this is ONE of Tull's best albums.<br />Subjectively this IS Tull's best album.<br />Why?<br />It is full of melody, atmosphere and fantastic song writing. There is a real sense of celebration in the music. Medieval  Rock!  Artists today are too self conscious. Too concerned with commercial  acceptability. Songs form the Wood is a theatrical delight and everything  that we know to be Jethro Tull. If you are a Tull fan and haven't heard  this then buy it, as simple as that. Sit back, relax, and smell the green  moss, if you don't then it's your loss!
0064471047|5.0|The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is the beginning of theland of Narnia for readers here in our world. The name itself evokessymbols that mean almost as much in our culture as Dorothy, the Cowardly Lion, the Tin Man and the Scarecrow.<br />Reading this book is a lovely gift to make to your children, or to yourself. Lewis draws powerfully on our childhood desire to find ourselves in a fantasy land. The story of Peter, Susan, Lucy and Edmund being transported into Narnia makes all of think of our own childhoods in a powerful way.<br />And from that power, Lewis can draw on the naivite and newness of children to approach faith and love and the values that accompany them. We see the very basic sin of Edmund as he betrays his siblings for just one more piece of Turkish Delight. And, so movingly, we witness his forgiveness and the love of the Lion for this one boy.<br />Lewis disagreed with the term &quot;allegory&quot; being applied to his Narnia tales. He felt that an allegory provides tangibility to intangible values and he felt his Narnia stories deal with things that are real in our world already. He wanted to show how people might come to God if they didn't have all the baggage and preconception that &quot;our world&quot; loads on top of religious feeling.<br />No matter how much you're reading into this book, it's a piece of magic and not to be missed. Reading it to a child will give it an even stronger place in the life of that person. Not many things mean as much to me as thoughts of the Lantern, Mr. Tumnus, the Stone Table and Lucy. The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe was read to me as a child and it will always be a dear, dear book to me.
B00000JGEF|5.0|Great action/science fiction movie. Special effects and stunts are top notch. Good story line and a LOT of firepower!
B00004U45G|4.0|'Live at the Greek' is a very cool CD and Jimmy Page and the Black Crowes get high marks for going for it!  The music is far from perfect, even giving it the benefit of the doubt of being a live recording.  But the  Crowes multiple guitarists complement Pagey quite well and they pull off  some complicated Zep tracks (like &quot;Ten Years Gone&quot;) that Jimmy  could never do in concert on his own (even with the triple-neck guitar).   Chris Robinson puts in a strong performance on vocals.  Robinson's does not  have the vocal power of Robert Plant (especially in Zep's hey day), but  Robinson has the soul and the balls to sing these tunes.  Listening to  Jimmy and the Crowes power through &quot;Sick Again&quot; will certainly  put a smile on the face of any true Led Zeppelin fan!
6304233639|5.0|Great movie in the theater because of the special effects. So it's &quot;War of the Worlds&quot; updated, but some sequences are absolutely awesome. Still good on television, especially if you have a large screen.
0316777722|5.0|I approached this book with great anticipation, because I had already read any and everything I could find that David Sedaris had written.The book more than met my expectations.My only regret was when I finished  it,which,was too soon.Every chapter is a gem.I've done nothing but tell  anyone who will listen,even make eye contact,to read this book.The thrill  of my life,was to have my copy authographed by David,when he appeared at  one of our local bookstores.He was a genuinely nice guy and hearing him in  person,is an experience I will cherish forever.
B00004U45G|5.0|I'm not a big Led Zeppelin fan, but there's very little not to like about this double-disc set if you like the Crowes.  The beefy, crunchy sound is amped up and enhanced tremendously by Jimmy Page.  The actual vocals are a  little muted from the conversion from the live concert, but you can't  mistake Robinson's voice.  If you like the Crowes, you'll definitely like  this set.  A must have, I'd say.  Highlights are the bluesy songs.
014028009X|4.0|Good grief!<br />My neighbors must think I'm an absolute lunatic. I laughed so hard at this novel, and its sequel, while reading late at night, that surely they must have been thinking of getting those nice men in the white  coats to come take me away.<br />Let me preface the rest of my commentary by  saying that I hardly EVER laugh at books. At most you'll get me to grin.  This is not the case with the wonderful, wonderful, Bridget Jones' Diary --  it actually made me laugh so hard that I had to put the book down for a  second to recompose myself.<br />It's that good. <br />Some reviews here say that  as you get to the end of the book, you want to throttle the main character  because she seems so hapless, but that wasn't the case for me. I've known  women like Bridget. Hell, I've BEEN Bridget from time to time.<br />And that's  why I think the book is so popular. Parts of the book will ring true to  almost every woman -- at some point, you've done some foolish act that only  a Bridget Jones is capable of.<br />It's Lucy Ricardo meets HBO's Sex in the  City. <br />Bridget Jones is everywoman. There's even a little Bridget Jones  in you.<br />Give this book a try. I will guarantee it will get a grin (at the  VERY least) out of you.<br />Then don't be greedy, pass it along to a friend  who could use a good laugh.<br />P.S. The sequel is even funnier! But you have  to read the first one to know the background for the second.
6305810109|5.0|This is a beautiful, endearing movie.  I just watched it last night and will be watching it again real soon.  This is a quiet, gentle story that leaves you thinking.  It's not preachy but it really stresses the  importance of family, forgiveness, and repentance.  Give the movie a  chance.  Don't stare at it too hard and try to look for deep meaning.  Just  let it flow over you like warm water.  Let it soothe and refresh you.<br />I  can't believe I am writing about a David Lynch film.  He once did a movie  about Lumberton, NC that was absolute garbage.  I never thought he could  capture small town life and the beauty of ordinary people.  In this film,  he has shown incredible sensitivity and progress.  I hope he comes back to  Lumberton and tries to make another film like the Straight Story.
B00001NFCY|5.0|With the rebirth of rock and the hopefull death of boy bands and these modern day lolita singers, Creed breathes a breath of fresh air which has not been smelled for a while.  With the Pumpkins over, Oasis on the outs,  and Pearl Jam seemingly declining in popularity, Creed has slowly taken the  riegns and with Human Clay I don't think they are going to let go any time  soon.  This is best album of the 90's and in 2000, this is as good as it  gets.  Rock here and pop is dead.
B0000033TE|5.0|Quick background--being somewhat of a neophyte prog fan, I had never heard anything by ELP before.  I received this album for a graduation present and have since been absolutely blown away.  Nowhere else have I heard  musicianship, creativity, or passion as exquisitely as on &quot;Brain Salad  Surgery.&quot;<br />&quot;Jerusalem,&quot; the opening track, is a beautiful  reworking of an old British hymn based on a poem by William Blake.  (For  those of you not familiar with it, it's the hymn that keeps reappearing in  Monty Python sketches.)  Not only is Lake's voice (sounds like he was a  choirboy back in the day) perfect for the song, the synth treatment  actually adds to the enjoyment of what is a very good song to begin  with.<br />&quot;Toccata&quot; is, in my opinion, the most challenging piece  on the album.  It's the kind of song that makes one wonder about what music  really is in the first place, because parts of it sure don't seem too  musical.  But whatever misgivings exist, Palmer's incredible drum synths  make up for them tenfold.  I had no idea the &quot;atmospheric&quot; noises  were made by drums until reading the liner notes.  I also believe that  Emerson's keyboard prowess is best highlighted on this track.<br />I'm  grouping &quot;Still...You Turn Me On&quot; and &quot;Benny the  Bouncer&quot; together because they're short, and  they also seem to be  together on the album to give the listener a break from the heavy-duty  virtuosity of &quot;Toccata&quot; before plunging him into the beautiful  soundscapes of &quot;Karn Evil 9.&quot;  &quot;Still&quot; is more like  radio fodder than good ol' fashioned prog, but it's highly polished,  terribly proficient radio fodder, and that guitar work of Lake's is just  beautiful.  The boom-boom piano and Cockney accent of &quot;Benny&quot;  make it (as an earlier review said) the British equivalent of &quot;Bad,  Bad Leroy Brown&quot;--only it's more fun to listen to, mostly because of  the instrumental.<br />&quot;Karn Evil 9&quot; almost deserves its own  separate reveiw.  I love the carnival/Karn Evil dichotomy and the skewering  of modern society present in the lyrics.  Little instrumental flourishes  abound in this piece, my favorite being the piano heard when Alexander's  Ragtime Band is mentioned.  I only have one gripe about &quot;Karn Evil  9,&quot; which is that I don't see the connection between a corrupt,  morally bankrupt society and a fight to destroy a supercomputer (a  supercomputer not mentioned anywhere earlier in the song).  But, on the  flip side, the lyrics make a hell of a lot more sense than anything Jon  Anderson wrote for Yes.<br />This album definitely makes my Top 5 of all time  list, and I encourage everyone to give it a listen.
6305910103|5.0|Star Trek II is a wonderful cinematic feature regardless of genre. The film tries to dig deeper into the characters lives than any other previous trek film or one since. The superb acting is really what makes this feature  stand out. The plot is cleverly crafted and the visual experience is truly  ahead of its time. We see how much the lives of these characters have  changed since the end of the tv series. Star Trek II brings together all of  the elements that are needed to supply a great film, not just a great  science fiction film. If you are a fan of the series, this film is truly a  treat! In comparison to the other films, this one stands alone, but also  Star Trek III makes a very nice companion.
0373834454|3.0|This is one of the earlier Heyer romances and, while it displays many hallmarks of her signature style -- the language, the references to current styles, the immersion in the period -- and begins delightfully, the parts  don't quite come together.  Lord Rule makes a charming hero but, in the  end, Horry is too childish to make a satisfying romantic heroine.  The  material -- young bride with improvident brother tries to salvage her  whirlwind marriage to an older man -- is handled more successfully in April  Lady.  A more satisfying child bride is Hero Wantage of Friday's Child (a  book which boasts one of the great opening scenes of all time, plus a  terrific screwball finale).  Read this one for the hero, not the heroine.
0380788624|5.0|I found this book to be very witty and to  have some really cute insights. I can't get into those without spoilers, but suffice it to say that as a computer scientist, I really felt like this book had been written with  people like me in mind, and it felt great!<br />I was kind of disappointed by  the ending, which I felt was rushed: &quot;uh-oh, 900 pages, better wrap it  up&quot;.  And there were a couple of plot holes or points of confusion for  me -- one of which you could drive a truck through.  But this  didn't  really reduce the enjoyment of reading the book, and I am recommending it  highly to my friends.
006100166X|5.0|The opening scene of Sherry trying to propose to the Toast of London is a grabber, and the story goes charging off from there.  Scorned and needing a wife to gain control of his finances, Sherry vows to marry the first woman  he meets.  That turns out to be Hero Wantage, the neglected poor relation  of his neighbors who tagged after him as a child and still gives him  devoted loyalty.  She is thrilled to be a London lady, although she hasn't  the least idea how to go about it.  Although this looks like a romance,  this is really the story of a young man learning to grow up.  Sherry is  essentially good-hearted but selfish; he doesn't want the responsibility of  looking after a wife.  This would be fine if he married a woman who was up  to snuff, but his Kitten is decidely not.  While Sherry's friends (a superb  collection of supporting characters) look out for her as best they can,  eventually it's time for Sherry to do the job himself.  The finale, with  various plot threads coming together with screwball abandon, is a triumph.
B000003BF1|5.0|Let's get the bad out of the way first.  Gimme Shelter, Midnight Rambler, and you can't always get what you want are the standard versions you hear on the radio. (THAT AIN&quot;T SO BAD IS IT)<br />BUT  Love in Vain is a great  Robert Johnson cover which is complented by the blues/country version of  Honky tonk Woman titled Country honk.(STONES PULL OFF COUNTRY SO  WELL)<br />Let it bleed is a classic such lyrics and sound that is unique only  to the Stones.  It may be there best song. The start of the song is pure  accoustic guitar and piano but it ends in electric slide.  Charlies drums  are so cool.<br />The other song that may be their best is on the record also  There are few riffs or drum sounds as expertly pulled off as the begining  of MONKEY MAN.<br />This has a wide range of sounds from pure blues to slide  guitar to cutting riffs.  It seems that noone could cover as much ground as  the Stones have.<br />Live with me has a driving Jazz sound which is cut up by  kieths riffs. So LET IT BLEED.<br />LONG LIVE CHARLIE WATTS!   LONG  LIVE KIETH!  MICK IS JUST THIER SINGER
B0000028M7|4.0|I'm surprised that with such excellent albums, Alice in Chains has never really gotten the recognition they deserved. I suppose part of this has to do with the fact that they are much heavier than a lot of the grunge bands  that were out at the time. It's true, they are heavier, but they are better  than most. &quot;Rooster&quot; is an expressive song about the Vietnam  experiences of guitarist Jerry Cantrell's uncle and really makes you think  about what all those soldiers had to deal with. &quot;Them Bones&quot;  starts it off and is one of their catchiest songs. &quot;Would?&quot; is an  interesting song about...I don't know. But it's very cool. In short, this  is one of the top albums of the grunge era and is much better than most of  the alternative stuff that is out today. Pick this up for a truly unique  experience.
B000003BF1|5.0|Let's get the bad out of the way first.  Gimme Shelter, Midnight Rambler, and you can't always get what you want are the standard versions you hear on the radio. (THAT AIN&quot;T SO BAD IS IT)<br />BUT  Love in Vain is a great  Robert Johnson cover which is complented by the blues/country version of  Honky tonk Woman titled Country honk.(STONES PULL OFF COUNTRY SO  WELL)<br />Let it bleed is a classic such lyrics and sound that is unique only  to the Stones.  It may be there best song. The start of the song is pure  accoustic guitar and piano but it ends in electric slide.  Charlies drums  are so cool.<br />The other song that may be their best is on the record also  There are few riffs or drum sounds as expertly pulled off as the begining  of MONKEY MAN.<br />This has a wide range of sounds from pure blues to slide  guitar to cutting riffs.  It seems that noone could cover as much ground as  the Stones have.<br />Live with me has a driving Jazz sound which is cut up by  kieths riffs. So LET IT BLEED.<br />LONG LIVE CHARLIE WATTS!   LONG  LIVE KIETH!  MICK IS JUST THIER SINGER
B000002UR7|4.0|The first time someone listens to this one, they may think &quot;too much guitar.&quot; That's because radiohead is known for their innovative use (and blend) of electronic sound and guitar. On this debut album, there is  less in the way of electronic stuff, but it doesn't matter. This album  stands up well against anything they've done. &quot;Creep&quot; is the most  famous song on here and deservedly so. There are two versions of it on the  album; the one with swearing and a clean, radio version. &quot;You&quot; is  another excellent song on this one and I feel is one of the better songs  they've ever made. And &quot;Anyone Can Play Guitar&quot; is another  stand-out. Compared to a lot of the alternative albums out at the time,  this one beats out most of them and is still a great album today. A fine  addition to any collector of the genre!
B00003CXC7|5.0|Grace Kelly and a lame (broken leg) James Stewart are a couple in love who through the rear window of Stewarts apartment see what they may think is a murder.  <br />The film is a tale of voyerism and parinoia.  While the murder  is being investaged by the rear window detectives a number of small  interrlated storys are seen in the other apartment facing the rear window.   Hitchcock udnerstood how to create suspence not by hiding things but  exposing things and then letting his characters react.  <br />Kelly and  Stewart are wonderful and only rivaled by a supporing cast of nonames who  are always great in Hitchcock films
B000002TQV|4.0|What I mean by my title is that this is the album that really got these guys noticed. It is somber in parts and energetic in parts. Thom Yorke's singing is the first thing that people notice on a radiohead album. It  seems to be soft, and it is, but there are also some songs where he shows  that he has a very powerful voice. He uses a lot of falsetto, but he is  very capable of screaming with the best of them. This album also has one of  the best song/video tracks I've ever seen; &quot;Just.&quot; The song  itself is one of their most famous (and best) and features one of the most  interesting videos ever shown on television. If you haven't seen it, try  requesting it on MTV or Muchmusic. It is a song that can make you an  instant fan. This is a very strong album overall and is one of the best,  and most interesting, alternative albums of the 90's.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill has a great voice and a very creative mind. No matter what kind of music you like, rap, jazz, soul, R&amp;B, or classical, you will love this CD. I can garuntee it will be on your list of favorites, come on,  even my mom likes it, and she usualy doesn't like the stuff I do. (She  hates rap)Juat as a note,  BUY THE CD!
B0000241WA|4.0|A heavenly collaboration of ex-byrd Gene Clark and Carla Olson. They collaborated very well. Duo accoustic guitars + accoustic bass and percussions... very clear and pure... and only listen to 3 songs the record  is worthing its price... 1. Gypsy Rider, 2. Fair and Tender Ladies, 3.Every  Angel in Heaven. SO durable, I never felt bored even I listened and  listened to these three songs again and again. Other songs are less  durable, though, but also of high standard. Don't be dragged by the poor CD  cover... buy it.
0451160916|5.0|I just finished this book for the second time and oh my god, I forgot just how good this book was. I read it for the first time about 5 years ago and I guess I just blocked out how frightened this book made me. On top of all  the horror, King just weaves us a fantastic story with characters we can  all relate to on one level or another (whether we admit it or not). If you  liked this movie, read this to see just how good the story really really  is. WOW.... just wow
B000000W9Z|5.0|From the first time I played this CD, until the most recent playing, I have not changed my opinion -- its excellent.<br />The blend of Bowie, Eno, and the wonderful piano work (geez, I forget his name but he played that  piece on Aladdin Sane) is everything a Bowie fan could dream for.<br />Every  once in awhile Bowie transcends - this is one of those times. (So were Low,  Heroes, Scary Monsters, Tin Machine, Ziggy, Hunky Dory, Lodger, and  possibly Earthling)
B00003W8NM|5.0|It was going to happen eventually, a movie that lived up to the book so well. I still have a hard time beliving that this movie didn't make millions at the box office, then I have to remind myself that unlike most  of the stuff coming out of hollywood, this movie isn't wrapped up in a nice  little package for the cookie cutter mavie watchers out there. The book,  the movie, and now the DVD, everything with &quot;Fight Club&quot; attached  to it has been astounding so far. This DVD blew my mind. I would buy a DVD  player just for this 2 disk set. The packaging along was worth my 20 bucks.  The booklet has positive AND negative reviews of the movie! Genius. And the  extras, oh my god the extras. There's so much here you could edit it into  another whole movie. Cut scenes, commercials, trailers, special effects  shots, behnd the scenes... There's to much there... This is the DVD that  everything else will be measured against... If you dont own it, quite  honestly there's something wrong with you.
B00001QGPR|1.0|I've been a fan for 25 years. I had a ticket to his Roseland cocnert, but I wasn't motivated to make the 5 hour trip. Today I listened again to Outside. Bowie, when he's good is so very good! When he's mundane, as on  Hours, its passe to the max.
B000021Y77|5.0|This is why I love DVD. When I watch a foreign movie, I do not, repeat, DO NOT, want to hear a dubbed soundtrack, which is what I usually end up getting stuck with. I dont have a problem reading subtitles and want the  chance to watch the movie in the way I want to. That being said, WOW, Run  Lola Run does a great job at pleasing everyone. It has tons of audio  tracks, so whether you want German or English Dolby 5.1, German or English  2.0, or a commentary, this DVD has you covered. Great thinking guys, you  made a fantastic movie even better by giving fans what they want. I only  wish more studios put as much thought into their DVD releases. Run Lola Run  is a great movie, plain and simple. If you're afrad to watch it cause it's  a foreign movie, don't bother. If you're passing on it cause it's not an  american film you'll probably miss the point anyway
B00004NHCC|5.0|One of Sarah &quot;Sassy&quot; Vaughan's best recordings, this 1955 offering featured Vaughan with a stellar group of musicians, including the ill-fated Clifford Brown (Brown was killed in a car wreck in 1956) on  trumpet and Herbie Mann on flute with the spirit of bebop strong  throughout. Unlike her final years where her singing, especially in  concert, could get a little overdramatic, Vaughan here keeps her  embellishments to an minimum and is content to let good songs speak for  themselves. Her haunting interpretation of &quot;September Song&quot; is  certainly a definitive version, and &quot;April In Paris,&quot; a song that  has been in the repertoire of instrumentalists and singers for decades is  given a deeply moving reading. Mann and drummer Roy Haynes give Vaughan  marvelous support on George Shearing's &quot;Lullaby of Birdland,&quot;  which I think is better than Ella Fitzgerald's classic 1954 version.  &quot;Sarah Vaughan With Clifford Brown&quot; is an excellent introduction  for anyone wishing to hear one of jazz's greatest singers in her prime.
B00002Z88D|1.0|I first listened to this album with some expectation of it being good.  I was let down.  Metallica's songs don't mesh very well with the orchestration, probably because the songs weren't composed with an  orchestra in mind.  Maybe if Metallica wrote some songs and arranged them  musically with James, Lars, Kirk, Jason, and Michael Kamen (who conducted  the orchestra here), we would get some songs that actually fit with  orchestration.  With the exception of &quot;No Leaf Clover,&quot; the  orchestrations sound arbitrary.  <br />The idea of a rock band playing with an  orchestra isn't terribly original, and I admire Metallica's effort to  create something different from today's mainstreme music, but this &quot;S  &amp; M&quot; just doesn't succeed musically.
B00004U45G|4.0|Who would have expected this gem to come out?<br />Apparently, Jimmy Page was sick and tired of waiting around for Robert Plant to make up his mind when to work again.  The seeds of this union came last summer when Page and the  Crowes did a charity gig in London.  From there, the boys did a 6 date tour  in the fall, and the shows from the Greek were recorded and were deemed so  good that they had to be released.<br />Those intimately familiar with the  Zeppelin catalog will be delighted to hear &quot;Ten Years Gone&quot; in  all its harmonized guitar glory thanks to Page, Rich Robinson and Audley  Freed.  Obscure songs like &quot;Sick Again&quot; and &quot;Out on the  Tiles&quot; are crushing and pounding.  Chris Robinson handles Plant's  vocal duties with gusto, putting his own imprint on the songs rather than  to mimic Percy. His harp wailing on &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine&quot; is  excellent.<br />Peter Green's &quot;Oh Well&quot; and blues cuts like  &quot;Sloppy Drunk&quot; and &quot;Woke Up This Morning&quot; are where the  boys really shine because this is where Page and the Crowes find common  ground, loosen up and let it rip.  Jimmy is in fine form, sloppy  occasionally but inspired and clearly delighted with his mates.  The Crowes  do the Zeppelin material very convincingly. This is no surprise since the  Robinson brothers frequently list &quot;Physical Graffiti&quot; and  &quot;Presence&quot; as two of their favorite albums.<br />The one  disappointment is that no Crowes songs are included due to contractual  issues with their record label.  It would have been nice to hear Page throw  down some country licks on &quot;Wiser Time&quot;, but no such luck.  But  that is a minor complaint.  Zeppelin fans have been complaining about the  lack of live Zeppelin for twenty years, and although this collection is not  the ideal solution to that problem, it certainly gets the blood pressure  rising a bit.  This is a raw, bluesy, in-your-face performance with an edge  and you should buy it right now.
630522577X|5.0|After years of watching my old pan and scan CBS/Fox tape from 1986, the DVD was a breath of fresh air.  The picture quality is pristine and the the Dolby Digital 5.1 sound is very clear.  <br />The extras are nice, including a  commentary by film restorers Robert Harris and James Katz, Marnie Nixon (I  think that's her name), who was the singing voice of Audrey Hepburn, and  someone else whose name escapes me.  It's pretty a pretty informative  track, and particularly interesting to me because I like this film  restoration stuff.  There are also trailers for &quot;My Fair Lady&quot;  and a few other movies, a featurette obviously made in the 60s,  &quot;Wouldn't it be Loverly&quot; and &quot;Show Me&quot; with Audrey  Hepburn's Voice, and some other extras.  <br />Oh, and the film is great too  :-) This is one of those movies you either like alot or you hate.  I liked  it.  It's based on George Bernard Shaw's play &quot;Pygmalion,&quot; which  is also the basis of &quot;She's All That.&quot;  It's wonderful to see  Eliza's transformation from a flower vendor with a cockney accent to  someone who could pass for a princess.  Although this film is long, it is  very entertaining.  <br />The film is good and the extras really give you bang  for your buck.  Recommended.
B00003XACV|5.0|I saw this movie with my friend, and she and I both play instruments.  We both ran out to get the score as fast as possible, and were not dissappointed.  The CD has amazing tracks that help you concentrate, or  just take you somewhere else.  For any personality, this CD could fit  anyone, in any different way.
6303481345|5.0|This is one of the best animes out there in my opinion. I have seen it no less than 30 times and never gott tire of it.i am 15 an lived in thailand(bangkok) for 7 yrs. i now livein schenectanady.
6303481345|5.0|This is one of the best animes out there in my opinion. I have seen it no less than 30 times and never gott tire of it.i am 15 an lived in thailand(bangkok) for 7 yrs. i now livein schenectanady.
B000002NHN|5.0|I have to admit, I haven't been a fan for that long...mabey a year or so but in that time I have gained a deep appreciation for Loreena's music.  This is a great cd to add to your collection or a great one to start with  if you haven't purchased any of her works before.  My personal fav is  &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot; but all the songs on this album deserve a  listen.  The music is so mystical it can take you to another world.  It's  great album to relax and unwind to after a long day!  Enjoy!
0451191153|5.0|As time passes I see myself disagree with the philosophy of Ayn Rand more and more, yet her work has challenged me to think and question my own philosphy of life.  I am not a hard core objectivist and I am actually a  little amazed at how far hard-core objectivist go especial in their  challenge of modern physics and quantum mechanics.  But this book is a  great book is worth  examination  and questioning.  <br />The Fountainheads  characters are really amazing and interesting.  <br />Howard Roark the  protagonist is a talented college drop out who struggles to become an  architect. He refuses to design anything other than to his own design and  will not be influenced by the whims of cleints or fads in design.  His  buildings are prefect in the book and Roark will pay out of his own pocket  to fix his mistake in design.  And he would rather see a building of his  design destroyed than corrupted.  Roark is driven by solving problems of  design not by fame or fortune.<br />He is contrasted by Peter Keating who  unlike Roark  always caves in to be popular opinon by catering to the whims  of clients and critics. While Roark is almost uneffected by people, Keating  is totally dependent on others for his ideas, dreams and sense of self.   <br />Dominique Frankon is Roarks lover who wants to see him destroyed and  tries to destroy him herself.  For she is tortured by the fact that everone  gives in and compromises themselves.  She tries to destroy Roark because  see believes that he can not hold out forever against the world and she  would rather see him destroyed than live a subservient life.  <br />Gail Wylan  is Roarks best friend.  Wylan is a newspaper owner who is a tyrant over his  empire.  He tries at first to control Roark and fails which is what starts  there friendship. Wyland is forced to choose between public opinion and  Roark in a court case.  Wylan must choose bewteen power or intergity.   <br />Toohey is the devil in the form of a critic.  He praises thosewho will  give into society and attacks those who will show independence and  integrety in their work.  He wants to destroy indiviualism and replace it  with a dull mediocracy.  He wants to control mens minds by making them  dependent on his evaluation of the world.  He is facinated by Roark while  Roark has little fasinatition with him.  Toohey knows that he must at all  cost destroy Roark.<br />As I have said Rand will make you think.  But  challenge her ideas in your own mind.  THE PASSION OF AYN RAND by Barbera  Branden is an excellent biography for those who love or hate Ayn Rands  views.
B000001Y5J|5.0|Let me put it to you simply, if you were in love with Pretty Hate Machine, you're not gonna get anything of the like here. If you loved The Downward Spiral, this makes that seem like a day in the park. That's why I love this  album so much!<br />I won't go as far as to say it's the angriest NIN album,  Fixed takes that place, but it's pretty darned heavy. It starts out pretty  subdued, but you can tell it's going to be a far cry from PHM.  &quot;Wish&quot; and &quot;Last&quot; are the farthest cries from PHM, very  guitar heavy, and more resembling heavy metal than anything else.  &quot;Help Me I Am In Hell&quot; is an interestingly placed interlude, I  say this because it allows the introduction into &quot;Happiness in  Slavery&quot; to scare the living crap out of you. &quot;Happiness in  Slavery&quot; is probably the last song I got into on this album, but the  one that I absolutely love today. &quot;Gave Up&quot; is a little more  subdued than HIS, but still angrier than all hell.<br />There are 2 bonus  tracks which are good, but not really worth reviewing. I'd say that this,  along with Fixed, are about as harsh as you'll ever get out of NIN.
B00003CXAR|5.0|This one started it all. There would be no &quot;summer blockbuster&quot; if it were not for this marvel. Speilberg managed to put an intense fear of the ocean in the entire population, i still have a twinge of fear walking  into the breakers.<br />The shark effects are brilliant. The anticipation that  builds up before you can even see the shark turns into amazement when you  get your first glimpse. The film crew did a fantastic job on  &quot;Bruce&quot; the mechanical shark (unlike Jaws 2, 3 and 4). I would  have loved to see what speilberg could do with this movie using todays  advancements in computer generated technology. <br />This movie still  terrifies, even 25 years after its release. Ben Gardner's head popping out  of the hull of his boat still gets me to this day. Little Alex Kitners  death at the beach is as disturbing as ever. Jaws has everything from top  to bottom. It is truly a great movie.
0783235607|5.0|Well, what makes Psycho so special among the other horror movies is the sheer intensity and psychological tension there is loaded. Anthony Perkins does the role of his life, as we are waiting horrified whenever this  lunatic and nervous timebomb will explode. You don't see many movies which  manage to keep the strong tension and horror throughout the film.  Particularry impressive scenes are conducted around the psychological  issues, and the scenes where you see the house from down the hill -  spooky!  the one and only among INTELLIGENT horror movies!
B00003CXA6|5.0|Buffalo Hood's lines as he lies in a soup of blood after the repulse at the Devil's Den rings in my mind, along with many other well-delivered and written lines.  This movie was the reason I got interested in the Civil War, period.  I've since read all the Shaara books and am now trying to get  through Shelby Foote's massive tomes.  Why watch this movie?  Great script,  great cast, great music.  It's not about maps and tactics, it's about why  50+K men died in a single battle and how they faced it.
B00001NFCY|4.0|This Album was well constructed, Well reheased and Well Done, I Love it!. But my question to Amazon is, Why didn't you let us here their two best songs on this album on Audio? Higher?  With Arms Wide Open?
6305903182|5.0|Great final (?) movie in the Scream trilogy.  I thought it was a great movie and Parker Posey was GREAT comic relief.  Even the choice of killer was AWSOME!  The DVD contains out-takes, commentary track and an alternate  ending.<br />One note, the back of the DVD states &quot;...Sidney and other  Greensboro survivors are once again drawn into an insidious game of horror  movie mayhem!&quot;  I'm not sure if Sidney survived Greensboro as she was  actually from WOODSBORO!  It actually says &quot;Greensboro&quot; twice.  Darn that spell checker! :).
6305903182|5.0|THERE ARE NO SPOLIERS IN THIS REVIEW! <br />There's really only one word to describe Scream 3 and that is &quot;wow&quot;!  I was one of the first to see this movie in Ireland.  I was already a fan of the first two.  Contrary  to what most people say I think Scream 2 was better than the first chapter.   I knew this one would be even better--and it was without a doubt for MANY  reasons.  Firstly, Ehren Kruger wrote the screenplay.  I remember seeing  Arlington Road and saying to myself &quot;God, if Kevin was to drop off  writing duties on Scream 3 then this is the man to take over&quot; and I  have to say the Weinstein Brothers couldn't have made a better choice.   Kevin Williamson is my favorite screenwriter (Tarantino second and Kruger  third) but I don't think that even Kevin Williamson would have brought the  originality to this final chpater like Ehren did.  The whole style of the  movie was different yet familiar and in that way it allows the audience to  remember it's watching a Scream movie without saying &quot;Hey, I've seen  that before.&quot;  The whole voice distortion thing was ingenious and the  opening scene was the best ever!  OH MY GOD.  Who would have guessed?  And  it was sooooo suspenseful and well done that my jaw was on the cinema  floor.  Everything is either scary, thrilling, controverisl or funny all  the way down to the inevitable blood-sluiced-slide down to the unmasking.   As Ehren Kruger said himself--it is a little like Scooby Doo (but in the  fun way).  The cinematography was top-notch (great colors, framing and of  course those famous hint-hints to the audience where the camera favors a  certain character and immediatley makes him/her a suspect.)  The DP Peter  Deming and Editor Patrick Lussier worked well together and I think their  work is fantastic, especially on this film.  The pacing was well-maintained  (another Kruger touch which is evident in his films) and keeps you guessing  about the identity of the killers until the very end.  And it's NOT just  one of those He/She/They-takes-of-the-mask-and-gives-any-ol' motive.  The  ending not only relates to Scream 3 but also to the first movie.  When the  killer(s) is/are finally revealed you say to yourself &quot;Wow.  That's  smart.&quot;  Craven, Kruger, Maddelena, Williamson and Co. couldn't have  done a better job.  The score is frightening to say the least and the  characters are well cast and developed and are very very very very funny  especially Jennifer's character (Parker Posey) and Tyson Fox (Deon  Richmond) and Jennifer's bodyguard Steven Stone manages to raise a FEW  healthy laughs every time he pops up on screen.  Patrick Dempsey's  character Detective Mark Kincaid (cool name) is superb as the detective who  takes over the Stab 3 case and the chemistry that takes place between  Campbell and him is electric (especially in a scene in his office where he  talks to Sidney about her mother and both their lives).  Kincaid's partner  J. Wallace is like a light version of Chandler Bing who is relaxed as hell  and so sarcastic he's funny.  Liev Schreiber (I love this man) is a welcome  addition to the cast, returning as Cotton Weary, the man who was once  framed for the murder of Maureen Prescott (Sidney's mother) in Scream but  was later exonerated.  Cotton is now the host of the country's &quot;No. 1  nationally syndicated talk-show&quot; and has a beautiful girlfriend  Christine (Kelly Rutherford from Melrose Place) who is never quiet sure  whether she can trust Cotton or not.  Parker Posey is hilarious as the  actress Jennifer Jolie who portrays Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox Arquette)  in STAB 3.  And Dewey Riley (David Arquette) returns as the technical  advisor on the set of STAB 3 and also happens to be Jennifer's boyfriend  which Gale is not so happy about.  This love triangle gives rise to some  hilarious and unforgettable movie moments.  Jenny Mc Carthy is also great  (for a change) as Sarah Darling, who's just an actress in STAB3.  Sarah's  scenes are like a story on its own.  It's like a look into an actresses  life in Hollywood and how they're typecast immediately.  Luckily for  McCarthy, she was able to break free of being typecast and shows that she  can in fact act.  Emily Mortimer is great as Angelina Tyler, the  &quot;young, sweet, ingenue&quot; who plays Sidney in STAB 3 and Matthew  Keeslar is fantastic as Tom Prinze, the actor who plays Dewey as is Scott  Foley's character Roman Bridger (I'll probably change my name to this) as  the director of Stab 3: Return To Woodsboro who is paranoid about his film  being &quot;killed&quot; and his neurosis about it is funny too.  When the  characters who play other characters in Stab 3 meet up the result is  instantaneously hilarious.  This also provides extra space for Kruger to  point the finger of suspicion at EVERY character (this is not an  understatement).  But don't be fooled by the well-meaning demeanor of most  characters.  You need to look beyond the facade of most characters to see  the truth (Kruger is a master of this).  Oh, I almost forgot, the cameos.   Randy Meeks, who died in Scream 2 is back.  How?  His sister Martha  (Heather Matarazzo) brings Sidney, Gale and Dewey a video of Randy  explaining the rules of the trilogy which he made before he died.  All will  be revealed when you watch the movie.  It's NOT predictable either--far  from it.  I loved the ending especially.  I don't want to say much about  the killer(s) motives so I'll move onto the last sequence in the movie  which was so well done that I'm jealous of Craven's talent.  If you don't  BUY this film then you're simply a fool.  Yes, a FOOL--because this is  without a doubt not only the best horror film of all time but is a worthy  entry into any film fan's Top Ten...or even Top Five Best Movies Of All  Time.  I saw it 8 times in the cinema and have it ordered from Amazon.com  on DVD and will receive it next week (great service) and you can bet your  bottom dollar (or pound in my case) that I will be waiting to attack the  postman before he hops off his bike.  Can't wait to see it again..and  again..and again...and again and I'm not crazy by the way.
B000002H4Q|5.0|In my opinion, this is one of The Cure's most perfect albums, along with Disintegration. It has a wonderful mix of every emotion possible. There is anger, pity, jealousy, love, hate, wonder &amp; awe, loneliness etc. Really  there is, go through the songs and you can pick them out! Its not as dark  as &quot;Pornography&quot;, and not as happy or light as &quot;Wild Mood  Swings&quot;. Its kind of like &quot;The Head on The Door&quot;, but..its  not really, thats why its great. If you were to buy a Cure album, this  should definitly be in the top picks. Its the kind of album that should be  in everyone's cd collection, fan or not. It can be enjoyed by both.
B000002V07|2.0|There seems to be a lot of glowing reviews for this CD.  I guess maybe I just don't get it.  I bought this CD (used, thank goodness) because I really like the song &quot;Fade into You&quot;, always have.  I know I  shouldn't have expected the rest of the album to sound the same, but I  confess, I did expect it to at least sound similar.  I have tried time and  time again to listen to this CD in its entirety, but I just can't.  The  only time it makes it off the shelf is when I want to hear the one song.  I  think it's the fact that she just seems to talk through the music. <br />I  almost feel guilty slamming the CD.  A lot of people really seem to get it.   I gave it two stars because of &quot;Fade into You&quot;, if I hadn't  liked that song I probably would have given it one, or better yet, not  reviewed it at all.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Significant Other is definitely an awesome CD, mainly because it just rips it all up with it's screaming vocals by Fred Durst and it's roaring guitars.  It also features some rap, like on  &quot;Just Like This,&quot; or &quot;N 2 Gether Now,&quot; featuring Method Man, but i didn't really  like the rap songs.  I think the best tracks on this album are  &quot;Nookie&quot; and &quot;Break Stuff,&quot; were Fred just yells about  how much life sucks and how he gets used by people.  &quot;Break  Stuff&quot; is so awesome because it just lets you let out all your anger  in less than three minutes.  There are also tracks like &quot;Re-Arranged&quot;  and &quot;Don't Go Off Wandering,&quot; about Fred and his failed  relationships with cold, heartless woman.  But the Outro is really funny,  starting off with the &quot;Bald Man&quot; cussing for a couple minutes  about how much he hates pop music and about how great Limp Bizkit is, yada  yada yada.  Then it's followed by Fred Durst closing the album out with  some crazy little solo that's too weird to explain.  In the end, this is a  great CD, dispite a couple crappy rap songs scattered throughout.  But  &quot;Nookie&quot; and &quot;Break Stuff&quot; are still the best.
6305878323|5.0|Disney`s best effort with Snow-White, Fantasia, Dumbo, Pinocchio and  Cinderella.<br />This was the last good original musical(unless 1  counts  Elvis Presley`s vehicles, but hardly any good) from Hollywood.<br />With The  Wizard Of Oz, Mary Poppins is the most magical film ever produced with just  as hummable tunes as &quot;Wizard&quot;.<br />Indeed, &quot;a Mary  Poppins&quot; has become a household word meaning you`re prim and  proper.<br />Julie Andrews is a true star and no one has ever been able 2  replace her persona. She IS one of a kind. U really DID deserve that Oscar  for Best Actress, Julie. She was also nominated for The Sound of Music and  Victor/Victoria.<br />A MUST-SEE if u haven`t had the pleasure...
B00003CX5A|3.0|<br />I saw the trailer for this movie and it went straight to the top of my must-see list. But in the theatre I was very disappointed. This movie has A+ actors, direction, atmosphere, setting, effects... everything... except  a C- plot. There were so many breathtaking scenes that I couldn't even list  them. Depp is great as the somewhat naive constable and the Horseman is  awesome. It's definitely an entertaining movie and it has a lot of  strengths... but the overall plot and the ending are very weak. <br /><br />A few  side notes, the movie borrows very little from the Washington Irving short  story. They underuse Christina Ricci (okay, I'm biased, being a  20-something guy) and her character is really not explored at all, which is  a shame because she is really one of the best 2 or 3 actresses under 30.  And the headless horseman is played by the same guy who played Darth Maul,  Ray Park.<br /><br />I would recommend this movie for its good points. But I  can't give a movie with such a horrible absence of plot as many as 4 stars  (no matter how amazing every other aspect of the movie is).
B00003CXCS|5.0|THE SOUND OF MUSIC is 1 one those few films that stands the test of time. It is simply the very best musical produced in the 20th century. And Julie  Andrews? A gift from the heavens. Enough said.
B00004THAY|5.0|Excellent, a real turn on.  Separately, these guys are the best, together they are superb!   Flawless and exciting performances of heart- pounding Blues.  Wow.
B000002TQV|5.0|Just when you turn on The Bends and the CD's spinning you think &quot;Hmmm ... is this song going to end?&quot; And then number seven (&quot;Just&quot;) and number eight (&quot;My Iron Lung&quot;) come on and  you think: &quot;Wow! Now THAT is cool!&quot; At least that's what I  thought when I popped in my new CD! No, most of the songs on The Bends  don't add up to some of the songs on Pablo Honey (including the  ever-so-emotional &quot;Creep&quot;), but Radiohead's frontman Thom York  does it again with his fantastic (and almost humorous) lyrics and extreme  vocals! As far as the pause in &quot;Just&quot; and the electric guitars in  &quot;My Iron Lung&quot; goes, Radiohead is back in my list of favorite  bands ... and there they will stay.
B000002AZZ|5.0|Leonard Cohen is a superb, brilliant &amp; crafty  lyricist. He is truly an all time great. You can't say that about too many people. Leonard Cohen's work is stunning &amp; hauntingly pleasent to listen to.
B00000ILBK|5.0|This DVD gets better every time I watch it.  The special effects, stunning visual artistry, immortal soundtrack (thank God for blessing this earth with Jerry Goldsmith!), fantastic story and career-topping acting by the  entire cast all work together to form one cohesive, totally immersive  entertaining ride.  In my mind this film ranks first and foremost of the  movie series.  Jonathan Frakes has proved himself to be a natural-born  talent as a director.  The transfer to DVD is fantastic.  Even in my humble  home theater setup it looks better than any showing I ever saw in the  theater.  Unbelievable!  Unforgettable!
B00003CWRX|5.0|4 years after the fact, I sat down to watch &quot;The Insider&quot; halfway expecting to see a small part of my life be mangled by Hollywood. Instead, Michael Mann (director of Heat most recently) deftly creates an  intreguing story out of what could easily have been a dry subject. While  there are definite departures from the reality of the situations (I was a  freshman at the high school Jeffrey Wigand taught at when the story broke  and I CERTAINLY would have recalled Russell Crowe running about Manual's  halls :), Mann uses the story of Wigand the tobacco whistleblower who  stands up to big tobacco in the name of science and morality and the TV  producer who will do anything to get it to the public (Al Pacino) to raise  serious questions about the meaning of loyalty, honesty and the idea of a  modern hero. Crowe turns a powerful performance as the flawed but  well-meaning Wigand and Pacino is searing as 60 Minutes producer Lowell  Bergmann. Also notable is Christopher Plummer's dead-accurate portrayal of  TV legend Mike &quot;try Mr.&quot; Wallace. And as to the location? It's as  genuine as the local Smith's Furniture ad in the background of one scene.
B00004TH6O|4.0|I have listened to Rated R repeatedly just hoping I could learn to love it as much as the first one.  But, I'm left with mixed feelings about this album.  Most of the album I just can't get enough of. It's a very good  album. The band is very experimental in nature.  That is one of the things  that makes this band great.  But, I think there's just a little too much of  that on this album.  Sure, it's interesting the first time but it quickly  turns monotonous and irritating.  Half of the album is excellent and  definitely worth buying.  That's not my major gripe though.  If you are a  stoner rock fan or a Kyuss fan, you may find a major flaw in the album - it  doesn't rock.  It has it's moments, but if you compare this to Kyuss,  Unida, or the first QOTSA, it sounds like stoner pop.
0800128052|5.0|I am currently using this video in a Christian Teen (ages 14-19) Leadership Training Course I have written. Why? This video is an excellent demonstration of courage, persistence, vision,and goal setting. It also  demonstrates to young people that dreams can become reality if accompanied  by hard work and devotion. It shows them an important message of goal  setting and how persistence (inspite of suffering and disappointment along  the way) can help them achieve life long goals. We need to expose our youth  to these very important concepts. Especially in a world which offers many  false hopes.This Video inspires me each time I view it.
0440219078|5.0|A friend recomended this book to me.  At first i wasn't very interested, but when i started reading it i found myself not able to put the book down.  When i finished this book i told all of my friends about it and to read it right away.  I even told my communication arts teacher about it and next  year the class will be reading it.  This book makes you stop and think  about what the future will be like. Read this book and i can guarantee that  you will fall in love with it!
B000023X9W|3.0|...then this album is the sequel to &quot;Comes a Time&quot;. Like that album, this one is filled with well-played well-written but not particularly memorable music. Maybe some of it will grow on me as time goes  on the way stuff from &quot;Comes a Time&quot; did, but Young doesn't  usually work that way with me. His stuff, be it the pastoral Neil or the  &quot;grunge senior&quot; Neil, grabs me at first listen. None of this  material does, unfortunately. Plus, this album breaks a string of hourlong  albums at its vinyl LP length of about 40 minutes. Could that mean his  creative well is running dry? I sure hope not--I've spent half my life  convincing people that this dude with the whiny voice and mediocre guitar  playing is really a superlative musician. I'd like to keep on doing so.
B00003CX6P|5.0|Matt Damon's flawlessly crafted performance slowly seduced me as a viewer, pulling me deeper and deeper into Tom Ripley's world!  This Harvard educated actor has been underrated and &quot;cheese-balled&quot; by far too  many jealous detractors and critics.  He gives us world-class acting of the  highest caliber here!  His technical range, having just seen Dogma (another  MUST OWN DVD), is remarkable.  Mr. Damon has chosen his projects well and  has surpassed most other veteran actors in honing his craft to polished  perfection!  While disturbing and macabre in places, this movie plays with  the viewer's notions of poverty, privilege, and decency.  We root for Tom  Ripley while at the same time we deplore his behavior.<br />This in-depth  character study, given by the talented Mr. Damon, is his finest work thus  far and sure to be a modern classic!  The supporting cast is superb!  The  cinematography is seamless and flowing!  The storyline is deeply complex,  disturbing just the right dullards in our society!
0800137884|3.0|Yes, this movie is, in its overdrawn ways, as melodramatic as they come. Everyone's character is overplayed to make them that much more interesting, but this is for the purpose that the original story would never have  carried its own weight at the box office or with numerous critics. Mina is  breathy and doe-eyed, which is not much of a stretch for Winona Ryder, who  seems to be more akin to period pieces than any other genre she's  attempted. Lucy is flagrantly sexual and mischievious, a spunky job done by  a film ingenue named Sadie Frost. Harker is square and stony as they come,  not much of a stretch for Keanu Reeves who can't act much anyway. Van  Helsing is stark-raving mad, a shameful interpretation by Anthony Hopkins.  Thank God the queen of England gave him some dignity back when she chose to  knight him five years later. Finally, Dracula is the dark mystique with an  ugly past and countless years of self-loathing and damnation, not to  mention acting selfish and overly emotional. You can count on Gary Oldman  to deliver such silly gag-me-with-a-spoon lines as &quot;oceans of time to  find you&quot; with plausibility and gusto. He's also trained in the fine  art of European accents, having sported a Romanian one here and a Soviet  tongue in &quot;Air Force One&quot;. Yes, this recreation of the literary  classic is exactly what Bram Stoker himself envisioned...NOT! Francis Ford  Coppola has murdered the intrigue and mystery that follows the tale of a  disturbed soul who thrives off the blood of the living and is ever in  search of redemption for his purloined love.<br />It may sound like I'm  ripping on the whole movie, but really I'm only ripping on the acting. As  far as art direction and overall adaptation goes, our eccentric and  somewhat tepid Irish author would've been proud. A lot of dialogue and  diary entries are pulled directly from the novel and the costumes, set  design, and camera work are excellent and well in tune to the film's pace.  Coppola does the artistic macabre with taste, but I question his direction  towards the actor's performances. I can give him no credit there, for I  think the film was miserably casted except for Oldman. There's no question  about it that no one else could've played him the same way. I applaud this  performance and the enchanting environment, but I can't give credit for  anything else. I wouldn't recommend this film either except if all other  deliciously scary rentals on Halloween night mysteriously disappeared from  the shelves. If you want a really good vampire flick with excellent actors  and a smooth adaptation that even the author was skeptical about, watch  &quot;Interview With The Vampire&quot;. You'll appreciate everything it has  to offer, including its pretty faces...la does the artistic macabre with taste, but I question his direction  towards the actor's performances. I can give him no credit there, for I  think the film was miserably casted except for Oldman. There's no question  about it that no one else could've played him the same way. I applaud this  performance and the enchanting environment, but I can't give credit for  anything else. I wouldn't recommend this film either except if all other  deliciously scary rentals on Halloween night mysteriously disappeared from  the shelves. If you want a really good vampire flick with excellent actors  and a smooth adaptation that even the author was skeptical about, watch  &quot;Interview With The Vampire&quot;. You'll appreciate everything it has  to offer, including its pretty faces...
B00004T8RK|4.0|I will admit it. I download a few MP3 from this CD before it came out. I was a bit disappointed of what I heard. However, I made the choice to buy the CD cause I am a die-hard Pearl Jam fan. My decision to buy this CD was  a good one. I thouroughly enjoyed the CD and songs that haven't been played  on the radio. A few good songs are &quot;Evacuation&quot; (which is my  favorite), &quot;Breakerfall&quot; , &quot;Rival&quot; and  &quot;Insignificane.&quot; It is not quite as heavy as other albums, but  still Pearl Jam and Eddie Veder are showing their true talent and ability  to different styles of music. Definately purchase this album, and catch a  show too.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I have to admit that the first time I saw the video for &quot;Smooth,&quot; the first thing I thought was, &quot;What the hell is Santana doing on MTV?&quot;  That's still kind of my reaction to  &quot;Supernatural.&quot;<br />This album, far from showcasing the talent of  the legendary Carlos Santana, instead showcases the marketing talents of  Clive Davis, who undoubtedly sat in an office and said, &quot;Carlos, baby,  I got a plan.  Let's get all the big rock acts, all the ones the kids like,  like that guy from Matchbox 20 and Dave Matthews and that Lauryn Hill girl,  and have them write songs for you that they'll sing and you'll play on.   Name recognition, baby, it's all about name recognition.  We'll get all the  grown-ups because of your name, and the kids will buy it and maybe go back  and buy stuff from your old catalog.&quot;  <br />Brilliant, Clive.   Absolutely brilliant.  And it worked, too.  Carlos is being hailed as a  genius, albeit twenty-five years too late.  The album's selling like  gangbusters.  And now Carlos has two number-one singles.  Who'da thunk  it?<br />The album consists of mediocre alterna-pop and weak R&amp;B tunes  enlivened only by Carlos' distinctive guitar work, which actually is kept  to a minimum here.  And it took me about two months to recognize the intro  to &quot;Smooth&quot; and not wonder why the local pop station had suddenly  taken it into their heads to play Dio's &quot;Rainbow In The Dark&quot;  (the two intros sound unnervingly alike).  If the kids who listen to this  do go back and get some of Carlos' older stuff, the album's purpose will  indeed have been served.  Until then . . .
B00000JCB2|4.0|Signifigant Other is a much better cd than that of 3 Dollar Bill Yall. Limp Bizkit shows their talent with a variety of different songs from &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;Re-Arranged&quot;, &quot;Break Stuff&quot;,  &quot;N2Gether Now&quot; and &quot;Just Like This.&quot; I dont think there  is a song I didn't enjoy. Limp Bizkit plays to the appeal of rebelling  youth in America with their hard hitting beats and lyrics. Even though it  is not the greatest Hard Metal CD, it is one that is definately worth a  listen.
6304711875|2.0|* * 1/2 actually. Well, let's start off by saying that I'm a big fan of horror movies and Scream looked like it might be good. I saw it when it came out on video. The beginning was promising (I have to admit-it made me  jump a couple times). But the movie goes on a downward spiral around the  middle of the movie. The killing scenes aren't creative . . . and those  scenes are almost the same each time! It got pretty annoying hearing that  dumb phone ring every two minutes. Another thing is that this movie is  entirely predictable. I knew who the killers where, I knew who was going to  die and who was going to live, I knew when the killer was going to show up!  Another stupid thing that brung down the movie, was the killer's motive at  the end. It's horrible! Couldn't they think of a better motive, come on!  Well, there are some good parts in the movie. The character development was  okay, the killer's costume was great, and the music that played went well  with the movie. I have to say that Scream is worth seeing, but it really  isn't that great of a movie.
B00000IIXH|5.0|Let's face it:  five CD's of outtakes and b-sides (the Tracks box set) is a bit much for all but us hard-core Bruce fans.  18 Tracks, on the other hand, is a more bite-sized near masterpiece.  With a couple of exceptions  (I'd name Seaside Bar Song and Trouble River as the two) the songs all  work, and some of them rank with Bruce's best.  The Promise is manna from  heaven; My Love Will Not Let You Down was a highlight of the 1999-2000  tour, and Where the Bands Are has become my 5 year old's favorite Bruce  song.  Worth buying for even the casual Springsteen fan.  Hardcore fans  have to have it.
6305358567|2.0|&quot;Elizabeth&quot; is an example of how movie directors, insensitive to true historical drama, will spend lavishly to create needless fiction.  The reviewer wishes the lavish sums spent on this film could have been diverted  to the much more satisfactory BBC Production of &quot;Elizabet R.&quot;   But then, that's Hollywood.   Perhaps the costuming deserves some mention  although portraying Norfolk as &quot;leather man&quot; is a bit much.  One  also wishes that Joseph Finnes could find a seamstress who can sew on top  shirt buttons, a problem also apparent in &quot;Shakespeare in Love.&quot;   But then maybe some feel &quot;grungy&quot; is sexy, who knows. The  performances are fair on the part of the principals, but in the opening  scene--burning of the heretics--one wishes Bsp. Gardiner would charge the  convicted with &quot;gross over-acting&quot; in addition to heresy; but,  alas, he would be equally guilty.    The gratuitous violence and sex is a  sheer pander to modern puriency, not historical accuracy.  There is every  reason to believe Elizabeth was, in fact, a virgin.  There is no evidence  for Walsinghsham's homosexuality.  He was, in fact, like Burghley, a devout  Puritan and Calvinist, who  would have winced at the impication. As a  professor of Renaissance History, allow me to point out but a few of the  glaring historical inaccuracies. 1.  Sets:  Elizabeths and all the Tudors  prefered Hampton Court--a true light, wainscoted marvel, not the dingy  gothic conglomerations more like a cathedral shown here. 2.  Elizabeth was  not shocked to hear of Leicester's marriage to Amy Robsart.  Why should she  be?  She had attended the wedding. 3. There is no evidence that Walsingham  beded or assasinated Mary of Guise, the regent. 4. Burgley remained in the  service of Elizabeth until his death.  He was always her favorite advisor,  and even took his son, Robert Cecil (the future Lord Salisbury) into her  service on Burghleys death.  He was never dismissed. 5.Leicester, Robert  Dudley, remained the queen's favorite until his death.  he was given  command of the army in the lowlands and entrusted with the defense of the  realm in the years of the Great Armada, 1588.  He died in that year,  totally in her favor.  There was never any suspicion of treason on his  part. 6.  Bsp. Gardiner would hardly have called the queen a &quot;heretic  bastard&quot; in public.  To do so was treason.  The good bishop was too  much a politician to be that stupid. 7.  Mendoza, the Spanish ambassador  (dressed in what looks like a parody on a torreador suit) never was killed  or assasinated.  he left for Spain, denouncing Elizabeth and encouraged the  later Armada. I could go on..but what's the point.  Americans care little  for history...just schmalz, violence, and sex, and overacting.  This movie  has plenty of the later.  But as a classic or as history..it is pure  Trash!
076780046X|5.0|I decided to rent this movie knowing nothing about it. I loved it sooo much I watched it 5 days in a row. It's even my boyfriends favorite movie now. If you liked Return To Me, You've Got Mail or Runaway Bride you will  fall in love with this one. It is funny and romantic. A five star movie for  anyone!
B000023X9W|4.0|This CD was envisioned as a solo acoustic project at its inception three years ago. The final version (version 3.0 I might add) features a band but retains a quietness that showcases a relaxed and seemingly content Neil  Young. The song sequence of &quot;Silver and Gold&quot; is geared for a  record, you know vinyl, LPs? The first four songs are gentle musings on  life, love and time past. The understated start is reminiscent of Young's  1978 release &quot;Comes a Time.&quot; The &quot;B-side &quot; of the CD  starts with &quot;The Great Divide&quot; and immediately changes the timbre  and intensity of the album. In the last five songs Young's voice seems to  demand more attention. In classic Young fashion the CD closes with a curve  ball in the moody &quot;Without Rings.&quot; Young sings in a flat and  somber style that brings out the dark overtones of the song perfectly.
B000009DUY|5.0|Although the music from 'Saving Private Ryan' evokes the tension and horror of the movie, it is at the same time somewhat calming.  I'm not entirely sure how John Williams accomplished this, but the result is a  score that is stirring yet not startling.  The theme 'Hymn to the Fallen',  the first and last tracks on the CD, is truly a musical masterpiece, with a  gorgeous horn section that starts off very softly and slowly builds until  it surrounds the listener with harmony.  The rest of the album is equally  beautiful.  If you're not already a John Williams fan, this CD will make  you one.
B000002UR7|4.0|So many people have bought this album after hearing Ok Computer and dismissed it as mediochre and derivative that they've forgotten what exactly  this album is: a collection of 12 excellent songs. If somebody  like 3rd Eye Blind or Matchbox 20 released and album like this, people  would be calling them the greatest thing to come along since Beethoven.  However, this is Radiohead, the band responsible for one of the greatest  masterpieces of the nineties, and all Pablo Honey offers is 12 excellent  tunes, and this album would have recieved a lot more attention if not for  The Bends and Ok Computer.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams tops the decade off with what I think is his best work in the last 10 years. <br />From &quot;Dual Of The Fates&quot; &quot;The Frag Parade&quot; to &quot;The Droid March.&quot; Its all some of John Williams'  best work.  Many people don't know that the cd is missing *alot* of  important cues. Most notably the music when Anakin leaves home and Qui Gon  Jinn's theme.<br />To the people who don't believe this is as good as the past  Star Wars scores. Decide after you hear the rest of the fanstatic missing  music. I'm sure your opinion will change.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD is an awesome CD!  If you like punk music, then this is the CD for you.  Here is a review of the songs<br />Dumpweed-A cool song with nice guitar playing and awesome lyrics<br />Don't Leave Me-This is actually Mark's  favorite song<br />Aliens Exist-This song has a nice beat to it and the lyrics  are cool<br />Going Away to College-The beat is great and the guitars are  awesome<br />Well, I'm too lazy to write the rest of the songs but here is a  list of my favorites on the CD: Dumpweed, Don't Leave Me, Aliens Exist,  Going Away To College, What's My Age Again?, Dysentary Gary, Adam's Song,  All The Small Things, Party Song, Mutt, Wendy Clear, and Anthem<br />Buy this  CD! Its definally worth it!  Remember, THINK BLINK :)
0385480334|5.0|Anne Frank !  ... a name that always brings a Sigh from the deepest part of my heart...a name that makes me think of angels , the fraility of human emotions &amp; the steel that is the human spirit...unbreakable!A  name that makes me want to hang my head in shame for being a part of the  human race that could perpetrate such cruelty...!  This book  is the recorded emotions of a little girl struggling to maintain a balance  betwixt despair &amp; the fear of death &amp; her love of life...but as u  read thru' her deepest fears &amp; loves written for her eyes only ,it is  often hard to believe that these writings originated from a 13-15 year old  heart because they have the insights of a mature soul!  I was  deeply saddened by the entry where she records her desire to live on after  her death thru' her writings later on in life &amp; her wish to publish a  book on their life in hiding titled 'The Secret Annexe'...saddened because  her wishes came true in such a twisted way ...I highly recommend this book  because though it leaves you with an ache deep down ,it also leaves u with  a belief in the human spirit &amp; a joy of having known {even if  indirectly} a person like Anne Frank...a soul to admire ... Hers was a life  snuffed out too soon...&amp; oh! So cruelly...
B00000DBXL|5.0|I have all of the Cake cd's and they are pretty good, but this one pushes Cake over the top. It has great lyrics and music. Every track is different unlike most of the music coming out lately. I love it, you can listen to it  over and over and it never gets dull. There are fast songs and softer  songs. It's just great.
0783225903|5.0|Brazil is a scary, scary vision of the modern world (Perhaps most scary is  that most of the reviews here seem to think that it takes place in the  &quot;near future.&quot; The movie clearly states its temporal setting to  be &quot;Somewhere in the 20th Century,&quot; and Gilliam has claimed that  the look of the movie was meant to be as if the entire century had been  compressed into a single moment. That we do not recognize the frightening  elements in our current world is quite telling.) The visuals, some amazing  lines, and the wonderfully ambiguous ending (not to mention the  Sam-as-Jesus theme) combine to make this movie a modern classic. See it.  See it again. Discuss it. Fight your own samurais.
B000002KMV|5.0|I just can't say enough great things about Prince.  A musical prodigy. Genius. A voice so beautiful and what a range.  Well, Controversy did just that, in causing some:  From the high-heels, to the leg warmers, to the  tights, people were trippin.  Lyrics like, &quot;Am I black or white, am I  straight or gay?&quot; raised some eyebrows.  Jabs were taken at religion  (&quot;Annie Christian&quot;) and politics (&quot;Ronnie, Talk To  Russia&quot;).  Prince is like a diamond with many facets.  Mazy, toying  with our emotions and imaginations, while having a ball and laying down  some funky phat grooves that will blow your mind!<br />My favorites are:   &quot;Controversy&quot; (One of the greats)/&quot;Sexuality&quot;  (Slammin')/&quot;Do Me, Baby&quot; (Sexy, erotic, blissful)/&quot;Private  Joy&quot; (Sublime)/&quot;Let's Work&quot; (Stinky funk bass thumpin'  velocity)/&quot;Jack U Off&quot; (Go out with a bang!)
B000007SPU|3.0|I may be the lone voice of dissent on this page, but I must say, I have owned all three This Mortal Coil compilations for some time, and of the three, &quot;Filigree and Shadow&quot; is the weakest. It's not bad. But  unlike the raw beauty of the &quot;It'll End in Tears&quot; tracks (which  is mostly a Cocteau Twins/Dead Can Dance concoction - 4AD chief Ivo  Watts-Russell hadn't yet a roster large enough by then!) and the epic sweep  of &quot;Blood&quot; (which has a couple of guitar-laden clunkers but is  otherwise packed with dark and soaring emotional stunners), this album has  a more ambient feel, and thus lacks much personality or punch. I've  listened to it several times and most of it just feels samey to me. It's  good, but as a listening experience, the album is strictly a flat  landscape, with few peaks or valleys.<br />Obviously many people here feel  differently. But to those who may have been curious about This Mortal Coil,  but aren't sure which CD to get first, I highly, highly recommend you start  your journey with &quot;Blood.&quot; Then rush out and get &quot;It'll End  in Tears.&quot; Heck, get them both at the same time.
B000002IM7|5.0|Given the above-mentioned title in my review, I am sure a number of you are thinking I was smoking some non tobacco product when writing this review.<br />I was not, this was in reference to a book called  &quot;Musichound's guide to rock recordings&quot; where they gave this cd a  &quot;woof&quot; rating; meaning they considered it not only to be the  worst King's X cd, but one of the worst rock records ever.<br />What ever they  were smoking, I do not want any. <br />In my opinion Kings' X have never been  able to top this recording in terms of overall songwriting, musicianship  and originality -professional harmonies never heard to a degree in heavy  metal before and christian positivity wiithout any sermon attached to the  lyrics - that made this cd a landmark recording when relased in  1988.<br />Only the production was not up to the quality of their next  releases, thus making me give this a 9/10 rating instead of 10/10 and  consequently, 0/10 to Musichound
0783226888|3.0|Well, Richard Gere, Bruce Willis, and a really younger looking Sidney Poitier, are ready to keep you interested in their character acting in this film about The Jackal who is the greatest hit man in the world.  The Jackal is supposed to hit a top American Official.  Poitier is the FBI guy out to stop him by enlisting the aid of Willis, an IRA terrorist by getting him out of jail when he agrees to help.  There is a girl Willis knew who is supposed to be the only one who knows what the Jackal even looks like and might know where he is. A Russian lady agent is now helping us in this fillm, until she herself is shot, joing many others. (The FBI keeps getting information from somewhere about the Jackal's movement.) The girl who knew the Jackal was also previously involved with both Willis and Gere, thickening the plot.  The thing is, you keep aiming to find out who, what and how some people know things and the plot is quite choppy. (The DVD version is great because in a special section, it explains many of these questions, unknowlingly, I hope:they are on the cutting room floor).  The firepower is the thing. Cannon-like guns and pistols and blood and a lot of dead people keep the fire hot. It sure saves a lot of writing. I guess that is what they think we want. Still, it keeps you watching. You kind of know who is going to get shot. You just want to know how and when.  The chase scene in the D.C. Metro, shooting and jumping between the trains is fun to watch.  It's hard not to want to keep watching a movie with Gere, Willis and Poitier. But once is enough.
052594527X|5.0|I (literally) did not set this book down once I opened the cover.  The mystery of Vermeer, the strangeness of his household, Griet -- capped and uncapped -- I could hardly wait to know what would happen next.  One of the  most engaging, memorable books I've read in a very long time.
B00000JGOH|4.0|Purists who turn up their noses at Shakespeare in Love are truly missing  something. This was, after all, written by Tom Stoppard, author of some of  the very best plays of modern times (Arcadia, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern  are Dead - the latter filmed with Gary Oldman and Tim Roth. Plus the  Gilliam movie Brazil). He's done a splendid job of balancing accessibility  with genuine wit. The screenplay is littered with allusions to the bard's  works, and gives some great - albeit hypothetical - insights into how and  why he wrote. <br />This would be a great teaser for high school students  studying Shakespeare. It makes him (and his works) seem fun, human, and  relevant to today. And there are great quiz opportunities in spotting the  many references to the plays: twelfth night (the sequel commissioned by the  queen); Hamlet (studying the skull); Macbeth and others (ghost scene); more  on Romeo (&quot;a plague on both their houses&quot;).<br />Beyond that, in  true Shakespearean style, we are offered the &quot;play within the  play&quot; - in this case Romeo and Juliet. Excellent editing gives us just  enough to convey the mood of an Elizabethan performance, leaving us wanting  more. This film does a great job of broadening the appeal of the most  popular writer.<br />And don't miss the topical in-jokes - the  &quot;cabby&quot; rowing the boat, and especially Glenda Jackson saying she  knows what it's like to do a man's job (she plays &quot;M&quot; in the Bond  movies). Bill S. would have approved. High praise indeed.
6305903182|5.0|I didn't think that another sequal was needed but after seeing this my mind was quickly changed.This movie has all the elements expected in the series but this time with a great twist! If you enjoyed the original and  scream 2 you won't be disappointed.My only question is where is Scream 4,  lets not let this be the end.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I'll get this out of the way early: I've never read the book. <br />I'm also not going to give you my opinion of the film. Oh- who am I kidding? I like the film. But that's irrelevant. I'm here to talk about the disc. The DVD.  The candy.<br />In my opinion, this is the single finest disc produced to  date. This is the disc you buy to play for your friends to make them run  out and buy their own DVD players. Not only is the transfer perfect, not  only is the sound incredible, but it also has an amazing array of extra  features ranging from alternate takes and deleted scenes, to behind the  scenes peeks at the filming of individual sequences. And it is the  presentations of these that really make it stand out above the crowd.<br />For  instance, when you watch the alternate version of a confrontation between  Norton and his boss, you not only see the alternate version, but also get  to view the version in the film immediately afterwards, to place it into  context. And, if you like, you can listen to an optional commentary  explaining the context of the scene, why it was changed, and what they were  trying to accomplish. There are also just plain deleted scenes, in which  you get to see it book-ended by the scenes between which it was originally  sandwiched, again with the optional commentary explaining why it was cut.  And there are several of these scenes.<br />You can also watch the creation of  many effects sequences, following them from the drawing board to execution,  with alternate video and audio combinations: for instance, you can watch  the creation of the plane crash, with one of two video options, or watch  them split screen, with one of two audio options, or you can watch it in  any combination you like simply by pressing the &quot;audio&quot; and  &quot;angle&quot; buttons on your remote.<br />You can also watch the filming  of different scenes, with different audio options, as well as the video  option of watching director David Fincher scouting the scenes and  explaining to his crew what is going to be going on, or, again, watch it  all split screen if you choose, with different audio  combinations.<br />There's more. There's lots more. But do I need to still go  on? Have you not already clicked the &quot;buy&quot; button? What are you  waiting for?
B00004RF8J|5.0|I have both the re-released version and the one with the alternate ending,this movie is a great comedy with Steve Martin  as the demented dentist,the animatronic plant voiced by Levi Stubbs is great,Rick Moranis  again shows why he is sought after for other projects.The music adds to the  entertainment making this a great addition to any dvd library.
B00003CX5A|4.0|This movie was not a thing like the book, but I thought it was a good movie.  Tim Burton is a pretty good Director because he has a connection, he is weird and very smart.  I bought this for DVD  and they sometimes used  plaster heads and threw them, or used computer.  The blood was like Paint.
079213690X|3.0|Let's leave aside the inanity of Gibson playing William Wallace with a working-class Glaswegian accent, and admit that this film is an enjoyable saga, with some great action and military sequences.<br />What is wrong is the history and the politics behind the movie.<br />There are simply too many historical errors to recount, but they include:<br />1. The story of &quot;right of first night&quot; [droit de seigneur] which starts the story. No such right ever existed in the past. [See _The Lord's First Night: The Myth of the Droit De Cuissage_ by Alain Boureau.]<br />2. The homophobic depiction of the future Edward II, who was counted as most handsome and virile in sources of the time.<br />3. The impossible liaison between William Wallace and Isabella, who would have been about six at the time.<br />Even worse than the history is the way the movie plays into the pathetic anti-Englishness of Scottish Nationalism. We can all see that German Nationalism, Serbian Nationalism, Arab Nationalism and so forth are the products of small-minded individuals who want to invest meaning in some manufactured notion of &quot;nation&quot; in order to make up for their own perosal inferiorities. Why on eart can we not see that Nationalism has exactly the same delusionary and violent characteristics in Scotland, or indeed any other invented &quot;nation.&quot;
0061053147|5.0|Any fan of Blade Runner who wants to know the whole story should check  this book out. Beware though, because it doesn't hold anything back and  gets down to the tiniest detail (which in a way can spoil the way you view  the film in the future).
B00004SCX6|1.0|Although some of the songs on her CD are okay...they all sound a lot alike. The tunes are about the same and the lyrics aren't very mature. It really wasn't as good as I thought. If you are a wild Britney Spears fan  then go ahead and buy it, but if you're buying it because you like  &quot;Oops!...I did it again&quot; I wouldn't reccommend you buy it 'cause  the rest of the songs are a big disappointment.
B000001GF9|4.0|Well, I've listened to many Berstein works in my time and have a few, but so what? That's nothing special, after all, of course he's one of the most known conductors that ever lived. It means absolutely nothing that I listen  to some of his work, well, not unless you consider what that work normally  consists of. <br />You see, my opinion is that some rule one field while  others rule quite a different one. I doubt I know many conductors that  could stand up to the choral masterpieces of Robert Shaw after all, it's a  field that he owned for his entire life. I just dont think you can disagree  that he had choral music running through him. However, pure symphonic works  is quite a different story alltogether. I can certainly tell you that when  it comes to symphonic works where there is no vocal music or the vocal  music is not the main star, you're better else looking for another  conductor than my state's most beloved Robert Shaw.<br />This same theory  applies to Leonard Bernstein who we can all agree had the symphonic angle  of music very well in hand. However, choral music? Let's face it, though he  doesnt do a bad job with choral music, he's not neccesarilly the best of  the best in the choral music category and far from it. All this being said,  I was more than a little skeptical in terms of getting a CD in which  Bernstein had to conduct a work of vocal not symphonic importance. Yet, I  bought it anyway.<br />You know what? I think I was on the mark with this one.  I've only heard two versions of this and the other one I was a little to  inconvenienced to actually know who the conductor or chorus was for that  matter. It was something I simply came by on t.v. and said &quot;Well, I  think I'll watch the performance of this, it looks allright&quot;. At that  time, I did not know it was the Mass in C minor until after I saw the  credits at the end of the performance. After that, I knew I needed to get a  recording of it (they didnt do a bad job by the way).<br/>Bernstein delivers  by not trying to treat this as something in which the symphony should shine  while the chorus and singers sort of occupy the background. It is treated  as it was intended to be treated, a choral work. Arleen Auger was accurate  with her performance and so was Frederica von Stade. Frank Lopardo and  Cornelius Hauptmann were also good though they obviously dont play a large  part in this work.<br />The famous &quot;Ave verum corpus&quot; is absolutely  beautiful without a shadow of a doubt. I enjoy it and wish I had bought  this recording when I my high school chorus was performing so that we could  hear how it actually sounds with strings and with style and not just piano  as we performed it.<br />&quot;Exsultate, jubilate&quot; holds special meaning  as it's famous Alleluia section was performed by me on several occasions  when I was a small boy and actually had a voice high enough to do that sort  of work. lol. To be honest though, I never heard it anything like this,  with all the rises and falls as our beautiful soprano performs it here.  <br />All in all, a great CD which I promise you that you wont be felt shorted  out of good cash for. Leonard Bernstein certainly caught me by complete  surprise, he was truly up to the task with this recording.
0385493800|4.0|Finally John Grisham put aside the formula which started with The Firm and has given us a different story.  The first Grisham novel I consider as more than filler between serious books since the re-release of A Time to Kill.   His books had gotten monotonous.  While this still reads like a screen play  at least its a fresh I dea from a writer who has given us the same story  over and over again.<br />Well done.  Three stars for the sry and one extra  for creativity.  Keep it up.
B00003CWQ2|4.0|What a great film!  It was totally not what I had expected, and the last 20 minutes of the film were simply amazing! This is by far Fincher's best work, ever better than seven, which was also a great film. Brad Pitt, who I  despise, was really great as Tyler Durden, and Helena Bonham Carter was  totally cool as Marla. Edward Norton, who made the poor &quot;American  History X&quot; film, truly redeems himself in a fantastic starring role.  The film also boasts a PHENOMENAL soundtrack by The Dust Brothers, and I  highly recommend that you pick it up if you liked the film. As for the  movie, it was quite entertaing, and not at all what i had expected. I was  surprised that there were very little fights. The plot truly carries the  movie, not the brief, and bloody fights. I think that fans of the movies  &quot;Roadhouse&quot;, and &quot;Lionheart&quot; will enjoy this, but be  aware that this film is ten times more complicated than those two put  together. Worthy of a second viewing.........
B000003BD3|4.0|I'm a fan of all involved in this dated but fun &quot;concert&quot; event. But the real show is the Who performing &quot;A Quick One&quot;. I can't blame Mick and the boys for not releasing this for awhile- they are made to  look like fools by the time the Who is done. Note: for a real test, see how  long you can last through &quot;Whole lotta Yoko&quot;.
B00003CWQ2|4.0|What a great film!  It was totally not what I had expected, and the last 20 minutes of the film were simply amazing! This is by far Fincher's best work, ever better than seven, which was also a great film. Brad Pitt, who I  despise, was really great as Tyler Durden, and Helena Bonham Carter was  totally cool as Marla. Edward Norton, who made the poor &quot;American  History X&quot; film, truly redeems himself in a fantastic starring role.  The film also boasts a PHENOMENAL soundtrack by The Dust Brothers, and I  highly recommend that you pick it up if you liked the film. As for the  movie, it was quite entertaing, and not at all what i had expected. I was  surprised that there were very little fights. The plot truly carries the  movie, not the brief, and bloody fights. I think that fans of the movies  &quot;Roadhouse&quot;, and &quot;Lionheart&quot; will enjoy this, but be  aware that this film is ten times more complicated than those two put  together. Worthy of a second viewing.........
B000002KIE|5.0|this is pure punk class. people who don't agree with me have obviously been led into thinking that sell-out groups such as blink 182 are punk. this is a classic album, and pleasing to the ears of even the younger  generation [such as me] who weren't around when the pistols were causing  mayhem. i recommend not buying any other pistols albums as they will be a  disappointment as compared to this.
B00003CWN3|4.0|Boys Don't Cry is one of the most intense and devastating movies I've seen in a long while.  The feelings of hope and longing, and their counterparts  - despair and disillusionment - that so often are part of a homosexual's  life are very well described.  As the story develops it becomes clear that  it will lead to an unhappy ending, but to which extent its ending will be  an unhappy one is hard to imagine till one gets to it.  Whether the movie  accurately reports what happened in real life or not, does not make its  fatal outcome any less tragic.  The acting in Boys Don't Cry is superb.  In fact, along with the plot, I find the acting to be one of the movie's  strongest and most valuable aspects: all actors and actresses in this film  deserve to be highly praised, but especially - I will admit - Hilary Swank.<br />However, Boys Don't Cry has its weak points as well: one of them is its  cinematography, which I found by no mean up to the movie's standards: the  visual language is, in my opinion, dull, and at times even ridiculous in  its mocking of modernistic techniques that simply clash in the otherwise  conventional context.  The soundtrack too could have been better planned.  That's why I decided to rate this film \\"four stars\\" and not a full five.  Overall, I guess, Boys Don't Cry was more concerned with content than with  form.  And when it comes to content, one most certainly has plenty think  about after watching this remarkable movie.<br />In the year of the World Gay  Pride, I wish Boys Don't Cry - or a film of the same caliber - had been  chosen as an emblem of  the psychological, social and material traumas  homosexuals are still confronted with in our society, in the year 2000.
B000002G26|5.0|Only a few musicians can be proficient in both a hard and softstyles and Bryan Adams is one of them.  First with the bad: excludedare Lonely Nights, One Night Love Affair Hearts on Fire and I Thought I Died and Gone to Heaven. Adding Only the Strong Survive and Home Again would have been nice to add.  Now back to the good!The album starts with his signature classic rock tune Summer of 69.Most of the other songs come from Reckless but Adams doesn't stop rockin! Can't Stop This Thing We Started and Cuts Like a Knife are two good live wire guitar songs. Adams also has a soft side: Please Forgive Me and Straight from the Heart.  This collection would not be complete without(Everything I Do) I Do It for You. That song does not follow any syrupy pop ballad formula! which is why it lasted as #1 in the pop charts for so long in 1991! After you listen to this song you might wonder if this is his signature song rather than Summer of 69.   After you listen to this greatest hits CD you can figure out why Bryan Adams is Canada's greatest male pop musician.
B00004T9UF|1.0|Emineum strikes again, but this may not be a good thing, On Eminems first album he shocked people with his style and songs about shrooms and killing an ex girlfriend, it was kinda cool. And now on this his new cd, i was  waiting for for weeks anticipating its realease, i poped it in and its the  same old crap only worse. you first hear over and over how you dont mess  with him because he will fing kill you over and over. who wants to hear  this. It has little interludes of him talking to record producers talking  about how bad this record is. and i think to myself wow what a waste of  space on an album, maybe he could have put a good song on here instead of  wasting this space with talking, and then later on you hear yet another  song about killing the same girl kim,,,ok enough this is stupid, its funny  at first but then its like hold on time to listen to some real music like  mettalica, this guys making money for this stuff dont be crazy enough to  spend your money on it please, if i can save one persons money i will be  happy. two songs are ok, stan the first one is about a crazy fan,and his  letters to him this is pretty good and shockig the next the real slim shady  ok overplayed dont want to hear it agin, stick with his first album.
0783117523|4.0|When I first saw the story of Gia's life on HBO, it was fascinating to me.  As a teenager in the mid-80s, the images of Gia that I can remember on Vogue were haunting.  They were the kind of images that make you want to  become bulimic so that you can have a face, figure, and life like Gia's.   Now, having seen the story of her life, it is instead further evidence that  beauty, fame, and fortune do not lead to happiness.  This was very much  like watching an expensive car involved a car accident--you are horrified,  intriuged, shocked, and sorry all at the same time.    This was a well  crafted and moving life story.
B00003CXAR|4.0|When I hear the words collector's edition, I expect the dvd to be packed with great stuff.  Jaws does have some great extra: a 12 question trivia game, deleted scenes, and a few outtakes; but I really wanted to hear  commentary.  This is one of the few faults I found, along with substandard  subtitles.  The movie is a classic, however, and worth every penny.
B00004U3UG|3.0|This is a must for all you Army of Darkness fans that weren't able to buy the double DVD collectors edition. The Director's Cut contains over ten minutes of deleted scenes as well as an alternative ending. These deleted  clips add depth to the film and explain more than the theatrical version.  However, most of the clips tend to be lengthy and unnecessary.<br />After  watching the director's cut I now see spots in the theatrical version that  weren't explained entirely. The windmill scene is the best example. With  the Director's Cut we can now understand why Ash's face is all of a sudden  covered with soot, and why he runs into the mirror, an event most don't  question that is poorly explained in the theatrical version. There is a lot  going on in the Director's Cut that was deleted, upon request by the  production company, to shorten the film. Just watch and you'll know what I  mean. <br />The biggest discretion I have against this version of Army Of  Darkness is the ending. It has absolutely no resolve. The theatrical  version shows Ash back in S-Mart battling the evils of the Necronomicon due  to his failure once again to repeat the words  &quot;Klatu-Verata-Nicto&quot;. This rounds off the film and on top is one  of the most humorous scenes. The Director's Cut ending also shows Ash's  failure to follow directions, but this time his miscounting the drops of a  potion is what changes his trip back to present time. Some of you die hard  Army Of Darkness fans will enjoy this ending, but newcomers I urge to buy  the theatrical version.<br />Over all the film is enjoyable and educational.  However, the ideas to cut down the film's length and to change the ending  were good requests. A lot of the deleted clips are unnecessary and only add  length. This is why the theatrical version is a better film, but to you  fanatics out there who want too see every second of deleted material the  Director's Cut is a must.
B000002572|5.0|Man, Boston (or should I say Tom) did something right when they wrote/recorded these songs.  EVERY song on this CD rocks, not one is bad.  From Tom's huuuuge guitar riffs (it sounds like 1000 guitarists are playing  those things) to Delp's amazing vocals, this CD will be one of your  favorites from the first time you hear it.  I also have to mention the  keyboard player (i don't know which one that is), but that is some awesome  keyboarding, esp. on Hitch A Ride and Smokin'.  This is my #3 rock album of  all time. Why? Not becuase they changed the face of rock n' roll forever,  not becuase Boston had a legendary career (I wouldn't even suggest buying  another Boston album), but becuase they took musical ideas that are already  out there and put em all together for some AWESOME CLASSIC ROCK!
B00000JCB2|1.0|This is like the worst cd with the exception of maybe nsync or kidrock.It was making me sick reading some good reviews on this cd.Most new music besides deftones and a couple of other bands sucks but limp bizkit is one  of the worst bands.The lyrics are terrible.You can tell just by reading the  song titles like nookie and break stuff.Its stupid.Limp bizkit and almost  every band thats popular now is just a total rippoff of rage(who have been  around since 91) Whatever happened to bands like nirvana and  soundgarden.Good bands that had good lyrics,guitar solos and actually  sang(not just rapped or screamed about meaningless crap) limp bizkit have  no talent or passion.They just play their music(if you want to call it  that) to get a lot of money so when some new fad comes along and no one  cares about them anymore they can still buy their expensive clothes.Why did  i give this one star?Because they wont let me give it negative numbers.
B000002G7E|5.0|Even if you hate White Light/White Heat, you can deny that it's easily one of the most influential rock albums of all times! The whole sound of the music is amazing, complete anti-peace and love stuff, anti-Beatles?  Maybe..I do hate most of Beatles pieces...<br />One of my fav albums of all  times! The first Velvet album is more complete, but White Light/White Heat  is more timeless. The raw of punk 10 years before the fact (before the  Stooges too and with a much more experimental and innovative music),  pre-Sonic Youth (mostly Sister era), but much more important : the sound of  a completly unique band that sound like today with not like any band of any  time! I Heard Her Call My Name got the most freaky guitar solo ever!  Thurston Moore is still trying to make that one (i'm also a big fan, let's  say he got near on The Diamond Sea of 1995). Sister Ray is like pure hell,  chaos. A very long and repetitive piece (17 minutes) that never give the  impression of being too long because of the amazing noise sequences and the  deep dark Lou Reed vocals. After that, industrial music, krautrock sound  like a bad rip-off of this piece. <br />To me, only Joy Division have captured  the spirit of this album and made something new with it. Closer of 1980 is  a MUST for Velvet fans.<br />One of the best albums of all times!
6305265488|5.0|This version of the classic Cinderella tale is very well done.  I love the attention to details of everyday life and a heroine who's wit and fire spark an impossible romance.  A feast for the eye and heart with a little  poetic justice thrown in for good measure.
B000002MP2|5.0|I got Nimrod before this album and didn't think it was all that great.  (Not that Nimrod's bad!)  Then my friend made me a tape of this album and I loved it and had to have the CD.  My favorite songs are are Basket Case and  When I Come Around, but it's great to listen to straight through.  If you  don't have any Green Day CD's, get this first.
B000002H7I|5.0|This sophmore release by Tracy Chapman proves that her firstalbum was no accident. If there was any doubt, this poet, lyricist,song writer, singer and guitar player is incredibly talented.  Her unique voice breathes life into one awesome song after another. Every song tells a story, whether it is a love story, a parable of the evils of material gain at the sacrifice of relationships or racial indifference.  These aren't &quot;preachy&quot; songs... and you can listen to them w/o even paying attention to the lyrics if you want... the sounds are soft enough to play in the background while you're at work, or rockin' enough so you can jack up the volume on your car stereo and sing along.  Tracy Chapman has a unique sound that really can't be compared to anything else you've heard before. A tremelo in her unique-sounding voice, the sounds of 6 and 12-string guitars, soft drums and an occaisional banjo makes this a little bit country, a lot of rock, a pinch of folk and just Tracy Chapman.
1573226521|5.0|Is there such a thing as honest fiction?  I didn't think so, until I read  Alex Garland's The Beach.  Garland takes the reader to a place where they  are alone, afraid and exhilirated at the same time.  With no boring moments  and a constant page-turning plot, Garland has managed to capture the truth  of reality through a fictional story line.  If you want to meet real  people, have real adventures, and read a very well-researched and  intelligent novel...then Alex Garland's The Beach should be your first  pick.  I'm hooked on Alex Garland and let's all hope that his pen never  runs out of ink. Readers beware because it's gonna be a wild ride!
B000002H5I|5.0|Is WOW a word you can use too much? I picked this CD up when Iheard &quot;Fast Car&quot; on &quot;Entertainment Tonight&quot; of allplaces. I was totally unprepared for this incredible CD.  The beat, the guitar and Tracy's powerful voice are catchy and unforgettable. Each song tells a vivid story you can see in your mind. &quot;Fast Car&quot; is more than just a great melody, but you can totally picture yourself escaping life by taking a drive with a loved one... forgetting the troubles of the day and just enjoying the experience... leaving emotional baggage behind where it belongs.  &quot;Across the Lines&quot; tells the story of how racial hatred is tearing this country apart one person at a time... &quot;Behind the Wall&quot; paints a vivid picture of domestic violence and what it was like before it was taken seriously as a crime.  Probably the most memorable song (for me, anyway) is &quot;Mountains O' Things&quot; which is a parable set to music concerning the way we enslave ourselves to material objects and obsession with what we think to be success.  If you like the deep meanings and sounds of 60's folk music, but with a rock back-beat and more sophisticated topics, this is more than just a treat. The lyrics are penetrating and profound... this is like a greatest hits CD and she just keeps coming out w/ more of them!
B00000BKDX|5.0|This is the quintessential metal live album that all others must base themselves upon. Ozzy's &quot;Tribute&quot;, Priest's &quot;Unleashed in the East&quot;, AC/DC's &quot;If You Want Blood..&quot; although great  albums in there own right, just don't measure up to the awesome ferocity  and timeless power of this 2-CD collection. Typical of mid-80's Maiden, the  band is tight, Dickinson's vocals are powerful and the production is  perfect. The recording is primarily from Maiden's sold out performances at  Long Beach Arena in 1985, but the inclusion of a partial set from a show at  Hammersmith Odeon in London with mostly &quot;older/classic&quot; tunes  brings this album to a mightier level. &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot;  live needs to be heard to be believed. Other highlights are &quot;The  Trooper&quot;, &quot;Hallowed Be Thy Name&quot; &amp; &quot;Rime of the  Ancient Mariner.&quot; Owning this album is seemingly a prerequisite to be  a Maiden fan.
B00000I07Q|4.0|Since the sound quality of all Bon Jovi's albulm is not good, you should buy this remastering CD even if you have already had a copy of old albulm. <br />Treble, bass, S/N and channel seperation are all enhanced and clear.  <br />Listening to the &quot;Bad medicine&quot; and Born to be my baby, and  you will see the power of Remastering.
B00004U45G|5.0|i grew up a big led zeppelin fan, but because of my age i missed led zeppelins hey day...so i enjoyyed them through thier albums,film{ &quot;the song remains the same} and books { hammer of the gods}, wondering what it  would be like to see them live. then in november of '99 i got my  chance...jimmy page and the black crows were to play the worcester centrum  centre...only 1 of 2 shows in america, the other in l.a. . the concert  lived up to all my expectations and more, it was almost a religiuos  experience...seeing jimmy page duck and move around the stage as he did in  &quot; the song remains the same&quot;.i as well as everyone else there  were completely blown away by the performance. chris robertson did more  than fill robert plants shoes..he brought new life to songs that i only  knew from studio tracks, and the rest of the black crows did every song its  justice..every time i listen to this cd set..i relive that night, in all  its glory. if you consider your self a led zeppelin fan..this is a  must...its more than a must its an absolute must..for eveyone else its a  must...this cd set proves real rock and roll is still king...and todays  bands and music better bow in its presence.
B00000I07R|4.0|Not origial Bon Jovi Rock Style !<br />Since the sound quality of all Bon Jovi's albulm is not good, you should buy this remastering CD even if you have already had a copy of old albulm. <br />Treble, bass, S/N and channel  seperation are all enhanced and clear.
044022165X|5.0|This was the very first John Grishim book I ever read - I was afraid that  coming from a lawyers point of view that the story would include too much  legalism and too little plot - That was not true of The Rainmaker.  Told in  the first person I related so well to the story of a new lawyer trying to  get a job that I finished the book in a matter of days (record time for  me).  Everyone who has been unemployed and gone thru the frustrations of  getting that ONE job will also be able to relate.  The movie was good the  book as always was better.
B000002G26|5.0|A Hits collection from Bryan. From here you can find the best songs ever sang by Bryan. Besides, the sound quality is also enhanced and remastered. A must have for all Bryan's fans.
B00003CWLE|5.0|Chow Yun-Fat has often been referred to as 'Hong Kong action star', and people have been surprised that he puts in such a great performance in a dramatic role in &quot;Anna and the King&quot;.<br />Let's get the record  straight: Drama is not new to Chow Yun-Fat. Chow Yun-Fat first came to fame  in Asia in the late '70s - early '80s starring in Hong Kong TV drama  series...long before he starred in John Woo's action movies. John Woo's  movies simply made him even more popular than he was before.<br />He is a  brilliant actor, capable of playing all roles, e.g. action, dramatic,  comedic etc. I have not seen him in a movie where he acted badly. Bad  scripts, yes. Bad acting, no.<br />His charm, the chemistry between him and  Jodie Foster, made the ending of the movie so memorable and so bitter  sweet.<br />Can't wait for the DVD version of the movie to be available.
B00000I07P|5.0|If you are a Bon Jovi fan, you should buy the Bon Jovi's best albulm. Since the sound quality of all Bon Jovi's albulm is not good, you should buy this remastering CD even if you have already had a copy of old albulm.  <br />Treble, bass, S/N and channel seperation are all enhanced and clear. A  must have !
0684872153|5.0|I bought Angela's Ashes when I was in Germany.  At that time, I was  desperate for a book, as I had finished the three I had brought from home.   I just read the first page or so in the bookstore to see if it looked good.   The unusual thing was, almost right away I had a feeling I would really  like this book.  Just the first paragraph drew me into the story.  Now I'm  on page 363, and there are 459 pages in the book.  This really is a great  book.  There are hardly any boring parts, and the way Frank tells the story  is extremly lively and entertaing.  I know, some parts are quite  depressing, to say the least, but are made worthwhile by the hilarious  descriptions of religious puzzlement and other questions Frank has.  I  really would not want to be in Frank's place, or really in the place of  anyone in his family.  Usually I can't stand autobiographies because most  of them bore me to death.  This memoir is very different.  I think it's  quite amazing how McCourt had memorized practically every instance of his  childhood.  One of my favorite parts is when Frank reads aloud his  compositon &quot;Jesus and the Weather.&quot;  This book describes a  country I see as distressed and miserable but also strangly sweet.
B000002GGU|5.0|Want original Bryan Adams's rock style ?  This is the one for you. Features two Super hit song - Heaven and summer of 69'. <br />Sound quality is average. If you want good sound quality, go for &quot;So far so good&quot;  which is remastered.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|Yes.  I bought this C.D. in France.  When I first listened to it I really only liked two songs, Affirmation and The Best Thing.  I always skipped over I knew I Loved You becaue I had heard it many times on the radio and  thought it quite sappy.  (Sorry, that's just my opinion.) Then, a few days  after I had bought it, I listened to Hold Me, and found it was a really  good song.  I also liked Crash and Burn very much and gained appriciation  for The Animal Song.  Now I like pretty much all the songs.  The only ones  I think are so-so are You Can Still Be Free, Two Beds and a Coffe Machine,  I Don't Know You Anymore, and I Knew I Loved You.  Now I'll do a song by  song review like everyone else seems to be doing.<br />Affirmation:  This song  is light and happy, and I like it.  I especially like the chorus.  Rather  creative and very upbeat.  Although I'm not sure it should also be the  title of the album, it is a good start-off song.<br />Hold Me:  I sort of have  this song stuck in my head right now.  But I really like it.  I like the  verses better than the chorus, starts and ends very well.<br />I Knew I Loved  You:  This is probably my least favorite song on the album.  It was okay  the first few times I heared it on the radio, but I got pretty sick of it  after a while.  I liked Truly, Madly, Deeply much better.<br />The Best Thing:   This song sounds really good right after I Knew I Loved You.  The verses  are fast paced and very energetic.  The chorus is my fav part though,  sounds refreshing and airy.<br />Crash and Burn:  The first time I heard this  song was on the radio when I was a bit miserable and feeling just plain  crummy.  I was pouting in my room and then this song came on, and I just  sat there listening in awe.  I was dissapointed when it was over and some  other loud obnoxious music came on.  I immideitly wanted to know what it  was called and who it was by.  It's still one of my favs.  A song like this  is rare, in my opinion.<br />Chained to You:  At first this song really  annoyed me but now I rather like it.  The verses are somewhat weak, but the  chorus is very catchy and has an excellent melody.<br />The Animal Song:  I  really like the drum beats at the beggining and the lyrics are fun. Can't  really complain about this one.<br />The Lover After Me:  Wow.  The beggining  to this song almost makes me cry.  I like the lyrics throughtout the whole  song, but for some reason the melody to the chorus seems like it's in the  wrong key or something.  I think the melody to the verses are wonderful  though.  Don't get me wrong, this is one of my many favorites on the  album.<br />Two Beds and a Coffe Machine:  Lots of people liked this one, and  I'm suprised I didn't.  This is usually the kind of song I like.  The  lyrics, yes, are quite inventive, but the melody seems to be lacking  something.  In a way it leaves me cold, but who knows, I might get to  really like it.<br />You Can Still Be Free:  The song begins with promise and  the lyrics are poetic, but it seems I'm always waiting for the climax.   Like Two Beds and a Coffe Machine, I might get to like this one as  well.<br />Gunning Down Romance:  This song is well written, I think.  It's  quite sad and a bit scary, I especially like the &quot;Take these broken  wings&quot; part.  I also like this song since it's so different from all  the other songs on the album.<br />I Don't Know You Anymore:  This is another  one of those songs that leaves me cold.  It ends well though.<br />I've  noticed that this album starts out quite happy and carefree and becomes  more meloncholy towards the end.  I wouldn't want it to end on a sappy,  fakey note, but perhaps not a such a sad song.  I think some of the songs  on this album deserve five stars and some two.  I reccomend it to people  who like both dancey, popish, catchy songs with a good beat, and who also  like thoughtful ballads.
6304696515|5.0|Dangerous Liaisons touches on an essential part of everyone's life, love.  A tale that has no time, the story unfolds among a blanket of love, lies, and deceit, revolving around the lust and cruelty in two hearts that  finally ends with dire consequences.
6305903182|5.0|WOW, this movie was great. I watched the DVD, and it was AWESOME. I have always loved the Scream series. This third installment was the best yet, in my opinion. The end was definitely a shock. Neve Campbell was as great in  this one as she was in the others. Courtney Cox, and David Arquette light  up the screen with their little freak show romance. THe dvd has many  features, such as an alternate ending, and music video, BIos, and 16 movie  trailers..all for Scream 3. This is a must for horror movie fans. I suggest  that everyone buy this movie. You won't be disapointed
0782008372|4.0|This is really a great movie and now that the DVD is selling so cheaply (I bought mine for 6.99) how can you possibly pass it up. The special effects aren't all that but the costumes and scenery are amazing, and the storyline  though not always the best explained in this movie (though well know to  watchers of the TV show and people interested in the mythos) is still very  intriguing and one of the most original sci-fi/fantasy stories in recent  history. Sean Connery's performance is really enough to justify purchasing  this movie despite the fact that he isn't in it for more than half an hour.  Christopher Lambert isn't bad though and the swordfighting is truly  incredible. I must admit maybe it's my old age but I'm starting to find the  Queen soundtrack a little cheesy and very 80's in its style, but if you can  overlook that I would definitely recommend this movie. However be  forewarned the DVD version isn't much better than the VHS version it  appears the transfer just wasn't done that well. The sound often has to be  turned up to hear background vocals. If you don't have this movie it is  still worth buying the DVD over the VHS if for no other reason for all the  extras you get, but if you already have it on VHS it's your call whether  it's worth buying again I probably wouldn't (though it has been extremely  cheap).
B000002MFN|5.0|Madonna's albums have consistently been of high quality.  Every track is excellent and there is a diversity of sound.  This album is no exeception.<br />My favorite track is &quot;Rain&quot;.  It is a beautifully  crafted song.  Madonna's singing ability is much underrated.  She delivers  this song masterfully.  &quot;Words&quot; and &quot;Bad Girl&quot; are also  beautifully packaged numbers.<br />Madonna is expected to deliver great dance  tracks as well as beautiful ballads on every album and she provides us with  plenty on this album.  My favorites are &quot;Deeper And Deeper&quot; and  &quot;Thief Of Hearts&quot;.
B00004STPT|5.0|When I first went to see the movie,I figured, &quot;Cool!  Fighter flick!  I'm gonna *LOVE* this music!&quot;  And I did!  Though not for the reasons I'd imagined... Haunting, sweet kaval melodies, more like a love scene from  Xena than a battle from Sparticus, drifted throughout emotional flashbacks.  Some of these tracks either made me want to melt or weep, they were *SO*  powerful! Though the music was hardly at all what I expected, let me tell  you, it *worked*!:):)
B00000I14Z|5.0|The first track says it all:  \\"Better get it into Your Soul.\\"  This is soul-stirring, head-thumping, body-shaking stuff.  Insistent, penetrating, simply inspired.  Hard to compare it to anything, really, although it has  elements of bebop, blues, gospel, and that crazy no-holds-barred spirit of  funk.  One of my top ten jazz cuts.<br />The famous \\"Goodbye Porkpie Hat,\\" a  tribute to Lester Young, is a quieter blues-based piece, centered around  soulfully played sax. Emotionally, it's both sad and affectionate.  \\"Boogie  Stop Shuffle\\" sounds like the soundtrack to some weird 60's spy movie  --with Mingus, expect the unexpected!  Excellent piano by Horace L. Parlan,  Jr. driven along by the lionesque Mingus on bass.  Self-portrait in \\"Three  Colors\\" and \\"Open Letter to Duke\\" feature brilliant Ellingtonian  arrangements and warm colors.  The latter piece has superb boppish  sax-riffs, settles into a richly colored niche, and then breaks into some  rhythmic and melodic audacity.<br />Mingus' brilliant, daring \\"Fables of  Faubus\\" retains its mocking tone, but is less political than the vocal  version on the magnificent \\"Live at Antibes.\\"  It's an interesting contrast  to his bold (courageous, even) attack on Governor Faubus in the live  version, and, again, shows Ellington's influence in its beautifully complex  arrangement.  \\"Pussy Cat Dues\\" and \\"Jelly Roll\\" deliver a New Orleans  laid-back sound.  On `Dues,' Mingus lays down some languid, monumental bass  effects.  It's thick luxurious sleaze, sliced through with the purity and  strength of the sax.<br />One of the best of the studio albums, although,  frankly, I like them all.  An innovator, an explorer, a trailblazer, he is  truly a genius.  You'll find more and more to appreciate with every  listening.  Most highly recommended to the Mingus fan as well as the most  hesitant newcomer
B000001C6D|5.0|There is a common feeling among PL fans that their fourth outing was by far their best, setting them apart from all the other bands with their uniquely gothic-metal sound. With the introduction of the prevalent  wah-pedal to McIntosh's lead, the extra crunchiness of Aedy's rhythm  guitar, and the less-gruff/more experimental aspect of Holmes' vocals, the  band perfected their dalliance with death-metal and gothic, blending the  two into a style which both rocks and holds an almost tangible atmosphere  throughout. At once dark and foreboding, moody and stirring, every song  shines and every song moves. Lyrically, musically, emotional and  spiritually, you won't ever find an album like this one.<br />'Icon' opens  with 'Ember's Fire', the song which defined gothic-metal the moment it was  first released, a driving intro and empowered verses breaking into a unique  and skilled guitar solo voted the greatest guitar solo of all time in  several magazine polls. Followed by 'Remembrance', another power-rock  number with an angry solo, they combine to hammer home from the start the  angle from which PL strikes. 'Forging Sympathy' and 'Joys of the Emptiness'  are slower, gloomier songs, their structures original and unpredictable.  These two songs, like all on this album, have lyrics which leave you in  doubt as to what exactly is the chorus, what is the bridge, what is the  verse; it is all equally catchy, and this melding of musical and vocal  hooks are what makes the album so special. 'Dying Freedom' and 'Widow' take  the speed up a level, pounding rhythm and dancing lead guitars making them  strikingly sombre yet surprisingly uplifting. 'Colossal Rains' is an  experimental song with distorted vocals making it a largely instrumental  track for the first half, before the vocals kick in proper with suitably  colossal, timeless lyrics. Rated as a full-on metal track, 'Weeping Words'  is undeniably moody, has a unique solo that uses a timed echo to great  effect, and ends with an experimental whistling wah outro. 'Poison' is the  heaviest track on the album, kicking in fast and hard and maintaining it  right up to the blistering guitar solo finish. Commonly rated the greatest  PL song, 'True Belief' is moving, dark and melodic, a palm-muted  guitar-driven verse cutting to an atmospheric, deep-throated chorus that is  all gothic. 'Shallow Seasons' is faster, heavier, livlier, a flanger guitar  giving it a timeless property that leads easily into 'Christendom'. This  track is the weakest on the album, using a female opera singer as it did on  the earlier album 'Gothic'; this time it does not work half so well.  Finally, the piano-fuelled instrumental 'Deus Miserateur' moves the album  to its close with grace and harmony.<br />For non-Paradise Lost fans, this is  probably quite a difficult album to get into due to the fact that it sounds  so unlike anything you will ever have heard before. Lyrically it is very  poetic and emotional, with unashamedly gothic lines like: 'Time is the  father in my corrupt mind' and 'My halo is fading with all the sin I deal'  alienating anyone who wants an easy-to-interpret quick lyrical fix. For a  mainstream rock fan, I'd recommend their 'Draconian Times' album to get a  taste of their style, but ultimately, this is the album you need. It may be  hard to get into but, once you have, it will stay number one in your  collection forever.
B00004THAY|1.0|How much 12-bar blues can one listen to before falling asleep.  The opener is good, but drink lots of coffee if you want to make it through the rest of the CD.
B000001OAA|4.0|Garbage's seminal self-titled debut is a fantastic and unique album. Tehcno rock crossovers have been tried many times by bands like Anthrax, Pitchshifter and The Prodigy, but none have done it nearly so well. The  synth loops devised by drummer Butch Vig add a stunning dynamic to the mix  of pounding bass, rocking guitars, and Manson's trademark dark vocals. It  is an album of rampant experimentation, every song sounding entirely unlike  the last, with hooks and sudden tempo changes, crashing guitars cutting to  silence and vice-versa. The semi-gothic lyrics fit as no others would,  creating something dark and obsessive and original, something perhaps  concealed by the fluffy pink feather album cover.<br />'Supervixen' starts the  album as it means to go on, a unique guitar loop intro of both heaviness  and style cutting to a soft, quiet verse then kicking in to a rocking  chorus. 'Queer' is almost the opposite, a slower, quiet two-thirds of moody  keyboards before it suddenly breaks into a loud and brash distorted guitar  outro. 'Only Happy When It Rains' has a driving bassline and a phenomenal  mid-song vocal loop and fuzz-keyboard final verse. The dark 'As Heaven is  Wide' employs a dance beat yet almost metal bass rhythm, and the techno  loops played over the top make it even darker rather than dancier. On 'Not  My Idea' the album first touches on the beauty of its music after the  in-your-face opening, pounding in with heavy guitars but then introducing a  musical, soaring lead guitar over the top and giving the most airy vocal  melody. 'Stroke of Luck' is a style of song on which Garbage really shine,  a haunting, atmospheric ballad which is so good it seems Garbage were made  for producing music like it. This leads into the exceptional 'Vow', a  fuzz-bass intro that bounces between the speakers leading into a heavy and  scathing song with a nasty yet sing-along chorus. 'Stupid Girl' was the  best-selling single, and though the most marketable song, it is the least  spectacular in terms of originality. The heavy, guitar and bass combatant  intro of 'Dog New Tricks' is a touch more rock than techno, but the perfect  set-up for the best song on the album, 'My Lover's Charms', heavy and moody  and as haunting as 'Stroke of Luck' with its descending lead lick and  quiet, dreamy bridge-section loop. 'Fix Me Now' seems to have had its  chorus stolen by Geri Halliwell for her single 'Lift Me Up', but aside from  that, it is a catchy number with bluesy guitars. Finally 'Milk' ends the  album with panpipe-sounding keyboards which are atmospheric and emotional.  It is a shame that the single for this song replaced the keyboards with  guitars, for the keyboards were the defining emotive feature of this  song.<br />This album represents a band finding their footing and playing with  all the things they think sound good, to great effect. This is a marvellous  album, an easy listen at any time whilst still a deep and dark collection  of songs for anybody wishing to probe the revenge, despair and  lust-inspired lyrics. It only fell short of five stars because of the lack  of balance it exudes; sometimes you just crave for more slow songs like  'Stroke of Luck' and 'Milk' to break up the clusters of bitter and  thrashing songs. That criticism aside, Garbage created on this album a  sound which set them up for greatness, but a frankly disappointing  follow-up leaves this as the best techno-rock crossover album on the  market.least  spectacular in terms of originality. The heavy, guitar and bass combatant  intro of 'Dog New Tricks' is a touch more rock than techno, but the perfect  set-up for the best song on the album, 'My Lover's Charms', heavy and moody  and as haunting as 'Stroke of Luck' with its descending lead lick and  quiet, dreamy bridge-section loop. 'Fix Me Now' seems to have had its  chorus stolen by Geri Halliwell for her single 'Lift Me Up', but aside from  that, it is a catchy number with bluesy guitars. Finally 'Milk' ends the  album with panpipe-sounding keyboards which are atmospheric and emotional.  It is a shame that the single for this song replaced the keyboards with  guitars, for the keyboards were the defining emotive feature of this  song.<br />This album represents a band finding their footing and playing with  all the things they think sound good, to great effect. This is a marvellous  album, an easy listen at any time whilst still a deep and dark collection  of songs for anybody wishing to probe the revenge, despair and  lust-inspired lyrics. It only fell short of five stars because of the lack  of balance it exudes; sometimes you just crave for more slow songs like  'Stroke of Luck' and 'Milk' to break up the clusters of bitter and  thrashing songs. That criticism aside, Garbage created on this album a  sound which set them up for greatness, but a frankly disappointing  follow-up leaves this as the best techno-rock crossover album on the  market.
B000009ED0|5.0|This guy has talent. Just listen to devil without a cause the song is brilliant.  i also ennjoy listening to coyboy, bawitdaba, blackchick white guy (which talks about his life)and rollin.  I think that this album will  go platnum many times. if you dont have this BUY IT NOW!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Just when you thought it was safe to tuck you children into bed?  Up pops Eddie!  through our bedroom window.  Finally!  Bruce has returned!  to claim his throne as Maiden's lead throat.  I am not going to plaster you  with this and that's but what I will say is that this is a well writen,  Well played Maiden Disc made in the past 10 years. Bruce's Vocals are clear  and full of range as better then before,  And can Nikko play drums!  And  never leave out the three axe slash line up and no I am not forgetting one  of the best bass players ever! to grace the studio and stage Steve Harris.   The Wicker Man is a start to a great beginning,  Brave New World still  shows the change range at a given time and one of my Favs. Dream Of  Mirrors.  What you get here not Just a slam in face re-awaking of a Metal  band?  You get the when you back is turn the master strikes off your Head.  Brave New World.  Welcome back Iron Maiden.
6304403283|4.0|There have been so many good time travel stories over the years in all of the Star Trek series, that it is really difficult to narrow them down to only the limited number that were included in this four tape set.  Since it  is presented as a &quot;collection,&quot; you might expect to see a virtual  videography of your many favorite time travel episodes.  Instead, the  editors settled on four popular episodes - one from each the four series.   For the most part, they made some good choices.  From the original Star  Trek, there is &quot;The City On The Edge Of Forever,&quot; considered by  many to be one of the best Star Trek episodes of all time.  From The Next  Generation, there is &quot;Yesterday's Enterprise,&quot; a celebrated  episode from that series.  &quot;The Visitor&quot; is a well known episode  from Deep Space Nine.  Still, there were so many other episodes that we  might have chosen.  &quot;Time And Again,&quot; an early episode from  Voyager, was probably not the best selection.  Subsequent seasons of  Voyager have produced at least two or three time travel episodes that are  far superior.  &quot;Trials And Tribble-ations&quot; would be a better time  travel episode from Deep Space Nine.  Next Generation and the original Star  Trek, of course, produced so many time travel stories that it is difficult  to choose one.  For example, while City On The Edge Of Forever is indeed  legendary, we also love &quot;Tomorrow Is Yesterday,&quot; &quot;Assignment  Earth&quot; and &quot;All Our Yesterdays.&quot;  And what about the motion  pictures?  Star Trek 4 and 8 are arguably the best time travel stories of  all.  The problem here is with the word &quot;collection.&quot;  What you  really get is more of a &quot;sampling&quot; than a collection.   Nevertheless, with the exception of the Voyager episode, you do get some  pretty good stuff.  We just wish there was more.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|I love offspring and have all but their first album.however this has made me worry, this is pop music, pop is shit.  The above comment is a matter of taste but anyone who likes any of offspring's albums before Ixnay on the  Hombre will hate this. They have made all their songs about relationships  which takes away the meaning their other songs have. They are also  repeating and stealing stuff from other peoples songs and little of this  album seems original.       For many people this album is great but anyone  who likes rock music and old offspring will dislike this. This album only  gets a star for the two decent songs'pay the man' and'americana' otherwise  you would have an n-sync album with guitars in it.
B00000JGEO|5.0|Let me start off by telling you that this movie is a roller coaster ride from start to finish. I loved every minute of it. James Cameron did a excellent job directing. I have enjoyed all of Arnold's movies...but  nothing will ever top True Lies. This is a must have movie that the whole  family will enjoy. Hang on to your seats!  5 stars all the way!
6305622825|3.0|This movie just like a lot of other movies surely had its moments.  The one thing I liked about this movie was the BRILLIANT acting by Catherin Zeta Jones and Sean Connery.  I think that these two go good together.  I  also have to tell you that it was a good story line only it had the wrong  writers.
630587493X|5.0|A beautifully human experience.  Robin Williams takes you gently into the depths of what it means to be &quot;human&quot; and how to love simply, purely and deeply with all of your heart and soul.
B00001PE4D|5.0|when i first heard about this movie i thought it was just going to be anuther (chick flick)but when i got time to watch this movie it realy has an out standing acting. I am not no critic for movies but this one i think every one should agree this movie is a superb introduction to the indristy,  plus i have a big CRUSH on &lt;Rees Witherspoon&gt;she is so hot. there for  plot was realy strait out coming ,very nice acting
B000002LOE|5.0|REM is by far my favorite music group, and I think that all their albums top just about anything else, but this blows them all away.  I hadn't listened to it in a couple of months and then I listened to it and was  totally amazed at how much better it is than anything else.  I think that  Out of Time, Automatic for the People, and UP are the best REM albums and  are the completly must-haves.
B00004U45G|5.0|Possibly the best &quot;live&quot; album ever released. Even better than The Song Remains The Same. This is Led Zeppelin live as they've never been heard! What started as a one-off fund rasier in London grew to what is now  a full fledged tour. Why? Because this band belongs in the Rock'N'Roll Hall  Of Fame NOW! You've never heard Zep songs this lush in a live setting. The  Crowes have the Zep songs down pat (I've read that they sat around  listening to all the Zep albums). From the first note to the last, what a  treat. All the force of Zep plus two other guitars and a keyboard player.  Highlights from the Zep catalog include Ten Years Gone, with a slow bluesy  guitar romp that's  incredible; Jimmy's slide guitar on In My Time Of Dying  is stupendous and wait until you hear the organ intro and outro on Your  Time Is Gonna Come, it'll make you cry it's so sweet. And That's just the  first disc!  The Lemon Song opens side two with all the gut=wrenching blues  of the first Zep album rolled into one song; and then the three guitar  attack of Nobody's Fault But Mine just absolutely ignites the song like  never before; and then there's the Out On The Tiles/Whole Lotta Love Medley  that finishes the album will leave you wishing that you had been there.  Then there's the other cover tunes(problems with Sony keep most of the  Crowes tune off the album which is disappointing because Rich Robinson's  best solos are on them, i.e., Remedy, No Speak No Slave), Shape Of Things  is done ala Jeff Beck Group with the lead solo done Yardbirds (? ); BB  King's Woke Up This Morning will definitely wake you up with it's foot  stopmin' pace and Jimmy rips this solo out that SHREDS!  The slide guitar  battles on Sloppy Drunk are incredilbe (more shredding), not to mention  Willie Dixon's Mellow Down Easy and the Mac's Oh Well are equally awesome.  Too bad they take after Pearl Jam and have soundboards available for EVERY  show. The textures of the Zep songs will please even those who don't buy  live albums because the sound too different from the record(cd) will enjoy  these discs.  This release supasses the musicmaker Excess All Areas as  there aren't any gaps in between the songs. The only disappointment is that  both shows weren't released in their entirety (the shows were recorded Oct.  18 &amp; 19. 1999) If you love loud hard guitar based music then this is an  absolute must have collection.
B00003W8NM|5.0|A nearly perfect movie, thoughtfully directed and wonderfully scored, which is marred only by a weak finish (minus the shocker-a-la-sixth-sense  which is dropped on the viewer during the final scene).<br />See this movie.   Like many great films, it artfully blends suspense, action, comedy, and a  quirky kind of romance to create a tapestry that keeps the viewer  engaged.<br />Get the DVD.  The DVD comes with a second full disc of excellent  inside peeks, interviews, and all the other general window-dressings.  Even  the packaging itself is worth looking at for an hour or so.<br />Why buy and  not rent?  This movie is worth seeing many times.  After you've watched it  three or four times, you'll undoubtedly want to share the experience with  your friends.  For the number of times you're destined to watch this flick,  buying is the more economical choice.  (Plus the rental might not come with  the extras disc.)<br />Finally, let me mention the visuals, many done by the  film house BUF.  Wow.  From the opening sequence, through the Furni Catalog  and Pilot Light (not to mention the Kama-Sutra scene) and all the way to  the final scene, this movie will stun you with its masterful use of  editing, photogrammetry, and several other cutting-edge technologies.  Wow.
0425170349|1.0|I'd read one Tom Clancy novel before this one: NetForce. I found NetForce to be quite interesting but I never quite got it. What is Clancy's point? What is he trying to show? Though NetForce held my interest (ever so  barely), this one was just plain old trash. Maybe I'd read it again if it  was either this or Barney Goes To Town or some other 4 year-oldish book.  And the two books aren't far apart. Both have childish and disorganized  plots (keep in mind I've never read Barney Goes To Town, I'm just trying to  prove a point), both have stupid characters that seem to be able to do more  than any normal human (or dinosaur) could. And both authors must have been  drunk or unaware that they were making such a horrible book.<br />This is  usually the section where I tell the plot, but the plot's so dumb (as well  as the characters) that I think this book doesn't even deserve a section  for it (the plot). Basically there's a bunch of super human guys who work  in some SWAT-like team, shooting everything in sight, whether it be acutal  threat to civilians, or a dog on the side of the road (I'm kidding, but  seriously they attack people who really don't need to be attacked).<br />Once  again, I find my self after reading a Clancy novel, What are you trying to  say, Tom? Is there any point to your ridiculous stories? Or do you want to  make a complete fool of yourself in front of millions of readers? Please  answer A.S.A.P.  <br />Don't read this book, that's the bottom line.<br />A. A.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem returns with a second great album, The Marshall Mathers LP.  NOT FOR CHILDREN OR TEENS, this album uses strong language to speak about tough upbringings and the consequences of drug abuse.  It DOES NOT glorify the  use of drugs or violence (as anyone who has listened to and grasped the  lyrics would know) but does not hide you from the truth.  A must-have for  fans of the Detroit rapper.
B000028U0Y|5.0|I'm not into country but found this to be a classic album.  Simple music, true to the heart.  Highly recommened. Go Johhny!
B00004SZWE|5.0|Once in a very long while, an album comes along that influences artists for centuries to come.  Stevie Wonder's &quot;Songs in the Key of Life&quot; is one such album.<br />Many of the songs on this disc were  recognized by more recent artists and reused, including &quot;I Wish&quot;  (Will Smith's &quot;Wild Wild West&quot;) and &quot;Pasttime Paradise&quot;  (Coolio's &quot;Ganstaz Paradise&quot;).  In commercials, Stevie's  &quot;Isn't she Lovely&quot; can be found, and the soundtrack to the movie  &quot;The Best Man&quot; includes the rousing &quot;As&quot;.  <br />There  isn't a single song on this album that made me reach for the Fast Forward  or Stop button on my CD player.  Listen to it once, and you'll be humming  along; twice, and you'll be singing along; three times, and you'll be  hooked for life.
B000002VMH|5.0|Some albums are simply wonderful.  This is one of them.  It is hard for me to imagine anyone listening to this album without enjoying it.  I had my head in the sand about Annie Lennox before surfing in to her  \\"Unplugged\\" session and I fell in love.  I bought Diva the next  day.  When I play it I never fail to be thoroughly entertained.  After  hundreds of playings, it only gets better.
6305910103|3.0|Even those viewers who dislike Star Trek about as fervently as Trekkies love the show can enjoy this episode in the movie series...  I have never liked Star Trek, not even when I was a young kid, but I have to admit that  this stirring adventure movie had me thrilled.  This is the only ST movie  that I would recommned to the casual viewer, it combines human drama with  interesting special effects and (for once) interesting characters...I will  definately be adding this to my DVD collection
B000002UR7|5.0|It's true that Pablo Honey is a much more conventional album than Radiohead's more recent efforts, yet it still manages to sound fresh and intense several years after its release. It's considered their  &quot;demo-of-potential&quot; album but I think it's a lot more than that,  with simple masterpices like Creep and Lurgee, tortured ballads like Stop  Whipering and Thinking About You, as well as catchy rock numbers like You  and Anyone Can Play Guitar.  The overall result is a more optimistic and  fun album than The Bends or OK Computer which still holds up to multiple  listens.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Yes, she has. Britney Spears, international pop sensation, has released a brand-new album that is chock full of fun, danceable music. While others might say that Britney's music hasn't changed since her 1999 hit album  (...Baby One More Time), this isn't so. Britney's lyrics are much more  mature in this album, and her voice reflects that. Below, I've listed the  12 songs on the CD, with a brief discription of each.<br />1) Oops!...I Did It  Again- The album's title track is fun, energetic, and perfect for dancing,  plus it is extremely catchy. This one will definitely make you hit the  &quot;Repeat&quot; button on your CD player. The video is also great, with  its bouncy beats and awesome dance moves!<br />2) Stronger- Possibly my  favorite song on this album, for a few reasons. It's lively and packed with  energy! This track alone shows how much Britney has changed in a year.  Instead of the lovesick, pleading lyrics present in her previous album,  Britney sounds, well, &quot;stronger&quot; in this one. My favorite line in  this song is, &quot;My loneliness ain't killing me no more.&quot; Sound  familiar?<br />3) Don't Go Knockin' On My Door- A really cool song with an  R&amp;B sound to it. It ends with a phone conversation between Britney and  her friend.<br />4) (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction- A nice song that starts  slowly and gets faster. It is really not as bad as you may have heard. It  would sound better, however, without the bazillion &quot;uh&quot;s heard  every few seconds.<br />5) Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know- A sweet ballad  that illustrates Britney's new-found maturity. It sounds very nice,  especially with the cool background music.<br />6) What U See (Is What U Get)-  A great track about the need to be yourself. It ends with a phone message  to Britney from a friend, giving her an idea for the next song on this  album...<br />7) Lucky- A fabulous song! It shows you that even the life of a  Hollywood star is not perfect. After all, fame and moneydon't guarantee  happiness.<br />8) One Kiss From You- An okay song, but nothing really  special. You may want to skip over this one. I guess you could call it a  &quot;filler.&quot;<br />9) Where Are You Now- One of the slower songs on this  album. Britney holds a fairly long note in this song (It's about  time)!<br />10) Can't Make You Love Me- A good, bouncy song. Definitely worth  listening to.<br />11) When Your Eyes Say It- One of the better slow songs,  with plenty of soft whispering from Britney. At the end, you'll hear a  conversation between Britney and her pals, in which Britney spots a cute  guy walking by. This leads us to her final song...<br />12) Dear Diary- A  sweet, slow song about a boy that Britney falls in love with. Although she  wants to get to know him, she doesn't know what to say, so she asks her  diary for advice.<br />Well, that brings us to the end of Britney's new album.  I believe that this CD is much better than her previous one, simply because  she sounds much more mature, independant, and confident. I highly recommend  &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; to any lover of pop music.
B0000024UX|5.0|This CD is absolutely incredible! The title track, &quot;Bridge...&quot; is my all time favorite song! Other S&amp;G classics are: &quot;Cecilia&quot;, &quot;The Boxer&quot;, and (in my opinion) &quot;Keep  the Customer Satisfied&quot;. I rated the CD this way because I like all of  these songs. The only songs that I'm not fond of (much), are &quot;The only  Living Boy...&quot;, &amp; &quot;So Long, Frank..&quot;. But that doesn't  stop me from listening to this awesome CD. It's great. You won't be  disappointed.
B00003OSSL|3.0|Well, this movie is one of the best movies ever. It is also one of the worst movies ever. It is the most interesting, but also the most boring. Basically, it has it's ups and it definetly has it's downs. The first half  hour or so is the type of stuff that I would like to see a whole feature  length film dedicated to, but the rest, well... Let's just say it tries to  create yet ANOTHER &quot;I wanna figure out if my wife was cheating on  me!&quot; type of film. My advice: Rent it before you buy it, becuase it  could be an awesome film to you, but it could be a terrible film. It showed  so much promise, but it also showed so much junk.
0440224764|4.0|I listened to the tape, which, like all Grisham books on tape, was excellent except for the ending.  I didn't really get it.  I think the &quot;escape from reality&quot; idea is very attractive and as usual  Grisham weaves characters and plots very effectively.  This would be a good  tape for kids over 12/13 and does grab and keep your attention.
B00000JCB2|2.0|I bought Significant Other before I found out that 90% of the things they play on the radio are pretty mediocre at best.   Limp Bizkit is one of them.  I'll start up front with Fred Durst.  Now I don't know if he thinks  he's a lyricist of an MC or something but this man can't rap or write to  save his life.  I see people writing reviews for this piece of garbage and  saying Fred has such a wonderful voice and can rap.  Well sorry everyone,  but he's a terrible rapper and a terrible singer.  His can really capivate  a crowd though at live shows i'll give him that.  Sub-par front man at  best.   Wes Borland on the other hand is one hell of a guitar player.  Just  check out the theme to Mission Imposible 2 where Wes does some magic with  the wammy bar.  If I could get an instrumental version of the song I would.   On Significant Other however he seems to hold back on any creative guitar  work, but he's still good.  I think he should break off from Limp Bizkit  and make his own band.   The rythme section is adequate and sometimes good.   On Nookie you can really feel the slinky bass line and beat in between the  chrous.  Really good stuff on that track, and everything else they play  pretty decent.     Lethal can cut it up when he needs to but for the most  part he's to darn violent when he scratches, take a listen to Q-Bert or Mix  Master Mike to see some real master dj's at work.  What did the records  ever do to you Lethal.   And one more comment before I wrap it up.  Some  guy said this is a great metal album.  Now I don't know your whole frame of  refrence or if you've ever experience any real heavy metal, but Limp Bizkit  is not metal.  Pantera is metal, older Metallica is metal, but not Limp  Bizkit.  It's pretty much teeny bopper pop for eighth grade boys.   So  overall I give them two stars, for Wes Borlands guitar work, and one for  the adequate rythme section.
B000002KHF|5.0|An album this great is fairly hard to come by. The musical talent and well-developed carefully orchestrated arrangements support Morrison's heartfelt vocal delivery of the touching, introspective lyrics. Morrison's  visionary ability to be able to draw soulful, bluesy, jazzier influences  and add about a pop mentality widens the appreciation value to encompass a  majority of society making this album and others such as &quot;Astral  Weeks&quot; must buys.
B00004THAY|3.0|Like a Coffee Table Book-This is meant for display and gift giving not serious musical enjoyment.  Is it bad? Nah..Is it among the best by either of these sometimes formidable artists? Not really.
B000002UB3|5.0|I took into Beatlemania with a premonition that Sgt. Peppers was the greatest Beatle album ever and thusly purchased it first and, at that point found my prediction to be accurate-- until I got a chance to get Abbey  Road. The orchestration is more devloped and fitting then the almost  groundbreaking-for-sake-of-breaking-grounded ideal of SPLHCB.      While  the album is majorly Paul's piece, being as he wrote many songs off the  album especially a deal of the medleys and second side, Ringo offers one  almost comically relieving in the context of talent &quot;Octopuss's  Garden&quot; while John's melodic &quot;Because,&quot; raunchy &quot;Come  Together,&quot; and sexy &quot;I Want You&quot; with a organ part to die  for go well along side George's most notable two ever and only two here  &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; the first stealing  a line from James Taylor's &quot;Something in the Way She Moves Me&quot;  and the second a beautiful accoustic piece written for Eric Clapton's  garden retaining to the band reuniting and &quot;the smiles returning to  their faces&quot;.
6304109318|5.0|I absolutely love this movie!  I must admit, the first time I watched it, I didn't really think it would be that great.  I saw it on HBO because there was nothing else on tv.  I fell in love!  Julia Roberts has been one  of my favorite actresses since &quot;Steel Magnolias&quot;.  I had never  really watched John Malkovich before.  I fell in love with his acting  abilities in this movie.  I think never before had I noticed such a  complete change in an actor from one character to another in one movie.   After seeing &quot;Mary Reilly&quot;, I ran to Blockbuster searching for  John Malkovich films.  I admit that some of them aren't so great, but you  must see this one!
B000009ED0|5.0|if you don't already have the cd &quot;devil without a cause&quot; you need to go get it because it is one of the best cd's out there because you can listen to it over and over and you will never get tryed of it so go and  get it.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Tim Burton has always been known as a director who goes the unusual route.  (His first film after all was Pee Wee's Big Adventure.)  But after doing the first two Batman films he began to mature and take on bigger and better  projects.  He has an extraordinary visual sense which shines through in  &quot;Sleepy Hollow.&quot;   How this film lost the Best Cinematography  award at the Oscar's I can't figure out.  It is a beautiful to just look  at.  The Production Design is also terrific.  The action sequences are  staged wonderfully and are very suspenseful.   What keeps this film from  being excellent is the script.  It gets slow and mundane at times and the  dialogue seems a bit conceited.  There are many decapitation scenes which  the kids might want to stay away from.  The acting is solid.  Depp and  Ricci are beleiveable in their roles and work well together on screen.  The  cast Burton put together for town is also quite good.  Watch this movie in  the dark and then beware of the Headless Horsemen.
B000001FKY|1.0|I remember waiting anxiously for this album to come out.  I was so excited for it because I loved Pyromania and HighnDry.   What a collosal dissapointment.  Leppard sold out on this commercial, stupid, souless  album. It's great if your a 13 year old teeny-bopper, but stick to the  older stuff if you want to rock.
B0000025H4|5.0|This is a great record, an awesome showcase of Judas Priest's early material, as well as an awesome showcase of pre-1980 heavy metal.  There are some truly classic songs on here: Exciter, Sinner, The Ripper, Victim  of Changes, Genocide.  I especially love the version of Green Manalishi (be  sure and check out The Melvins amazing cover of this song on &quot;The  Maggot&quot;).  70s heavy metal, and 70s Judas Priest, does not get much  better than this.  In many cases, I strongly prefer the live versions of  many Priest tunes.  The performances here are great, the sound quality is  good, and the song selection is excellent.<br />If you are wanting to get into  some Judas Priest, but you're not wanting commit to purchasing all their  records, then I would highly recommend &quot;Unleashed in the East&quot; as  well as the 1987 live album, &quot;Priest...Live!&quot;.  With these two  CDs, you will have the essential Judas Priest just about covered.
0446677450|3.0|When I was a kid, I use to read this magazine called &quot;Highlights&quot; that ran a strip called &quot;Goofus and Gallant&quot;. Goofus would always do the morally wrong thing, while  Gallant would always do the morally right thing. Goofus would be penalized  for his behavior, while Gallant would be rewarded.  It was simple and  unsophisticated, but was very effective for a kid that was in elementary  school. Thats the demographic I think this book is best intended for. The  story of Kiyosaki's rich dad, with his &quot;Mr Miyagi&quot; type teaching  methods, and Kiyosaki's polar oppisite father, with his uninspired advice,  provides a &quot;Goofus and Gallant&quot; for savings and investment. Which  makes it a good teaching tool for a fourth grader. However, if your  interest is in more &quot;grownup&quot; financial advice, there are  certainly better books out there.
B00003CWPR|5.0|It is unfortunate that Eyes Wide Shut was marketed as a blockbuster. I suspect that many cinema-goers canned it because they expected a classical narrative storyline from the movie, and perhaps this is where Kubrick  tripped up slightly -- neither the marketing nor the movie made it clear  what EWS was about -- a set of fascinating character studies and a movie  which confronts the viewer with the many cloaked aspects of society which  we all know about but never talk about (hence, my interpretation of the  title &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;). <br />In fact I think this is one of  Kubrick's specialties -- confronting the viewer. Clockwork Orange's  &quot;Ultra Violence&quot; is oddly similar to EWS with its prostitution,  child prostitution, orgies and corruption. <br />I found this aspect of EWS  riveting and I interpreted the title as a reference to society's closed  eyes to reality though many reviewers have interpreted it as a reference to  the dream like quality of the movie. <br />You do need to be a Kubrick fan to  have a full appreciation of this movie. As a Kubrickian (!) I found EWS to  be a stunning close to Kubrick's career and it was great (and odd at the  same time) to see his skill with the camera matched with modern cinematic  technology. His older films are masterpieces and the blurry sound is part  of the charm of &quot;The Shining&quot; but it was delicious to see such  vibrant colour, light and rich sound in EWS.<br />Incidentally, the DVD  transfer of this movie is outstanding in terms of picture and sound  quality. Many have complained about its standard TV aspect ratio but I  found it refreshing to see a movie which for once filled up my TV screen  and did not suffer from pan and scan syndrome as apparently Kubrick  designed the movie to be chopped for standard 4:3 TV screens.<br />There are  not too many extras on the DVD but it does have a great menu system which  plays clips of key scenes in the movie in the background and plays &quot;I  dida bad bad thing&quot;.
B000003TA4|5.0|This cd has such a huge spot in rock history you cant even explain. It led a generation. The whole cd has good songs on it, and you wont need to hit the skip button once. I am 16 and love this cd, it's a shame people my age  listen to all those bubblegum pop acts and think its great music. I myself  think that the music industry, the state it is in, desperatley needs a band  like Nirvana right now. Something that would inspire another movement like  this one, and kill the teen pop acts of today.
B00003Q43A|4.0|Forget about character development, a solid plot, or originality because this film has none of those traits.  And why should it.  ID4 is not about any of those things.  It is quite simply pure entertainment.  The special  effects are amazing and very well conceived.  The cast does a fine job with  the dialogue that they were given.  Of course even they knew that the real  stars of this film were the visuals.  On DVD the film looks great.   Although this is a pure theater picture the small screen is still a worth  while place for ID4. The DVD is loaded with extras that really make the  purchase worth it.  And the film absolutely looks better on DVD than the  VHS version, even though it is THX. For fans of science fiction, or just  films that rock with visual and sound effects don't miss it.  For those  looking for character and plot you need to try elsewhere.
6305807086|5.0|It has been awhile since I have seen such a good movie.  It is probably the most thought provoking movie I have ever seen.  And I find myself pretty hard to impress.  It's not a slapstick comedy like most comedies,  but it is pretty funny.  I think everyone would agree with me that the  funniest part was when John Malkovic entered the vessel that goes into his  mind.  Being John Malkovich is very clever and well thought out.  It is  much better to get the DVD because it includes the orientation film about  the 7th floor.  It also includes other great things.  I saw this late at  night and went to bed afterword.  When I was trying to sleep, all I could  think was, &quot;Wow.&quot;  Not, &quot;WOW!  That was so cool!&quot; but,  &quot;Wow.&quot;  You know.  The kind of &quot;Wow&quot; you let out when  you are just so amazed.  I'm not saying you should buy this, for it may not  be your kinf of movie.  But you should most definitely rent it.
6305910103|5.0|It's not just the best of the Star Trek movies, it stands alone as an exceptional movie in its own right. 'The Wrath of Khan' so far surpasses the other movies in the series that it should not be mentioned in the same  sentence except to distinguish it from them.<br />If you're reading this  because you like to see what others said about movies you've already seen,  then you already know all this. If you haven't seen this movie, however,  then do not make the mistake of lumping this movie together with any other  Star Trek movies or episodes you've seen. See it now. Or, if you're the  collector type, save the rental fee and skip straight to the purchase.
B00004THAY|5.0|I am SO pleased with this album.  It's a perfect combination of the unique styles of these artists.I don't know what other album to compare it to because I don't remember ever being this delighted.  My 16-year-old son  thinks it's really great, too, and this link has bridged our generation  gap...... somewhat anyway.
6305428050|5.0|One of my own all time favorites, this film hasn't lost its charm over the years. I've always thought Maltin passed over this film a little too quickly. It's rare these days to see a movie with any sort of involving  plot, and the innumerable twists and turns of this one are enough to make  the journey worthwhile. With an absolutely stellar soundtrack, heavy on the  blues, every moment has a meaning.<br />Adventures in Babysitting deserves a  rank among classics like Ferris Bueller's Day off and The Princess Bride.  This isn't just another 80's movie and it's less about the babysitting than  the adventure. Watch and enjoy, and by all means stay through the end of  the credits for the surprise at the end.
B00000JNOJ|5.0|I picked up this CD after hearing two of its tracks on Muddy Waters' Best 1956 - 1964. It's a wonderful acoustic blues album. You've got the king of the electric blues, his wonderful voice and slide guitar, you've got  legendary songwriter/bassist Willie Dixon, AND, as if that weren't enough,  a very young Buddy Guy on lead guitar (who I believe to be the best  guitarist in the world). All these ingredients make for one great album.  Plus there are bonus tracks to fill out the CD (missing Buddy Guy  unfortunately), terrific liner notes and photos, and digital remastering.  This CD really, really sounds great. I was blown away by the audio quality.  It sounds as if the album were recorded last year. If you like Muddy  Waters, acoustic blues, or just great music, check out Folk Singer  immediately.
6305807086|4.0|Talented Actors,a story with imagination and some great DVD-Features!!! A  &quot;must&quot; for Collectors!!! &quot;John Cusack&quot;finds a door in   his office at 7 a half floor which swallow you for 15 minutes into  &quot;John Malkovich&quot;s head! Soon he and his atractiv secretary  &quot;Maxine&quot; doo a great business with that door! 200$ for one trip  into Malkovichs body! Cameron Diaz playes the rolen of &quot;Lotti&quot;  John Cusacks wife which fells in love with Maxine! She sleeps with her  while she is Malkovich! A great scurril &quot;fantasy-love-story&quot; with  great actors and a strange Soundtrack! A must See,2 Thumbs up!
B00004U45G|5.0|THIS IS JIMMYSFINEST PERFORMANCE TO DATE .HERE JIMMY SHARES THE BILL WITH THE BLACK CROWS AND TOGETHER THEY PUT THE OF THE CENTUREY PLAYING SUCH ZEP TUNES LIKE WHOLE LOTTA LOVE HAPPING TEN YEARS AGO AND AYARD BIRDS CLASSIC  SHAPES OF THINGS AND MUCH MORE. THE ONLY ZEP TUNE THAT DOSE NOT APPEAR IS  STAIR WAY TO HEAVEN GIVEN THE POSSAPLTY THAT IT WAS MORE SUITED FOR PLANT  TO SING . BUT IT WOULD OF BEEN NICE TO HEAR CHIRS ROBINSONS OWN VERISON.
0061092037|3.0|The world of the news media is entered into and explored in this mid-nineties Archer thriller, as the lives of two powerful media moguls are followed from the day of their birth announcement to the moment they land  on the obituary page.  Keith Townsend, an Australian newspaper magnate,  has his eyes set on the big time with hopes of starting a national daily  newspaper in his home country and purchasing papers, radio stations and  television networks in Britain and the United States.  Richard  Armstrong, a Jewish holocaust survivor turned British army officer, turns  his passion for the news into a successful publishing company, with  personal dreams to one day becomes a major player in the world of the  press.  The lives of these two men come into contact again and again in  professional circles, as each vie to control the same or rival publications  and companies.  In the end, only one man will be left standing.  The  only weak link in the novel's strong storyline is the decision by Archer to  place two of the closing chapters at the start, apparently to keep readers  guessing throughout the rest of the book as to how the two central  characters arrive at the places we first encounter them.  Unfortunately, it  also leaves no mistake as to the path both will travel down with one  hundred pages to go.
B000002UJQ|5.0|No, I'm not kidding! Jimmy LOVES this album! And so should you! His favorite song is Fitter Happier! Can you believe that?<br />Anyway, this is easily the best mainstream album of the nineties (You'd be a fool to call  &quot;Zaireeka&quot; &quot;mainstream&quot;.). Most people think I'm a big  jerk because I don't think that &quot;Nevermind&quot; is the greatest album  ever made (Whenever I hear that &quot;come on people now!&quot; part, I  just wanna throw the damn thing in the trash!). But THIS?  THIS IS  AWESOME! Twelve great songs, no bad ones. There are soooo many great  moments on this album that I think I'll just list them right here.<br />- The  drum loops set loud in the mix of &quot;Airbag&quot; <br />- the four bleeps  that segue straight into the &quot;acoustic section&quot; of &quot;Paranoid  Android&quot;<br />- the way at the end of &quot;Paranoid...&quot; where  there's this huge onslaught of electric guitars and the whole thing just  stops suddenly, <br />- the ringing guitar high pitched note that comes after  every line of &quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien&quot;<br />- The part in  &quot;Let Down&quot; where Thom's voice is singing &quot;Floor collapse and  flowing...&quot; and then one voice goes off in many directions, singing  high pitched yells, while the other voice continues the lyrics of &quot;One  day I am gonna grow wings...&quot; and then the two voices join in for the  refrain of &quot;Let Down and hanging around&quot;. <br />- the computer  synthesizer &quot;bleep bleep bloop&quot; ending to &quot;Let  Down&quot;<br />- the sound of the &quot;Karma Police&quot; vaporizing the  narrator because &quot;I've given all I can/It's not enough&quot;<br />- the  Stephen Hawking voice of &quot;Fitter Happier&quot;, <br />- the HUGE electric  guitar riff ten times the size of Led Zeppelin that starts  &quot;Electioneering&quot;<br />- the beautiful beautiful acoustic beginning  of &quot;No Surprises&quot; that I loved so much that I learned how to play  it on xylophone AND guitar. <br />- the guitar solo of &quot;Lucky&quot;,  which to me sounded a lot like the guitar effect used in &quot;Rocket&quot;  by the Smashing Pumpkins (who just broke up, by the way)<br />- the ringing of  the bell in &quot;The Tourist&quot; symbolizing the acceptance of a  computer-ruled world. I think. It's either that or the tourist has crashed  his car but his life is saved because of what he says in &quot;Airbag&quot;  (I'm amazed that I survived/An airbag saved my life). So I guess the album  is a never-ending cycle. Of course everything I just said makes absolutely  NO sense unless you've heard the album about 500 times. <br />Well what can I  say? If you haven't got this album yet, go straight to your pop music store  and buy this (and try to pick up &quot;The Soft Bulletin&quot; too while  you're at it. If you liked this album you'll like that one too.). &quot;OK  COMPUTER&quot; is awesome pre-millennium tension prog-rock that doesn't  sound anything like Pink Floyd (not that that's a BAD thing, mind you...),  and I can't wait for &quot;Kid A&quot;! MARK YOUR CALENDERS!  OCTOBER  3RD EVERYBODY!
044022165X|5.0|This book, I believe is Grishams major success.  It is about a lawyer just  out of law school, and the trials he faces.  From going bankrupt to  challenging a major insurance company.
B000002H72|5.0|The single flaw in this album is that it makes all the other Pixies albums seem uninspired.  This album is just that good.  Maybe Surfa Rosa comes close.  Maybe.  Doolittle has been my favorite album since I first heard it  ten years ago.
6305903182|5.0|Is it a comedy or a horror-movie!  Whatever, its the best Trilogy ever filmed! But you really  laugh more than screaming! The perfect genre of &quot;film in film&quot; is just unbelievable great and it scares the crap out of you! The DVD is stuffed full with &quot;Special Features&quot; like:  alernate ending,deleted scenes  makin of..., videoclip, about 20 TV-Spots  and a lot more!  So its a must for every Collector!  Even if Im a  gigantic &quot;Scream&quot;-Freak I hope that this was the last Scream!   Oh and you look great when you are sitting infront of your PC,yes Im  talking to you!
B00004T9UF|4.0|Eminem's latest CD- the highly anticipated &quot;Marshall Mathers LP,&quot; is a pretty good rap album.  Unfortunately, with a rapper that spits more venom than a king cobra, you either love him or you hate him.   Take note if your easily offended, by anything, this album probably isn't  for you.  However, if your able to take everthing with a grain of salt,  Eminem's latest is better than most of the rap coming out these days.   The  album is a string of peaks and valleys, some songs among the best I've  heard, others you wouldn't even expect on Vanilla Ice's 9th comeback album.   From the mainstream catchiness of &quot;the Real Slim Shady,&quot; to the  depth and solemnity of &quot;Stan,&quot; to the utter failure of  &quot;Kim&quot; the album brings both good and bad.  Let this be said, the  kid can flow, and he's as witty as they come.  That coupled with Dre and  Mel Man on much of the production and you have a solid CD.  While listening  I found myself bursting into laughter on numerous occasions for Em's wit,  and bobbing my head to bouncy tracks like &quot;B Please 2,&quot;  &quot;Criminal&quot; and &quot;Drug Ballad.&quot;  All in all, it's a  worthwhile pick-up, but not for the faint of heart.  If you like pop music  and don't have the piece of mind to let Em say what he will, stay away.   Critics will blast him, fans will love him, and preteen girls will fear  him, but he's one of a kind.
B000001FI7|5.0|Okay I'll admit that the best song on the album IS &quot;Sourtimes&quot;. But that song is... it's BEAUTIFUL. When that Beth Gibbons chick sighs &quot;But NOBODY LOVES ME... it's true. Not like you do.&quot; it's  AMAZING! Why don't any other singers sing like that? That song is AWESOME!  Emotional, but NEVER in a pretentious R. Kelly way.  Lauryn Hill and The  Backstreet Boys must worship that song.<br />And &quot;Glory Box&quot;? Give  me a reason to be a woman? And &quot;Roads&quot;? &quot;Mysterons&quot;?  Wow. What a great album! I wish I could sing like that. Everybody else must  too. Mariah Carey and Celine Dion probably worship at the sonic altar of  this album. The ultimate 90s soul album... but techno!<br />Hey! Portishead  should worship this album! This was the last record they ever made!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|ON THE BOUND--Brilliant and strong.  It's the first song on When the Pawn and it kicks butt.  When you hear Fiona belt out &quot;You're all I need&quot; You'll want to crank up the volume.  Instead of hearing a lost  sad young Fiona we hear a strong older, more mature Fiona.<br />TO YOU  LOVE--the opening of this song is very cool.All you hear is a piano and a  little background music.  It's a very powerful song.  Especially when she  scream &quot;My derring--do allows me to dance the rigadoon around you.   But by the time I'm close to you, I lose my desideraturm and now you&quot;   (if your wondering what in the world is 'rigadoon' it's a movie with Gene  Kelley).<br />LIMP--A difinite HATE song.  It's Alanis gone Jazz.  And Fiona  is Ten times better than Alins.  The lyrics in this song are oustanding.   Ex.  &quot;And when I think of it, my fingers turn to fists.  I never did  anything to you, man. But no matter what I try you beat me with your bitter  lies.&quot;  If your feeling pissed off at your boyfriend just listen to  this song and you'll feel better. Trust me.<br />LOVE RIDDEN--This song is  about the aftermath of a breakup. And it completely describes how anyone  would feel after a breakup.  there's not much to this song--a piano, her  voice and very expressive lyrics.  It's a beautiful song.<br />PAPER  BAG--Probably one of the only songs on this CD that have a happy kind of  feeling.  It's the kind of song that makes you want to sing along.  When I  first heard this song I absolutely loved it.  It has a ring to it that just  catches your attention.<br />A MISTAKE--If you're a Beatle fan this song is  for YOU!   The guitar in this song is sweet.  And the way she experiments  with her voice is awesome.  <br />FAST AS YOU CAN--When she came back to the  music scene in 1999 she really came back with a bang!  Fast As You Can was  her first single off When the Pawn and it's soooo impressive!  And you know  eveyrone can relate to this song.  &quot;Fast as youcan, baby scratch me  out, free yourself&quot;  Come on, who hasn't wanted to get rid of and  ex-girlfriend or boyfrined before! <br />THE WAY THING ARE--This is just  another neat song off When the Pawn.  I think what she's talking about in  this song is her boyfrined and her getting into fights.  One of the lyrics  are &quot;so keep on calling me names, keep on, keep on.&quot;  She's  almost mocking him which is really cool.  (sorta like what Britney Spears  does on &quot;Opps...I did it again&quot;)<br />GET GONE--This song is soooo  powerful and so beautiful.  With the piano, the percussion, the strings,  and her voice, you diffintly DO NOT want to skip past this song.  It also  shows what a genious Fiona Apple is when it comes to songwriting.  Ex.   &quot;Cuz I've done what I could for you, and I do know what's good for me  and I'm not benefiting, instead I'm sitting singing again, singing agian,  singing agian.&quot;<br />I KNOW--This is a very sad song.  Her vocals in this  song sound so broken, sad, and lost almost to the point where you want to  cry along with her.  The subject of this song is that her boyfrined is  cheating on her and she knows about it but won't stand up to him.   &quot;Baby--I can't help you out, while she's still around.  So for the  time being, I'm being patient.&quot;  This song ends When the Pawn very  gracefully and beautifully.<br />WHEN THE PAWN is a knockout of a CD.  You  can't get any better than this.  With this CD Fiona Apple is stamped as not  a fluke but with someone who has a lot of talent.  If your looking for a  different kind of sound Fiona Apple is the one for you!
B000000W8C|5.0|&quot;Urban Hymns&quot; is a fine album, but &quot;A Northern Soul&quot; is the Verve's greatest record. Why? It's the intensity -- seldom have I heard rock music performed with such passion and desperation. The band, and  especially Richard Ashcroft, pour their hearts and souls into every track  as if their lives depend on it. Much has been written about the squalor  surrounding the recording of &quot;A Northern Soul&quot; -- the drugs, the  broken glass, the screaming arguments -- and you can hear the effects in  the music. The production is far from perfect; it sounds murky, and the  mixes sometimes sound odd. Every track is amazing, but special  consideration must be given to &quot;So It Goes,&quot; the title track,  &quot;History&quot; and &quot;No Knock on My Door.&quot; Richard sings with  a far purer voice on &quot;Urban Hymns&quot; and his new solo record, but  the pain he exorcises here -- it's about a break up of devastating  circumstances -- and how he does it is stunning. It's absolutely tragic  that this magnificent record tanked outside the U.K.; indeed, the band  broke up because of it, almost for good. If you've only heard &quot;Urban  Hymns&quot;, I hereby command you, dear reader, to purchase &quot;A  Northern Soul&quot; and bask in its imperfect, yet mesmerizing glory.
B00003CWNR|5.0|Based on the novel by &quot;John Irwing&quot; this picture is one of the rare ones which are even better that the original book! With brilliant performances by Acadamy Award winner Micheal Cane &quot;best supporting Actor&quot; and the beautyfull Charlize Theron as &quot;Candy&quot;!  &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; is a must see for every warm heart!  Rewared with 2Oscars including &quot;best adapted screenplay&quot; that  picture deserved plenty more! &quot;American Beauty&quot; looks like a  piece of garbage comered to this movie. Thats the years best!
B00000253N|5.0|I've not listened to Bob Dylan for long.  I wasn't around for his &quot;heyday,&quot; and I'm relatively new to his music.  Writing credits for &quot;Knockin' on Heaven's door,&quot; &quot;All along the  Watchtower,&quot; and &quot;Mr. Tambourine Man,&quot; along with the catchy  story-in-a-song &quot;Hurricane&quot; were what caught my attention.   &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; however, is what has cemented me as a Dylan  fan for life.   From the outset, this album earned it's place as one of the  most incredible pieces of music of all time.  The first track &quot;Tangled  up in Blue&quot; is among Dylan's best, a catchy, fast paced song that  relies less on Dylan's gravelly vocals.  My favorite tracks would have to  be the last two- the intruiging &quot;Shelter from the Storm,&quot; as  simple musically as it is complex lyrically, and &quot;Buckets of  Rain,&quot; an introspective song that often gets overlooked.  When asking  any Dylan fan for a reccomendation, I often get &quot;Blood on the  Tracks&quot; as an answer, and now I see why.  Musically, lyrically, it is  truly a classic.  Few authors in history can compete with Dylan's prose,  and few musically can combine talents as he has.  Many consumers knock  Dylan's raunching and rheuming, citing it as his achilies heal, but this  album conquers that and any other flaw Dylan may have.  Consider this his  opus: a poetic combination of soul penetrating words and ear candy rythms.
B000001E7V|2.0|Now THIS is weird. REALLY weird. In fact, I'd go so far and call it the &quot;The Velvet Underground and Nico&quot; of our generation. Okay. Tricky, onetime Massive Attack rapper, teams up with gravelly-voiced singer  Martine, and makes one of the weirdest albums you'll ever hear. I'm sitting  here staring at the keyboard trying to explain what it sounds like and I'm  unsuccessful. Some call it &quot;trip-hop&quot; but I say this sounds  NOTHING like &quot;Dummy&quot; or &quot;Mezzanine&quot;!  Ever heard the  song &quot;Downs&quot; from Big Star's &quot;Third Sister Lovers&quot;?   That's what a lot of this album sounds like. Unique percussion and static  melodies. And lyrics along the lines of &quot;I drink till I'm drunk and I  smoke till I'm senseless&quot; and &quot;I f--- you in the a--.&quot; with  song titles like &quot;Ponderosa&quot; and &quot;Suffocated Love&quot;. Pot  hallucination experiences put on record, I guess. It's all very VERY  surreal.<br />It's also very VERY unlistenable. But hey, so was &quot;The  Velvet Underground And Nico&quot;!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|ON THE BOUND--Brilliant and strong.  It's the first song on When the Pawn and it kicks butt.  When you hear Fiona belt out &quot;You're all I need&quot; You'll want to crank up the volume.  Instead of hearing a lost  sad young Fiona we hear a strong older, more mature Fiona.<br />TO YOU  LOVE--the opening of this song is very cool.All you hear is a piano and a  little background music.  It's a very powerful song.  Especially when she  scream &quot;My derring--do allows me to dance the rigadoon around you.   But by the time I'm close to you, I lose my desideraturm and now you&quot;   (if your wondering what in the world is 'rigadoon' it's a movie with Gene  Kelley).<br />LIMP--A difinite HATE song.  It's Alanis gone Jazz.  And Fiona  is Ten times better than Alins.  The lyrics in this song are oustanding.   Ex.  &quot;And when I think of it, my fingers turn to fists.  I never did  anything to you, man. But no matter what I try you beat me with your bitter  lies.&quot;  If your feeling pissed off at your boyfriend just listen to  this song and you'll feel better. Trust me.<br />LOVE RIDDEN--This song is  about the aftermath of a breakup. And it completely describes how anyone  would feel after a breakup.  there's not much to this song--a piano, her  voice and very expressive lyrics.  It's a beautiful song.<br />PAPER  BAG--Probably one of the only songs on this CD that have a happy kind of  feeling.  It's the kind of song that makes you want to sing along.  When I  first heard this song I absolutely loved it.  It has a ring to it that just  catches your attention.<br />A MISTAKE--If you're a Beatle fan this song is  for YOU!   The guitar in this song is sweet.  And the way she experiments  with her voice is awesome.  <br />FAST AS YOU CAN--When she came back to the  music scene in 1999 she really came back with a bang!  Fast As You Can was  her first single off When the Pawn and it's soooo impressive!  And you know  eveyrone can relate to this song.  &quot;Fast as youcan, baby scratch me  out, free yourself&quot;  Come on, who hasn't wanted to get rid of and  ex-girlfriend or boyfrined before! <br />THE WAY THING ARE--This is just  another neat song off When the Pawn.  I think what she's talking about in  this song is her boyfrined and her getting into fights.  One of the lyrics  are &quot;so keep on calling me names, keep on, keep on.&quot;  She's  almost mocking him which is really cool.  (sorta like what Britney Spears  does on &quot;Opps...I did it again&quot;)<br />GET GONE--This song is soooo  powerful and so beautiful.  With the piano, the percussion, the strings,  and her voice, you diffintly DO NOT want to skip past this song.  It also  shows what a genious Fiona Apple is when it comes to songwriting.  Ex.   &quot;Cuz I've done what I could for you, and I do know what's good for me  and I'm not benefiting, instead I'm sitting singing again, singing agian,  singing agian.&quot;<br />I KNOW--This is a very sad song.  Her vocals in this  song sound so broken, sad, and lost almost to the point where you want to  cry along with her.  The subject of this song is that her boyfrined is  cheating on her and she knows about it but won't stand up to him.   &quot;Baby--I can't help you out, while she's still around.  So for the  time being, I'm being patient.&quot;  This song ends When the Pawn very  gracefully and beautifully.<br />WHEN THE PAWN is a knockout of a CD.  You  can't get any better than this.  With this CD Fiona Apple is stamped as not  a fluke but with someone who has a lot of talent.  If your looking for a  different kind of sound Fiona Apple is the one for you!
B000002NJS|5.0|The 13 album tracks are placed correctly in the order to experience the moodiness yes danceable aspects of Madonna's music.  <br />You start out with a slow tempo (almost sounding like dolphin waves)of &quot;Drowned  World&quot; which is an introduction of Madonna contemplating success and  wanting a simple life (which then goes into fast tempo with guitar  strings).  <br />You hit &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, which is a fast tempo,  electronic song of spirituality and happiness.   You then go to  &quot;Skin&quot; which everyone agrees  should have been released as a  single; it has a Mediterrainean and fast dance beat (and is Mo's only song  about sex, cleverly disguised with the words of 'put your hands on my  skin'.<br />You hit &quot;Shanti/Ashtangi&quot; which Mo sings in Hindi  Sanskrit.  It's very Indian, kinda bohemian and trancey, but would make a  wonderful club hit.  And she enunciates the language really well.<br />After  that, there's &quot;Frozen&quot;, the reason I bought this album (along  with Shanti as another favorite).  A soft ballad that continuiously goes  from mid-tempo to fast electronic, techno beats back to back, and also has  classical instruments playing in the middle of the song....it's a rather  beautiful song about lost love (this should have been Madonna's 12th #  1).<br />At the end you get &quot;Mer Ger&quot;, which is kinda strange but  interesting to disect.  Mo whispers about her dead mother to the beat of  soft but rather spooky music.  <br />This multiple Grammy winning album proved  to be her best album lyrically and also was very commercial (about 15  million worldwide, including 4million in the U.S.). What's more important  this album shows that Madonna is still hip with the Music scene, which is  why she is the best selling female artist of all  time.<br />Britney/Christina/Mandy/Mariah/Whiney should takes notes.  Here is  a woman who continues to give the public style and substance, and still has  control of her own image.
B00003CX6P|3.0|Its an old story based on Patricia Highsmiths Novel, with some nice pictures and a good Soundtrack but not as good actors as in the original!  Matt Damon is a good actor but he could never reach Allain Delon thats for  sure! <br />Mr.Ripley job is to bring Dicki from Itally back to America,  Ripley kills Dicki and takes his Identification than the real trubble  beginn! At least Ms.Paltrow played well for the first  time! Its a quit  good movie with beautifull pictures!
B000002N2P|5.0|Hey I was a Green Day fan since they broke into the mainstream.  I've loved them for a while and insomniac is still definatly my favorite green day cd. This cd is very good fast punk rock.  My favorite songs from it are  86 and westbound sign.  The rest of the tracks rock too.  So if you like  green day and don't have this then get it.  My second favorite green day cd  is probably their very first one 39/smooth because that's also pure punk so  if you don't have that get it and listen to some other punk bands like mxpx  cause they sound a lot like green day and they're friends with the guys.   Also make sure you get the new album from green day called warning that  comes out this fall!
6305076995|4.0|Forget about your state-of-the-art DVD &amp; speakers, let the magic of these guys take you somewhere else. This is REALLY classic songs by a classic band. The effect certainly will reduce the poor video &amp; sound  quality of this 1972 concert. So, let your hair grown, sit down on the  ground, and enjoy.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Embarking upon the new world of the year 2000 and rising forth from the fallen monster of the 80s thrash and mainstream metal scenes, one the origional titans of metal has risen from the grave to reclaim its place on  high with legions insighting the chant \\"Eddie Lives!\\" And holy Shite, does  he ever...THE legend is true, THE leviathan has returned and THE Iron  Maiden is here...SO, scream for me, world!   After nearly a decade of  sub-par albums and mediocre expressions of melodic thrash<br />onslaught, the  originators of the sound and purveyors of the NWOBHM regime return to  redefine the genre.  With a multi-guitar assimilation that sets a new  standard for writing and performance well into the next millennium Iron  Maiden set an entirely new tone for metal, overall. Marking the return of  fret-master Adrian Smith and the golden pipes of Bruce Dickinson to the  legendary line-up, \\"Brave New World\\" embarks on a musical journey of aural  illumination of gargantuan proportions.   Easily comparable to the \\"Piece  of Mind\\" through \\"Seventh Son...\\" era in the 80s, the nearly 70 minute epic  features an array of  binding of hooks, sing-along melodies, unconventional  harmonies, progressive song-structures and rhythms that are both hauntingly  familiar, yet breath-takingly fresh in sound. The mind of founder and  bassist Steve Harris runs amock with proto-typical Maiden-esque patterns  transversed by the individual writing genius of the other five members in  an intimidating conglomeration of galloping staccato riffs,  multi-dimensional melodies and dynamically progressive songs.  Never once  lying back on the nearly 25 year dynasty that Maiden has incurred, Brave  New World enters a realm of bold and innovative performance. This titan is  a force to be reckoned with, envoking a triple lead guitar, sunning vocal  gymnastics and undulating dynamics in structure set forth to punish the  re-awakening of the old-school scene dearly for their blasphemy.  Become  one with thebrave new metal world you are about to embark upon for fall  prey to the dynamic beast that is known forever and now for always as THE  Iron Maiden.
B00004SCX6|1.0|this proves that once again that STYLE OVER SUBSTANCE does not make a masterpiece.  <br />I never liked Britney or any of those boy bands or girl singers.  And I'm 19yrs old.  I like real, deep singers like Janet and the  avant garde Madonna.<br />She could've used this album as an opportunity to  change her music style rather than go with the same bubblegum crap that was  her first album.  But no, much like the Backstreet Boys and NSuck, she  capitalizes on this unfortunately successful album buy replicating the  immature lyrics (that she didn't write or produce) and music that made the  first album a success.  What's sadder is that if you listen closely to  &quot;Oops..&quot; and &quot;Stronger&quot;, the music beats sound the same  as &quot;Hit Me Baby&quot; and &quot;Crazy&quot; from her last album, just  arranged differently.  <br />Too bad, it's no longer about making memorable  and insightful music; it's all about who can sell the most records.  What a  shame.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Tim Burton did it again,strike!  The years best,funniest,creepiest and most bizzar movie!  With great landscapes and breathtaking Speciall  Effects, plus very talented actors including:Depp, Ricci and Walken!  The  story of the &quot;headless horseman&quot; has finally been filmed  spectacularly as it diserved!  A must see for horror-fans!  With great  Features!  Let the decapetation beginn at your home! NOW!
0440234743|4.0|I LOVED THE TESTAMENT! IT WAS REALLY INTERESTING AND HELD MY INTEREST FROM THE START. IT WAS THE FIRST JOHN GRISHAM NOVEL I HAVE READ AND I NOW PLAN TO READ THEM ALL. I THOUGHT THE STORY AND CHARACTERS WERE STRONG AND FULL  OF LIFE.
0060273224|5.0|Sabriel is a great book. One of my favourites. Sabriel is a young woman with a mysterious past living in the safe southern country of Ancelstierre. Her father, a necromancer, lives in the dangerous Olde Kingdom, where his  life is often in peril. In the beginning of the book, Sabriel learns her  father is in great danger, and she has to set off to find him. Sabriel is a  neat girl. She's got attitude and the typical heroine gig, but she's also  human. She's a character a lot of people relate to, and the story is really  good. I loved Mogget, her companion, a cat-like creature made out of magic.
B000002IOW|5.0|The fourth stage of Rush is marked by an amazingly crisp sounding record marked by more groove oriented songs along with the technical expertise and incredible originality long associated with Rush. Their ability to change  and expand without compromising themselves is unparalled and what separates  them from all others. This album is great to put on if you simply want to  relax, groove and be in a good mood. Pearts lyrics are touching,hopeful and  great as always. A great album that kicked off what Rush is today.  Highlights: Show Don't Tell             The Pass             Scars
B000001Y42|3.0|This CD is nothing like Significant Other, but I like both CDs.<br />&quot;Sour&quot; is way too short, as I liked what was there a lot. &quot;Everything&quot; is way too long, as there is nothing worth listening  to in that song. &quot;Pollution&quot; is the best song on the CD, with  &quot;Counterfeit&quot; and &quot;Stalemate&quot; coming very close. All of  the songs on this CD are good except for &quot;Stuck&quot;,  &quot;Leech&quot;, &quot;Everything&quot;, and &quot;Stink  Finger&quot;.<br />This is a fairly good CD, but it's not as good as  Significant Other.
B00003CWTI|5.0|&quot;Has it started allready?&quot;thats what you are going to ask when you are sitting in the cinema! The beginning has nothing to do with the movie so dont be scared but it is quit funny!Its the story of sick Earl  whos married to 30 years younger &quot;Juliane Moore&quot; he lies in bed  allday and taks wih his friend who cares for him. Earl want to see his son  Frank &quot;Tom Cruise, in his best role!&quot; before he dies while Earls  friend tries to reach Frank, a policeman fells in love with a drugged girl  called Claudia which is the dauther of the Quizmaster on TV who haves only  1 day to live,oh and there is that little boy who playes in the quizshow  and fights for his daddys love while the ex-Quizstar Donni became a total  idiot!  In the end theres a nice &quot;realistic&quot; Frograin who brings  everything back to normal!  Thats one of the best films yet, which you can  talk about for a long time, and includes a wonderful Soundtrack by Aimee  Man!  A must see!
B000003CKH|5.0|Wow!  The sound is powerful and any not so CAKE fan will like this cd.  It's like the all-purpose cd.  Although there are some explicit songs such as &quot;Nugget&quot;, which will surprise you when the chorus comes up and  &quot;I Will Survive&quot;.  Which I absolutely adore this version of the  classic Gloria Gaynor tune.  When listening to MOG and then Fashion Nugget,  you really hear a definate maturity of the band and of John.  &quot;Italian  Leather Sofas&quot; is a favorite of mine...the continous song keeps you  listening.  I like &quot;Race Car Ya-Yas&quot; and don't let anyone tell  you different.  Listen for yourself.  The album is fantastic and enjoy  while you listen.
B00003CWLE|5.0|I watched this movie while flying. I found myself not sleeping on an 8-hour flight to watch this wonderful movie. Yun-Fat Chow was absolutely believable (handsome too). His performance made me want to watch more of  his movies. I read some of the comments and a couple wrote about it was not  true, Western viewpoint through movie, etc. This movie was about romance  and something much more than did the actress maintain her accent etc. It  was a touching movie without all the sex and hype that we get nowadays. I  will buy this movie. It is good and you won't be disappointed if you take  the time to watch it.
B00004TH6O|4.0|This CD is not very much stoner rock, barely at all. That doesn't make it bad, it is just different for Queens of the Stone Age. They still have their typical up and down faster riffs, and Josh Homme's great vocals, but  otherwise, it recalls bands like Screaming Trees. This CD seems to be to me  the missing link between grunge and stoner rock, because it is way faster  than any stoner music I have ever heard, but way more fuzzy than any grunge  I've heard. The drums are still very good as well as the guitars, and this  CD proved Queens of the Stone Age as some of the most talented stoner rock  I have ever listened to. My two favorite songs are Leg of Lamb and In the  Fade. For fans of Screaming Trees and Mudhoney.
0451160916|5.0|This book is about a family of 3 who goes to live isolated in the mountains for an entire season because the dad has a new job as a hotel caretaker .  Everyone in the family senses, hears and sees strange things  although it is mainly the 5 year old son.
B00000DBXL|5.0|This new album is amazing considering everything that went down prior to this cd.  The sound is original and explosive.  I have no idea how any one could say that the band lost their talent because of one amazing record.  I  have all 3 cds and this is by far my favorite; it has a great twang that  makes it even more original.  I hope anyone who reads this will buy this  cd!  It's one of the best albums I own.
B00000269G|5.0|Concert By the Sea has to be one of the finest jazz concert albums ever recorded. The crowd reactions,Errol's grunting and unbelievable rhythm and talent go beyond words.Every serious and even part time Jazz Piano  enthusiast simply has to have this album. I was fortunate to have known and  been a good friend of Boston's &quot;Bill Marlowe&quot; whose voice and  Jazz radio shows were incomperable and who inroduced Errol Garner to the  Boston Area and the writer. The Bill Marlowe concert at the Surf Ballroom  in Nantasket featuring Errol was a total sell out. Greatest concert I have  ever attended. Don't miss this album. Period. It's a &quot;Must Have&quot;.
0790736314|5.0|The scene: a fifteen year old boy walks into his local retail store and sees The Exorcist.  He has some money and figures, why not? I like horror movies.  He takes it home that night and watches every minutes of it, his  eyes glued to the screen, his gut turning with fear.<br />This is one of the  scariest movies I have ever seen.  I'm older now, but it still scares me  sensless.  The plot is amazing and the acting is just as amazing.  William  Friedkin did a really good job, better then he did with French Connection  (that's still a good movie, but this ones better).  <br />I thought that this  would be just some cheesy 70s horror movie that everyone thought was good  back in the day, but I was surprised and terrified when the ending credits  came up.  If this movie has the power to scare a fifteen year old, cynical  teenager 25 years later I only shudder to think what it did in its original  theatrical release.<br />Really, really scary and good!
B00001ZT0K|2.0|Ok album from Mick Box &amp; Co. after their restructuring due to Hensley's leaving and the dismal Conquest album. Peter Goalby is an OK singer, but he pales in comparison to David Byron. The songs are pretty  average, the performances are decent, but the album lacks the heart of many  of their previous albums. This album is were you realize how vital Hensleys  songwriting was to this band. &quot;Thats The Way That It Is&quot; is  pretty good though, and the cover is cool in a bizarre sort of way.
B000028U0Y|5.0|One of the great live albums of all time.  This new remastered, reordered, and uncensored version is a must for any serious music fan.  Johnny's connection to the crowd is amazing and the recording lets you share in this  great moment in time.  The issues he sings about are just as relevant  today.  This is a fantastic album.
0517122707|5.0|I have read and reread this book 3 or 4 times in the last 10 years, and it is always hilarious.  Reilly is a Forrest Gump type of character, the craziest things happen to him without him really ever trying.  The  situations and characters are very creative and refreshing.  A must read.   Warning, you will either love or hate this book.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem shows the world his talent, he is able to express hisfeeling in his lyrics without affending anyone except for Britney,Christina...everyone should go out and buy it... HEY ITS A BLOODY AMAZING ALBUM
B00004SZWD|5.0|Some of my family members had this album and I used to listen to it sporadically, liking it more and more with each listen. When I realized that I could not snag one of their copies, I decided to go out and purchase  one of my own. IMO, every song is a classic, but I have narrowed down some  of my favorites, which include : Summer Soft, Joy Inside My Tears, As,  Isn't She Lovely, and Knocks Me Off My Feet. This is an album that will  never lose it's brillance. If you are a true music fan, you should  definitely have this in your collection. I certainly think that it appeals  to those who are fans of every genre of music. That is what makes an album  a masterpiece.
B00003CX6P|3.0|I literally fell asleep the first time I tried watching this DVD.  It has some interesting aspects to it, but overall it reminded me of the Spanish Prisoner without any of the mystery that made that bad movie almost  good.<br />The Director's commentary contains much too much droning on and on  about the story, where he explains, TELLS you the story you have just seen.  I prefer commentary that gives me the story BEHIND the story - there is  some discussion about filming difficulties at the Spanish Steps for  example, but not enough.  I still wonder how they got that long shot of an  empty Via Veneto for example (I suppose it was touched up by computer).
B0000025IE|5.0|THE BAND: Rob Halford (vocals), Glenn Tipton (guitars), K.K. Downing (guitars), Ian Hill (bass), Dave Holland (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1980) 9 songs originally clocking in at approximately 36 minutes. This newly digitally remastered edition (2001) contains 2 bonus tracks extending the listen to approximately 45 minutes. Included with the disc is a 6-page booklet containing band photos, song titles, credits and lyrics. Recorded at Trident Studios in Tittenhurst Park (Ascot, England - home to John Lennon and Ringo Starr back in the 70's and 80's). All songs written by Halford, Tipton and Downing. Label - Columbia/Sony.<br /><br />COMMENTS: \\"British Steel\\" is one of those landmark albums - a defining moment in British heavy metal history. Perhaps even on a larger scale than that... heavy metal history (on Earth) - period! Classic songs, 2 big hits (\\"Living After Midnight\\" and \\"Breaking The Law\\"), dueling heavy metal guitars with melody. The original 9 songs featured no filler - \\"British Steel\\" was one of those albums that you could easily listen to without skipping a song. In my opinion, Halford/Tipton/Downing's writing and musicianship were never better than on this album. Judas Priest may have been as good on \\"Screaming For Vengeance\\" or \\"Hell Bent For Leather\\", but not better. \\"Steel\\" has some roaring songs - \\"Rapid Fire\\" (my personal favorite of theirs), \\"The Rage\\", \\"Grinder\\", and the 2 hits mentioned above. The song \\"Rapid Fire\\" contains some great lyrics that really portray the feel of the album... \\"Pounding the world like a battering ram... Fast devastating and desolisating the curse... Leaving a trail of destruction that's second to none\\" - not to mention Dave Holland's holier than thou drumming on the toughest album cut. \\"Steel\\" also featured a 3rd and smaller hit with \\"United\\". Slower and melodic heavy tunes - \\"Metal Gods\\", \\"You Don't Have To Be Old To Be Wise\\" and \\"Steeler\\". Bonus tracks - the British anthem \\"Red, White And Blue\\" is painful to get through and should have been left off. The live version of \\"Grinder\\" is worthy to be included here. I remain one of those skeptics about bonus/extra tracks... I look forward to listening to them, but if they suck, I feel it really downgrades the disc. If an old album absolutely rocks, I often times think why mess with a classic (even if there's plenty of room left on the disc - timewise). \\"British Steel\\" is a classic and it belongs on the loftiest of perches... right up there with Britain's other fine exports of the early 80's - like Iron Maiden's \\"Number Of The Beast\\", Ozzy's \\"Blizzard Of Ozz\\" and Def Leppard's \\"Pyromania\\". An easy 5-star review.and should have been left off. The live version of \\"Grinder\\" is worthy to be included here. I remain one of those skeptics about bonus/extra tracks... I look forward to listening to them, but if they suck, I feel it really downgrades the disc. If an old album absolutely rocks, I often times think why mess with a classic (even if there's plenty of room left on the disc - timewise). \\"British Steel\\" is a classic and it belongs on the loftiest of perches... right up there with Britain's other fine exports of the early 80's - like Iron Maiden's \\"Number Of The Beast\\", Ozzy's \\"Blizzard Of Ozz\\" and Def Leppard's \\"Pyromania\\". An easy 5-star review.
B00004U45G|5.0|I saw Zeppelin and have been a Black Crowes fan from their debut album.  This is an excellent disc with excellent music.  SHAPES OF THINGS and NOBODYS FAULT BUT MINE are my two favorite tracks but every song is great.   Jimmy Page is able to play guitar live and recreate the studio sound with  the help of Rich Robinson and Audley Freed.  The three guitar sound is very  heavy and Chris Robinson adds new life to the Zeppelin songs.  The drumming  of Steve Gorman is also top notch.  This is a beautifully recorded album  and I listen to it everyday.  Many of my friends were not aware this album  existed and ordered it immediately after hearing ZOSO CROWES LIVE AT THE  GREEK.  Let's hope Page and the Crowes do a studio album together.  This  album blows UNLEDDED and WALKING INTO CLARKSDALE away.
B000002UAU|1.0|This was the Beatles effort to out-do Brian and The Beach Boys on Pet Sounds. While I still think it is a good album, sgt. pepper doesent come close to the production on pet sounds. And the Beach Boys are/were the best  sounding vocal group of all time.
B000002VCQ|5.0|I have a large collection of music(country,pop,and rock) which continues to grow as I try to appreciate different types. This amazing CD ranks with the best(some others include Alanis Morrissette's Jagged Little  Pill,Backstreet Boys' Millenium,and Mariah #1's.)Whitney has a spectacular  voice which raised four of the tracks on here to #1. The two outstanding  tracks have to be the timeless ballad &quot;The Greatest Love of All&quot;  and the upbeat &quot;How Do I Know.&quot; Any music fan will not be  disappointed with this purchase. If you want to buy a Whitney album,this is  the one.(The Bodyguard Soundtrack is also good.)
B000003S2K|5.0|Brian Eno has many different facets to his work.  Among them, the warped version of rock'n'roll he brings out on albums such as &quot;Here Comes The Warm Jets&quot; and &quot;Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy)&quot; and the  floating, almost 'pausing of sound' on his ambient albums, &quot;Discreet  Music&quot;, &quot;Music For Films&quot; and &quot;Music For  Airports&quot;. <br />This is a very gentle album, reminding me of Erik Satie  in many places.  The entire feel of the album is tranquil, yet clinical,  much like the artifical space that is an airport.  Whereas Satie's work is  the sound and effects of the piano  on the music, Eno's work is the sound  of the space  around the music.  Satie once composed a piece of 'Furniture  Music', meant to be ignored as a background noise, Eno continues that idea  on this album.  The whole piece could be lost in the general din of an  airport, more a memory of how the music feels, than a representation of any  performance.<br />The playful nature of the pieces is handled beautifully  between Brian and Robert Wyatt.  Robert always has a longing melancholy in  his work, even just the sound of his instruments. <br />A very quiet album,  certainly not for everyone, but one of my favorties of Eno's ambient works.
0449227421|3.0|I've read quite a few Follett novels, and must admit this is not my favorite. The plot is more contemporary than some of his former work, dealing with biotechnology and cloning issues, rather than the more  history-based work he's done in the past. And I do like his work, this just  isn't one of his best.<br />The plot centers around a genetic researcher who  is doing a study on criminal behavior, using twins as her core group. She  comes across a series of identical twins who are raised apart, ideal for  research. As she goes along, she discovers that not only were they raised  apart, they were born of different mothers! During this process she comes  under the scrutiny of some very powerful men and runs afoul of their  political plans.<br />All in all this is, as a previous reviewer states, a  good beach read. It's face-paced, easy to digest, and moderately  entertaining. Looked at on its own, it's fine. But from the perspective of  some of Follett's other work, this is not up to his usual caliber. So, if  you're not a huge fan of his, go ahead and buy it, but if you are, be aware  you may be slightly disappointed.
B00000K19E|5.0|If u have ever wondered about the supernaturalm why deja-vu occurs, this is the movie for u. The full power of sci-fi action and a great plot unfold in this superb gun, and martial arts action movie. U will stop and think  about the world around u after watching this smash hit. Are we in a  dreamworld, are we all slaves to our minds? Questions only the cast of The  Matrix and the superb crew could answer.
B00004THAY|2.0|Since the title is &quot;Riding With the King,&quot; one would assume that this would be an essential component to any CD collection.  Wrong.  While the title track is good, the ride turns into a crash course.  Simply put,  you can hear the commercialized influences of Clapton throughout the  recording.  This album had so much potential if only Clapton would have not  produced it.  B.B.'s the King so Clapton should have taken a back seat to  him.  While there are a few bright spots, overall it was a big  disappointment.  Next time, just let B.B. play.
B000023VR9|5.0|This is a great CD for kids who's parents won't let them get the explict version. This song contains my three favorite songs, Forgot About Dre, The Next Episode, and Still DRE. It has lots of guests like Snoop Dog, Eminem  X-Ibit and lots more!
0783242808|5.0|When I saw the previews for this movie I was skeptical, but when I saw it, I laughed my head off. And Shannon Elizabeth, though it was a small part, played very well as a eastern Euopean exchange student who gives a very  sexy yet innocent nude scene with Jason Biggs. It is well worth the money  spent to see it. Did I mention that Shannon Elizabeth was very sexy...
B00000F14B|5.0|Robert Preston will always be the definitive &quot;Music Man&quot; to me. He delivers the performance that can't be matched both on this disc and for many years in the Broadway musical.<br />Shirley Jones is wonderful as the  librarian and Ron Howard is at his &quot;Opie&quot; cutest in this  film.<br />You can't help but feel patriotic during the &quot;76  Trombones&quot; number. The showstopper is of course, &quot;Big Trouble (in  River City).&quot; You'll be humming these tunes for hours after each  viewing.<br />Plus, Buddy Hackett does some fun numbers for your added  enjoyment.<br />This is a great patriotic family movie. This movie is to the  4th of July what &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot; is to  Christmas!<br />Highly recommended.
6305903182|5.0|this is my fav DVD EVER...it has alot of fun extra features and the movie itself is so great and great and plain great....this is a must have for Scream fans....but if u must or can, wait for the boxed set due in  September...with the collectors series of all the Scream films, including  the not yet released one of 2...
B000001FT2|5.0|Nightclubbing is the best starting point for those wishing to explore Ms Jones' immediate post-disco phase. This 1981 album followed the previous year's groundbreaking Warm Leatherette and was a commercial triumph. More accessible than both Warm Leatherette and Living My Life, this second work in the Sly & Robbie trilogy is packed with outstanding songs of lyrical and melodic distinction. They include compositions by Bill Withers, Astor Piazzolla, Sting, David Bowie/Iggy Pop, Barry Reynolds and Grace herself. The sound is crystal clear and despite the Jamaican influences the album has a bohemian European air about it.<br /><br />Varied yet cohesive, Nightclubbing successfully explores different directions but gives the overall impression of a concept album. It is polished and sophisticated, displaying none of the raw edges of [[ASIN:B000001FU5 Warm Leatherette]] and offers a broader appeal than [[ASIN:B000001FU8 Living My Life]]. On the opening track Walking In The Rain Grace applies her semi-spoken vocal style over a light pop-reggae beat. Notorious for its risqu&eacute; lyrics, Pull Up To The Bumper with its jerking Jamaican rhythms and car horn samples is a perennial club favorite which has seen a multitude of remixes and covers down the years.<br /><br />The slower numbers are Bowie & [[ASIN:B000000WH7 Iggy's]] Nightclubbing which is sinister rather than celebratory and I've Done it Again which is romantic and soulful as opposed to the title track's menacing undertone. Speaking of which, her interpretation of Sting's Demolition Man takes menace to new dimensions; it's the most explicitly rock-influenced song here and packs a punch. Bill Withers' Use Me & her own composition Feel Up are both buoyant uptempo tracks, the first being a show of defiance with an infectious reggae beat and the second a Caribbean feast with rattling percussion, choral vocals, what appears to be flutes & whistles and a dialogue in French patois between Grace & a male vocal.<br /><br />The magnificent Art Groupie is the most poetic & literary track with a flowing rhythmic lilt and a synth that resembles the golden age of Human League or [[ASIN:B0000CFXNP Eurythmics]]. Reggae meets an accordion on the bouncy Libertango, a catchy bilingual track on which Grace speaks and sings elegantly in French and English. The album concludes with the wistful ballad I've Done It Again where an introspective lyric and an understated sound create a delicate gem. The follow-up Living My Life concluded the Sly & Robbie trilogy and therewith the reggae & dub phase of her career.<br /><br />On her 1986 and 1989 albums - [[ASIN:B00000718N Inside Story]] & [[ASIN:B0001ZXM2W Bulletproof Heart]] - Ms Jones focused on soulful pop music. Then followed 19 years of silence. It was only in 2008 that Grace worked with Sly & Robbie again, on the challenging and ultimately rewarding [[ASIN:B001GAD7NA Hurricane]] where Brian Eno and Tricky count amongst the other contributors. In my opinion, Nightclubbing remains Grace's masterpiece, a work that best demonstrates her distinctive styles as vocalist, interpreter and composer via an exceptional set of songs.the most poetic & literary track with a flowing rhythmic lilt and a synth that resembles the golden age of Human League or [[ASIN:B0000CFXNP Eurythmics]]. Reggae meets an accordion on the bouncy Libertango, a catchy bilingual track on which Grace speaks and sings elegantly in French and English. The album concludes with the wistful ballad I've Done It Again where an introspective lyric and an understated sound create a delicate gem. The follow-up Living My Life concluded the Sly & Robbie trilogy and therewith the reggae & dub phase of her career.     On her 1986 and 1989 albums - [[ASIN:B00000718N Inside Story]] & [[ASIN:B0001ZXM2W Bulletproof Heart]] - Ms Jones focused on soulful pop music. Then followed 19 years of silence. It was only in 2008 that Grace worked with Sly & Robbie again, on the challenging and ultimately rewarding [[ASIN:B001GAD7NA Hurricane]] where Brian Eno and Tricky count amongst the other contributors. In my opinion, Nightclubbing remains Grace's masterpiece, a work that best demonstrates her distinctive styles as vocalist, interpreter and composer via an exceptional set of songs.
6305903182|5.0|I love the Scream films, they are so fun and clever and this film wraps up(? ) the trilogy perfectly....this was one wild rollercoaster ride and its the greatest DVD i own...not too many extras, but just enough...BUY  THIS NOW!
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix is a science-fiction and action film that weaves within it the message that is subersive and dangerous.  This is a very enjoyable science-fiction film that explores the nature of reality.<br />Neo is the hero  (his name means NEW or CHANGE) and he is contacted by Morpheus -- the most  dangerous man alive, and a terrorist.  The movie is subversive in a very  clever way, the hereos are terrorists who are willing and able to gun down  security agents and law officers.  They state that if you are not part of  the solution, then you are part of the problem.  The film is very cleverly  anti-government, and anti-law, and promotes voilence against the  governement and the populace.<br />This is a brilliant film that should be  watched by everyone.  You can simply watch it as a science-fiction action  film, or you can understand the philosophical and mystical messages in it,  or finally the revelation: the political and social messages in it.<br />You  need to watch the film at least three times, and listen to the dialogue  carefully to understand it.  This film demands multiple viewings, and is a  film that should be owned.  With the layers of meanings in the film, and  the messages weaved into the story, it makes for a very watchable film.   The special effects are also brilliant, as are the sets.
B000002MP2|5.0|Wow! What a good album. As a fan of alt-rock and punk since 5th grade I must say this is one of the best rock albums of the 90's it characterized a time when we were coming out of grunge Green Day were the first band in a  while to turn alt-rock from a scowl to a smile with upbeat catchy tunes  however the lyrics depict a boy living in a teenage wasteland where  everyone has let him down. BJ Armstrong may only strum three or four power  chords in most of the songs but it's the catchy rythem he plays in, mix  that with punchy bass lines and bouncy drumbeats and you have a kick ass  punk rock album that is good to crank up in the car and piss people off.  And some of the songs are still heard on the radio even six years after  it's release proving Green Day's longevity.
0440180295|5.0|Consider yourself lucky if you have been assigned to read this book for school.  And if you have picked up this book on your own, you made a great choice.<br />This is a classic work that is actually a great book to read.   Vonnegut is such an original writer.  I can think of no author who comes  close to what he do.<br />This book is so unique and is such a memorable  reading experience.  Everyone should read a Vonnegut book and this is a  great one.<br />And so it goes.....
B000003TA4|5.0|After reading everyone's opinions and I have to admit some of the people that hated it brought up some rudimentary points I felt the need to comentate.  A good rock album (to me) is one that can spark up heavy  emotion and perspective. I'm only 15 and missed out on the grunge scene  when &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; was overplayed but I remember  being 10 and first hearing Teen Spirit and the chord changes hooked me.  Later on in life I bought the album and clocked in many hours of air guitar  playing before I snapped and begged my parents to buy me a guitar. I  remember being mad on several occasion and playing a rendition of  &quot;Territorial Pissings&quot; on my guitar and screaming as loud as  Kurt.&quot;Gotta find a way, a better way&quot; The songs in this album are  excellent examples of what good music is, which is an artist putting his  own twist on his influences and you can hear echoes of The Who or a hard  rock Beatles (Helter Skelter) on &quot;Come As You Are&quot; and  &quot;Drain You&quot; Krist Novoselic even admitted that Tenn Spirit  sounded like a Pixies rip-off. And Kurt even added strings to  &quot;Something in The Way&quot; even the hidden track &quot;Endless  Nameless&quot; is a result of Kurt's listening to feedback records. Kurt is  not the greatest guitarist in the world but in &quot;Endless Nameless&quot;  and later in In Utero Kurt shows his skills in noisemaking he made his  guitar drone out endless amounts of feedback cacophony which to me is pure  bliss. No one except for Thurston Moore can make anti-solos like Kurt could  and as for the rest of the album he blended punk rock and hard rock into  these 12 songs which are excellent sonic blasts and through all of the  distortion and the spitfire drums are some thoughtful, cynical lyrics.  &quot;In Bloom&quot; for example attacks the macho man who listens to their  songs and dosen't know what they mean &quot;Come As You Are&quot; is like a  challenging invitation, to go into sociey &quot;doused in mud&quot; or  &quot;as I want you to be&quot; and will be forever haunting becuse Cobain  swears he dosen't have a gun. &quot;Polly&quot; is about a raping in  Seattle a haunting tale of how a 14 year old girl was raped by what Cobain  called &quot;a waste of sperm and eggs&quot; However all of the songs  revealed to the world how a fragile soul in all of his pain and his hidden  genius turn a melody into an artform. Let all the speculation fall away  becuse while boy/girl groups and shallow rap rock dominate the airwaves, I  will turn to Nevermind and all of the other great rock albums as an  influence for my own band and we'll hopefully change music around as Cobain  did for us 9 years ago. This is (and I know Kurt would hate the praise)the  best alt-rock album of the 90's and it will live in the hearts of  Generation X'ers forever those who don't understand it are either too old  to care to young and ignorant or unfortunatly too shallow to know good  music when they hear it
6304595247|4.0|Wuthering Heights is an intense melodramatic tale which illustrates the tragic consequences of following greed instead of your heart.  The serene beauty of the misty coutryside, delicate sunlit ponds and peaceful sounds in nature contrast sharply with the inner turmoil of the characters.<br /><br />This is a story where no one has learned from the past and history repeats itself in an eerie fashion.  The architecture is fascinating, the scenes detailed, the acting delicious and the emotions seething.  Bitterness and undying love intermingle with immaturity and self-centeredness to create unbearable torture.  An emotional score brings brief glimmers of hope with uplifting notes<br />which quickly vanish into the mist.<br /><br />The truth of their mutual devotion, which burns brightly in the hearts of the orphan Heathcliff and wealthy Catherine, is suppressed by their inability to consummate their passion for each other because of their very different stations in life.  This passion burns slowly into them, consuming them until it bursts from their hearts in torrid flames of anger.  Catherine and Heathcliff both choose their fates, although they blame each other.<br />Heathcliff says it well: \\"You of your own will did it.\\" The intensity of his green eyes reveals his cruel intentions and the display of physical abuse is a bit overplayed in some scenes.  His eyes do soften ever so slightly when they gaze upon Catherine, yet his actions leave you feeling that he does not deserve her.  Catherine does in a way repay the physical abuse with emotional abuse and acts in a very self-centered fashion at times.<br /><br />Juliette Binoche and Ralph<br />Fiennes were perfect for the role of Catherine and Heathcliff.  While many would agree: Juliette playing both the part of Catherine and her daughter was slightly distracting.  Healthcliff also never seems to age which keeps him as sexy as ever in the viewers minds, and perhaps<br />this was the point.  His acting is superb!<br /><br />The lesson for me is to love deeply and listen to your heart when it is essential to your own happiness.  A series of poor logical choices could not make up for one well thought-out moral choice from the heart.  When Catherine says, \\"He'll wait a while yet,\\" we somehow hope Healthcliff will put aside his bitterness and learn to love again, while she will find it in her heart to quit making him wait.<br /><br />When you watch this movie, a cozy down comforter, a fire and a cup of hot tea are essential.  May I suggest candlelight to set a cold dark castle mood.  Watch this alone or maybe with a cat curled up on your lap.  You will not want to be distracted. The script is superb and memorable.  This movie keeps your full attention.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Reviewand listen to your heart when it is essential to your own happiness.  A series of poor logical choices could not make up for one well thought-out moral choice from the heart.  When Catherine says, \\"He'll wait a while yet,\\" we somehow hope Healthcliff will put aside his bitterness and learn to love again, while she will find it in her heart to quit making him wait.      When you watch this movie, a cozy down comforter, a fire and a cup of hot tea are essential.  May I suggest candlelight to set a cold dark castle mood.  Watch this alone or maybe with a cat curled up on your lap.  You will not want to be distracted. The script is superb and memorable.  This movie keeps your full attention.    ~The Rebecca Review
6305531374|5.0|Michael Myers is finally dead (they chopped his head off, and if that doesn't kill him...nothing will)! In one viewpoint Laurie Strode can now stop having nightmares of Michael but on the other viewpoint it would have  been more scary to have him escape death (once again!) and just know  that......MICHAEL LIVES! Great suspense and atmosphere, like the ground  breaking original. ~Recommended Highly~
B00002Z88D|5.0|There's something strange and challenging about a band like Metallica playing with a symphony orchestra in a live concert. Apparently, there's not too much to expect from two sides so different. But... it worked. And  the result is amazing. From the very beginning to the very end.<br />  There are strong songs like Master Of Puppets, Fuel, Battery, classics like  One, Nothing Else Matters, but the very best tracks (to me) were Bleeding  Me (absolutely great orchestration and playing), Outlaw Torn, Wherever I  May Roam, and No Leaf Clover. This last is the most reprezentative song on  the whole album, with strong guitar riffs, threatening sounds from the  orchestra, and great vocal job from James Hetfield. All the album is great,  once heard it hardly leaves your mind. Sometimes I catch myself singing  without a purpose, such a strong impression it makes.<br /> I'm basically  a classical fan, but I followed also Metallica. And those who think they  are sold out, I think they forget an important thing: with age, people  mature. What would you think of James, at 36 or so, singing the same hard  thrash as on &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot;? This is the music of the &quot;rebel  age&quot;. Now they grew up, and fortunately they evoluated well in musical  terms. They hadn't lost the power, but gained the experience and knowledge  to make a style which will surely last on, and influence for years to  come.<br /> I have to agree with the reviewer below, who said that also an  orchestra can play strong and quick. There are plenty of examples in the  classical repertoire. But it shows at best here, on S&amp;M.<br /> So,  it's a great experience for Metallica fans and classical fans alike, which  brought together two styles and shown how great music can be, if you have  free mind and good tastes. A must-have, an album which would be considered  a landmark from now on.<br /> And, considering many songs have had to be  left out, there must be a second edition, with &quot;Unforgiven&quot; on  top of the list. Keep on, Metallica!<br /> P.S. And they must recognize  they only thought about this after the revelation of Apocalyptica. Thanks  to the amazing cello band, they have credit for this amazing event. And  hope they enjoyed this &quot;S&amp;M&quot;, together with all real music  lovers...
0590353403|5.0|There's just one way to put it. The book is terrific. First chapter is a little hard to get going in. It's hard to understand what's going on, - but as soon as the 2nd chapter gets going - so does the book. I loved it! Got  my daughter back to books. She would suddenly not read - now she does! Good  for both child and adult. Read it!
6305558167|5.0|The acting is excellent, the sceens well thought out, the story a classic.  This is the King Aurthur other movies try to come close too!  This movie is for movie buffs, that enjoy classical films, and the legends of old.   The music used in this film,, fits so well with the mood, that it made me  want to cry the first time I saw it.
B00002Z88D|4.0|The band that is constantly reinventing itself has did it again!  The only common denominator to all Metallica records is the fact that they all kick butt in a serious way. I gave this one 4 stars instead of 5 only because I  was dissapointed that &quot;Fade to Black&quot; didn't make it. I was  looking forward to hearing that one with the orchestra. Micheal Kamen must  have been at a loss as to how to add to an already masterful piece of  music. Different... Innovative... Thunderous... A true Metallica  masterpiece.
0553278355|5.0|When my friend lended this book to me I was then completely shocked of what a great book this actually was and that i almost kicked myself for not reading it the first day that he had lended it to me. I still think that  this was the best book recommendation I have ever read. I mean this book  and this character Esther is just such a true honest yet bare piece I have  ever read it just blows my mind and also I just love Syvlia Plath as a  writer and poet. Its really a good book that needs to be read at least  once.
B0000057C5|4.0|This one cd the will surely kick you in the arse. I can only understand a word here and there, but the musical talent of these guys does not need translation. This album bleeds talent. The cd sleeve is a bit shocking--but  the contents are true genius.
B000002OX7|5.0|Pete Townsend has reluctently become an elder statesman of rock and roll.  This album began that climb.  After the colossal success of Tommy, Townsend went about a more ambitous film project, Lifehouse.  It didn't work and  Townsend started to realize all his dreams wouldn't come true.  From these  realizations came Baba O'Riley (It's only teenage wasteland), a rock anthem  needed to keep Townsend on the right side of insanity. Townsend became an  old man somewhere on the album, promoting wisdom (Won't Get Folled Again),  even offering the bassist a chance to perform a love song (My Wife).  The  last song on the original album finally trips Townsend's ultra-ego.  With  all the bravado he can truly muster, the guiding force- guitarist/lyricist  of the Who- he handed Roger Daltry a vulnerable yet dangerous &quot;Behind  Blue Eyes&quot;.  It is the perfect end to the album as Townsend succumbs  to the fact that he won't die before he gets old.  As Daltry sings,  &quot;If I swallow anything evil, put your finger down my throat&quot;,  Townsend puts it out for everyone- he can't make it through the world by  himself.  Who's Next is the diary of a man who realizes he's been a  hypocrit.  If it didn't come from a great rock band, the album would have  bombed.  But with the texture and endurance that only the Who could  provide, the album breathed and endures today as a legacy between what rock  was and what rock became.
0684800713|3.0|This didn't particularly impress me while reading it, then surprisingly left me with a deep sense of tragedy afterwards.  The core of the novel - Jake Barnes' love for the self-destructive Brett Ashley - was very strong  and subtle.  It provoked sympathy and sadness.  One could imagine them  carrying on the way they were for the rest of their days, and that was  rather depressing.<br />I would also read this for the era and atmosphere  evoked - the frantic bullfighting fiesta in 1920s Spain - as well as the  hedonistic yet jaded perspective through which it was experienced.  As for  faults, I found certain protracted descriptions difficult to plow through  (a consistent problem with Hemingway).  This book dipped into 'boring'  territory now and then.
B00000J7JO|5.0|A blend of everything that is American music comes together in the Red Hot Chili Peppers.  As the millenium closed and rock was dying, out came Scar Tissue.  Spewing blood and past memories on the floor, a group of former heroin-junkies released a tired salsa-flavored pop-rock tune.  At first  scoffed at, it caught on to symbolize something much more than the Red Hot  Chili Peppers.  It symbolized an America that was looking over its shoulder  scared and running from something. <br /> Even though America looked back with  Scar Tissue, it gave the Peppers hope.  The album that wasn't supposed to  sell started to sell.  The ... Red Hot  Chili Peppers had written an album's worth of morose twisted tales with  equally enchanting, and beautiful drumming, basslines, and guitar work.    <br /> Anthony Kiedis deserves props for the lyric sheet to Scar Tissue alone.   Added onto that &quot;Other Side&quot; and &quot;Californication&quot; and  Kiedis became the poet laurette for rock music in 1999....  On this album though, [Guitarist Jon Frusciante] takes it one step further.  He becomes a  certifiable rock God, that all guitarists should look to to copy. <br /> Flea  is just the best bassist out there.  Only Sting and Paul McCartney have had  a bigger impact on modern music using the bass. <br /> The drummer Chad Smith  deserves props because he never had an ... addiction and stuck with the  three above nutcases.  He also is just a bruising, great drummer.  <br /> This  CD is a river of nightmares, but also of dreams, it is ultimately the Chili  Peppers exorcism into the new millenium.  A fitting end and a great  beginning.
B000003TA4|5.0|this cd is easily the best cd of the 90's. i would urge everyone, no matter what they listen to, to buy it
B0000025YL|5.0|I am scratching my head as to how anyone can say this is \\"second or third tier '80's metal.\\"<br />  Among the relatively few influential heavy metal bands that Germany has produced, there have been some really  great ones. Scorpions were producing some really good stuff at a time when  metal was otherwise getting kind of stale and overproduced. Later, Kreator  - whom, you can bet, knew their Accept - became one of the best and most  brutal thrash bands ever. Accept's heyday was somewhere between those two  bands. Their album \\"Restless & Wild\\" was easily their best,  and most original album (don't let anyone tell you \\"Balls to the  Wall\\" was better), and is one of the classics in the relatively brief  annals of heavy metal.<br />At the time of its original release in 1982 this  unpolished masterpiece instantly became perhaps the most raw and brutal  heavy metal album ever released, prior to the dawn of thrash which was  still about a year away. Yeah, Udo Dirkschneider's gravelly vocals are  about the most raw that could be heard in the pre-thrash/death years, but  they were well-suited to the axe attack of Hoffman and Fischer who, for my  money, were the best guitar duo prior to Hanneman and King - yeah, the  Maidens, Priests, Saxons, and the like were all great, but Accept's twin  white Flying-V attack was my favorite of the era. The guitar riffs are  tight and precise at all tempos, masterfully ornamented, yet surprisingly  \\"melodic\\" - a word that I usually think should be used very  loosely in connection with metal - yet also had a satisfyingly barbaric  rawness unlike much of anything else in an era that was mostly dominated by  overly-polished, over-produced, \\"hair metal.\\"<br />\\"Fast as a  Shark,\\" instantly became the fastest pre-thrash metal song ever,  assaulting the senses from behind the disguise of a scratchy old German  folk song record which it obliterates to start the album. Side one of the  old LP/cassette - which I've carried around in three differentcars over 18  years, amazed that it still plays - is one of my favorite album sides, with  one memorable song after another adorned by a hearty array of great metal  guitar effects. The fifth song, \\"Neon Nights,\\" which closed side  one of the old LP, is a raw and weighty metal anthem which starts out  quietly, launches into a fuzzed-out solo guitar run that seems to be  emulating a Bach organ work, and then launches into a feast of raw and  meaty guitar hooks.<br />Much of side two sounds pretty generic next to side  one, but it's still worth listening to in its entirety for some good guitar  licks. However, the album closer, \\"Princess of the Dawn,\\" is a  masterpiece, with a dark, medieval atmosphere, and some breathtaking axe  work that will have guitar lovers trilling and sliding their fret hands at  the air.<br />Now I will concede that a lot of Dirkschneider's lyrics were  pretty inane and unoriginal - trying to get good lyrics into English seems to  have always been a bugaboo for German heavy metal bands - but, aside from  that, most heavy metal fans will find this album to be a feast.
B0000039LE|5.0|this is the one horror movie that was actually able to scar me. this had an excellent plot, and great acting. all horror movie lovers should own this
B000002IOJ|3.0|I'm puzzled by my own reaction to this album. I think that &quot;The Legacy&quot; was a great album, and despite much of the praise it has received, I think it still doesn't get as much credit as it deserves for  being truly worthy of consideration as one of the very best thrash albums -  and not a Metallica rip-off at all. <br />I think Chuck Billy is one of the  best vocalists in the genre, and his contributions to &quot;Practice&quot;  are very good, and there are some great guitar solos on this album.  Normally, great vocals and great guitar solos are an indicator of a really  good heavy metal album, but I found the everything else on this album to be  rather bland, as though the songs are just framing the guitar solos. Maybe  I expected more of the speed riffing and crisp changes that the earlier  albums had, but most of this album just sounds like kind of  &quot;run-of-the-mill&quot; metal.
B00004T9UF|5.0|It might be a little harsh, loaded with profanity, but it just all comes togeter to be a great album. The best song has to be Stan although Kim is pretty good aswell although this last one might be a little harsh... Just  buy this album, you'll love it if you can handle a &quot;little  profanity&quot;...
B00000HZH7|3.0|This review is not really intended to recommend this album, but some people might take it that way, and that's okay. You should know exactly what you're getting when you buy this CD, known as one of the classic  thrash albums of all time: it's not really like any other thrash metal that  was beign forged at that time. Reviewers that say this is more like seminal  death metal are right, especially the vocals, which it's difficult to  believe pre-dated Morbid Angel by a few years. Much early death metal  vocals, prior to the outright grunting and growling of bands like  &quot;Cannibus&quot; Corpse (who, ironically, covered &quot;The  Exorcist&quot; on the &quot;Hammer Smashed Face&quot; single) sound like  they're trying to emulate these vocals. There is some really weird stuff  going on on this album, with some very fast riffing - and some &quot;sick  licks&quot; like you won't hear anywhere else - to accompany the crazed  vocals. But, ultimately, there's a sameness and a gimmicky quality to this  album that didn't make it a &quot;keeper&quot; for me. And the reviewer who  said it doesn't sound like much of a &quot;remaster&quot; was right: the  sound has a trebly thinness that makes it sound like the CD was transferred  right from a cheap mid-'80's cassette. It's an interesting listen but I  wouldn't recommend paying full price it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against the Machine returns triumphantly in their third CD, Battle of Los Angeles, with drilling guitar, extreme bass and beating drums.   Rage takes a hard and heavy stand against political and societal ills with  rhymes and beats that beat that of any other band.   This band, with an  actual goal behind their music- to help those facing oppression politically  or socially- takes taking a stand just a step farther.
B000003C4K|3.0|Starting about 1985, I mostly gave up on metal and after about a 15-year gap, I've recently been going back and seeing what I missed. Yes, this &quot;thrash landmark&quot; album has got some stunning guitar playing and  writing but one listen should answer the question why this band was not  sorry they changed lead vocalists, even if Steve Sousa wasn't that great,  either. The lead screamer sounds like his pants are on fire. Since I mostly  listen to metal for the guitar, I can normally overlook lame vocals, but  these vocals are so lame they just get in the way of everything else that's  going on here...and do I really want to hear about drinking blood twice on  the same album?--lame lyrics even by mid-'80's standards. Oh, and by the  way, saying this makes Metallica and Slayer seem weak is just plain stupid.  Listen to the vocals, listen to the lyrics, look at how long these guys  took in between albums, and then ask why they weren't as big as Metallica  or Slayer.
1558908498|4.0|Which horror-fan didn't like the original Scream? Well this is a sequel as good as it gets... The surviving characters of Scream are very believable and sidneys trauma is perfectly written and Neve campbell brings very much  depth into sidney's character. Gale weathers, the fame-seking reporter from  part1 has written a book, based on the murders in woodsboro. Now this book  is made into a movie called &quot;Stab&quot; At a sneak preview of this  movie, two teenagers are being brutally murdered and sidney, who's on  campus is again confronted with the ghostface killer.... But who's behind  the mask this time? Cotton Weary, the innocent convicted, now released,  Gale's new, odd acting cameraman Joel... or..? I won't spoil anything...!  The rules for scream 2: More blood, more gore! More irony! More  suspense!<br />these are the three positiv things about Wes craven's  blockbuster-sequel. Several scenes are filled with suspense and I was  holding my breath, hoping the character would make it. There is a lot more  emotion in the second installment and you really become sort of friends  with the characters. Now: The ending is real fun but it's actually not very  convincing.... the idea was kinda weird and it didn't really work for me...  but if you see part three it'll make kinda sense. It's just not perfect and  that's why I couldn't rate it with five stars. But still: Scream 2 is  probably the best slasher-sequel ever made. Enjoy!
B000002JSN|5.0|This album, like the Rolling Stones fabulous Exile on Main Street, came out to mixed reviews. Many of the purveyors of the mixed blessings went on to become it's greatest fans and showed it by bestowing much more exemplary  reviews as they mellowed with the sounds.    In My Time of Dying and the  Rover are good examples of Zep tying in their latter day dreamy rock to  their early blues. Page must be in his prime on this album, I don't think  he has sounded as good since. Kashmir fairs well with time, proving LZ's  foray into synthisized sounds was far better and had a much greater lasting  effect than some groups who made a full career doing overproduced numbers.  Wonderful album.
0679731377|5.0|&quot;History is simply the propaganda of the victors.&quot;<br />&quot;History repeats itself, the first time as tragedy, the second<br />time as farce.&quot; Barnes indirectly explores these and other maxims<br />about history in this wonderful &quot;novel.&quot;<br />&quot;Novel&quot;<br />in quotes because this book is not truly a novel in the way some<br />readers might expect, it is perhaps better characterized as a<br />collection of prose pieces with interlocking themes and motifs,<br />similar in a way to John Barth's &quot;Lost in the<br />Funhouse.&quot;<br />Barnes writes: &quot;We make up a story to cover the<br />facts we don't know or can't accept, we keep a few true facts and spin<br />a new story round them. Our panic and our pain are only eased by<br />soothing fabulation; we call it history.&quot; Barnes clearly<br />understands that history, or what we perceive as history, is really<br />only an interpretation, frought with as much difficulties and<br />inaccuracies as the interpretion of any text. To illustrate and<br />explore this idea, Barnes uses an oblique approach: 10 1/2 chapters of<br />loosely interconnecting stories running from &quot;Genesis&quot; to<br />&quot;Revelations.&quot;<br />Barnes' &quot;Genesis&quot; is the first<br />chapter, and is basically a comic, revisionist telling of Noah and his<br />Ark narrated by a woodworm stowed away on the Ark.  In Barnes' world,<br />Noah is a drunken lout who lost and/or ate some of the animals he was<br />supposed to save (the griffon, the unicorn, etc.).  Barnes'<br />&quot;Revelations&quot; chapter is about a dream of Heaven where all<br />wishes are fulfilled, and Hell is simply &quot;necessary<br />propaganda.&quot; Part of the delight in this book is the way Barnes<br />attacks and deconstructs stories from the Bible, pointing out the<br />fundamental (pun intended) error in relying on the Bible as an<br />historically accurate text.<br />In between these are chapters about<br />woodworms placed on trial for eating a bishop's throne; a hostage<br />crisis aboard a cruiseliner (a thinly veiled retelling of the Achille<br />Louro incident); a trek to Mount Ararat to locate the Ark's remains;<br />an analysis of the sinking of the Medusa and Gericault's painting<br />depicting the impending rescue of the survivors, and others.<br />References to Noah's Ark or ships' voyages figure in practically every<br />story, as Barnes &quot;spins new stories&quot; around &quot;a few true<br />facts.&quot;<br />Many of the chapters explore the ways in which history<br />is recorded as subjective experience.  For example, Barnes uses<br />historical records to illustrate that Gericault's painting likely left<br />out and changed certain historical details to heighten the emotional<br />and allegorical nature of the painting.  These few pages are one of<br />the best fictional meditations on the connections between life and art<br />I have read anywhere.<br />The structure of the novel serves a specific<br />thematic purpose here.  The various chapters are often narrated by<br />different characters, and Barnes also shifts back and forth between<br />first- and third-person narrative.  This is done to draw the readers'<br />attention back to one of Barnes' central themes: history is narrative,<br />and like all narrative, it all depends on where you're standing.  The<br />idea of reaching true understanding based on memory/narrative/history<br />is a theme Barnes has explored in many of his books, from<br />&quot;Flaubert's Parrot&quot;, to &quot;Talking it Over,&quot; but<br />never has he more perfectly molded form to function as he does<br />here.<br />It is also beatifully written, clever, and funny.  Barnes<br />shifts effortlessy back and forth between extremely diverse authorial<br />voices, and while certain chapters are more enjoyable, there really<br />isn't a dud in the bunch. The chapters on the shipwreck in 1816 of the<br />Medusa, and Gericault's painting on that subject are fascinating and<br />engaging, and the chapter on the woodworm trial is hilarious.<br /><br />Barnes explicitly addresses some of his themes in the half-chapter,<br />&quot;Parenthesis&quot; (more than two-thirds of the way through), yet<br />lets the reader connect the dots between the chapters, which, for me,<br />was half the fun of the book.  This is a truly original, rewarding and<br />thought-provoking work, and one that is even more rewarding upon<br />rereading.<br />&Agrave;ÿt the dots between the chapters, which, for me, was half the fun of the book.  This is a truly original, rewarding and thought-provoking work, and one that is even more rewarding upon rereading. Àÿ
B0000025WQ|5.0|It's easy to undertsand why Cyndi Lauper will always have a place in music history. This album says it all. Songs like &quot;Girls Just Wanna Have Fun&quot; and &quot;Time After Time&quot; take me back to those days when I  was a kid and had those songs on vinyl. &quot;Money Changes  Everything&quot; is so true in its message that people will only stand by  you if you have money. Of course the scandalous (in those days) &quot;She  Bop&quot; shows that Cyndi was not afraid to talk about something that only  few artists have dared to mention in their songs. The 1920's-ish &quot;He's  So Unusal&quot; reflects Cyndi's uniqueness which is why I think this album  was so successful. All the songs are great and they reflect that 80's beat  that we all know and love. Buy this album, you won't regret it!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I have loved the music of a-ha since the first time I saw the &quot;Take On Me&quot; video - 6 months before it charted in the US.  I have avidly purchased their CD's/tapes/LP's (yes, I still have them) and even saw them  on the 1986 American tour.  This CD is the ***best*** music they have done  yet.  It is too bad American radio requires that every song has to sound  like every other song, or their music would have a stronger airplay base  here.  Strongest tracks are &quot;Minor Earth Major Sky&quot;, &quot;Barely  Hanging On&quot; and &quot;Summer Moved On&quot;, but the whole album  ROCKS.  The 7 year wait was well worth it!  If you have ever liked ANYTHING  from them, you will LOVE this CD!
158234082X|4.0|This is a very enjoyable but not perfect book.  Some of the best and funniest pages [on a day in the life of a chef] appeared earlier in &quot;The New Yorker&quot; but there are other wonderful chapters on such  topics as how the author as a child embraced good food for the first time,  and on adapting New York-based French bistro fare to the demands of the  Tokyo market.  The chapters on chefs the author admires are also excellent.   He is very impressive when he discusses the goodness of the food that some  chefs deliver on a regular basis and on the global origins of the kitchen  staffs in so many eating places.  On the other hand, a firm editor would  have pushed for a reduction in the space given to the nefarious lifestyles  of, apparently, a significant percentage of people the author has met in  his years in the cooking business.  And, while on the subject of editing:   The copy-editing/printing glitches in this book are among the worst I have  seen; not just typos but words left out and other problems.  In this area,  the author was not well-served by the publisher [don't leave even a 5  percent tip].  These problems notwithstanding, the overall tone of the  author, a combination of confidence and self-deprecation, is enormously  appealing, as appealing as some of the better dishes and cooking techniques  he describes.
B0000039LE|5.0|This move is a true cult classic, perfect for the adrenaline junkie begging to be scared.This film uses a hauntingly,erie,theme, and a great use of erie effects to instill fear.From the opening scene where Michael  kills Judith,to his escape,and through his terrifying killing spree.John  Carpenter and Moustaphha Akkhad And the brilliance of the crew, the cast,  and brilliant performances by relatively unknown Jamie Lee Curtis(this film  earned her the title of SCREAM QUEEN),Donald Pleasance, among others.This  film took what little funding and resources it had, and became the a  monumental blockbuster, and The ESSENTIAL film for every horror movie  fan!Unlike many films since the original halloween scared us without  actually being just a slasher flick. The plot very easily could happen in  this sick world!Brilliant Movie great plot, and even better  performances.Long Live Michael Myers! Btw Halloween3 might carry the  Halloween Title But will never be recognized by many fans as being part of  that lineage!
B000001GBJ|2.0|If you LOVE Enya, you'll love this CD.  For those of us who are sick of Enya, DON'T BUY THIS CD!  I'm always disappointed in any artist who falls into the trap of creating formulaic music.  Almost every song on this CD  consists of virtually identical sounds that have been rearranged into a  different song.  Basically, every song is comprised of a whimsical piano  melody overlaid with a violin.  BORING!   Yes, the music is relaxing, but  so unimaginative as to render this CD to the realms of mediocrity.  Stick  with Loreena McKennitt for relaxing music, or I highly recommend Chris  Spheeris' newest CD &quot;Dancing with the Muse.&quot;  Now some irony.  I  bought &quot;Songs From A Secret Garden&quot; because of a review I read on  this Web site, so take everything I (or anybody else) writes with a healthy  dose of skepticism.  Enjoy!
0451191153|5.0|As I read some of the most recent reviews of this book, I was surprised at  the degree of intellectual midgetry and literary obstinacy displayed.  Do  not confuse Rand's stern optimism for some mystical and cynical  &quot;overman&quot; dream.  It is futile to argue this book's philosophy:  you either accept it, or you don't (which dooms it to these negative  criticisms in a big way).  To those naive enough to question the realism of  the characters or Rand's view of people in the book, look up the definition  of romance literature.  To those trying to reduce this work to a pile of  dust with a few short and condescending words, I say (not without a hint of  drama) you are all a bunch of Ellsworth Tooheys.
B000007ODM|5.0|This is a CD well worth owning for those who love music that grabs the emotions.  Some of the songs are reprised (repeated) on the CD, so that's a downside, but the CD reminds me strongly of Enigma -- heavily laden with  ingenious electronic percussion that seductively plays beneath hauntingly  beautiful melodies.  Sadly, this is the only ERA CD I've found on the  market.
0393317552|2.0|This book provides graphic illustration why academics write outside their field of expertise at their own peril. Of course, while one could argue persuasively that Jared Diamond has done so quite well, given the fact the  book has become an overwhelming best-seller, some of us old enough to  recognize that public success and popular recognition do not necessarily  equal objective merit could poke a large number of painful holes in such an  argument. There is precious little that is new, startling, or noteworthy  about Diamond's thesis; indeed much of it has been argued by a number of  historians for generations. The only real contribution I see in all this  long-winded narrative is that he has succeeded in catching the elusive  kernel of public imagination about the issues of history in general, and  that is truly an admirable and noteworthy achievement.<br />Other than  that, the book is actually quite pedestrian, predictable, and prosaic. Of  course geography is an essential factor in determining any society's  potential for survival and/or success in competition with other societies.  Having natural and easy access to the sea and all its products, for  example, can lessen the otherwise considerable load on the populace for  hunting, food gathering, and other requirements for the society's continued  subsistence. Likewise, more temperate climates (neither too hot nor too  frigid) give a substantial natural advantage to human societies intent on  expansion, trade, and war. Yet, while such geographic factors are salient  and helpful, they provide critical but insufficient means to explain human  history. This is as true of the other factors he argues on behalf.<br />To  argue on behalf of demographics as an essential ingredient in the unfolding  of human history is a commonplace. To do so is neither profound nor useful.  Instead, it is the mark of an idiographic academic so insulated from and  evidently ignorant of the established verities and scholarship of another  discipline that he is unable to recognize his own logical errors. Here too  it is highly reductionistic to suppose that demography plays a central role  in the unfolding of history any more than does geography. In anticipation  of the next idea, let me hastily add that the same is obviously true for  biology. To argue otherwise is make Herr Hitler's fascist argument on  behalf of racial eugenics and a super race. Gee, I thought all that  nonsense about racial purity and destiny ended in the smoke and ruins of  post-war Berlin.<br />In essence, the author's painfully stated \\"logical\\"  theories of `guns, germs and steel' are actually anything but logical, and  are more likely merely graphic instances of biological reductionism, which  attempt to oversimplify the actual verifiable recorded complexities of  history over with the faint pastels of more consistent, coherent, and  centrist notions of a theoretical academic. Were he better grounded in  world history and less anxious to take us on a quick and global tour, he  might find that beneath those clear deep waters he has sailed over so  quickly are the murky and muddy truths of actual history, which is nowhere  near as consistent or as singularly pointed in a particular progressive  direction as he would have us believe.  This book is entertaining, well  written, and easy to read. If you bother to read it, do it for those  reasons, and not for edification. In my opinion it falls far too short in  that dimension to be useful or believable.ther  discipline that he is unable to recognize his own logical errors. Here too  it is highly reductionistic to suppose that demography plays a central role  in the unfolding of history any more than does geography. In anticipation  of the next idea, let me hastily add that the same is obviously true for  biology. To argue otherwise is make Herr Hitler's fascist argument on  behalf of racial eugenics and a super race. Gee, I thought all that  nonsense about racial purity and destiny ended in the smoke and ruins of  post-war Berlin. <br />In essence, the author's painfully stated \\"logical\\"  theories of `guns, germs and steel' are actually anything but logical, and  are more likely merely graphic instances of biological reductionism, which  attempt to oversimplify the actual verifiable recorded complexities of  history over with the faint pastels of more consistent, coherent, and  centrist notions of a theoretical academic. Were he better grounded in  world history and less anxious to take us on a quick and global tour, he  might find that beneath those clear deep waters he has sailed over so  quickly are the murky and muddy truths of actual history, which is nowhere  near as consistent or as singularly pointed in a particular progressive  direction as he would have us believe.  This book is entertaining, well  written, and easy to read. If you bother to read it, do it for those  reasons, and not for edification. In my opinion it falls far too short in  that dimension to be useful or believable.
0792151712|5.0|Titanic is one of my favorite movies, it explores so many themes and is able to transport its viewer into another world. Rose is the typical young woman, always wanting something more. Jack is the person who can give her  that something more. This movie has excellent special effects, a wonderful  soundtrack, and the finest cast of actors I've seen in a long time. This  movie stays very true to history, even using common social scenarios  (Rose's fianc tries to dominate her) to prove its point. This is an  excellent movie, the time is a little long but the viewer won't even  realize its length.
B000021XS0|5.0|...Let's just get one thing out of the way: Dream Theater isnot for everyone. Let's forget musical nomenclature (progressiverock/metal and what not) and just say this: Dream Theater has a very distinctly delineated style that is markedly etched with reams of talent. While this talent is always prevalent and evident, DT is often accused of being overly technical while sacrificing melodic qualities. All of DT's members are gods and considered by many to be their personal heroes. But they are very pretentious instrumentalists...the extended instrumental sections show this. For those who become bored easily and cannot appreciate everything that is happening (polyrhythms, meter shifts, etc), think twice. Don't get me wrong: you can love this album without being a musician yourself, but it will help and increase your overall enjoyment of the entire experience.<br />I think Dream Theater is one of the most talented bands in music today, and this comes from someone who listens to everything: classical, jazz, metal, prog...you name it. While others see complain that Dream Theater's music is just &quot;musical masturbation,&quot; I think it is important for a band like this to strike a balance between vocals and instrumental components. When you have a band this talented, they just need to play.<br />Of course, the &quot;musical masturbation&quot; complaint might be justified if Dream Theater -- like many bands -- sacrificed intensity and melody for &quot;wank-factor.&quot; Dream Theater doesn't do this. Petrucci's music on the guitar is a thing of beauty -- like Joe Satriani, he is &quot;not of this Earth.&quot; (But make no mistake, they are not very similar in terms of style.) DT's new man on the keys, Jordan Rudess, is absolutely stunning. His piano work is simply beautiful, and his stately strings are expertly mixed and add wonderful elements to the music. UNlike many keyboardists, Rudess eschews cheesy &quot;space sounds&quot; and other sounds that often accompany keyboards.  Mike Portnoy is hands-down one of my favorite drummers, and bassist John Myung -- who sometimes becomes lost in the mix -- is also a complete virtuoso and lays down wicked bass lines.<br />Of course, it wouldn't be complete without James LaBrie's stunning vocals. LaBrie has heaps of talent, with unrivaled range, pronunciation, hunger, and emotional intensity. His voice really captures the emotion of the song, especially in the heartbreakingly beautiful ballads &quot;The Spirit Carries On&quot; and &quot;Through Her Eyes.&quot; He breathes a little loud at times, but he's so talented you won't care.<br />Many people are dismissing SFAM's lyrics as disposable, and these woeful individuals are missing the point. What we have here is a concept album that is telling a wonderful story about death, deceit, and love (sound corny? Don't worry, it's not). The lyrics are mostly handled by Petrucci and Portnoy, and they are handled with astonishingly results, and fans of Metropolis Pt.1 will recognize familiar bits from said song. Lyrics are articulate and always sound, well, good!  Especially given how touchy it is to wield subject matter like this. People have compared this to The Wall (Pink Floyd), Operation: Mindcrime (Queensryche) and other concept albums, but this isn't a very good comparison. SFAM stands on its own and is simply beyond words...absolutely incredible. Complaints about the ending are also missing the point: It's supposed to leave the listeners hanging...we'll have to wait until part III to find out how it continues...(if they release a part 3, that is).<br />In the end, Dream Theater really shows what it's made of with SFAM...a band with heart, skill, and impact. The musicianship, studio recording quality, and story line are beyond reproach. Some people may find the instrumental bits a little overbearing, but if you appreciate the talent and the melodies that are in action, you probably love it as much as anyone else who's given it five stars.<br />Finally, make sure you do your best to figure out the story line. The album transcends mere music to something so much more once you develop an emotional attachment to the events portrayed in SFAM. This is how it is with most people.<br />Highly recommended.
B000001E18|4.0|After U2 completely reinvented itself with Achtung Baby, they pull off the near impossible on Zooropa; an experimental, intrepid, near-masterpiece that perfectly expresses the personal isolation associated with the  computer age.<br />Zooropa takes the electronica of Baby to new extremes, with  even more edgy sonic experiments and unusual song structures.  The opening  title track is indicative of this departure.  The track contains the  familiar guitar riffs from the Edge, but with unusual, treated effects.   Departure is also a common lyrical theme, as Bono croons, &quot;And I have  no compass, and I have no map, and I have no reasons to get back.&quot;   <br />The entire first half is among U2's best music. Baby Face, about  obsession with cyber-sex, features an unnervingly creepy guitar line. The  strongest track is Lemon, featuring a stunning string and synthesizer  arrangement by Brian Eno.  The desperate lyrics fit perfectly (&quot;I feel  like I'm holding on to nothing&quot;).  The album concludes with the  post-apocalyptic The Wanderer, sung by Johnny Cash.  What could have easily  sounded like a desperate attempt for significance works brilliantly as  Cash's haunting vocals describing an urban wasteland combine perfectly with  the dense, throbbing synthesizers and soaring harmonies. <br />Zooropa isn't  without it's faults, as some tracks (Some Days are Better Than Others, The  First Time) sound like incomplete ideas rather than finished songs.  Such  instances are exceptions on this largely brilliant work.<br />Though not as  consistently enthralling as Achtung Baby, Zooropa stands with the former as  U2's best albums.  Zooropa takes the listener into a musically inventive  and emotionally unsettling world.  It is interesting to note that this  album expressed the dual excitement and anxiety associated with the  cyber-age years before it was fashionable to do so and Zooropa still sounds  prescient.  <br />One last note:  The contributions producer and musical  contributor Brian Eno should not be overlooked.  Eno has been a long-time  muse of U2, and his influence has never been more apparent.
B000000OUE|5.0|I bought this CD when it came out about 5 years ago, and I have loved it ever since. It's the only cd I have that still gets heavy rotation after 5 years. Electric Head Pt.1 is an awsome song. My two favorites are Blood,  milk and sky, and Blur the Technicolor. Great driving music...just don't  get caught speeding. If your looking for a heavy album and your sick of  KoRn and all those other copycat bands...then buy this one...hear the band  that started the heavy era. You won't be disapointed.
B000001EGE|4.0|This is a fine example of EJ and Bernie's early work, with the incomparable singles &quot;Rocket Man&quot; and &quot;Honky Cat&quot; included. But the truly outstanding song is &quot;Mon Lisas and Mad  Hatters,&quot; one of Elton's most under-rated ballads. The melody here is  beautiful.<br />The problem with the record is that there are some throw away  filler songs included. This isn't the case the Elton's finest album (by  far), &quot;Goodbye Yellow Brick Road&quot; or even &quot;Captain  Fantastic.&quot;<br />This is still an essential Elton record and necessary to  understand his evolvement from Reg Dwight to superstar. It's a fine album  and worth owning, it just isn't Elton's apex.
6304083769|4.0|&quot;Akira&quot; may have been confusing, but keep in mind that film's challenge of adapting 2,000 pages into 2 hours...right! And I still think that movie did remarkably well. Now we have the brainchild of Masamune  Shirow, the current cyberpunk manga genius adapted for the screen. And in  spite of the endless praise this film gets for its action and its skillful  blending of computer graphics and tradition cel animation, I have to say  that this film is lacking. Don't get me wrong, it is still my #2 favorite  anime of all time, and my #4 favorite sci-fi film of all time (&quot;Blade  Runner,&quot; &quot;Akira,&quot; and &quot;2001&quot; being the first  three). However, in reading the comic, I have to say that the script-writer  for this film (even the original Japanese script, which always tends to be  better translated in subtitles than dubbed) made the mistake of taking a  series of 6 storylines, cutting 2 or 3 of them out, and cramming the rest,  even though not all of them were related. Elaboration: almost each issue of  the original manga had its own storyline, connected only by characters. Not  ALL of them had to do with the Puppet Master. However, cut a few  unnecessary stories out, add the Puppet Master in place of the badguy, and  blend it all in...you got the plot of the movie. In spite of that, the film  did a rather good job of adapting the original comic, but because of the  cramming of storylines, there is a sense of the film being rushed. Hell, it  doesn't even clock in at 90 minutes, which tends to be the animated film  standard. Now, with that aside, let's get to the real point. The movie  itself. It is fantastic! Without this film, &quot;The Matrix&quot; would  not exist, or it simply would not have been as good or as interesting,  because 90% of that movie (plot, stunts, special effects, etc...) came as a  result of the innovations of this movie. The story is very well thought out  and brilliantly executed. Because of its shortness, there is asense of  something missing or being lost, but the action in the main gunfight scenes  make up for this. The animation is wonderful. The set designs are  remarkably well-crafted to recreate a Hong Kong-style city, and the  integration of computer-generated 3-D virtual cityscapes is exceedingly  well-done. The character designs and their personalities are given their  just attention, and while the unbelievably pale white skin of the  characters might blind the viewer, the use of transparent eye colors give  the cyborg populace of this film a soul all their own. That is the entire  point of the movie...the soul. The computer effects are wonderful, and the  music score by Kenji Kawai is soothing, ambient, eerie, and beautifully  compliments this shadowy virtual world. Of course, the Japanese dialogue is  better suited to the characters (especially since they really tend to go  all out and pour their souls into it...heh, souls again!), but the English  voice cast holds its own. Somehow the bland and almost monotone nature in  which Mimi Woods delivers her interpretation of the character of Major  Kusanagi compliments the quandary of the cybernetic femme fatale's ghost.  The voices of Bateau, Togusa, and Chief Aramaki are well-suited as well,  but the dark voice given by Abe Lasser to the Puppet Master is almost  frightening. Overall, this film is one of the best animated films to be  released in a long time, not to mention one of the highest ranking sci-fi  films of all time. Flaws and all aside, this is not to be missed!
0060977264|1.0|I fail to understand the appeal of Paulo Coelho if By the River Piedra I  Sat Down and Wept is typical of his work.  The book purports to be a love  story between a seminarian and an old friend - a college student - in the  context of doubt, search for truth, following one's true calling etc. etc.  etc.<br />The issues raised and their resolutions are trite and presented in a  manner that gives one no confidence in the author.  Is he writing for money  or fame? out of a misconception of his own wisdom?<br />I suspect that when I  first was out of college and reading psuedo-Tibetan drivel, I would have  enjoyed this book; so I do understand that there is a place for this book.  That place is not on my bookshelf.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I first saw Labyrinth when I was about ten years old and it has been my dream fairytale ever since. <br />The story was simple -- big sister has to grow up, learn her responsibilities and rescue little brother from becoming  a goblin.<br />But what was magical about the whole show was the brilliant M.C  Escher sets, marvelously entertaining puppets created by the father of all  puppets, Jim Henson, and the beautifully romantic interludes between  Jennifer Connelly (Sarah) and David Bowie (Goblin King).<br />Present-day  computer animation can make dinosaurs almost real but I preferred the cute  and adorable puppets that created my own make-believe of a world of magic,  fantasy and adventure. I could almost see myself running around in that  maze, dodging the boobie traps and having great companions like Hoggle,  Ludo and Ambrocious with me. <br />I admit I was pretty charmed by David  Bowie's portrayal of the Goblin King but who wouldn't be? Powerful,  mysterious and not bad-looking, he seemed to be in the classic Prince  Charming genre, except that he was also a little diabolical compared to  those in Cinderella and Snow White etc.<br />Labyrinth is a classic and will  always be my dream fairytale, and I am still watching it over and over  every now and then. Most of all, like Dark Crystal, it is one of the  signature performances by the late Jim Henson and his wonderful family of  puppets.
B00004U45G|4.0|Throughout the mid to late 1990s, Jimmy Page has recorded and toured with Zep-mate Robert Plant.  Although these efforts have come close to quenching fans' thirst fors for a full-blown Zep reunion, Page's playing has often  come across as uninspired.  Those long-suffering Zep fans yearning to hear  their ultimate guitar god/wizard conjure magic from his Les Paul need look  no further than Live at the Greek. The Black Crowes propel the Living  Legend's playing to heights not reached since Zep's heyday.  The Crowes  have obviously done their homework as the renditions of often overlooked  Zep gems retain much of the fire of the originals. &quot;Ten Years  Gone&quot; and &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine&quot; are clear standouts with  the three guitar attack approximating Page's famed &quot;guitar army&quot;  featured on the studio tracks. Fleetwood Mac's (the Peter Green version)  &quot;Oh Well&quot; also rocks harder than anything I've heard in a long  time.  Perhaps the best track on the album is the Yardbird's/Jeff Beck  Group's &quot;Shapes of Things,&quot; with Chris Robinson playing the role  of Rod Stewart to the hilt and Jimmy Page imitating his buddy Jeff.  Bottom  line, if you're a Zep fan, you MUST own this album!
B000006IFF|5.0|LIVE AT KNEBWORTH is a very fantastic concert. Some of the best musicians of the world were there.
0440234743|5.0|I loved this book!   I have read four other Grisham novels and have found this one to be my favorite.  The plot was intricate and full of surprises.  And what made this story so amazing was the ending.  It left you with a  feeling of hope (unlike &quot;The Partner&quot;).  I can't wait until the  movie comes out for this one.
0767002652|5.0|I pre-ordered this set when it appeared on the website and recently received my copy to get me through the summer re-runs.  I was so thrilled to see the superb boxed set, and was doubly impressed at the quality of the  recording both visually and in terms of sound.<br />Upstairs, Downstairs is  the saga of the Bellamy family and their household staff in the early 20th  century.  Throughout the series their lives, loves, tragedies and triumphs  are portrayed.  This set of 13 episodes includes the COMPLETE first season  as seen in Britain, including some black and white episodes never seen on  tv in the US.  In the first episode we are introduced to the colorful Sarah  (Pauline Collins), in the second (B&amp;W episode) Lady Marjorie has her  portrait painted only to discover at the Royal Academy Show that the artist  has also painted two half-naked maids in an attic room (possibly Bellamy  maids?).  In episodes 3 and 4 (B&amp;W) we are introduced to the children,  James and Elizabeth Bellamy.  Episodes 5 and 6 show us the romance between  Elizabeth Bellamy and a German Baron (and it's dark underside), and the  pregnancy of the new maid, Mary.  More familiar episodes to the US audience  come in #7 and #8, Lady Marjorie is spellbound with a young army captain  who is friends with her son James, and Emily (the annoying kitchen maid)  falls for a neighboring family's footman, with disastrous results.   Episodes 9 and 10 have Mrs. Bridges, the cook, behaving in a most improper  way and stealing a baby, and the erstwhile Sarah returns with a new plan to  improve her social standing.  The two penultimate episodes in this set  include the further adventures of Sarah the housemaid with a Swedish valet,  and the further adventures of the Bellamy's daughter, Elizabeth, with a  group of young Socialists.  Finally we are left with the now estranged  Elizabeth Bellamy and her relationship with a leftist poet, Lawrence  Kirbridge--and a great eagerness to own the next 13 episodes, now also  available.<br />Upstairs, Downstairs is the classic &quot;Masterpiece  Theater&quot; series, with costumes, drama, comedy, and riveting characters  that we take to our hearts.  If you are a fan of more recent costume dramas  on A&amp;E and PBS, you will very much enjoy this early series which holds  up remarkably well, after nearly two decades.  Treat yourself--you won't  regret it.  And, the set is very reasonably priced here at Amazon.com (I  saw the same thing in a catalogue for $149.99)
0783222475|5.0|What an amazing treat. The perfect mix of love and disaster to keep me interested throughout the entire movie. This takes the long done out genre of romantic comedies, and adds a new feature-an erupting volcano. Like the  mix of baking soda and vinegar, it comes out to be quite a delicious cliche  of character, love, death, and a whole lotta lava. Very good, especially  all the miniatures. You also love the characters.
0399226907|5.0|This was a very informative book about the life cycle of a caterpillar into a butterfly.<br />Note to teachers: It taught numbers, days of the week, and different types of foods eaten by the caterpillar.  Lots of different  art activities can be done, such as creating a caterpillar out of an egg  cartoon.
B00000IPAX|1.0|What is wrong with all of you? Why do you insist on calling this punk? This crap is not at all punk. Punk means standing up for what is right and fighting for it and trying to make this world a better place to live. Blink  182 puts shame and discrace to the punk scene. They play a bunch of crap  power chords and only strum down and people say they are punk. Punk is not  the sound, its whats in your heart and head. Off of the punk subject, they  also have no talent at all. their lyrics are horrible and &quot;Paperback  Writer&quot; was right, their songs Don't tell anything, they have no  meaning at all. This band puts no effort at all into their music, like they  don't care. It seems they just ant screaming, empty-headed little girls  calling them hot. Tom can't sing for his life and he is a horrible  guitarist. Mark writes stupid, pointless bass lines. Travis is the only  good one. They try to hide their music by being &quot;funny&quot;, which  they are not. People say they are serious, but &quot;Adam's Song&quot; is  the only thing Blink 182 related they can back that up with. Why do people  make such a big deal about the fact that they play their own instruments.  Big deal. I'm sorry to say, but they are not the first band to do that.  Some other reviewer put reviews for all the Blink 182 cd's (and that dumb  fenix TX) and she likes Brittney Spears, that's just hillarious. Please for  the love of God, do not buy this garbage, get something like Bad Religion,  Anti-Flag, NOFX, Pennywise, Dead Kennedys, etc.<br />P.S.- I bed over half of  Blink 182 fans don't even know why they changed their name from Blink to  Blink 182. It's just pathetic.
0140282033|5.0|I had never heard of Joanne Harris and was frankly skeptical about the rave reviews (hype, I thought) that this novel attracted. I picked up a second hand copy expecting little and was absolutely bowled over by it. It  is THAT good ! &quot;Chocolat&quot; is written in a mouthwatering and  delicious prose that leaves you drooling for more. Harris' story  superficially resembles a morality play. The running battle between  newcomer Vianne Rocher to Lansquenet and parish priest Francis Reynaud is  often depicted as a duel between good and evil. Somehow, I don't see it  that way. Vianne, the protagonist, isn't a paragon of virtue. She is far  too complex a character to serve as a symbol. And Francis isn't really evil  either. His half crazed obsession with conformity and determination to  stamp out the unusual is born of a deep self loathing and persecution  complex that deserves only our pity. Vianne is just the catalyst the small  town of Lansquenet needs to release its members from the prison they  inhabit and she does it with chocolate. Josephine, Luc and even Roux  discover themselves from knowing and being influenced by Vianne. Grand dame  Armande's dictum is to live life or be dead. She is a living testimony to  the celebration of life. Harris also contrasts the hypocritical piety of  Christianity with the unadorned goodness of humanity. &quot;Chocolat&quot;  made such an exhilirating read I couldn't put it down until I finished it.  It isn't particularly deep or complex in its themes but is such a hugely  enjoyable novel I would recommend it unreservedly to just about anybody.  Some serious readers have criticised Harris' fairytale like story for its  simplemindedness. Perhaps. But like its subject (chocolate), it may not be  good for you but it sure feels like heaven when you're savouring it !
0780020901|5.0|Anyone knowing about Ken Russell's films knows to expect something a little eccentric. With &quot;Mahler,&quot; he does not disappoint. For the lover of unusual films, as well as Mahler's grand orchestral canvases, this  film provides many delights.<br />A convalescing Gustav Mahler (Robert Powell)  ponders his life while on a train trip with his wife Alma (Georgina Hale),  who is having an affair with a military officer. While it covers certain  events from his life, including the misery and tragedy of his childhood,  the film's real strengths derive from its more fantastical aspects. Russell  examines the composer's psyche in some bizarre, anachronistic, and  sometimes darkly humorous vignettes, some of which have to do with Mahler's  Jewishness in anti-Semitic &quot;fin de siecle&quot; Austria. Some  highlights: Mahler debasing himself to prove his worthiness to a B&amp;D  clad Cosima Wagner during the musical number &quot;Jewboy,&quot; sung to a  very familiar tune by her husband; seeing his own funeral with Nazi  pallbearers, a nude Alma frolicking to the playfully nightmarish Scherzo  from his own Seventh Symphony; and his own frolics with what appears to  have been his true love, Death.<br />Despite being the protagonist, Mahler is  not completely a hero. Russell also examines Mahler's autocratic attitude  towards his wife's composing, culminating in her burying her own  compositions. The music selected for this scene is not by Mahler, but  rather a Wagner piece with a very appropriate title. Perhaps this explains  Mahler's phantasmic vision of Alma frolicking at his own funeral; does  Russell have Mahler realize the delusion of consigning Alma exclusively to  the role of muse, rather than leaving her to define herself as another  creator?<br />Having seen Russell's film, the prospect of a straight biopic  about &quot;events&quot; in Mahler's life seems to me rather anticlimactic.  Anyone wishing to see a straight biopic of Mahler should probably avoid  thisfilm. (You may wish to wait for a movie currently in the works about  Alma Mahler.) However, those with an appreciation for unusual films and/or  Mahler's music should give this film serious consideration.
6305754950|5.0|El Dorado is one of may favorite Westerns.  I am a Howard Hawks junkie.  I am very happy with the DVD transfer of this film.  The film print used to produce the VHS video tape was in bad shape.  The problems of color balance  and evendent splicing have been fixed in the DVD.  The color is a big  improvement over the VHS.
B000004286|5.0|Arguably THE greatest movie score ever composed, and surely one of the best, James Horner's 'Braveheart' is a stunning, beautiful and haunting piece of music. Unfortunately words fail me, (and the superlatives run out,  eventually) to describe the beauty and majesty of this score.<br />Mel  Gibson's masterpiece, Braveheart, is my favourite movie ever, with a great  story, awesome scenery, involving drama and acting, and wonderful action  sequences. But all that would not, I believe, make such an impact were it  not for the beautiful music that accompanies and enriches all the images on  screen. <br />I have heard people describe the music in Braveheart as  'unbelievably beautiful', and assuredly it is that, and more. From the  haunting, moving theme, to the pounding music for the action and battle  sequences, the music is perfect. It perfectly captures and expresses the  rugged beauty of Scotland, and the themes of freedom, love, and  loyalty/betrayal. The theme itself is one of the most beautiful pieces of  music ever, perfectly encompassing all the great emotions, from love, to  heroism unto death.<br />James Horner uses Celtic instruments like the Uillean  Pipes, and the strings, to give a Scottish feeling to this composition, but  without overdoing it. The strings are used very effectively, from the more  'active' scenes, to romantic and sad sequences, like &quot;The Princess  pleads for Wallace's life&quot;.<br />But the two tracks that most perfectly  express all the beauty and majesty of both the score and the movie, are  tracks 9 and 11. &quot;Sons of Scotland&quot; is the accompanying music to  the scene in the film just preceding the Battle of Stirling. This scene  revolves around Wallace's speech to the Scottish troops just before battle,  culminating in the famous &quot;They can take our lives, but they'll never  take... OUR FREEDOM!&quot; The music in this track perfectly expresses the  fear, anticipation, and renewed courage of the troops after Wallace's 'pep  talk'. And it reaches its climax right around Wallace's  &quot;Freedom&quot;, with a crash of drums, strings and pipes, making even  the audience wish they could join the fight against the oppressors.<br />Track  11, &quot;For the Love of a Princess&quot;, is the Romantic theme, and is  used frequently throughout the movie. It's haunting and beautiful melody  is, I believe, the best ever in a movie, and has me drying my eyes every  time.<br />All the other tracks in the CD are beautiful as well, especially  tracks 16, 17 and 18, having to do with Wallace's trial, execution, and the  aftermath of his death. And if Wallace's cry &quot;Freedom&quot; while  being quartered doesn't have you crying, especially with the beautiful  musical accompaniment, you don't have a heart!<br />'Braveheart', both film  and music, is just perfect. And Braveheart fans were given a second volume  of music: &quot;More Music&quot;, with even more of Horner's score.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Wow!  I was very pleasantly suprised with the material on this sure to be phenominal album. It is so great you will NEVER, EVER,EVER get sick of it. You discover something new everytime you take a listen! Lets do a quick run  down of the songs! <br />OPPS- This is a fantastic song for the summer. Its  great for singing and dancing. It will be around forever!<br />STONGER- In my  opinion this is the best song on the CD. Britney has got some awesome voice  effects in the begining!  This song has got great attitude! <br />DON'T GO  KNOKIN' ON MY DOOR- Another fab song. It is very upbeat and hs got an  extremely  cool R&amp;B sound to it. The instumental arrangments are  awesome.<br />CAN'T GET NO SATISFACTION- This should be titled  &quot;Satisfaction&quot; because you will be really satisfied with Brits  remake of this classic song! <br />DON'T LET ME BE THE LAST TO KNOW- This was  written for Britney by Shanias husband Mutt Lange. This has got a Shania  sound, if you like Shania then you will lve it if you don't like Shania  give it a try anyway! It is awesome.<br />WHAT U SEE, IS WHAT YOU GET- A very  upbeat tempo song that has a definite realation to Brits life. It is  outstanding.<br />LUCKY-Words can't describe this song, its amazing!  It is  the 2nd best song on the CD!  This song also has some relation to Britney's  life as a star! <br />ONE KISS FROM YOU- I honestly don't understand this  song. It is not bad but it isn't great ither. It sounds similar to  &quot;Soda Pop&quot; from Brits debut album. You listen and decide.<br />WHERE  ARE YOU- I love this ballad. Britney has a very strong and beutiful voice(  as always) in this song ! It is so great you have to listen to  it.<br />CAN'T  MAKE YOU LOVE ME- This is a very great upbeat song which has a similar  theme to Lucky. The instrumental arrangement is amazingly put together.  <br />WHEN YOUR EYES SAY IT- No comment. Lets just say it grows on you,  eventually.<br />DEAR DIARY- Brit wrote this song and it isgreat! There arn't  many instumental arrangements which allows you to hear the true talent of  Britneys voice.<br />Overall the CD is beyond phenominal. And everyone should  own one. Britney takes the art of pop to a new level!
0767903854|4.0|Bryson continues his travel odysseys with his Quest in finding the Quirks  and Quaints on our planets only island-country-continent with historical  anecdotes along-the-way makes for a pleasant visional journey.  His  explanation of the &quot;right-hand-turn&quot; traffic laws in Melbourne  brought back the mother lode of remembrance to this writer of that  beautiful city and country.
014028009X|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite books!  Bridget is one of the only characters that can make me laugh out loud over and over. I lend it to all my friends and no one is ever disappointed.
6305903182|5.0|Hey ! I'm french and I can say that France is the second country for the Scream Trilogy. Scream is a smach in France and the biggest audience in all over Europe. Actually, I'm a big fan and I LOVE the third act but my point  here is to say &quot; buy Scream 3 in DVD&quot; This is huge ! An alternate  ending, deleted scenes, musical clip, and more ... If you like Scream 3,  you HAVE to buy this one !
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink has done a great job with this album.  It definately is not as hard core punk as their earlier albums but it is good in a different way.  The songs have funny, yet serious lyrics and great music to back them up.  Bands that have similar sound to this album are: Third Eye Blind, Tonic,  and Pennywise.  Adam's Song in particular has great meaning in the lyrics.   It is about going through a difficult time in someone's life yet finding  the strength to go on through it all.  Certainly a great album.
B000021XR5|4.0|This album is a big time breath of fresh air.  Every single song on it is superb in its own right.  My Favorites are &quot;Glide&quot;, &quot;Pruno&quot;, and &quot;Atlanta&quot;.  These three songs can  basically sum up the three different characteristics of this album.   &quot;Glide&quot; provides beautiful singing and a great mid-tempo rocker.   &quot;Pruno&quot; is as heavy as STP gets with a &quot;Rage Against the  Machine&quot;-like bass line.  It can really make you head-bang along with  other hard rockers like &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;No Way Out&quot;.   &quot;Atlanta&quot; is an amazing accoustic song that captures a  &quot;Doors&quot;-like sound.  It is a softer feel like the song  &quot;Creep&quot; off of their first album.  STP explores all three types  of their music: The heavy-rock, the mid tempo pop-styles, and also the  accoustic work.  It is a must-have album in my opinion just for the song  &quot;Glide&quot; which will probably be a big radio hit.
0140282033|1.0|I truly regret wasting time reading this ...coz spare time is something I don't have much off. I've read picture books designed for toddlers...that have more of a plot than this book did.
B00004T8RK|4.0|This is a great follow-up to Yeild.  It gives some elements of Yeild in &quot;Thin Air&quot; and &quot;Light Years&quot;, but also shows us that PJ is still evolving.  They aren't continuing to go in the same direction as  Yeild, which was pretty mellow in my opinion, but instead they have meshed  some harder rockers in with the mellow stuff, such as &quot;God's  Dice&quot; and &quot;Rival&quot; which are my two favorite songs on the  album.  Some People may write off the new album as just like &quot;No  Code&quot;, and these people haven't even given the CD a chance (weren't  listening with both ears for the amazing subtleties and feels--such as on  &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; with the strange shackle-like noises that make  you think of prisoners walking through the everyday prison of the modern  world etc.).  <br />     Each of PJ's albums has a distinct and individual  feel to it and Binaural is no exception.  Each PJ album is a work of art  and each should be respected as one and not written off as dull or 'not my  type of music'.  This album is GREAT, just like ALL of their works.  A true  fan of Pearl Jam will enjoy it as well as a true fan of music in general.
B00000JFV9|5.0|This is one of those rare soundtracks that can stand on its own as well as being a musical record of a film.  Together these songs form a cohesive piece of work.  Individually they are amazing songs.  &quot;Little Child  Running Wild&quot; gives me chills everytime I hear it.  It is moving,  haunting and exhilarating all at the same time.  &quot;Pusherman&quot;  always sounded very ominous under it's cool beat and hip lyrics, and  &quot;Give Me Your Love&quot; is one of the most erotic, sexy and romantic  songs I've ever heard.  While the film was very ambiguous about drugs,   Curtis Mayfield's songs definitely are not.  I know that the movie has been  the butt of a lot of jokes (which it does not deserve;  the movie is  excellent), but this record, along with Isaac Hayes' &quot;Shaft&quot;  soundtrack, are two of the finest pieces of work from 2 immensely talented  men, and prove that not all Blaxsploitation films were hack jobs.  There  was great talent evident in many of them.
0670880728|5.0|Some retellings of classics are just authors trotting out a successful  plotline in a tired way under the guise of literary awareness, but Bridget  Jones is not a tired narrative. Fielding, using Pride and Prejudice as her  jumping off point, dives head first into the hapless world of young  singleton Bridget and her romance with Mr. Darcy.<br />Fielding brilliantly  skews the values of Bridget from the original Elizabeth Bennet's perfection  and strength. Bridget isn't principled and upright, she's a quivering mass  of hysterically funny insecurities and bad habits like smoking, drinking  and procrastination.<br />Yes, if you're familiar with Pride and Prejudice,  you may see some of the plot points coming from miles away, but if you love  P&amp;P, you'll enjoy this romp. If you've never read Austen's lovely book,  try Bridget first and then get acquainted with Pride and Prejudice. They  make great companions!<br />Bridget promises a laugh a page as well as some  strikingly realistic glimpses of the delicate modern singleton's psyche.  Don't miss this book!
B00004T8RK|3.0|Whenever a classic band like Pearl Jam releases an album you always expect the best.  However, Binaural is far from it.  There are a few good songs on this album, but its still very disappointing and uninspiring.  I have an  idea, why doesn't Pearl Jam stop worrying about NOT being famous and make  some good music.
6305657939|5.0|Pierce Brosnan delivers a typically smooth and sexy performance in the Thomas Crown Affair.  Comfortably in character, he plays a bored tycoon whose million dollar business deals no longer give him an adrenaline rush.   He turns to another passion - art collecting, from the Metropolitan Museum  of Art, no less.  The theft scene has a fast-paced, Bond-like theme closing  with Crown's smug satisfaction as he toasts his latest Impressionist  acquisition.  Nevertheless, he gets more than he bargained for in the shape  and form of Rene Russo who plays the equally sharp and cool international  agent hired by the insurance company to retrieve the million dollar  painting.  She zeroes in on Crown immediately and with pure sex appeal and  feminine grace, she &quot;gets her man.&quot;  Both enjoy playing the  delicious cat and mouse games, each only briefly enjoying a moment of power  before it's regained by the other.     <br />It's a sheer delight watching the  hot chemistry between Brosnan and Russo.  There's a steamy rhythmic dance  sequence including the famous see-through dress, plenty of sparkling  repartee, and a Caribbean island romp guaranteed to amuse even slightly the  most jaded viewer.  Denis Leary is the tender-hearted detective with the  tough-guy exterior and Faye Dunaway is amusing as Crown's psychiatrist who  is more interested in tormenting her client than in providing any sort of  therapy.  It's a fun couple of hours in the world of art, money, and the  rich and powerful.
B00001NFCY|1.0|The fact that anybody considers Creed one of the best bands around is ridiculous.  They have nothing new to offer the music scene and they sound like a band that belongs in the early nineties grunge scene.  Some of the  worst vocals I've ever heard are on this CD, the singing is so forced and  just sounds very fake and annoying.  As if hearing them 24/7 on the radio  wasn't enough, but now they're always on MTV.  Why do these guys think  they're so cool anyway, like on that video for &quot;Higher&quot; where at  the beginning the camera has to zoom in on all their cool tatoos and stuff.   This stuff is just as bad as all those boy bandz.  Stuff my head in an  albino sea donkeys bum and call me Sally, but I don't recommend this CD.
0064407667|3.0|While sometimes awfully clever, don't expect from this slim volume either the giddy imagination or the emotional pull of the Harry Potter books.  There is something sillier going on here, something more cartoonish.  As an  adult reader, I find the Potter books fulfilling in the way that &quot;Star  Wars&quot; or Greek mythology is fulfilling; they nourish the soul at the  same time that they entertain. (Pretentious as that may sound, I think it's  true.)  &quot;The Bad Beginning&quot; (and presumably the rest of the books  in the series) is very much a story for children, albeit one that teaches  the valuable lesson that life is not always a bed of roses.
B00003CWLE|5.0|When I sat down with this movie, I was definatley unprepared for how it woud affect me. In short, I can honestley say I've never seen a movie this good. &quot;Anna and the King&quot; has everything, 'something for  everyone', to coin a cliche-it's funny, dramatic,has plenty of war  casualties for the guys, and at the heart of it all is an beautiful, aching  unrequited love. Never have I felt such chemistry between actors or  characters on a screen. This is a film that absolutley consumes the veiwer  from beginning to end, leaving you happy and hollow all at the same time.  When &quot;Anna&quot; first came out, it was touted as the 'biggest  historical epic since 'Titanic'&quot; but &quot;Anna and the King&quot;  blows 'Titanic' and basiclly every other movie I've ever seen out of the  water!  Do yourself a favor and see this.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|After tidal I had been awaiting Fiona Apple's next album, wondering if it could surpass the steller music on her debut. If not better, this album is as amazing as the first. Every song is sung with intense, moving emotion  and i love every one. Some of the best are paper bag, get  gone, and limp.  I definitly recamend buying this one and my only complaint is that there  are only 10 songs on the album and the fiona experience is cut so short.
B000006045|5.0|I first bought this album because track# 6 (Dissolved Girl) is the music playing in Neo's headphones in the movie _The_Matrix_.  However, after gradually listening to more and more songs,  this has become one of my  favorite albums. A few years ago I would not have put up with the dance  beats of &quot;Rising Son&quot; or &quot;Inertia Creeps&quot;, but songs  like &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;Group Four&quot;, with their slowly  building guitar riffs and ever-present bass helped ease me, a Korn and Limp  Bizkit fan, into this incredible album.  I would recommend it to  anyone  who either likes hard rock or rap, and who also feels a need to shake up  their listening habits every now and then.
B000002LE6|2.0|I AM AN ADORING FAN OF PRINCE BUT THIS TIME HE INCORPORATES THE HELP OF OTHER ARTISTS AND HE MISSES EXCELLENCE.  UNLIKE HIS PREVIOUS ALBUM SIGN OF THE TIMES THIS ALBUM MISSED THE MARK, THAT'S WHY IT'S ONLY MEDIOCRE. I  SUGGEST DIAMONDS AND PEARLS, OR PRINCE'S EARLIER WORK. I BELIEVE HE GOT  TIRED ON LOVESEXY AND WANTED TO TAKE A BREAK. HE PROBABLY KNOWS IT.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I see here too many people who rate E4 too low. From one hand, I can understand them - they're an old fans of Enigma and they got used to it's style very much. And, as E4 is much more different from the previous ones,  they're upset. But, I must admit, that Enigma shouldn't be the same in all  the albums Cretu makes! What if E4 had the same Greg. chants, low mood's  melody etc? We would dislike the music for its sameness. But here we're  resting while listening to completely new (though with some old sounds)  music.<br />As for the album itself, I can say that the music became more  aggressive and lively. We hear no more so many low-key tracks as in E2-E3.  It's only Traces which is the most quiet and serene. Modern Crusaders and  Silence Must Be Heard are the most aggressive and solid/dance pieces here.  <br />What is more important is that Cretu (as always) gave us a perfectly  mixed compilation. Sometimes, when I listen to E4, I can't even imagine how  it becomes possible to combine so many sounds in that order that it's not a  mess but a great melody.<br />The only thing I disliked here (may be you -  too) was the repetition of some &quot;words of wisdom&quot;. Though they're  as always brilliant, repetition makes them less mysterious and attractive.  But, again, it happens only in one-max. two songs.
0783226063|5.0|Dune is without a doubt one of the best SciFi movie ever made. When I saw it first it didnt make too much sense to me but after watching it again and again I started to really enjoy it. It still wasnt until I read the  book by Frank Herbert that I understud all the plots and characters in the  movie. Yet I still prefer the film over the book because it has so many  wonderful aspects that the book didnt have, like Totos wonderful music  score, great looking sets and fine special effects considering its age. In  fact I think only one other book has the same scope and originality as  Herberts Dune and that is Tolkiens the Lord of the Rings, which I hope  will become as good a movie as Dune.
B00001NFCY|1.0|With Human Clay, as well as in my own prison, Creed seems content with sounding exactly the same as pearl jam, alice in chains, soundgarden etc.  Creed is living in the past and even if it had been released say in 1994,  you would still find nothing original in this band.  If you like Creed's  songs, why settle for a mediocre generic substitute when you can have the  real thing.  Go out and buy Pearl Jam's TEN, Alice in Chain's DIRT,  Soundgarden's SUPERUNKNOWN, or even Stone Temple Pilot's CORE and you'll  find that Creed seems to borrow everything and improve on nothing. Eddie  Vedder et al have moved on passed grunge, even if it is not making them any  money because grunge is dead, now Creed, please die too
B000002AP1|5.0|Amazing! &quot;Fun House&quot; has always been my favorite Stooges CD because it sounded so much better than &quot;Raw Power&quot;. Now we have the Ig's true masterpiece the way it was meant to be heard - LOUD,  balanced, and with the true artistic power brought out. I'm not gonna go  thru that whole godfather of punk thing, but Mr.James Osterberg and his Dum  Dum boys were the true idiot savants of rock. Iggy was/is a poet of the  Rimbaud order; listen to all the words of &quot;Search &amp; Destroy&quot;,  hell the whole album,to see what I mean. Soundwise, that track had low  volume muddy bass with a fingernails-on chalkboard overloud,over-trebly  sound. Now after all these years it is the way the artist wanted it.  First,I was leery of a remix. I always assumed it un-fixable - simply  recorded so badly that no mixing could help. With all due respect to Bowie  (and the Ig-man does the same), Carrot-top just didn't have time. And there  have been two God-awful remixes lately: first the big kick drum,big  bass,big vocal &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;,mixed for the 90's.  Secondly,the now ho-hum Who's &quot;Live at Leeds&quot;. It sounds great,  but there's too much dead air and stage talk, and they put back all the  edits Townshend wisely made,ruining the end of &quot;My  Generation.&quot;But then we get into the purist versus fun-in-good taste  thing. For example,I liked the&quot;yehs&quot;in &quot;Search&quot; as well  as the count-in for &quot;Shake&quot;. I believe that as long as the artist  is involved, there's a better chance we'll get a better product. &quot;Raw  Power&quot; isthe real thing.    One last thing:the packaging is  phenomenal,especially for a mid-priced disc. It includes a very generous  booklet, with an Iggy interview and lots of photos. This is the best $12  you can spend. . .oh and by the way, its Exec Producer is Bruce Dickinson,  yes THE Bruce Dickinson.
B000002BPS|5.0|this cd has some good punk songs on it. the songs all i want, cool to hate, way down the line, and mota rule. me and my old lady is a weird song. is he talking about his mom in that song? well this cd has the coolest  songs.
6305499365|5.0|I was sitting home bored one day when I happened to catch this movie on cable.  I couldn't believe this gem was overlooked in theatrical release.  Talk about hilarious.  After watching this movie I went out and bought it.   It's that funny.      Being a person who worked in a situation similar to  the one our main character,  Peter Gibbons, worked in I could totally  relate to this movie.  Made me laugh and laugh. All the characters are  funny. Great comedy.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I love this cd. He is a good artist. He speaks his mind and if he dislikes something........ he raps about it. He has some funny lyrics. Unlike most people, I like Amittyville. Most people like Stan. That is my second fav. though. Overall though, unless u can't handle this, BUY IT!
B000002H38|5.0|I have worn out two of every album Anita has made.  I have beenanxiouxly awaiting her next album, all in vain.  In all theseyears, I have never grown tired of the songs on all the albums.  Thank you, Anita, for the many wonderful hours of your beautiful voice and let us hear from you real soon.  END
076783819X|5.0|This was quite a movie.  Terrifying as a parent.  It was very involved, every detail was important and the ending quite a twist.  I was resistant to watching this movie after watching the ads for it, but was talked into  it by someone that had already seen it.  It did not seem my type of movie.  However, once I got into it, it was riveting and frightening to see how  events could take such a twisted path.  It is frightening to think that our  lives could be so manipulated.  In my opinion, this is a sleeper hit.
B00000IQBL|5.0|this is a great move packed with lots of action, but dont get confused as its nothing but action. To many people use it as a reffrance to Vietnam. Come on, in the movie the guy is carrying a 50 caliber machine gun under  his arm. Its very unrealistic but its a great fantasy and action. Definetly  the beginning is the best part of the movie.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Kevin Smith spins an amazing story about two angels trying to return to heaven.  Along the way, Salma Hayek does a great turn as a &quot;dancing schoolgirl&quot; in an absolutely eye-popping scene.  Lots of appearances  from some of the View Askew Regulars, even Fan Boy and Steve-Dave.  An  finally, Alanis Morissette in an absolutely RADIANT performance.  What may  seem blasphemous at the beginning becomes clearly divine at the end.  This  movie is better than Chasing Amy, is that possible?  The dialogue is  snappy, Jay and Silent Bob are given larger roles.  Unfortunately, the DVD  is not a collector's edition.  Would trade my Silent Bob doll for a batch  of outtakes.  DEFINITE BUY !
B00000JCOV|5.0|you are either 1. Not a &quot;real&quot; metal fan or 2. your not a metal fan, how can a person so intised in rap or pop or anything else rate something that is metal? SLIPKNOT rules, and is an outstanding metal band,  and for 9 members, this band is very nicley put together. I dont really  like the turn tables, but they fit in Slipknot's songs and are not really  noticable.<br />Metal is fast and heavy music, thats how Slipknot plays, and  this isnt hate music, this is happy music &gt;8-D. with happy sic people  ready to Mess you up. For any true metal fan, this is the album. The best  metal band out there.
6304401132|5.0|This movie is my all time favorite. I love the story, the classic one about the handsome prince and his princess, but I also think that Maleficent is the most beautifully drawn bad girl forever and ever!  I  love the song and what it means. Buy it you'll love it, and your kids  too...
B00004THAY|5.0|This one's a no-brainer, folks. Put B.B King and Eric Clapton in the same studio and you're pretty much guaranteed something great. Riding With the King is just that--a great blues album. It doesn't matter whether you  prefer traditional or contemporary blues, you won't be the least bit  disappointed with this CD. Starting with the rocking title track and going  all the way through to the Johnny Mercer standard, \\"Come Rain or Come  Shine,\\" the album gets off to a great start and doesn't falter a bit.  <br />Set alongside four B.B. originals, Riding features inspired covers of  R&amp;B and blues classics like \\"Hold On, I'm Coming\\" and \\"Help the Poor\\"  (which King covered on his Live at the Regal disc), and acoustic versions  of \\"Key to the Highway\\" and \\"Worried Life Blues.\\" The two biggest surprises  are the Doyle Bramhall II tunes, \\"Marry You\\" and \\"I Wanna Be,\\" both from  Bramhall's latest solo effort, Jellycream. \\"Marry You\\" was one of the  weaker tunes on Bramhall's album, but it takes on a whole new life with the  blues masters taking charge.<br />The album has a natural, laid-back feel to  it that you only get from two veterans at the height of their craft. I  don't normally make predictions in reviews, but I can see this one coming  from miles away... Next year at the Grammys, Riding With the King will take  the award from both Best Traditional Blues and Best Contemporary Blues  albums. I'm not sure if a single album has ever won in both categories, but  this one seems like a sure winner for both of them.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I just received this album as a birthday present, and have listened listened to each song extensively. Only one word can be used to describe this album. Wow. I believe this album is genuinely a one-of-a-kind  recording. For example, on the track &quot;Higher&quot;, Scott's soft,  mellow voice is the only thing that keeps the song from exploding.<br />Then  there are also the songs that don't just have mellow vocals, but completely  mellow music also. An example is &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;. This  track is a fairly unique experience, and there a couple of other songs very  similar on the cd.<br />Well, I've only got one minor gripe that keeps the  recording from reaching the holy grail of five stars: A few of the songs  seem to have misbalanced musical parts, such as loud background music that  seems to overshadow the vocals. It's not a major problem, but it detracts  from the overall picture.<br />All I can say about this album is WOW! If you  enjoyed any of Creed's previous albums, or if you like one of the radio  songs, go ahead and buy the album, as you'll find a lot of value.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Being a member of the age group who grew up listening toSantana in the late 60's &amp; 70's, I purchased&quot;Supernatural&quot; without hearing so much as a single note of the great Santana's latest work.  After listening intently to &quot;Supernatural&quot; three times, and reading the raves of others who have, I come away saying &quot;I don't get it.&quot; I am genuinely disappointed by this work.  To be sure, the virtuoso guitar licks of Santana are there, but I find myself struggling to hear them as they are overwhelmed by the over-produced morass of pop based arrangements that fill this CD from first track to last.  The hot, raw energy that has infused so many Santana piece prior to this is missing from the bulk of this CD, when it is present, it sounds left behind and muted.  I can't escape the notion that the producers of this CD sought to use Santana's vast talent as the basis for showcasing more recent artists work of Rob Thomas &amp; Dave Matthews, rather than these newcomers appearing in support of the Masters return. I earnestly hope that if Santana does a follow-up record, he is left alone to do what he does so well: Make great, high energy Rock music.
B00004TL21|5.0|This album is one of the most awesome rock albums out there. This provides new life to genre that is mainly centered around the quasi-rock becomings of Korn and Limp Bizkit. When I purchased the cd, I put it in my cd player  and tried to read a book while listening, but after hearing Feiticeira, I  dropped my book becuase the song just had my mind totally occupied. It's  scary how hypnotizing Chino's vocals are. I mean, the cd is fairly long,  and it seemed much too short after it ended. I know all this sounds like a  little much, but if you buy the album, you'll understand what I mean.
B00004U2GH|5.0|This CD is really a facinating recording.  It is different than other live album I've ever heard; you can feel the emotions and energy that was happening that night.  There is also a personal feeling that comes across  to the listener, as if the The Man in Black is in your living room.  But of  course, it was recorded in a prison, 30 years ago, and is timeless and  flawless.  The same goes for Folsom Prison, so if you get this one, it will  be a matter of days before you'll be back at the store to get more.
B000002IZ4|5.0|I just bought this CD, and I must say that it is one of the best CDs out there. These praises come from songs like &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot; and &quot;Vasoline.&quot; Trust me, if you like grunge, buy this CD, you will not be dissapointed.
0140544518|5.0|For over 200 years we've been told and believed the story of the three poor little pigs and the big bad wolf.  Now it's time for the infamous wolf to tell his side of the story.  He says that all he wanted was to borrow a  cup of sugar to make his dear old granny a birthday cake.  He has a  terrible head cold, but things go from bad to worse.  It ends in the Big  House:  the Pig Pen.  Was he framed?  Big and Bad?  Could be.  Hilarious?   Positively!  Young and old will enjoy this &quot;sequel&quot; to The Three  Little Pigs.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|Rage is one of my favorite bands out right now and a band that should be supported.  They found something alittle better to sing about than driving with the top down, actual issues that people have to deal with. But their  good deeds aside, Battle of Los Angeles was midly disapointed upon the  first lesson.  Three years of waiting is bound to do that to you, but after  a few repeat listens, the cd actual started to grow on me.  This CD leans  more to more of a groove than a kick you in the ass metal sound.  Songs  like Mic Check and Maria sound almost like straight up hip hop if you  forget your listen to a live heavy rock band.  Sleep Now in the Fire is  an excellent track and Guerrilla Radio is classic Rage.  Zack De La Roca  has now progressed ahead of guys like Fred Durst, and Coby Dick from Papa  Roach as far as being a lyricist and a capable emcee.  He's the only one  out of the group of rap and metal bands that I would actually dare to call  an emcee and not some wanna be rapper.  Morello is great as always,  playing one of the most original and eclectic guitars in modern rock.  Timmy C and Brad Wilk seem to be emerging out of Morellos shadow and are  above average.  1 star for a change of pace on some tracks, 1 star for  Morello and 1 star for De La Rocas lyrics and skills as an emcee
0140544518|5.0|For over 200 years we've been told and believed the story of the three poor little pigs and the big bad wolf.  Now it's time for the infamous wolf to tell his side of the story.  He says that all he wanted was to borrow a  cup of sugar to make his dear old granny a birthday cake.  He has a  terrible head cold, but things go from bad to worse.  It ends in the Big  House:  the Pig Pen.  Was he framed?  Big and Bad?  Could be.  Hilarious?   Positively!  Young and old will enjoy this &quot;sequel&quot; to The Three  Little Pigs.
068484267X|2.0|Here's a book which, if it wasn't claimed to be a memoir, would be universally put down as a collection of all the usual trite stereotypes of Irish people and Irish-Americans -- the drunken, maudlin father who spouts  off at the drop of a hat about the IRA, the long-suffering mother with  multiple children who beats her breast at her husband's drinking, the  religious and overbearing aunts, etc. etc. Then there is a supporting cast  of stereotypical Jewish mothers, and Italian grocers, and, well you get the  picture.<br />The author shows a wee a bit of humor (which is why 2 stars  rather than one), but spends most of his time wallowing in self-pity. The  writing is an example of mawkish excess.  No memorable images to speak of  -- Irish men get drunk at funerals, women act catty toward each other,  bureaucrats show indifference.<br />You will read this book, and then not  remember a thing about it a week later.
B00004T9UF|4.0|This is an overall good album, but not eminem`s lyrics made it that good, dr.dre`s beats are again outstanding. Eminem is no real rapper, he can`t be compared to Pac or Biggie. Nevertheless you can`t go wrong with purchasing  this album.
0553213105|5.0|Why is Jane Austen's work so popular even today?  Because she was just the best! This is on my personal top ten list. I've read it at least ten times and probably will read it several times again. It's funny, it's smart, it's  romantic, and Elizabeth Bennett is my all-time favorite fictional heroine.  You can read this book when you're 16 and every ten years after that. All  of Jane Austen's books are good, but this is her best - and a classic that  should be part of every woman's education and every woman's personal  library. It's also proof that a book can have sizzle without any explicit  sex.
B000003S0R|5.0|It must be noted, before everything else, that this is a transition album of Brian Eno's, but one that ended up not completing itself. _Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy)_ is a marvelous look at Eno's waning interest in  subverting &quot;conventional&quot; pop music, and his growing involvement  in his sonic experiments taking on a life of their own. It's not, however,  a reconciliation of the two (that would come later, with _Before and After  Science_), and because of this, this album has the tendancy to grow mildly  repetitive. However, like most other music visionaries, Eno's  &quot;off&quot; days are ultimately more interesting and worthwhile than  the best output of other musicians.<br />_Taking Tiger Mountain_ is the sound  of Eno's shift towards pure experimentalism in music, the particular facets  of which he is elaborating upon are closely related to his Roxy Music roots  and the brilliantly oddball _Here Come the Warm Jets._ Starting with his  next release, he would begin to elaborate on a different side of his past  work--his accompaniment to musicians like Robert Fripp, only without the  &quot;lead&quot; instrumentation. This album was as close as Eno got to  recording a full-blown avant-garde/experimental release. Although those who  enjoy the ridiculousness of _Here Come the Warm_ jets will find this  release to be somewhat more serious, it's not a departure, but an expansion  on certain aural aspects of its precedessor. Nevertheless, for the hardcore  _Warm Jets_ fans, Eno throws in &quot;The True Wheel,&quot; a song that,  with its vocal sound effects and nursery-rhyme campiness, could rival the  posturing of &quot;The Paw-Paw Negro Blowtorch.&quot;<br />As an experimental  album, however, _Taking Tiger Mountain_ is richly rewarding--because in it,  Brian Eno sets the standard for all conceptual-pop releases to follow. Eno  manipulates his free-associative lyrics into stanzas that, although they  state nothing explicitly, seem to be dark and sometimes apocalyptic  (&quot;China My China&quot;). He engages in meta-cognition within the  lyrics (&quot;The fingers fall/To make percussion over solos&quot;  immediately preceeds a rhythm of shakers and spoons played over a guitar  solo). He alludes to the campy lyrical content of his past work, and wends  his way around alliterative labyrinths in very much the same way as the  album's predecessor (&quot;But her sense of taste is such that she'll  distinguish with her tongue the subtleties a spectrograph would  miss&quot;). He can even induce a laugh or two in the process (&quot;I got  the job because I was so mean/While somehow appearing so kind&quot;). The  music doesn't disappoint, either, from the minimalist, baritone  saxophone-driven &quot;The Fat Lady of Limbourg&quot; to the wonderfully  unlistenable &quot;Put a Straw Under Baby&quot;--featuring the Portsmouth  Sinfonia playing a solo in which they cannot maintain the tempo of the song  (and which is out-of-tune, to boot). <br />Given this release, one has to  wonder what Eno would have come up with next, if indeed anything at all, if  he had continued on the same track. Instead, he followed a trail that ended  up with the creation of ambient as a genre of music and the total  alteration of the face of music in general--something that Eno, even at  that early a date, was experiencing for at least the third time.
B000000W5N|5.0|If you are going to buy tow rolling stones records then buy LET IT BLEED and STICKY FINGERS.  They are the most unique and best range of music.  <br />Brown Sugar : Version that gets all the radio play<br />Sway: Great orginal  stones song Mick really sounds good.<br />Wild Hourses:  Another radio  standard version<br />Can't You Hear Me Knock'n : Great Jazz sound with  purcussive riffs, and the tightest drums you will ever hear by Mr. Watts.   A song with more time changes and melodies than you can count on all your  fingers and toes.<br />You Gotta Move is one of the best stones bulls cuts  Mick Jagger was ment to sing blues.<br />B----- Is one of the definative rock  classics Watts and Richards are to good to be true.   A great driving sound  that is full of great riffs and drums.  Number three all time stones song.   <br />I got the blues.  More Great blues<br />Sister Morphine.  Only the stones  could have recorded such a gritty song like this and get away with it.  A  real jem that you don't ever hear on the radio.<br />Dead Flowers.  This is a  stones master piece I alwayes have to listen to this song twice.  Great  acoustic sound.<br />Moon light Mile this is the version that gets a lot of  radio time you have heard it before.
B00000K0DV|1.0|This movie made no sense and the killers voice was irratating he kinda makes you wish he only had one victim!  plus it is outdated, out of sync and not worth the disc it was transferred onto. If you are looking for a  slasher movie look at the recent Scream or I know What You Did Last Summer  movies at least you will have something with class in your collection!
6304458223|5.0|Yeah, I agree with our fellows that viewing in WIDESCREEN is awesome. The only version I've seen is in LD format ( Yes, Laser Disc ). Carroll Ballard's movies has this kind of problem. I don't know why. There's  another of his movie that I wanna see in widescreen format: WIND. As far I  know it has a LD version in that format. Anyway, Carrol Ballard's hand is  very good. The way he does storytelling is very good. It survives even in  full screen.
0425152251|5.0|In these cynical times, it is hard to have a sense of wonder. This is what  Sophie's world aims to restore. But that is not its only function. As a  history of philosophy it is incomparable and it has engaging characters and  a mystery that plays with the fabric of reality... If you like either  fantasy or philosophy then this novel is indispensable.
B000008DA5|4.0|It is frustrating to listen to Smiley Smile, since so many of the songs originated during the sessions for Smile, in much better versions.  It is amazing how the arrangements can change the songs so much.  Songs like Wind  Chimes, Wonderful, and Heroes and Villains are much better in their Smile  versions, found in the Good Vibrations Box Set.  One great song written  just for this album is Getting Hungry, which would fit right in Wild Honey  with it's great organ sound.  <br />Wild Honey is a great, upbeat and fun  album.  This album is noted for its R&amp;B feel, and songs like &quot;Wild  Honey&quot;, &quot;Darlin&quot;, and &quot;Aren't You Glad&quot; are great  songs in that style.  Some of the other highlights, like &quot;Country  Air&quot; and especially &quot;Let The Wind Blow&quot; have beautiful  harmonies not replicated anywhere else on the album.  There is also one  curiosity, &quot;I'd Love Just Once To See You&quot;, which is one of those  songs, like &quot;Busy Doin' Nothing&quot; and &quot;I Went To Sleep&quot;,  that are about nothing in particular, and the song ends with the surprising  line &quot;I'd love just once to see you....in the nude.&quot;  <br />This  twofer does contain great music, and considering how short both of the  albums are, it's better off buying the twofer instead of the individual  albums.  Despite its flaws, Smiley Smile is a quite interesting listen.   And Wild Honey is a must have for Beach Boys fans.
0767903854|5.0|Well, what a joy this book is!  This, in my view, is Bryson's most  skillful blend of anecdote, humor and history to date. He has, in this  book,  contained what I feel was a weakness for him - an earlier tendency  to lurch into adolescent bawdiness - and has penned a consistently  interesting (in fact, fascinating) running monologue of his exploits down  under.     Bryson, I believe, is deceptively gifted and skilled. That is to  say when you finish any of his highly readable, enormously likable books  there is a tendency to say &quot;Gosh, I bet I could write a book like  that,&quot; when, in fact, nothing could be further from the truth.  Bryson's perceptiveness, wry humor and disheveled cleverness bring alive  experiences that if recounted by virtually any other author would be  rendered as lifeless, flat, dull text. His cynical yet lovable observations  and unique takes on even the most mundane of events make many, many  passages memorable and almost every single page an enjoyable experience.     I have done a great deal of reading in my day and only four authors make me  laugh out loud. They are Dave Barry, Woody Allen, Dave Baur and...Bill  Bryson.  I literally had to stop bringing his books to a favorite lunchtime  restaurant for fear of projectile chortling side orders of Melba Toast onto  the tables of a nearby unsuspecting patrons. Did I mention he finally  curbed his tendency toward tangential adolescent forays?
0451196716|5.0|I'm not going to lie, from the first page to the last is all about one  thing, walking. This isn't a book that wisks you away to exotic locales,  high adventure and what not. It's a story about a boy in a walking race  with 99 other young men. The book revolves around how these people deal  with each other knowing only one of them can win the race, and live. Would  you make friends with them to pass the time? Knowing that only one of you  is walking away from it? Listen to their sob stories about why they need to  win? With your life on the line, can you afford that distraction? That is  what this book is all about, and it's fantastic. Easily one of King's best
B000002OOY|5.0|When I first listened to the soundtrack, it seemed like it was only renditions of the Jurassic Park theme.  After listening to it again, I was able to understand it and like it.  Be warned, the Jurassic Park theme on  track 3 is very catchy.  It is used many times throughout the soundtrack  but never enough to became boring.  The cues with the raptors are chilling,  a relentless sounding phrase, fitting their personality.  Keep the lights  on and close the doors: the dinosaurs are back!
B00004THAY|5.0|What are you kidding at me?  This disc moves hips like no other will, 'nuff said.  B.B. and Eric are masters, no question, and together their unbelievable talent is actually heightened.  Sure, there are a few weak  tracks that don't quite get ya moving like others will, but you get past  them, and there's no question that the version of &quot;Hold On I'm  Coming&quot; found on this track is the best there is period.  To make it  short and sweet, there's so much on this CD in the way of quality and joy  that you'll easily overlook the small and very few rough spots.  An  essential for fans of either artist, and for people who just like good  music in general.
B00003Q43A|4.0|I have to agree with another reviwer who said that he thought the DVD was put together sloppily. I also have problems running the film in my DVD player. The added stuff in the Special Edition part wants to repeat itself  several times. Some scenes seem to get cut off because of it and one scene  is not even there. There are 2 chapters that are the same scene. One of  them is supposed to be one of the added scenes.<br />I took my copy back to  the store and exchanged it for another one, but it has the same  problems.<br />Has anyone else suffered from these problems?<br />This is very  disappointing.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I first saw this movie in France and absolutely fell in love with it.  I live in the states and when I rented it in the U.S. I could not understand why Eric Serra's soundtrak was not used and why they cut out so many scenes  and changed the ending (what a bad call! ).  I strongly recommend to all  Americans who saw the American version to do yourselves a favor and buy the  DVD Director's Cut(Version Longue).  It's a completely different movie (so  to speak).  This is definitely my all time favorite movie, and am ecstatic  to have it on DVD.  Yeahhh!   Thanks to Amazon the Americans will finally  have their chance to own a phenominal movie!
B000002UKS|5.0|This is by far the best album Dave and the gang has put out, and one of the best albums in the past decade, if not two decades....or EVER for that matter. The songs are quite different from one another.  You may not think  so the first time around, but give it another listen or 2 and you'll know  what I mean.  Also, the emotion that is put out on this album is probably  the most intense I've seen from a band.  You can even hear the emotion in  the instruments, not just Dave's voice and lyrics. My personal favorite  song, and one of my favorite songs of all time, is &quot;Everlong&quot;.   The lyrics are so beautiful and heartfelt, and even behind the fast paced  rhythm, you can still actually Hear Dave's heart speaking out.  I can't say  enough about that tune....but anyway, other great songs, besides the  obvious radio and MTV hits are &quot;February Stars&quot;, &quot;Up In  Arms&quot;, and &quot;New Way Home&quot;, which is an outstanding way to  end the album.  So if you're looking for an album that you never want to  have to take out of your player, and wondering where all those flawless  albums went, this is Definitely the album for you.
B00004U45G|2.0|Yeah, yeah...I know everyone has been raving about this CD.   But personally, I'd rather have live versions of Crowes tunes than &quot;Crowes do Zeppelin&quot;.<br />Of course it sounds great...the guys are amazing  musicians after all.   But I'm MUCH more interested in hearing some BC  stuff than tired Zep tunes.  <br />If you want Zep, get their boxed set, just  don't forget that the Crowes have PLENTY of their OWN great songs that you  should look into.<br />Save your $$ for THEIR next CD!
B00003Q43A|4.0|OK, so Independence Day is not logical, believeable, or even possible - and the USA:s belief that they are the real world police, and the only ones that can save the world from itself and others - is just pathetic! Just  like many other movies that has come out, are not made for anyone els then  the american audience, and for us european it´s just another reason to  laugh at america!<br />But this movie is not really about that, and if you can  put aside all the plot holes, bad acting and save the world nonsence, this  is a great movie. It´s a two hous long comercial for specialeffects - and  it works! Just try to keep in mind that this movie was made for 14 year  olds, and you´ll see that this is truly fun!
0783225881|5.0|Here's a wonderful movie for all those people who complain that &quot;they don't 'em like they used to&quot;, a sentimental, inspiring fable about an ordinary man who achieves quiet grace through love and faith.  This is  exactly the type of affirming and upliftingly American story that Capra  would have filmed in his heyday with Gary Cooper in the Mr. Deeds/John Doe  &quot;Everyman&quot; role here played so effectively by Kevin Costner.  Costner is ably supported by Ray Liotta, Timothy Busfield and the great  James Earl Jones; there's also a touchingly effective performance by Burt  Lancaster, who masterfully creates a beautiful and complete  characterization in just a few short scenes.  Only Amy Madigan seemed to me  a little out of key; she comes off as too intensely strident in a couple of  moments, although overall she's fine as Costner's supportive and capable  wife.<br />The Universal Collector's edition DVD is a pleasure to watch,  thanks to an immaculately clean and sharp film-to-video transfer, and the  wealth of extras on the disc.  Particularly enjoyable was the documentary  on the making of the film; it offered some interesting insights into the  &quot;magic&quot; of visual effects, and the pressures of filmmaking in  general.  Here's a lovely presentation of a genuinely sweet and heartfelt  film that's almost guaranteed to leave a lump in your throat and a tear in  your eye.  Curl up and enjoy!
B000006ZWD|5.0|Before the release of 'TWM', most US listeners had never heard of the funky Brit group Jamiroquai.  This refined , tight album finally brought the group some of the credit it deserved stateside.  Though somewhat more  commercial than their previous two albums, Jamiroquai's latest effort still  had a unique flow and showed meticulous precision and musicianship.   The  slick, mature string arrangements really shaped songs like 'Virtual  Insanity' and the sleeper 'Everyday,' a cool, Motown-esque groove.  The  driving bass of the title track also stands out (yeah SZ!), along with the  energy and funkability of 'High Times.'  An great record from any point of  view.
B00004RHZU|4.0|I don't know why so many people are describing each individual song, it's just a waste of space. Anyway, this is a really good debut from LaFace R&amp;B singer Pink. I was drawn into her unique, appealing style and  image. She's real and, most importantly, you can feel her. She's talent and  has a great voice... it's very gritty and edgy on her upbeat songs, and  soulful and romantic on her ballads - &quot;Stop Falling&quot; and  &quot;Love Is Such A Crazy Thing&quot;. Her beats are very hip-hop  inspired, with production by LA Reid and Babyface it's no wonder. Top work  includes her big radio hit &quot;There You Go&quot; which is kind of  getting played out now, but by far the most daring and interesting song is  her opening track &quot;Split Personality.&quot; This is a very smooth,  upbeat mix of gospel, R&amp;B and something I can't put my finger on. But  it's such a great song. In it, she says &quot;Everybody's got insanities,  me, I've got a split personality...&quot;. It's crazy. I also enjoyed  &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot; - this has a heavy hip-hop sound like Missy  Elliott or TLC - &quot;Hiccup&quot; and &quot;Is It Love.&quot; Pink is  very open in some of her songs and in one she mentions to her father how  she met a guy and lost her virginity. It's really in-your-face. She's a  very in-your-face singer, of course. Some songs suffer from unoriginality  (for example, I can't tell the difference between &quot;Hell Wit Ya&quot;  and &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot;) but the majority I promise are  fantastic. This CD is fine work and it appeals to everyone. Teen girls will  like the R&amp;B grooves and love songs, boys and men will like the hip-hop  tracks and hard-edge lyrics, and what not. Pink is going to stay around for  a while.
B00000JHAU|2.0|I bought this CD because I thought I should get acquainted with the music of B&amp;S. Schwing! The miracle of these guys is that they've managed to convert lithium to audio format. There are no highs. There are no lows.  It's all blandly uniform ear-custard. B&amp;S is guaranteed to be  comfortable, fuzzy and ultra-familiar. How depressing! For more details and  accurate observations, see the review written by Eduardo Alba.
6304539258|4.0|I like the first half of this movie, and kinda lose interest in the other half. I lose interest mainly after Luke, Solo, Leia and the droids get away from the Death Star. The opening war on the princess' ship is really good  and Darth Vader's first impression on us is very good (he manages to mildly  scare us). From then on all the scenes on Tatooine are cool (and sad when  Luke's Aunt and Uncle are killed). I love Luke's ironic line to Ben when  the old Jedi tells him &quot;You'll have to sell your speeder.&quot; Luke  says &quot;That's OK, I'm never coming back here again.&quot; INDEED. I  wonder if he remembered that remark when he went back there in &quot;Return  of the Jedi&quot; to rescue Solo. All in all, I like the Special Edition  version better. The new scene with Jabba doesn't help, because Jabba's new  computer image looks stupid next to his evil image in the last movie. I do  like the scene with Biggs they added. I also like the neat special effects  they added to Tatooine (it reminds me of the Tatooine I liked off  &quot;Phantom Menace&quot;) and they really spruced up the fight with the  Death Star in the end. I would recommend you watch the Special Edition just  for this first episode in the Trilogy. The others look good in Special  Edition or original.
0060920386|5.0|The book holds a well written story as well as many lessons for future  business leaders.
059035342X|5.0|Harry potter and The Sorcerer's Stone is a great book.JK Rowling has  a talent and should keep up these great books.Harry lives a dull life untill he gets the letter to go to Hogwarts the school of witchcraft  ans  wizardy.He finds himself in a magical place having fun.
B00003CX6P|3.0|The complex issue of identity is a good place to start a screenplay.  Everyone trying to be someone else is an interesting human trait, but....  As Mr. Ripley attempts to become someone else I found that I didn't  especially feel any empathy for his character, nor did I feel any for any  of the others!  As people start dying, it was no big deal because I didn't  care for their characters any more than Ripley!  As the movie progressed it  had already made its point early on and the last 45 minutes seemed like  hours.  This is a beautifully filmed effort, but if you don't care about  the characters and their plight, then the movie ultimately fails.  The  screenplay, it seems to me, is extremely and falsely praised by critics.
B00000IN5G|5.0|Those of who u r already in this page, I am assuming u know who is COB! My impression about this ablum is their vocal is more mature now, songs are catch as hell, twin guiter harmonizing, simply awesome, and the brutality of JASKA. I have noticed 1 thing, Jaska's skills on drums, manoman, he  gives lots of rolling while delivering the Double bass attack. Typical  brutal band like this stay at the same beat, so thats kool. Guiters are  very melodious, u have to have emotion guys, this ain't no typical death  metal and its in the finest blend of composition, lyrics, and all.
B00003CX6P|3.0|The complex issue of identity is a good place to start a screenplay.  Everyone trying to be someone else is an interesting human trait, but....  As Mr. Ripley attempts to become someone else I found that I didn't  especially feel any empathy for his character, nor did I feel any for any  of the others!  As people start dying, it was no big deal because I didn't  care for their characters any more than Ripley!  As the movie progressed it  had already made its point early on and the last 45 minutes seemed like  hours.  This is a beautifully filmed effort, but if you don't care about  the characters and their plight, then the movie ultimately fails.  The  screenplay, it seems to me, is extremely and falsely praised by critics.
0440234743|4.0|Great book!  It took me no time to read it because it was easy to read.  I  liked the story line, the character and the settings.  I would recommend  this book to anyone.
B00003CWOL|5.0|This comedy beats out other great comedies of 1999 like Man On The Moon, and South Park: The Movie. The writer is great, and the direction is cool. The story is one of the best in years. Jason Mewes deserves an award for  his role in this movie (although that is not uncommon for he was great in  Mallrats too!).  Ths film is just great, and in no way does it mean to  insult the Catholic church, i belive that even very religious people can  enjoy this film on its accurate depections of the stories, and its new age  twists. <br />Video God
B00000JZI9|5.0|Despite being put off by the endless 80's whining and angst of Kasden's Big Chill I gave Silverado a chance based on good word-of-mouth.  What an epic.  It grabs you at the beginning with the basecleff rumbling of an old  saloon upright piano and hurls you into a grand, sweeping vista.  All this  just after an ambush that seems to have the sound and editing crispness of  Shane.  The cast is the best ensemble I have ever seen.  Period.  Brian  Dennahey, Kevin Kline, and Linda Hunt are standouts.  I really enjoyed  Kevin Costner's debut as an ADHD young gun, and John Cleese was a pleasent  surprise.  The clearcut good-versus-evil storyline is well told, well  directed and the sets and costuming are authentic.  You will enjoy this  movie if you ignore the fact that 1) females are purely background  characters (with the exception of Linda Hunt,who steals every scene she's  in) and  2) this is no 1990's politically-correct, retelling of the western  fable.  It's absolutely a classic.
6305892946|3.0|This movie, SCREAM 3, was good, but not great. The plot of the story was hard to follow, the lines were repeated about 5 times, and it was boring. But, there were some scenes that made you laugh a lot. But, if I had to  rate the SCREAM trilogy, the first would come first, second second, and  third third. But hey, what do I know.
B00004THAY|3.0|I really wanted this to be a good album. I think a lot of reviewers are in denial. I love BB and Eric as much as anyone; I love their other albums. In my opinion, however, this album is full of standard-fare blues you can hear  at any good blues bar. Yes, the artists are great. But the songs here are  full of lyrics that sound like they were made up extemporaneously. I guess  I like more basic blues, too. This blues is really full of background  accompaniment and nowhere near the kind of basic blues on BB's classic  albums. A weak album by great artists.
0425170349|5.0|This book was full of suspence and over all a great book.
B00003CWLE|5.0|Since I am a Deaf person who has to wait for the movies to come out on video, I could hardly wait for this one to come out. I read the biography of Anna when I was a young woman and was very impressed with her courage. Though of course I enjoyed the musical when I had more hearing, this video is closer to the reality of the story, the times and politics which were involved in the colonization of the Far East by France, England, and eventually the US. It may not be the happy story everyone prefers to think of, but it is a story of courage and learning on both sides of the equation. To an extent this movie may have blown up the story between Anna and the King of Siam...we don't know what they felt for each other besides great respect, and it is ridiculous to speculate on it. However, the cholera rampant in that area during monsoon season is still a reality in many places, and the sympathy between the characters is probably real. I thoroughly enjoyed the beauty of Malaysia where this was filmed, and though it was a different part for Jodie Foster to play, I felt she handled it well. Reality in life I guess, isn't what the masses want. I would suggest those who were disappointed in this realistic version of the story in comparison to the musical with Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner go find the original book written about her in the library and read it. I thought this was a great and educated movie. Karen Sadler, Science Education, University of Pittsburgh
630588255X|5.0|For its time, this movie was very very daring, and even if this film came out today, it would be very controversial to a wide audience.  This move asks us to put aside all the things and &quot;rules&quot; society has  taught us about love.  It's obvoious theme is that love and friendship can  span across all ages, even 65 years past.<br />This movie has great character  development, especially with Harold, who has some major changes as the film  goes by.  There is also a dash of dark humor.<br />Even though the movie is  great, the DVD is very sub-par, only featureing a couple of trailers.  Still, this movie is Highly Reccomended, I wish I could say the same about  the DVD...
1577311523|5.0|I won't repeat all of the wonderful things about this book that other  reviewers have said.  Suffice it to say that I agree with them.  I did want  to point out that this book is very easy to read.  Many books I have read  about spirituality are poorly written and difficult to understand.  This is  not one of them.  The simplicity of Tolle's message rings with truth.  This  book can change your life.
B00004R99F|5.0|Well this movie came to a big suprise.  I'll admit it, I'm 20 years old, and I LOVE this movie.  Most family films tend to have shallow scripts, and mindless slapstick that are just meant to entertain insted of entrall, this  movie is so much better than that.  This movie illustrates best how  unconfortable it can sometimes be to grow up when you're a teenager.  And,  most importantly, this movie shows us a honest story about the relationship  between a father and a teenage son.  Like in all good stories, the  characters in this movie go on a physical and mental journey.  Honest  situations and true-to-life characters (other than the fact that they are  talking dogs) make this very enjoyable.  <br />Unfortunately the DVD is almost  featureless, and doesn't even have widescreen.<br />It claimes to reccomended  for all ages, and it's right.  This is truely something everyone can enjoy.   Most Highly Reccomended.
B000001GK9|5.0|The problem with Karajan was that he insisted on combing his hair upwards.
B00004R99F|5.0|Well this movie came to a big suprise.  I'll admit it, I'm 20 years old, and I LOVE this movie.  Most family films tend to have shallow scripts, and mindless slapstick that are just meant to entertain insted of entrall, this  movie is so much better than that.  This movie illustrates best how  unconfortable it can sometimes be to grow up when you're a teenager.  And,  most importantly, this movie shows us a honest story about the relationship  between a father and a teenage son.  Like in all good stories, the  characters in this movie go on a physical and mental journey.  Honest  situations and true-to-life characters (other than the fact that they are  talking dogs) make this very enjoyable.  <br />Unfortunately the DVD is almost  featureless, and doesn't even have widescreen.<br />It claimes to reccomended  for all ages, and it's right.  This is truely something everyone can enjoy.   Most Highly Reccomended.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Nice CD. Personally, I didn't enjoy it as much as the debutalbum, but it's still good to listen to- so long as you're wanting acatchy beat, not a meaningful song. &quot;Dear Diary&quot; is definitely the low point of the album, at least in my opinion, simply because it's too sugary-pop, even for the genre. Tracks like &quot;Oops..&quot;, and &quot;What U See (Is What U Get)&quot; start to sound alike after a while, but they're still really good songs that give you something to dance to.   The best song on the CD, I think, is &quot;Where Are You Now&quot;. It's a bit too slow, but still very lovely, and effectively shows off Britney's vocal talent that never really has a chance to show itself with the massive pop editing with the other songs on the album. Another runner-up would be &quot;Lucky&quot; - Has a sort of 50s feel to it, decent lyrics, and a nice beat, as well as not being overpowering with the music itself; It lets Britney, again, show that there's more to her voice than what we're being allowed to hear.   Being completely objective (I'm not a fan of any one particular genre- after all, my CD collection runs the gamut from Pantera to The Carpenters), I would have to say that if you're looking for something with a beat and something to make you feel good, with a &quot;Crazy&quot;-ish flavor, then this album is definitely for you.
078324228X|5.0|What happens when you mix:  A great script, a heartbreaking and epic true story, and the best acting of Denzel Washington's career...  Well here it is.<br />This movie is the true story of a boxer who was wrongly imprisioned  based on race descrimination.  In prision, he spends a big chunk of his  life.  With the help of a young man, and three Canadian activists, Rubin  &quot;The Hurricane&quot; Carter is once again brought to trial.  The young  man and his friends are on a mission to set the Hurricane free.<br />This  movie is a pure example of fine storytelling, which is all a movie needs to  be down-right great.  There are no special effects here, or fast paced  editing, just a serious heartwarming story that is hard not to enjoy.  Plus  with the DVD you get an EXTENSIVE list of features.<br />The Hurricane said  it best:  &quot;Hate got me in here, love is gonna bust me out.&quot;  Most  Highly Reccomended.
B00000FZQ8|4.0|&quot;Silent Running&quot; hasn't taken a place in film history aside such science fiction classics as &quot;Star Wars,&quot; &quot;2001,&quot; or &quot;Planet of the Apes.&quot;  No great injustice is implied there; the  movie probably doesn't deserve to be ranked as a classic.  Still,  &quot;Silent Running&quot; is visually gripping (even without benefit of  today's state-of-the-art special effects),thought-provoking, and  entertaining. Thanks to the efforts of Bruce Dern (who took a remarkably  effective turn from his then usual role as a wild-eyed villan) and Douglas  Trumbull, &quot;Silent Running&quot; endures as one of the key science  fiction films of the 70's, one that brought increased credibility to the  genre.<br />Oh yeah, and the movie offered the only Joan Baez music I've ever  really liked.
B00004R99F|5.0|Well this movie came to a big suprise.  I'll admit it, I'm 20 years old, and I LOVE this movie.  Most family films tend to have shallow scripts, and mindless slapstick that are just meant to entertain insted of entrall, this  movie is so much better than that.  This movie illustrates best how  unconfortable it can sometimes be to grow up when you're a teenager.  And,  most importantly, this movie shows us a honest story about the relationship  between a father and a teenage son.  Like in all good stories, the  characters in this movie go on a physical and mental journey.  Honest  situations and true-to-life characters (other than the fact that they are  talking dogs) make this very enjoyable.<br />Unfortunately the DVD is almost  featureless, and doesn't even have widescreen.<br />It claimes to reccomended  for all ages, and it's right.  This is truely something everyone can enjoy.  Most Highly Reccomended.
6305903182|3.0|If anyone knows how to get wes craven's commentary for the entire movie not just deleted scenes please tell me in a review. also where is the creed video
B00003Q43A|5.0|They better becareful in the white House.  Lemme just say how great this DVD was.  It's enjoyable from start to finish.  That's about all.  Go out and buy this if youre a scifi fan at all. take care.
B00000IN5G|5.0|The speed and swirl of this music is mind-boggling.  A nice change from some of the slower death/black/thrash metal we've been hearing, but it may be TOO upbeat for some, if you can believe that.  Not for me, though--this is a fine, fine effort.  I'd like to discover where the bank members wound  up after COB broke up.  Any ideas?
B00000JCB2|4.0|Alright, I read some of the degrading reviews for this album, and I do have respect for them.  I understand that these are opinions, and that's cool with me, but also understand that for lots of people, especially  teenagers, if I do say so myself, it's fun, loud, raw music that does,  believe it or not, have a message.  Yeah, bad-boy lyrics don't necessarily  go the mile by themselves, but Limp Bizkit's Significant Other is a CD my  friends and I enjoy popping in the CD player now and then, and it's not  because of the image.  It's because we like it.  You're right, it doesn't  necessarily have a positive message.  But even if Fred Durst has done his  fair share of jail time, he's got something to say, just like everybody  else.  And some of us actually like to listen.
B000006CCG|5.0|If you do not own this cd, I would strongly suggest you get it now!   Blckie and the boys at their best!
0790729342|4.0|Mad Max is the series that will forever be known for launching Mel Gibson's fantastic career.  Two of the films in the series, The Road Warrior and Beyond Thunderdome, are among is his five best as they create  action sequences that are simply exciting and complex societies and scenery  that are true visions to behold.<br />The Road Warrior is considered the best  of the series (Beyond Thunderdome is just as good in my opinion) and the  best post-apocalyptic film in history.  Of course, when you think of the  latter comment, such films as Waterworld and The Postman come to mind.   Those were true turkeys that had no idea how to execute good ideas and  premises.  The Road Warrior doesn't make that mistake and what results is  the ultimate low budget action film, greater than even James Cameron's The  Terminator and outpacing almost every chase film in history.<br />The plot of  the film is in the near future in the outback of Australia, where society  has crumbled due to an apocalyptic war and the survivors must struggle  against one another.  One such man is Max (Mel Gibson), a loner after his  wife and child were killed by a gang.  Now, he wanders around the deserts  in his car with his dog, searching for gasoline, a commodity that has  become all too precious in this time period.<br />He encounters a small fort  of people who seem to have a very large suppy of fuel.  All they want to do  is leave the desert and start civilization over in a more comfortable  setting. Of course, the large fuel supply obviously causes trouble for  them.  A gang called the Humungus, led by Lord Humungus (a vicious man in a  hockey mask),  want the fuel and will do whatever is necessary to  accomplish that task.<br />Max notices the danger and strikes a deal with the  people of the fort.  Let him haul in a vehicle that can hold the gasoline  and in return he gets his vehicle back with a good supply of fuel.  This  leads to some of the most exciting chases in film history, along with afinale that must be seen to be believed.<br />There are so many things that  work during the action sequences.  George Miller directs each chase with  relentless speed and carnage, Brian May's pulse-pounding score adds to the  excitement, and Mel Gibson's terrific performance gives us a hero to truly  root for.<br />This is a film where everything best is saved for last.  The  best chase in the film-and one of the best in film history-involves the  entire Humungus gang chasing Max as he drives the truck with the tanker of  gas down a one lane highway.  It's a fifteen minute chase that holds  nothing back and the result is spectacular.  There are even a couple of  surprises at the end that bear a certain irony.<br />One thing I can say that  is consistent within the Mad Max films is a perfect final scene.  Mad Max's  final scene left a feeling of emptiness and despair.  The Road Warrior's  final reels give a feeling that humanity still has a sense of dignity left.
B000007T1M|3.0|Don't get me wrong this is a good album, but everyone reveiwing it is claiming they are so original because they do not sound like, Korn and so on.  The reason I am giving this band only three stars is because I do not  think they are original at all.  This album sounds an awful lot like Faith  no More, esp  the KFADFFAL release.
6303972810|5.0|That this movie could be considered anything less than five stars is unbelievable to me. Having first seen it when I was eight, I have since revisited it and discovered a wealth of wit, fun, and imagination that sets  it apart from so very many movies. Each time I see it, I become aware of a  whole new set of subtleties, and enjoy the experience even more than the  last. It is clearly the best movie of the fantasy genre that I have seen,  with a clever and enticing plot, some very fine imagery, fabulous  direction, and a wit that prevents it from taking itself too seriously. It  is always a pleasure to watch.<br />Most importantly, it avoids all the  pitfalls that plague the fantasy genre in movies, consistently different  from and better than the stereotypical &quot;Kull the Conqueror&quot; hack  and slash flicks. It is executed with enough intelligence, skill, sense of  humour and imagination to appeal to any viewers, regardless of their  preferred genre, and is, in my opinion, a truly great film.<br />Willow is to  Fantasy Movies what The Lord of the Rings is to the sea of bubble gum  fantasy/sci-fi novels: clearly more intelligent, and more refined, a  classic that stands alone not as a work of fantasy but as a landmark  contribution to a world of literature/film.
B000002P86|4.0|On this CD, BB King brings in many of the people he influenced to remake many of his classics. As one reviewer mentioned, it really is not the true blues that many people have come to love from BB, but that is not all bad.  Just look at this list of names he teams with: Eric Clapton, Tracy Chapman,  Willie Nelson, The Rolling Stones, Bonnie Raitt. This is an impressive list  and they do a good job with the King Of The Blues.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|In my previous review, I stated that although the package says there are four multi-angle songs, I said that there were only two (you can find only two of them under the &quot;Angles&quot; Menu, &quot;Of Wolf And Man&quot;  and &quot;Sad But True&quot;).  Well, it turns out that the package was  right.  There are two additional ones which are NOT under the  &quot;Angles&quot; Menu (in fact, they're hidden:  &quot;Fuel&quot; and  &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;).  The only way to access the multi-angle feature  to those songs is to access the multi-angle control feature on your DVD  player or DVD-ROM program (I did, and it worked for me!).  All you have to  do is choose an angle number, and the program will focus in on whichever  member you happen to choose (James, Kirk, Lars, or Jason).  It should work.  Hope this helps!
B000002GI0|5.0|The title track to this CD is possibly the best song that Hiatt has ever done. &quot;Drive South&quot; &quot;Tennessee Plates&quot; and &quot;Trudy And Dave&quot; are also good songs. In reality, there is not a bad song on  this disc. It is one every serious rock listener should have.
B000000W3G|3.0|The songs in this set are the singles from Melon Collie and the left over stuff that did not make it to that album. The singles are good, but the other stuff is just not that impressive. Covers of The Cars, Missing  Persons, and Alice Cooper do not help that much. The packaging is very cool  for those of us who remember the old 45 carrying cases. The booklet is OK,  nothing really fancy. Overall, it just did not impress me that much. If  it's the singles you want, get Melon Collie and leave this behind.
630516889X|3.0|There is no doubt about it: the idea behind this movie is thought-provoking, interesting, and original.  The story itself is very interesting to think about...and it is scary.  <br />The only problem I had  with this movie was how they ruined such a great idea.  There was simply no  suspense in the movie whatsoever, and the movie just got stupid at some  points.  It wasn't scary at all to watch, although (as I mentioned earlier)  just the idea of an invisible savage alien creature brutally killing your  buddies is frightening. <br />The second half of the movie was just plain bad-  especially the ending.  It didn't really carry that well, and it was just  all very silly.  <br />In conclusion, this movie pretty much ruins an ingenius  idea.  This is definitely not one of John McTiernan's best works.  His  directing in Die Hard and The Hunt for Red October was much better.  The  bottom line: rent this movie but don't spend ten to twenty dollars buying  it.
158234082X|5.0|Look, children of the vulgar language aversion, grow up!  I am a Southern suburban housewife  and I have to tell y'all, the language didn't offend ME.  Some grown ups DO talk this way.  Those of you with overly-delicate sensibilities need not apply yourselves to this book.  I, however, loved  it.  I have been in the distant past, a waitron in an area of my state that  I refer to as Le Boondocks.  And even in a house that sat 80 on a packed  night mostly for appetizers, you still did NOT get Sunday church social  language.  And I hid towels myself as I did a teeny bit of prep work in the  walk-in (never behind the line..never...never) And I ask you women (and  men) who have ever had to cook for more than the usual family members  (Thanksgiving springs to mind) in a hurry to get it all on the table, at  the same time, hot, for a special occasion if YOUR language would hold up  to School Board scrutiny.  I think not.  The book was entertaining, the  tips were informative, and those of you remarking that Tony Bourdain is  saying all kitchens are like his were PAYING MORE ATTENTION TO THE TYPOS  THAN THE TEXT!  Recall the story re: Scott Bryan's kitchen and others?    Sigh. I don't have a single problem with Tony's Popeye attitude &quot;I am  what I am and that's all that I am&quot;.  Most professional cooks are  craftsmen with an artistic temperment.  A healthy portion of ego keeps them  giving a rat's about what goes on the plate that you are paying $100.00 to  eat, oui?  I certainly don't want to eat food that is being prepared by  someone who doesn't give a damn...
B00004STPT|4.0|i personally think this is a great soundtrack.  contain lots of great music; the tpye which you don't often hear nowadays.  helps me to remember 'the gladiator' which is one of my fav. movies of the year.  the last track  by lisa gerrard is especially rousing, rounds off the movie with a sort of  modern touch.  giving the 'gladiator' wonderful combination of age-old  antiquity and cotemporary/nwe age feel.  not very good for late-night  listening though, the tracks for the battle and and fight scenes may keep  your adrenaline pumping all night long!
0767821769|5.0|Stepmom is definitely NOT your usual cliche'd movie about divorce and how it affects the children involved; it's MUCH, MUCH more!  Emotions run high throughout the film and the bitter tension, jealousy, and friction between  the characters is so strong it's almost palpable!  The acting in this movie  is excellent; the dialogue is so believable, that you almost feel like  you're evesdropping on real people's lives!  My opinion?  If you haven't  seen this movie yet - you REALLY, REALLY should!  (Just be sure to have a  box of tissues handy.  You're going to need them)!
0812550706|4.0|I picked up this book having read previously only one other Orson Scott  Card novel, Enchantment.  Needless to say I didn't know what to expect.   Ender's Game is a classic, recommended or at least faintly praised by most  science fiction fans that I know.  I can easily see why.  The concept is  good food for thought: what if children were trained to fight our wars for  us?  Card explores this idea skill to a large extent, though perhaps not  completely.  Ender is a convincing character, and I do plan on following  his adventures in Speaker.  <br />I have heard that Ender's Game was  originally a novella.  I can see very easily how it would have been a more  effective book if shortened-- by the time the climax comes, it's just not  as exciting as the events leading up to it would warrant.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is simply the best Iron Maiden album - EVER.  The vocals, the playing &amp; the production.  I really havent listened to much metal since the late 80's, but after listening to this CD all of my Maiden CD's are off the  shelf.  If you enjoy listening to good music pick up this CD, if you were  crazy about Iron Maiden back in the day you MUST get this.  UP THE IRONS!    WEST HAM RULES!
6305903182|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS WONDERFUL THE PLOT WAS GREAT THE CAST WAS GREAT.IT WAS A SHAME TO SEE LIEV SCHRIVER DIE SO SOON INTO THE MOVIE.I LOVED THE SCARY SCENES THAT MAKE YOU JUMP THROUGHOUT THE MOVIE
B000002KDB|5.0|Although this wasn't my first introduction to Emmylou (first hearing her harmonize with Linda Ronstadt on her HEART LIKE A WHEEL album) it was my first time I heard her singing solo.  It was because of this album that  Emmylou has remained my favorite musical artist for over 25 years now.   Listening to it after all this time gives me the same thrill as it did in  1975 when I first heard it and knew I had to see this singer in concert  ASAP, which I did that same year.  <br />My favorite cut, is without a doubt,  BOULDER TO BIRMINGHAM since it's also my all-time favorite Emmylou song.    My least favorite is probably FOR NO ONE and perhaps for no particular  reason other than I never was a big Beatles fan and this always reminds me  of the Beatles.  I do like THE BOTTLE LET ME DOWN but then I'm a big Merle  Haggard fan so there you go.<br />I love Herb Pedersen's harmonies on IF I CAN  ONLY WIN YOUR LOVE, making it another favorite cut.  BEFORE BELIEVING is  also a favorite as is SLEEPLESS NIGHTS.  The others, BLUEBIRD WINE, COAT OF  MANY COLORS, QUEEN OF THE SILVER DOLLAR although enjoyable fit somewhere in  the middle.  TOO FAR  GONE fits somewhere between the favorites and the  middle.  <br />What strikes me most on this early album is the way her voice  hasn't changed that much. Her voice is so pristine in this album and  although I do note a grittiness in her voice not there previously, her  voice is still strong and so distinctive.<br />Ranking of this on my favorite  Emmylou CDs?  Probably #1.  Probably because of BOULDER TO BIRMINGHAM and  IF I CAN ONLY WIN YOUR LOVE but because it struck me so emotionally the  first time I ever heard it.  And also likely because the first two of three  times I saw Emmylou in concert this was the only album she had out so these  songs are indelibly etched in my brain. Anyway, this album is a MUST if  you're a true Emmylou fan.
B000001Y79|5.0|Back when I was in the 7th grade (I'm 16 now) this was the CD to have.  Even if you didn't have it, you'd heard it many times.  Suprisingly, I still listen to this album a good amount.  My favorite song is probably  Sixteen.  Most of the songs are good, but I don't really like the Climb.   Don't Speak is pretty good, but I think it's way overrated.  I guess the CD  is slighty ska, but I'd call it more pop-rock.  I usually don't like female  singers, but Gwen's awesome!
B00003CWLE|5.0|You think Chow Yun-Fat's performance is a surprise? No no no... that is just himself. He is as charming as he always is! Forget about those stupid action movies Chow Yun-fat, this is where you belong: a serious, glorious  drama, with an actress who has the talent to compete with yours. But,  *sigh*, how many roles like this can you get in Hollywood? You are so much  more than an action star(oh common!), you were the king of the show biz  remember? Now you finally got a role you deserve in Hollywood. What now?  <br />This king makes the king in the Musical like a child. Don't get me wrong  I really enjoy the Musical! But you gotta admit the movie &quot;Anna and  the King&quot; goes much deeper...<br />I am not sure how people draw line  between movie and history. I mean I would be angry if the history of my  country is distorted, so I understand why this movie upsets some people.  But it is such a beautiful, moving, passionate movie. I don't really know  where the line should be drawn...
B000002LMK|4.0|Each time I think about Neil Young, I automatically recall the soft (comparatively) Southern California rock sound of `Cinnamon Girl.' I guess that's because it was the first Neil Young radio single to catch my  attention. I forget (briefly) about the the time that he was a 40-year old  teenage tortured-guitar roughneck who got together with two old buddies and  blasted his way through some old and some new songs.<br />Ragged Glory is  severe and foot-stomping: filled with tough driving heavy rockers with fuzz  bass and Young's electric thrashing and wailing lead guitar. Young's style  is so crude, he can do \\"heavy metal\\" with an acoustic guitar. The more  menacing and ominous stuff includes \\"F*****' Up\\" and \\"Love And Only Love':  Billy Talbot's resounding bass lines thrusts these numbers forward like a  pile driver.<br />Despite all the heavy grunge guitar work, at the core of  Young's compositions are lovely and catchy melodies (Country Home, Over And  Over, Days That Used To Be). In the hands of a more conservative performer,  these selections could very well be AM staples. They're \\"beer drinking\\"  redneck sing-alongs. The standout for me is the live freak-out solo guitar  and oh-so-pretty choral arrangement `Mother Earth.' Not an eco-maniac  myself, the song is sentimental and touching. Minor complaint: Ralph  Molina's simple one-two drumming gives the CD a overall country aura,  rather than a rock spirit. I guess you could call it  raunchy-country.  Still, Ragged Glory is harsh, potent and stunning.
B0000027RL|5.0|I bought this album way back when it came out (hard to believe it was 9 years ago) and it hasn't lost anything since then. If you are thinking about buying this album, just do it. Even if you think you don't like Pearl  Jam, this is a classic, must-have rock album. I like some of the music they  have put out since this one, Vs. is probably my second favorite, but even  the best of Vs. just doesn't compare to Ten. I am going to see them in  concert, for the first time, in August, and if all they did was this entire  album (especially the best PJ song EVER-EVENFLOW) live, I would be more  than satisfied.
6300214753|5.0|Here it is, the movie about the all around school favorite Ferris Bueller join Ferris while skipping school for a day ,hanging out with his girl friend ,best bud Cameron while the villian Mr.Ed Rooney the school  principal tries to rain on their parade but he won't stop Ferris and his  loyal friends in this wonderful movie about skipping school and having a  good time,Getting back home before mom and dad get home,this movie will  make you laugh so hard you'll cry!
B000002AP1|5.0|This is such a classic album, and just about every music fan can agree on that. The only concern from fans was: Is the remaster version going to be a complete disaster like Raw Power originally was on CD? The answer is no.  Iggy made sure that this version would be clean, smooth, and most of all  enjoyable to the listeners' ears. He completed his mission. The CD is great  and it seems like I'm seeing The Stooges live in concert. The sound is  clean, clear, and crisp. For those of you that still do not own Raw Power,  let me give you some suggestions. First of all,the everlasting classic  &quot;Search &amp; Destroy&quot;, &quot;Gimme Danger&quot;, &quot;Shake  Appeal&quot;, and &quot;Your Pretty Face is Going To Hell.&quot; (It's very  hard for me to pick favorites of Raw Power!)
B00004RFFS|2.0|.. walking in the streets. Gonna glide down, over Mulholland, gonna freefall, out in the nothing, gonna leave this world for a while...&quot;<br />- T. Petty, the song Freefallin' from 1987.<br />Interview  With A Vampire is lavish and viscerally entertaining - with a strong Cruise  - but also self-indulgent and dragging at times, with a misplaced Pitt (too  much pin-up boy despite immense acting qualities). The set design is a  triumph - bringing Blade Runner (1982) to mind in vastness.<br />The ending is  ambivalant - it finally ends, the movie has dragged for a while at this  point - yet watching Cruise demonically laughing and pumped up - showing an  edge we would only later see him display in the gem Magnolia (2000) - to  the raunching tunes of Guns N' Roses' original and splendid cover of the  old Stones song Sympathy For The Devil - feels like the opening to a great  vampire/horror flick. But it was the ending. Alas.<br />Two out of five stars.
6304712936|5.0|Sometimes hilarious, sometimes somber and always tragic, this is the highly entertaining dramatized story of Mozart. A fictional story about the tragic life of a real-life genius. It is a fact that Wolfgang Amadeus  Mozart died a pauper in an un-marked mass grave, but no one knows if he  even knew Antonio Salieri much less had such profound interactions with  him. As composers of note, they definitely were aware of each other's  existence at the time, but the fictionalized tale here should not be  watched as though it is historical fact.<br />The wardrobes, backdrops and  everything you see in this film are breathtakingly accurate and believable.  The acting is flawless by every single person you see on screen, whether  it's the un-credited extra in the background or the main characters  themselves.<br />The music is incredible and you'll never hear these pieces  the same after you see them being performed on screen.<br />I wish the DVD had  included more extras, perhaps some clips of the Oscars when Abraham won for  best actor and interviews with the cast and crew. A behind the scenes  featurette would have also been wonderful. Nonetheless, this is one of the  top films ever made and a must-see for anyone who loves good film and  superb acting that will blow you away.
B00003CWOL|1.0|I wasn't offended by the subject matter of the movie, I was appalled by the writer's sophormoric views on religion. Read the Bible, don't waste your time watching this over rated piece of trash.
6301978587|5.0|I just adore this movie. Great acting, sweet story, lots of culture and absolutely fabulous music... I listen to the soundtrack all the time.<br />Barbara Streisand is perfect at playing an intelligent, yet vulnerable  woman in a time and place in which women were supposed to be illiterate and  considered to be silly. Her father was a more forward-thinking man in a  culture that considered teaching a woman to read something perverse and  criminal. When her father dies,she loses everything... women can't read,  own property or make decisions concerning the course of her life.<br />She  decides that her persuit of knowledge of the holy scriptures is too  important to let the opportunity slip through her fingers, so she cuts her  hair and lives life as a male Rabbinical student. Life takes a twist she  doesn't expect when she falls for her classmate and subsequently is forced  to marry a young girl.<br />There are a lot of laughing-out-loud moments, but  this is mostly just an extremely sweet story of love, sacrifice, tradition  and freedom. It's definitely a feel-good movie that will put a lump in your  throat. I highly recommend this film.
B00003Q43A|4.0|Its a good movie. But why is it that in most alien movies the aliens are more intelligent than us?
6302862949|3.0|I recently saw this again and sheesh.... it's all about perception. This film is very 80s...very very very '80s. Seeing Mikhail Baryshnikov dancing in tights was worth the experience of the rest of the movie when I saw this  back in the carefree days of high school.<br />Great and convincing acting by  Isabella Rossellini, Helen Mirren and Gregory Hines don't save this from  being what seems in this day and time to be a ridiculous story. It's easy  to forget what a threat the Soviet Union was at the time... and how scary  the thought of being trapped in communist Russia really was... neighbor  spying on neighbor, eavesdropping equipment everywhere and just cold,  dreary days one after another. This is a film best enjoyed by folks who can  remember what it was like be around in the 80s w/ the fear of nuclear war.  This is hardly a &quot;timeless&quot; piece, but still enjoyable.
B00004T9UF|4.0|I like Eminem dont get me wrong but I think this second CD is so much better then his first. I only bought it for that one song but when I heard the rest of the cd I was like people actually like this stuff my first rap  CD. I always hated rap but now I am starting to like it more. So I bought  his second CD expecting to only like one song &quot;The Real Slim  Shady&quot; But I ended up liking at least 3 or 4. So I say this CD is  worth your money.
B000002KYB|5.0|Wow ! This albulm show you how amazing a pop CD can produce, I mean it's SOUND QUALITY. See its release date ? It's 1982 ! This CD was transferred from Analog tape, but the engineer who did the job have done very very  well. especially on the second track : Private Investigation. <br />I believe  you must have to buy this albulm, because it is the best among all Dire  Straits alblums. The performance of artists are very good, and the songs  and sound quality are very well too.
B00003CX6P|3.0|This movie did not get grate reviews but it was still high up there. I was suprised this movie was not very good at all. It seemed like the acting was the only good thing about it but the story and the plot was just a big  joke. I say you can pass this movie up you wont be missing a thing.
B00003CX6P|2.0|The acting in this movie is very good, but thats all you can say about it. The movie does drag a bit and as another reviewer said you don't care if the characters get killed or not. The ending has to be one of the worst  I've seen in years.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|My Dog Skip is the heartwarming tale of a young outcast boy and his dog Skip, who teaches him more about life than most people did.  Warner Brothers have given this movie a Disneyesque feel which makes this a movie  that you can share with your family. Its a movie that I will want to see  over and over again throughout the years.  WARNING: if you don't own a dog,  you will want to after seeing this movie!   Highly recommended!
B00004U45G|5.0|This is a great album, but it may dissapoint fans looking for a live zeppelin album, since as many people have noticed before, most of the songs stay true to the orginal recordings (with the exceptions of the vocals)
0767802470|1.0|This is a very boring and slow movie. I do not understand almost the 100% 5 star ratings for this movie. All we get to see for most of the movie is the crew eating food and talking vaguely about things that are of no  consequence to us or the movie. And the rest of movie is how they were hit  by other ships.<br />In a word, this movie is very boring. I would give 0  stars if I could.
B00004T9UF|2.0|I copied this cd onto my computer from my friend, but i never put it on a cd. The beats on the cd were some of the best i have heard, but eminem doesn't really rap about anything on this cd. i loved his last cd, but this  one is no where as good. other rappers are rapping about things that they  go through or things that have meanin and it is worth listening to.  But  the except for a couple songs, the lyrics on this cd made me embaressed to  listen to it around any of my friends or family. I would tell someone  unless you don't listen to lyrics and only listen to the beats, ..., i consider it a disgrace to rap.b ,b ,jb
0451169514|5.0|On of King's best without a doubt, a tale of forgotten child hoods, horror  and suspense. This keeps you reading till the very end (and it is  long).This is really scary stuff, If like me you thought books could never  affect you in that way, then try this one. <br />I'll never pass a drain the  same way again.. Or stay near a plug hole for too long either.
B000001E3V|5.0|Most of this material was released by the &quot;RSO&quot; label in 1973 in an album titled &quot;Derek and the Dominoes In Concert&quot; long before the hall called &quot;Fillmore East&quot; became so legendary as to become  a cottage industry on its own.<br />Regardless of the commercial whirlpool  that words like &quot;Fillmore and &quot;Clapton&quot; can generate to the  Baby Boom, this collection of notes is nothing less than sublime in its  scope and execution.<br />This is four young yet well seasoned musicians  jamming away, each a master, but all playing together to produce an  aggregate far greater than the sum of it's parts.  While Eric Clapton is at  the peak of his &quot;God&quot; mode, Carle Radle, Bobby Whitlock and Jim  Gordon provide a backdrop that becomes more than just a vehicle for the  star performer to stand out from.  Indeed, Gordon pumps out a mesmerizing  drum solo during &quot;Let It Rain&quot; which, almost 30 years later,  stands out in an era when drum solos were a concert cue to visit the  bathroom, catch some Z's or light up another one.<br />Still, Clapton is the  star, playing with a musicality and breezy confidence not seen again until  Stevie Ray Vaughn would enter the fray two decades later.  This is not the  &quot;Yardbirds&quot; or &quot;Cream&quot; Clapton and it sure isn't the  &quot;461 Ocean Boulevard&quot; fella either.  Here we can listen to a  master craftsman plying his trade as in &quot;Why Does Love Got To Be So  Sad&quot; where he starts with the blistering speed that earned him the  reverse monicker &quot;Slowhand&quot;, and then trails off into a rather  melodic, almost dreamy, trance-like finish.<br />&quot;Got To Get Better In A  Little While&quot; also stands out as hefty treat.  Clocking in at a little  under 15 minutes, this tome leaves you wanting more, again, a testament to  what happens when four musicians at their zenith combine in a (over-used,  but here aptly applied)chemistry that truly deserves a nichein the  American historical memory.<br />By the way, a young kid by the name of Eddie  Kramer was the engineer of this work.  Anyone who has ever read liner notes  during the 70's will recognize the significance.
0767836286|3.0|This movie collapses on itself and alternates from cerebral thriller to 70's style action rehash.  definitely worth watching, it is much better than your average action movie.
078324228X|5.0|Denzel Washington's almost flawless performance of the inprisoned pro boxer Hurricane Carter is a complex but emotionally charged movie fueled by the powerful acting that Washington potrays this no doubt remarkable  man.Who was imprisoned for almost more then 20 years Denzel plays him at  first as a man who while improsioned is tired  of jail life and that his  life is going nowhere, until one day he decides to write a biography at  first when he publishes the book noone cares or  seems to wan't to until a  troubled teenage young man reads it and when he does he is amazed to  see  that Carters life is much like his own ,as  Carter struggles more and more  and a disagreeable dectective is relentless in making sure the Carter is  behind bars forthe rest of his life.The young  boy is the only one who  belives in Carters innocence in his convictions.The young boy is like a son  Carter never had , the young boy and a group of mentors for the boy are  determined to set Carter free no matter the cost.Denzel Washington made an  academy worthy nominated performance making Carter tough and emotionally  complex and vulnarable in depth he plays carter with the full extent of his  ingenious acting ability almost flawless what more can Denzel do to prove  to the academy that he is worth a major award, to date  this is undeniably  his best performance. The DVD has commantarys and a making of the riviting  yet powerful film of this man who knew the truth of  what risks and rewards  it takes to be human and  after the 2 hours and 21 minutes the one this   you can say about this man is regardless weither this is accurate or not is  this man fought for  his life he is very human The Hurricane is a  movie  about humanity , hope , and the courage to face the hardships of life.
B00004U45G|5.0|Incredible, Jimmy Page is an amazing rock player. after doing just the soft side of zeppelin for years he back doing the songs that have not been played. This is incredicle ive listened to it for about 1,00,000 times  already. Get it!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Whatever anyone tells you about this cd, this is the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Me and MANY others belive this the best cd in the universe because Brit is such a talented artist and this cd shows it. My  all time fave wil be Lucky because it explains how someone famous would  feel if they have everything, but feel like something is missing. All of  the songs will make you want to dance and sing. I really LOVE Dear Diary  because Brit co-wrote it. I can't get no satisfaction is a grrrreat song! I  don't have enough time to write about the other WONDERFUL songs, but I can  asure you, you'll never regret buying the best cd in the universe! I hope I  helped every girl/guy who read this.
B000001EAQ|2.0|I've tried my hardest to like this album for over two years now...and still can't!  So I know it's not for a lack of trying.  What it boils down to is truly embarrassing lyrics by Bono, and very spiritless music by the  band.  Bono used to write words that moved, and the band used to be able to  sound alive.  Now the words are throw-away, and the music all hidden behind  incredible amounts of studio production.  It's hardly even the sound of a  band but rather a computer.  But they redeem themselves with  &quot;Gone&quot;, &quot;Please&quot;, and &quot;If You Wear That Velvet  Dress&quot;.  They are okay but still dismal and somber, which keeps the  album a downer.<br />However, now that I've heard the subsequent release of  &quot;The Ground Beneath Her Feet&quot; ('Million Dollar Hotel'  soundtrack), there is hope that U2 can once again craft an album that is  beautiful instead of ugly.  I hope they trash the trends and stick to what  they're good at: meaningful and alive music.  Their attempts at irony and  superficiality are unfortunately all too successful, as it makes for  unpleasant music!<br />So good luck, U2.  I'm disappointed...but still have  faith!
B000000OYQ|2.0|I purchased this cd a few years back, but only got around to listening to it the other day.  Why did I wait?  I don't know.  It was just filed away in my collection.  When I finally got around to fishing it out, I expected  no less than some great songs and cool guitar riffs.  I was to be  disappointed.  One of the things that brings this record down is the 2  featured vocalists, John Miles and Chris Farlow.  Both are competent  vocalists, don't get me wrong.  Page shouldn't have let them write their  own lyrics.  I have never heard so many rock cliches on a single album.   Most of the songs sound formulaic.  Page sounds like he is bored.  This cd  gets a 2 star rating instead of one just for The Only One.  This is a track  that features Robert Plant on lead vocals.  It isn't the greatest  Plant/Page collaboration, but it is the one saving grace on the album.
B00004TL21|5.0|when i heard the new deftones hit &quot;change&quot; i knew it was going to be a little bit lighter than their usual metal. and i know some people will give this album 1 star because it isnt crazed metal, there is nothing  wrong with that, but i can mellow down and listen to this stuf too. the  deftones have changed (no pun intended), not only as a band, but also as a  sound. the deftones started out good, and they still are good, i just think  that they have matured as a band, moving their music to a different style.  the mellowing down part is fine with me, i love it, but at the same time i  love their old metal edge. either way, you will like this album, the  mellower sounds will apeal to more groups or music listeners, and at the  same time, a change, in this case, is for the good.
6303160344|1.0|This &quot;mystery&quot; is one of the most dull films ever made.  Essentially, it follows the life of this woman who loses her husband and child in a car accident (the first 5 minutes).  The rest of the movie is  spent watching her not react.  Sound interesting?  Maybe you think,  &quot;Hey, Camus handled that sort of thing well in the Stranger.&quot;  Well it isn't here.  If you think it is, then perhaps you enjoy watching  strokes unfold, but I don't.<br />I'm all for minimalism, but this plotless  wonder takes it a bit too far.  I think that color can be an effective way  to tell a story, Eyes Wide Shut proved that, but staring at blue pools,  jewels, and backgrounds for one and half hours won't get the job done.  Color can be an element of a movie, but it's just the beginning--you still  need something like dramatic tension, a climax, and denouement.  This one  lacks any semblance of all three.  And having cool colors and a good  soundtrack doesn't make up for the complete absense of a compelling story.  (Her husband's dead; she does nothing; why do I care?)  I didn't think I  would ever see this basic material (dead spouses' secrets) more poorly  handled than it was in the great failure &quot;Random Hearts.&quot;  I was  wrong.<br />Much is made of Binoche's fine acting.  I suppose that's  justified, if one considers her inaudible whispering &quot;acting.&quot;  Her catatonic technique is made even more annoying by arbitrary blasts of  music that punctuate even the most minor scenes--have that remote  handy--but then the whole movie is just series of minor scenes.<br />My copy  of &quot;Blue&quot; actually has printed on it: &quot;Recommend this  mystery to friends,&quot; which is a bit like a Broadway musical saying  &quot;recommend this play to friends.&quot;  The only thing mysterious  about this film is how you'll get back the 90 minutes you wasted watching  it. Bonne chance!
0393312836|4.0|I really enjoyed a Clockwork Orange. It's comment's on society and  government were tremendous and the launguage is brilliant. I actually had a  little bit of a hard time adjusting to the style of the book but once I got  into it it was a great read. Other books you might like if you liked this  book are: One Flew over the Coo Coo's nest, Howard Zinn's: A people's  History of America or On the Road.
B000009DUY|5.0|At first I was not sure if it was worth it to buy the soundtrack since many people saw no point in  listening to the same type of music for one straight hour. But after listening carefully to it on the movie and  listening to some samples for a while, I realized this was great music and  not boring at all. The way all the instruments come together and set the  mood is fantastic!  I really recommend this one for anyone who is looking  for a great Motion Picture soundtrack. This is John Williams at his best!
B000002HAF|5.0|SR is the Pixie's first and best album.  It's a definite must-own.  The Pixies have a unique, hard-edged yet melodic and catchy style, with some strange but enjoyable lyrics.  The melodies are great, and Black Francis  and Kim Deal are both spectacular singers (especially when they sing  together.)  Songs that can't be missed: BONE MACHINE, BROKEN FACE, GIGANTIC  (terrific song with Deal taking over lead vocals for once), WHERE IS MY  MIND? (undoubtedly the best song of the 80's, used at the end of FIGHT CLUB  to great effect), the slow, powerful CACTUS, and the simply badass TONY'S  THEME.  Other good songs include BREAK MY BODY, RIVER EUPHRATES, OH MY  GOLLY, and I'M AMAZED, which aren't quite as good but are much better than  most stuff out today.  If you get pissed that there's no singing in the  amusing VAMOS, don't forget there's a nice bonus track at the end of the  album to make up for it.  As the 90's came along, the Pixies seemed to get  more soft-edged and laid back--the music wasn't bad, but if you want to  hear alternative at it's absolute finest, buy SURFER ROSA now.
630587493X|1.0|Stop! Do not order this movie.  It can't get worse than this.  I was hopeful that this movie would at least entertain my children, but no. The story is slow, the swearing useless and the sexual innuendo completely out  of place.  Did Robin Williams even read the script?
B000001ESJ|3.0|This album is pretty okay. My favorite track on here is &quot;Xanadu&quot;. &quot;Cinderella Man&quot;, and &quot;Madrigal&quot;,are pretty okay too. The beginning of the title track  is beautiful which is classical guitar, after that the song pretty much  falls flat. &quot;Closer To The Heart&quot;, is good, but at the same time,  mediocre. <br />&quot;Cygnus X-1&quot;, by far is a chore to listen to all the  way through. There are just too many pointless shifts in time,tempo,and  key, which drives me up the wall. Heavy Metal music won't drive you  nuts,... but this song will (you won't know unless you hear it on your own.  My words alone aren't enough to explain the insanity of it).<br />anyway... I  think &quot;Permanent Waves&quot; was a much better album than this  one.<br />well... there's my input, make of it what you will.
B000003P9Z|5.0|Always my favourite CD. Features my favourite ABBA songs and more variety than you can poke a stick at. Standouts include Day Before You Came, Head Over Heels, Under Attack. I did however find I am The City nothing  marvellous.
B00000K19E|4.0|I've heard people say this is the best movie they've ever seen. I don't agree with that, but I do think it's a pretty good movie. The effects are great, the story is pretty good (the idea is especially interesting and  discussion-invoking), but the characters aren't very interesting. The worst  part is that you never learn about the supporting characters before they're  blown away. The addition of more info on them, plus just a little humor to  crack the characters' stone-cold faces, would have made this a 5-star  movie, not just a 4-star.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This CD is so cool. When I first got this CD I couldn't stop listening to it. I never got tired of it and Im not tired of it yet. The lyrics on this album are ok but thats Eminem's life and how he feels. Thats better then  him goin out and actually doin the stuff he says on tha album. He is just  givin his opinion on the world and stuff. This CD has some phat beats. If u  are offended easily by lyrics I suggest u get the edited version of this  CD.
B0000032LS|5.0|What can I say? I dance the Time Warp and I end up dancing to the entire soundtrack! Standouts are Time Warp, Sword Of Damocles, Eddie's Teddy and Hot Patootie. Buy it now!
B000031WD9|5.0|This is a movie for just about everyone who remembers their days in high school. There is at least one character in American Pie that we can all relate to, be it the band camp girl, or the choir chick, or the plain old  foreign exchange student. This movie is raunchy, but that is what makes  this an instant classic. What about those awkward father-son sex talk  moments? We have all been there! Still not convinced? American Pie is worth  seeing at least once just for the 12 minute scene with Nadia (Shannon  Elizabeth) as she is caught by Jim (Jason Biggs) ah, let's say, &quot;going  downstairs.&quot; And that is not even the best part of that scene!  It  get's better with naughty Nadia making Jim nervous, as he sorta &quot;blows  it&quot;, so to speak! GET THIS MOVIE JUST TO WATCH SHANNON ELIZABETH!  10  stars if it would let me!
B000002UJQ|5.0|If you are a fan of serious music and despair of  the bland, vacuous, anti-humanist, spiritually-bereft post-modern epoch in which we live - this is an album you MUST buy. OK Computer is a magical, textured, tortured  soundscape, teeming with ideas and emotion. If a better rock album has been  made, I'd certainly like to here it. A perfect, cohesive whole, it is to  popular music what A Love Supreme and Kind of Blue is to jazz.  If you have  any doubts at all, I implore you, believe the hype!. No serious music  collector should overlook this.
0385493800|4.0|I am an avid reader of Grisham's work and found this story delightful, insightful, and entertaining.  The ending left me a bit confused as it seemed to have just ended suddenly without reason.  I would have preferred  a different ending, but then again...i'm not John Grisham.  Definitely  worth the read.
B000003TSP|5.0|I know many have already addressed the debate of this album's comparison to Dummy, but I have to say I love this just as much (if not more) than Dummy. The lyricism of this album is startling and Geoff's incredible  musicianship holds no comparison.  If I had to describe this album with one  phrase, it would have to be seductively nightmarish. Beth's vocals and  Geoff's background can scare the bejesus out of you, yet haunt the crevices  of your mind so much you come back begging for more. If you're a fan of  trip hop, alternative, or jazz, this album (and most definitley this  artist) is an undebatable must-have to your collection. Pick it up, you  will NOT be dissapointed.
B00000GUZP|5.0|In Debbie's first solo outing, she sheds the punk side of her for the funk side! In choosing the Chic Orginization (Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards of &quot;Le Freak&quot; fame) for production, Debbie shows a knack for  starting trends (Rodgers and Edwards would soon produce for Madonna and  Duran Duran). Though many a critic have denounced Debbie's singing ability,  I can't see how they can overlook the stunning beauty of her voice on songs  like &quot;Now I Know You Know&quot; and it's R&amp;B flavor on  &quot;Backfired&quot;. Once again, listen to me- not the hacks passing  themselves off as critics! This album's sexy playfulness sounds just as  good against a Toni Braxton album, but was done well before Ms. Braxton's  time! Debbie truly is a trend setter and this album proves it!
0790729385|4.0|This is a landmark horror film that in 1973 pushed the genre to a new standard by displaying a much greater degree of intensity, explicitness, and vileness than what had previously been attempted in a horror film.  Many of the film's shocks still hold up well today, thanks to Linda Blair's  unnerving performance of 12-year-old girl who overnight turns into a  grotesque, obscene, inhuman monster.  A mild complaint: the film makes it  clear that she is possessed by the Devil, although the original novel  doesn't commit to that theory; keeping it ambiguous would have achieved  greater suspense and mystery.<br />DVD buyers beware; the DVD version only has  Dolby Digital 5.1 audio on one side of the disc (the pan &amp; scan side),  not the other side.  I would recommend buying the &quot;25th Anniversary  Edition&quot; DVD of the film, or the more expensive &quot;Limited  Collector's Edition&quot; DVD that has supplementary material.
8185300453|5.0|I love this book.  If only his main teaching were not eventually to stop  reading and actually to start the deep inner search he suggests, I would  happily while way the rest of my life reading it.<br />The absolute calm  certainty of his position at the very centre of the inward search, calling  you on and soothing your fears, is so reassuring.<br />Come on in, the water's  lovely!
B000006XDR|5.0|This is one of Camel's best album.  Great compositions and Great playing as usual. I can't stop listening this album from the start to the end once I put it in player. This is very strong and consistent album.  You may find  out that &quot;Supertwister&quot; and &quot;Lady Fantasy&quot; are  excellent works.  There are very attractive melody lines which are not easy  to find in progressive rock musics (And this is, I think, the strongest  point of Camel).  There are a couple of problem (?) in regard to this  album.  First, the playing time is too short (I guess less than 40  minutes). BUT this is a good time range to listen to whole album without  any types of internal or external interruption.  Second, one may suspect  that the album cover is intended to advertise a particular tobacco make.   But who cares?  (Personally, I like the cover, which does not necessarily  mean I like the camel cigarette...)
0064407667|4.0|I loved this book.  From the gothic looking covers, end papers, and rough cut edges to the dry satire inside.  I enjoyed the narrator's use of pretentious vocabulary -- carefully explained in an aside to the audience  -- to describe the action.  This would be an excellent read aloud book if  you love the sound of the English language.  I plan to read the rest of the  series, and hope I continue to have fun with the Baudelaire's misfortunes.
B000002HH2|5.0|This really is a fantastic album and is one of the few recordsin my life that I can play at any time, any where and still enjoy. Itjust hasnt lost an ounce of appeal with me and I think thats the great thing about the record. Its so inventive and refreshing compared with the rest of pop music, its one of the timeless albums that will never sound out of date.  Meshing together a number of styles, the album is highly eclectic.  It opens with &quot;Army of Me&quot;, a heart stopping menacing trip hop song which see Bjork growl out lines like &quot;and if you complain once more, you'll find an army of me&quot;.....SCARY! By song 2 though shes already switched her mood into a totally different direction. coming from a scary almost dominatrix like nature she then goes all melancholy and dramatic with the beautiful Hyperballad, 0ne of the most inspired songs of all time in my view. Opening up quietly, the song all comes to fruition at the end when electronic bleeps collide with lush string arrangements, all the while Bjorks fab voice belting out in the background. And this in entirety is what the album is like. She switches moods and styles of music with every song and so theres never a dull moment to be had. Trip hop though is probably the reigning influence on this album, and that most likely comes from the relationship Bjork had with trip hopper Tricky at the time she recorded this record. the man himself actually produces and writes one track with her. Last track &quot;Headphones&quot; is the oddest track on the album. In some respects it doesnt even sound much like a song at all.  Theres no rhythm or bass line. Just various beep and bloops coming from the synthesizers and Bjork occasionally coming into the framework to almost whisper out a couple of lines a time. Obviously not my favourite track on the album, you have to give the woman credit, for using such a daring , uncompromising tune as her last song on Post.  While i said this is one of the best records ever made (and i stick to that), the album is still flawed. &quot;Its Oh So Quiet&quot; is a mistake in itself. a revamped cover of a 1950s show tune, Bjork defintely proves she can scream her lungs off with the best og them, but in amongst the rest of the tunes, it sounds like a mere novelty song, and I think alot of Bjork fans have come to dislike this song. Ironically this is her most successful single to date. Considering though that there are 9 other other brilliant tracks on her to choose from its hardly a problem and so with that all i can say is BUY IT NOW!
B00004S361|5.0|One of mine and my husbands fave LPs from the 70s,I finally decided to get it on CD,  and see if it still impressed us as it did then. No doubt about it,  it has stood the test of time,  and still grabs us like it did then!
B00000IOSU|5.0|A good CD inspires a variety of emotions in the listener and provokes the listener to examine his or her life.  Sarah McLachlan's Mirrorball does all of this and more.  Taken from previous albums, the songs in their live  states have an extra twist.  Because the CD is recorded live, it possesses  more emotion than the studio recorded versions.  &quot;Possession&quot;  contains a sense of urgency, while &quot;I Will Remember You&quot; is  completely nostalgic.  One of my favorites, &quot;Ice Cream&quot;,  illustrates the strong relationship between Sarah and her band.  Overall,  the CD is one of the best I've heard, and I listened to it for several  straight weeks when I first got it!
0790743507|5.0|This is truly the greatest film, not just musical, of all time. With flawless performances by Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor, and Debbie Reynolds, and the most hilarious role played brilliantly by Jean Hagen, this is a great film. Also Cyd Charisse is exquisite in the dance sequences and there is also an early performance of Rita Moreno as Zelda, Queen of the Flappers. It's hard to believe the title song was filmed in one shot. The reason this filmed did not do so well at the Oscars was An American in Paris, which I don't recommend*, won several awards including best picture of the year before. Also the movie went up against The Greatest Show on Earth, which won best picture. However, both Jean Hagen and Donald O'Connor won Golden Globes. It just goes to show you awards aren't everything but this movie is.
B00000JCOV|5.0|There isn't exactly one word in the english language to describe this amazing 9-piece group.  All the songs on this CD are awesome, although you cannot get &quot;Purity&quot; on the new ones (due to a legal dispute. but  thats besides the point).  One warning though: this CD is addictive, once  you listen, you can't stop.  It is definitely worth a listen for all kinds  of music fans.  godsmack? limp bizkit? HAHA listen to real music now.   SLIPKNOT 
0140177396|5.0|&quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; is perhaps the most poignant tragedy I've ever  read.  In my opinion it stands with Conrad's &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot;  and Hemingway's &quot;Sun Also Rises&quot; as one of the best novels ever.   While I normally try to avoid empty praise like this, a detailed account  doing justice to Steinbeck's genius woud be longer than the book itself!   <br />In iceberg fashion, Steinbeck packs more emotion, characterization and  eloquence into this novella than most books four times its length.  The  relationship between Lenny and George--portrayed almost entirely through  dilouge, allowing the reader a freer (and richer) interpretation--is not  only believable, it is TRUE.  This relationship, the core of the novel, is  beautifully highlighted and ornamented by the other characters and the  reletively simplistic plot.  <br />Some critics may point out flaws in the  work:  lack of developed female characters, predictable outcome, cardboard  supporting characters, etc.  However, I disagree with many of these  criticisms and would contend that even if they were true, they are a part  of Steinbeck's pseudo-minimalism and serve to better illustrate that  single, true, core relationship.     <br />When reading &quot;Of Mice and  Men,&quot; don't expect a complex web of character interactions as with a  mystery or adventure.  Don't expect Steinbeck to create a rich, tangible  mood like Conrad.  And don't expect Hemingway's bare, photo-realistic  portrait of human emotion and experience.  Instead, expect a simple novel,  with seemingly simple characters and a simple, loving relationship ending  in tragedy.  All of it 100% true.  <br />P.S.  This is the only novel which  depressed me for an entire weekend.  Read it on a Monday.
6305291489|4.0|I'm glad I have a daughter; a son instead likely would mean this Dad would not have seen this film.<br />Old enough to recall the original (even if it WAS on television in the 70s, I was 3 when it was in the theatres), my  first reaction when I heard Disney was remaking The Parent Trap was a sense  of, 'Stand back, I Have Digital Technology and I Know How to Use It!'. I  quickly realized the human element still was needed to pull off the use of  one actor in two roles.<br />Lindsay Lohan's performance missed the mark only  once (no one will believe she's choking on that Oreo with peanut butter)  and she often was brilliant in the awesome task of creating two (four?)  distinct characters. Yet even she, unfortunately, could not pull off the  initial rivalry between the twins well enough to explain why it takes so  long to figure out that they ARE twins.<br />I blame that on the script and  editing, though, NOT on Lohan. We have a real winner in this one; the  viewer not only forgets the SFX, but each girl's first meeting with the  parent they've never seen before gushes with honest, heart-wrenching  emotion. I had the impression Nancy Meyers directed  Lohan-as-Hallie-pretending-to-be-Annie to knock her 'mum' back onto the  stairs if she could.<br />(Quick trivia: the producer-director team of  Shyer-Meyers have two daughters. You guessed it: Hallie and Annie. Both  have small roles.)<br />Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson play the  we-were-rocky-when-we-were-married-and-we're-rocky-now parents to pefection  (though in spots the script has Quaid acting like a real ditz), and Lisa  Ann Walter and Simon Kuntz (&quot;...the help!&quot;) steal each scene  they're in (&quot;Chessy? Why are you looking at her like that?&quot;). A  viewer actually can care for the characters and their development and  that's vital to any film. Even Elaine Hendrix (Meredith) injects life into  a character meant to be one-dimensional.<br />If you can buy the admittedly  unspeakable premise ofsplitting twins at birth and never telling them, and  sit through two hours, and you're NOT a pre-teen boy, you'll like The  Parent Trap 1998.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I saw this film (dubbed) in theatres here, and think it's fine that dubbed version of this great animation film was released so quickly on dvd; after all, it is the version that was seen in theatres in the US.  It will be  available for those that saw and loved it in theatres.  I think it will do  well! True anime collectors have always known to wait for the real version,  with original Japanese dialogue with/without subtitles.  I know I'm  waiting!  I am one to appreciate art in its truest form.  And yes, I did  cancel my initial Amazon order once I found out it was dubbed.  It will  come out soon enough.
0451160916|5.0|This novel is 1 of the best I have read so far. Every moment was  terrifying. It had alot of twists and turns and was filled with surprises.  Horrifying, pure terror!
0380973464|5.0|Cryptonomicon is an unusual hybrid of historical fiction, spy story, hacker lore and cryptography text book.  With much of Europe, North America and the South China Seas as it's backdrop, this sprawling work deals with  the codebreaking efforts of both the allies and enemy in the 1940's, and  the repurcussions of such actions in the present day.  <br />Fully two thirds  of the book takes place immediately prior to or during the Second War, and  it can sometimes be difficult to determine which parts of this are actually  fiction and not history.  Obviously, many of the characters will be  familiar to everybody, but there were a few who I initially took to be  fictional who turned out to be real.  <br />There are many different  characters in this book, and as there are really two stories being told  there is a high danger of this novel becoming confusing.  Somehow   Stephenson has avoided this and in fact the large cast actually makes the  nine hundred pages of this work justified.  His characterizations are so  deep that his narrative style has to change chapter by chapter to fit the  person.  Many times when reading a novel of this size, it can become  tempting to skip over the less exciting characters.  Thankfully, that is  not the case here, Stephenson has the knack of leaving a character at the  appropriate time and returning to them at just the right moment.  All the  characters are essential to the plot and none of them are boring.<br />The  book move along at a fair pace with only a few stumbling blocks.  Most of  the sticking points are in the explanations of cryptography for the  layperson.  But, to his credit, Stephenson has done a great job of making  the subject matter accessible and also impressing on the reader it's  military importance.  The author also helps the reader to visualize  concepts and constructs by a use of diagrams that I have never seen in  fictional work before, which is surprising given how effective it  is.<br />Finding the correct genre for this book is difficult and it's premise  may be off-putting to some, however this is a great book for anyone to  read.  Stephenson is an extremely talented and witty writer and he gets  better with each book.  Some of his prose makes me down right jealous.    This is one of those books that you can almost open at any page and have a  good time reading.
0453007686|5.0|&quot;The True Story of the 3 Little Pigs&quot; is a fractured fairy tale told from the wolf's perspective. This age old fairy tale is a delight for children to read, for parents to read to children, and for adults to read  themselves.  Entertaining for one and all.
B0000070QN|5.0|The Melody and virtuosity on this album is simply stunning. Every song is vital and beautifully put together. The harmony and shear musicality of this band are fantastic. Just check out track 10 'Just like I planned'  there's not a band on the planet that could better this performance.  Stunning, if you like Extreme Van Halen etc. you must own this disc. If you  can't get into this album then you don't deserve to have ears!
1564029654|5.0|This book is beautifully illustrated by Patrick Benson.  It is about three owl babies that are alone in their home.  They get anxious waiting for their mother to return.  It tells about the general characteristics of an  owl.  The story would be great to read to preschoolers that get upset when  they leave their parents.<br />*Teacher's note* I have used this book when  planning for a unit on Nocturnal animals.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Britney Spears...I don't really like her but after listening to her new album...I found that I liked the songs. Something weird around here though... I like the other singers' voices not Britney Spears's, and i  really think she is  a lousier singer than Christina Aguilera, she cannot  sing ballads and that's why there are less of them this time round. Do you  all agree with me? Here, many are CRAZY over her, but i think the ppl who  gave Christina the 'Best New Artist' award were obviously thinking along  the same lines as us... i think Britney Spears is only a pretty face and no  more.
B00000099Y|5.0|A dark, disturbing journey through the ugly underbelly of the human mind, &quot;Aenima&quot; is Tool's masterpiece.  Tool explores the brooding, seething psyche better than any band on the planet, and delivers its  message of existential dread with utter conviction.  The songs on  &quot;Aenima&quot; constantly shift, morph and transform themselves,  sometimes raging with fury, sometimes settling into relaxed interludes that  still boil with a dark menace underneath their calm surface.  Maynard James  Keenan's vocal work is the key to Tool's power, heard to maximum effect in  such songs as \\"Eulogy,\\" \\"Stinkfist\\" and the title track.  No singer in rock  captures the ambivalence and terror of the human experience as well as  Keenan.  When he and his outstanding bandmates are at full speed, they're  untouchable.  &quot;Aenima&quot; will bore into your brain with all the  subtlety of a jackhammer.
0767903854|3.0|Not up there with 'The Lost Continent' (a little masterpiece), but an  enjoyable read nontheless.<br />Some grating factual errors, and the odd  oversight (apart from omission of Tasmania). When he stopped overnight at  Hay, he didn't notice Hell, just up the road. Or nearby Booligal. Thus, the  saying '... Hay, Hell and Booligal', most evocative of heat, dust and  limitless horizon. He aslo missed everybody's favourite place name,  Upotipotpon.<br />He might also have sourced his title, which is celebrated  in:<br />'I love a sunburnt country/ A land of sweeping plains/ Of rugged  mountain ranges/ Of droughts and flooding rains<br />I love her far horizons/  I love her jewelled sea/ Her beauties and her terrors/ The wide brown land  for me.'<br />For all that, well done Bill, and come back again.
6305807043|2.0|I'd give this film one - yes, one! - star if not for the engaging and imaginative first half hour.  After that, it's all downhill.  A promising beginning that had my full attention dissolves into an unfunny mess, and  it's painful to watch it happen.  You can sense the movie is just not going  to take off, and guess what?  It doesn't.  In the portal.  Out of the  portal.  In the portal.  Out of the portal.  Dopey characters that were  more like cartoons than real flesh and blood people.  A plot that might  have sounded good on paper but on celluloid failed miserably to hold my  interest.  Plus, a script that thought it was far more clever than it  actually was.<br />My own mother said I had to see this preposterous nonsense.  Shows you what she knows.
B00001U0E1|5.0|At Oscar time I couldn't understand why Private Ryan didn't win - now I do. I watched this movie four times in a row, went out and bought it as soon as it became available. The costumes are divine and the music is  wonderful but the stars and the script truly make this come alive. Tom  Stoppard and Marc Norman are gods. The story unveils itself with perfect  timing and wonderful lyricism. Lines and scenes from numerous Shakespeare  plays are beautifully interspersed to bring the movie to it's wonderful,  sad conclusion. Gwyneth Paltrow is dazzling and luminescent and wonderfully  complemented by Joseph Fiennes - I wish I new he existed before this.  Imelda Staunton as Violas personal maid is divine, Geoffrey Rush is a  treasure. Even Ben Affleck shows a new, meladramatic side (it really suits  him). Everybody is wonderful. I really loved this film. As to that special  something which makes it all work so well - &quot;It's a mystery&quot;.
0385424736|2.0|Sorry I have read most of the Grisham novels. This one did not do it for  me.
B000005L86|5.0|Hearing &quot;Don't Blame it I&quot; several years back on student radio, I was mesmerized by a haunting falsetto I had never heard in reggae before. Later I purchased &quot;Heart of the Congos&quot;. What can I say. Believe  it or not, this is the only reggae album I own, i'm clueless of the genre,  but this double CD emits a spiritual beauty that transcends style. Up there  with the holy blues of Blind Willie Johnson and the cathedral sax blast of  Albert Ayler.
B000031WD9|5.0|A kind of modern day CANTERBURY TALES, this film takes us to moral places by ribald means.  Replete with absolutely spot-on observations of the sexuality of many American teens, the ultimate conclusions of the film are  pleasantly love- (and not sex-) centric.  What comes across in the end is a  work so hilarious that the responsible morals of the film aren't a bitter  pill.  Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.   <br />Nor can you  particularly trust the DVD by the case.  `Unrated' doesn't really mean the  inclusion of so much new, sexy material-but `Special Edition' it certainly  is.  There are a lot of excellent additional features here, the best of  which is a particularly enthusiastic running commentary.  Including not  just the director, the commentary becomes a sort of reunion for many  members of the cast and top crew.  The consequent discussion is anecdotal  and animated.  One gets the feeling that it should've lasted for many more  hours than the film itself.
0060900075|5.0|I was turned onto Doors/Heaven and Hell by myPhilosophy/English Professor.  Due to my extended research intodreaming and perception, this was as insightful as they come.  This book goes beyond the use of drugs; identifying with religion, art, philosophies, etc., it explains that humans tend to be one sided, and are unable to look or percieve normalcy except by looking at things...normally.  It's sad that it takes drug use to be able to percieve objects beyond what they really are, yet, Huxley explains, compares and vividly depicts, not only his experience with mescalin and LCD, but how and why people are not able to visualize things in ways other than they already are,(Out-There, In-Here). Huxley writes about experiences and perception when these drugs are being used--rationally, making Huxley a writer, and a &quot;visionary.&quot; And he does so with panache.
B0000021RB|5.0|As a young trombonist growing up in an era of great rock music this album was nirvanna.  Even my fifty-something year old band director thought this album was happening at the time.  I remain amazed at the incredible  compilation of music and talent that created this masterpiece.  A must have  album (CD) for any music enthusiast.  The music bridges many generations  and I believe will continue to do so.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I would like to say that this album is great.  I love it.  To all of you that think it is harsh or has too many bad words, get over it.  If you don't like it, stick with your backstreet boys and nsync.  For those who  enjoy the boy band bashing, buy this cd.
6305426651|5.0|This movie was incredible. The first time I watched it, I couldn't decide to laugh, cry, or watch it again. So I did all three. The setting of the movie was the Holocaust, a horrible time in history that still has the  power to move people to tears. Still, I had to smile through my tears at  this extremely life-affirming movie. The wit of this movie is  indescribable. It is a very passionate movie that had me falling off my  seat laughing, sobbing to the point of pausing the movie to wash my face,  and smiling until my face hurt. This movie really affected me in a very  physical way. If you haven't seen this movie, please do. You will not  regret it, it is an amazing movie that I will never forget.
0884271536|4.0|An excellent book, just as his previous works - Goal, Its not Luck - makes  us understand everything about Project Management and how to complete  projects on time. A must for Eliyahu's fan, but also a must for all people  involved in any ways in Project or its management.
B000002B2T|4.0|I normally reserve the 5 star rating for historic albums like Sgt Pepper and Exile on Main Street, so 4 stars is high for me.  This album is very powerful.  It sounds closer to toned down Alice in Chains than it does a  Pearl Jam band.  Except when the jams come out.  In fact, I believe it to  be better than any Alice cd overall (besides Unplugged which is really a  greatest hits stripped down).<br />If you like Layne you will rank this cd as  one of your favs.  He shines here.  The mood of the album is a world of its  own.  Yes it is sometimes mellow but at the same time it has an energy that  makes you hyper not sleepy.  Every song is a gem.  This is a cd that works  well early or late in a night of partying with a few close friends.  Put it  on with beer 1 or beer 11, at either time you'll totally click into a cool  mood.  Its a great album to have playing when youre hanging out talking  with buddies.  A great soundtrack to conversations.   The last two tunes  are without lyrics.  This band can really jam.  Its too bad they only made  this one disc.  If you miss the now MIA Layne Staley and miss the great  great music of the early to mid 90s, this disc is for you.<br />Put Blind  Melon's 'Soup', Black Crowes 'Amorica', STP's 'Purple', Pearl Jam's self  titled 93 album, and Mad Season in your disc player and listen all night to  the best stuff made since the late 60s.     <br />If you like this album I  suggest getting the video tape of Mad Season in concert.
0385484518|5.0|I am 17, which should be too young for text about dying and getting old,  but this book is pretty unique. It has important messages about how to deal  with life. Read it.
B00000I07Q|5.0|this album is rock n roll at its greatest.  songs like &quot;bad medicine&quot; can never be beat.  this album rocks
0064400018|4.0|Little short stories, that is what Little House in the Big Woods is.  Each chapter is a story about the true life Laura Ingalls Wilder, and how her ma taught her and her sisters how to bake and clean and be good children, and  how their pa killed animals so that they could have food to eat.<br />One  chapter goes into detail on how after Charles killed a boar, he skinned it,  preserved it in salt, and then smoked it in a little smokehouse he had  built, no bigger than their outhouse.  They used the skins for clothes and  shoes, made a little baseball type toy out of the pig's bladder, and fried  the tail.  It's very educational, if you ask me, which is why, along with  the Mandie series of books, I also homeschooled my daughter on Little House  in the Big Woods.  Every chapter could be read in a short period of time,  and each chapter brought a new perspective of what little Laura Ingalls did  when she was a little girl.<br />One chapter is about Sundays, and how they  baked and did all their cleaning up on Saturday, because on the Lord's day,  Sunday, you were not allowed to do anything at all that was considered  work.  And believe you me, baking and cleaning up a house is a heavy-duty  chore.<br />Everybody should read this book, and it is highly recommended by  me.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|After Somewhere in Time, I wondered where Maiden was headed.  I wasn't sure what to make of the synth-sell-out sound, but everybody was doing it at the time (check out Judas Priest's &quot;Turbo&quot;) so I was willing  to follow the boys on their wild hare.<br />When 7th Son was released I was  more than pleasantly surprised.  As a Maiden purist, i was skeptical at  first, but as you listen, you realize that this is their most solid album.   Steve Harris' lyrics are never going to be Shakespeare, but his galloping  bass guitar is the best in rock and roll (sorry to John Entwhistle and  Flea). Bruce's pipes are wide open, Adrian and Dave's guitar work is  vintage and Nikko is smacking the skins better than ever.<br />The concept  album is a genre that is almost dead.  We probably won't see to many more  of them, so grab this one and revel in it's greatness.<br />While there are  certainly many great metal bands, Iron Maiden is the measuring stick that  they are all placed up against and this is a solid snapshot of what they  are capable of.
6303402348|5.0|I am a great fan of Tom Hanks, although a couple of his movies I have not seen because of the subject matter.  However, Forrest Gump is my favorite of all the Tom Hanks movies.<br />The cinemetography is exclusive and  brilliant, from the point where young Forrest runs out of his braces to the  look of terror on his face when he is carrying Bubba out of the enemy  fire.<br />This is a beautiful movie, showing the tenderness and the courage  of one young man who can doing anything he sets his mind to do.  He ran  across the United States, and when he was done, he had nothing better to do  than to run across it again, and again, and again.<br />He even fell in love  with a woman who totally did not deserve him.  Jenny was a beautiful child,  why couldn't they get someone equally beautiful, maybe like Melissa Sue  Anderson, to play the part of Jenny as an adult?  The makeup artists could  have made her look hard, and then soft.  I didn't much like Robin Wright in  the role, but then I'm not a fan of hers.<br />The little girl who played  Jenny was spectacular, especially the part where she runs to the fields,  hides, and prays to God, &quot;Dear God, please make me a bird, so I can  fly far, far away!&quot;  It made me cry great big crocodile tears.<br />The  little boy who played Hanks as a child was great, too.  I understand he  chose this child out of like 2000 kids or so to play the part.  I believe  Tom Hanks has a brother like Forrest, which made it easy for him to play  the part.<br />Haley Joel Osment, who played Forrest Jr. has always been a  favorite little actor of mine.  I liked him in the Jeff Foxworthy Show and  other shows I've seen him in.  I haven't seen the Sixth Sense yet.  I know  this little boy is going to go a long, long way in his acting career, and I  just hope he doesn't turn out soured like a lot of really great child  actors and actresses have.<br />It did not mention what disease Jenny got that  made her real sick and die in the movie, butit was just about that time in  history when AIDS was first brought to our attention.  She got her illness  from sleeping around and using drugs, so I reckon that must be what she  had.  Of course, it never said, so we don't know for sure.<br />Tom Hanks  deserved his academy award for Forrest Gump.<br />Isn't it amazing that one of  Sally Fields' first movies was playing girlfriend to Tom Hanks?  Yet, she  did a tremendous and wonderful role as his mother in Forrest Gump.  Sally  Field has got to be one of my favorite actresses.  I've seen her in just  about everything she has ever been in since The Flying Nun.<br />Gary Sinise  played Lt. Dan, and he made a promise to Forrest that if Forrest ever owned  a shrimp boat, that Lt. Dan would come be his first mate.  Well, if you've  seen the movie, you know Forrest got his shrimping boat and it was the only  one to survive a hurricane because he had it out in the Gulf instead of  tied to the dock.<br />Well, if you haven't seen Forrest Gump now, I hope you  watch it.  It is worth every minute.  The music is great and all the actors  are fit for their roles.
6304240554|5.0|George does it again. Could we see a 4th movie?  DOD Is the best zombie flick of all time. Love the touch of humor in this flick (pie fight)<br />Please check it out!
B00003Q43A|4.0|The plot is basically derived from various b-grade sci-fi flicks, with many references to past milestones in sci-fi entertainment (not to mention pop culture), including &quot;Star Trek&quot;, &quot;Star Wars&quot;, and  &quot;2001&quot;. The stock \\"Alien invasion\\" and \\"The average Joes save the  day\\" storylines are used to full effect in this one. But for some reason I  rather enjoy viewing this neat little epic. And to this day, I've yet to  view a movie that boasts more realistic visual effects than this effort  (although many of the rear-projection screen shots could've been  better).<br />Howzabout them buildings? They blew up REAL good, huh huh. And  let's face it... with all the gripes we have about our government, is there  any adult Yank viewer who doesn't feel just a tiny bit of morbid  satisfaction along with the horror after seeing the U.S. Capitol building  or the White House go up in flames, even if only in fiction? Actually,  there's probably a lot of non-American viewers who find it pretty amusing  too. Not to be outdone of course, New York and L.A. also receive some quick  \\"urban renewal\\", both just as spectacularly as the D.C. blowout.<br />A good  portion of the restored Special Edition footage helps to further flesh out  the subplot involving Randy Quaid's character, who plays the stereotypical  &quot;ne'er-do-well who redeems himself in the end&quot; character. Most of  the remaining added bits are extensions of scenes, rather than entire  scenes themselves. If you are a more casual viewer of ID4, a few of these  added bits might pass you by with little notice.<br />Although not as  extensively equipped as \\"The Abyss\\" Special Edition DVD, 20th Century Fox  did throw in quite a few extra features on Disc Two, including theatrical  trailers, TV spots, production stills, and a few &quot;making-of&quot;  documentaries. There's also a DVD-ROM game that I don't presently have the  technology to try out...<br />But out of all the extras given, I find the most  entertaining part to be the original ending, which is laughably hokey...  well, more hokey than many of the other moments in the movie anyway. All  I'm going to say is you'll have to see it to believe it...<br />'Late
6301969588|5.0|Made in 1930's was very shocking for it's time.<br />goba ,gobble, goba, gobble...we except her. one of us,one of us! <br />Really great film.
B00003Q43A|5.0|i found an easter egg on the independence day dvd!  Here's how you can find it...<br />insert disc 2 in your player. At the main menu select &quot;Data Console&quot;. Put the cursor on &quot;Main Menu&quot; ( DO NOT  PUSH ENTER! ) Push right on the arrow button,and a little red light will  start to burn. Now, push enter and a disc will slide into the computer, and  a secret code will apear. Push Enter ( the cursor should be still on  &quot;Main Menu&quot;) Back in the Main Menu the spaceship should swing a  little bit. Now push 7 and 4 and then Enter on your remote control,and  see...! 4 hidden extra features!
B00000K0DT|5.0|I would say this by far one of the best written screenplays around, along with amazing acting.  Definetely a must own.
6305807086|5.0|it was refreshing to see the usually beautiful cameron diaz and john cusak in clothes and hairdos that made them appear as regular, homely people. they pulled off the job excellently and geniuinely. catherine keener did a  cool job as the icy maxine. and of course, john malkovich...what can i say?  the only thing that ever bothered me about him was that he appeared in that  3 musketerr movie with leo dicaprio. nonetheless, the man's a master at his  craft. he went along with this strange, surprising plot perfectly. i  purchased the movie recently and just watched it again today and the movie  still left me amazed, laughing, impressed, and as one reader described,  &quot;giddy.&quot; that's another great way to describe what this movie  makes you feel. &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is a movie that i will  always highly respect and love.
B000002H6C|5.0|This cd is great for a few reasons, but the most outstanding reason is the song &quot;One&quot;.  The song is very dark and deep and the video is even darker.  The video shows clips from the movie &quot;Johnny got his  gun&quot; which is based on a book by the same name.  Metallica wrote the  song after getting the idea from the book/movie.  What they came out with  was a masterpiece.  The song compliments the book/movie in every way.   First of all buy this cd and then once you get into the song, buy the book  &quot;Johnny got his gun&quot; and you will appreciate the song even more!
B00000GJ2B|5.0|Scorsese with the finest actor portraying the life of Jake LaMotta, a must-see...
B000002KP3|5.0|In the early 70's rock landscape, few things had the power of pure glam-rock.  David Bowie, Roxy Music, New York Dolls, and of course T Rex all gained popularity, sometimes underground, and more in England than the  U.S., but are all worth a second listen.  Bowie lives on, as does his  musical legacy; Roxy Music gets their due from numerous band citing them as  an influence; New York Dolls were a mere Rolling Stones clone in bad drag,  and they still get more credit than Marc Bolan and T Rex.  Unfourtunatly,  his wandering lyrical ideas and softer-than-Ziggy glam pop didn't catch on  this side of the Atlantic. &quot;Mambo Sun&quot;, &quot;Jeepster&quot; and  &quot;Planet Queen&quot; typify their moving, mid-tempo style that is both  catchy and well orchestrated.  Quicker, riffy songs like &quot;The  Motivator&quot; and the hit &quot;Bang a Gong (Get it On)&quot; take this  style a step further.  A pleasant Beatles influence is found on  &quot;Girl&quot; and &quot;Rip Off&quot; displays a nod to the Rolling  Stones heavy rhythm style without sounding derviative.  Overall, everything  is made into a singular experience, with the aide of the behind-the-scenes  glam superhero, producer Tony Visconti.  This album is a classic, and  should be rediscovered.
B000005RTG|5.0|Come Taste The Band is one of my absolute favorite albums ever.  Sometimes I think it might be my favorite Purple album, as big a Blackmore fan I might be--for Tommy Bolin really injected so much vitality into the band in 1975, it spurred the others on to new heights at times, regardless of  whatever problems they had a few months later on the road.  The album is  blessed with thick, muscular production and a devil-may-care attitude in  the songwriting and the playing.  It is a welcome addition to any serious  collection of hard rock and a shame it is not given more airplay on  so-called &quot;classic rock.&quot; Track by track:<br />1. Comin'  Home--Bolin's echoplex opens up this uptempo rocker which will have you on  the floor in no time.  Even my 2-year-old daughter loves to dance to it.   Coverdale's voice is quite powerful on this track as well as the whole  album; here the lyrics are almost like an update of the In Rock classic  &quot;Speed King,&quot; with many allusions to the '50s and having a good  time.  Bolin's solo, backed by nimble Paice drumming, never lets up.<br />2.  Lady Luck--A real gem, from Bolin's old band Energy, here given the  Coverdale treatment.  Check out the slide solo and the &quot;false&quot;  ending before crashing in with the randy chorus: &quot;Lady Luck/Come on  give me what I want/Pull me up/If I see you again, I will call you my  friend/Mmm-hmm!&quot;<br />3. Gettin' Tighter--Hughes here finally gets to put  his love of hardcore funk to the forefront of Purple; Blackmore would have  disagreed.  Glenn and Tommy both shine, with a bridge that is almost pure  funk, surely a shocker to hard rock fans in 1975.  No matter, the joie de  vivre is real and intense throughout.<br />4. Dealer--If the previous song is  about life, this song is about the underbelly, a warning against drugs  which was (obviously) not always heeded.  Here Coverdale lays it on the  line--a dealer just keeps you begging for more.  The guitar solo at the end  drives the point home.  Of interest is the fact that Lord is rather subdued  on this album, as though he deliberately downplayed the keyboards to  introduce the world to the new guitar player.<br />5. I Need Love--here Deep  Purple almost goes disco!  Many hardcore fans consider this tune the  album's weakest, but I love its attitude.  The chord progression and vocal  melodies are almost Motown-ish, but a definite British hard rock take on  Motown to be sure.  <br />6. Drifter--My personal favorite.  The tune has  evolved from the June 1975 California rehearsals into something a bit  tougher, with lyrical allusions to the Allman Brothers (!) backed by an  almost Black Sabbath-like riff.  The breakdown plays sweet to the  sour.<br />7. Love Child--Taken from an old James Gang tune Tommy had been  forced to play, but here twisted into a sinister take on Zeppelin's  &quot;Heartbreaker.&quot;  Lord gets in some playful synthesizer licks on  the breakdown.<br />8. This Time Around/Owed to &quot;G&quot;--Lyrically,  Glenn Hughes' tribute to Stevie Wonder, but the melody supposedly comes  from George Gershwin.  The harder &quot;b&quot; section is Bolin's baby,  the closest he comes on the album to the jazz-rock fusion he so dearly  loved.  <br />9. You Keep On Moving--Finally, Glenn and David sing together in  harmony again.  The simple chord structure (later utilized by Pink Floyd  for &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;) is backed by subtle slide/echoplex guitar  maneuvers.  A haunting way to end a thoroughly rocking album.<br />In closing,  a classic.  When they clicked, Tommy Bolin and Deep Purple tasted great  together.  Check out the Days May Come CD to see how some of these tunes  were put together, and then check out the King Biscuit live CD for a great  example of how they carried it onto the stage...and into the history books.   Great cover and sleeve photos as well.
B00000IFP6|5.0|The performances are excellent, and in fast tempo, but extremly enjoyable.<br />Zinman deserves a lot of credit for the excellent reading and deep study of the partitures<br />A must, regardless of the price
0140277447|5.0|This is a sobering book that sets the record straight once and for all about a little-known, much-distorted history. <br />As expected, the book has most Japanese readers up in arms with charges of propaganda and  fabrication. They can hardly be blamed, of course, since all their lives,  they have been spoon-fed by their government a fictional version of WWII  that portrays the Japanese as anti-colonial liberators and victims rather  than the brutal aggressors that they were.<br />For the information of these  indignant Japanese readers, the recollections of Japanese atrocities  contained in Iris Chang's book do not originate only from Chinese  sources.<br />Over the years, a number of surviving ex-Japanese-soldiers who  were in Nanking have come forward to confess to taking part in the  atrocities. <br />Anyone who chooses not to believe that the Rape of Nanking  ever took place would do well to seek them out for a dose of the truth. To  be sure, it would not be easy to locate them, as, for their courageous  acts, these confessors have quickly found themselves ostracized by Japanese  society, their voices hushed, their memoirs (which a few have written)  ignored or even refused publication, their personal safety threatened by  Japanese right-wing fanatics. But for their first-hand, indisputable  accounts of what indeed happened, it's worth every effort.  <br />One may  illogically suspect, as many do, Chang of dissembling and fabricating  history because she is herself of Chinese descent. But why would these  Japanese themselves (the few who have chosen to follow their own conscience  instead of the much more convenient route of collective amnesia prescribed  by their countrymen, at any rate) want to do the same if it's not true?
6303534422|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies. I could watch it non-stop and I never get tierd of it. My brothers(who absolutely hate disney and pauly shore movies) even liked it. Bravo Disney! Bravo to the cast too(especially  Pauly)! I love this movie and I'm very glad I own it.
0440219078|5.0|My class was assigned two books to read for the summer (ThePearl and the Giver) I read the Pearl first because it was shorter Iheld off reading the giver until I had little time to read it. I was afraid I wouldn't be able to finish it before school started so I started reading as fast as possible. I loved it. I read it in about a week because I wanted to see what would happen next. The Giver is about a young boy, Jonas, who lives in a colorless world who is singled out to recieve special training from the Giver. Everyone in his town has their choices made for them. Their jobs, spouses, etc. There is no war, pain, poverty, or anything else having to do with that. But Jonas learns of the memories of the past such as snow, sledding, colors, rainbows, and painful stuff like guns and sunburns. This book is really good if you have a chance to read it you should.
0393312836|5.0|In this highly original, graphic, and powerful book, Anthony Burgess, endows his main character, Alex, with a futuristic slang, in which Russian words play a major role...Alex's first person narrative flows so smoothly and naturally that, oh my brothers, I really  felt the horror that comes from realizing just how natural violence is to  us...Alex undergoes a moral  transformations, in the chapter that was originally omitted when the book  was published in the U.S. Ultimately, moral transformation can come only  from within. And the possibility of this transformation is a redeeming  element for Alex--and for human nature in general.<br />Russian is my native  language, so the book flowed fairly easily for me after just a few pages.  But beware that this new addition has no glossary. If you do not know  Russian, it may take a little longer to get into this book. But it is very  much worth the effort.
B000002BYA|5.0|What a great album. All of the hits are here from the albums &quot;Couldn't Stand the Weather&quot; and &quot;Texas Flood,&quot; plus so much more. Along with the band that night (Thursday, Oct.4 1984) was The  Roomful of Blues, a group of musicians who play the brass section. What a  great job they did! &quot;Iced Over,&quot; an old Albert Collins number, is  the best example of this. Plus, I love how Stevie did &quot;Lenny.&quot; It  sounds great in a live setting, but the best thing about it is that he  immediately goes into &quot;Rude Mood&quot; after it, solo. What an awesome  way to end an awesome album! This is HIGHLY recommended and deserves a  prominent place in any blues fan's collection.
B000002UB3|5.0|In this world there are fools who claim to like classic rock, but they shy away from the Beatles towards bands like Led Zeppelin, and The Doors. They don't know what they're missing. Abbey Road was one of the first albums I  ever heard as a child, I loved it so much I wore out the tape! The beauty  of it lies on the fact that it has two &quot;movments&quot;. The first side  of the album is broken up into rock songs, the other flows like melted  butter. One of the most apealing things about the album is there is no weak  chink in Abbey road's armor. Every song is a classic, and is arranged to  compliment the previous song. On the first side the stand out songs for me  are &quot;Oh!Darling&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot;. The latter  song is almost disgustingly cheerful and melodic. Abbey Road's second side  is the most perfect music composition of all time. It almost seems to smile  and wave as it leaves perfection behind in the dust. The Beatles final  message almost seems to be in tune with some mystical force. No wonder  Charles Manson took thier words on the &quot;White Album&quot; so  literally.
B00000ICN5|5.0|What an amazing album. &quot;Love Struck Baby&quot; starts it off and is one of their most famous songs. &quot;Testify&quot; is one of the greatest songs Stevie ever did. It shows you his rough, lightning-quick style and  why so many became imitators of his playing. &quot;Rude Mood&quot; and  &quot;Lenny&quot; are great, but are even better on the Carnegie Hall album  for arrangement. &quot;Texas Flood&quot; is a great example of classic  blues writing and another favorite of the masses. Plus, the five bonus  tracks are great. Some live stuff and even part of an interview Stevie did  in 1989, which continues on the other re-issued albums. Since this is the  debut album, this is a great place to start a collection. And you will  start one if you buy this, believe me.<br />P.S. Try to watch live recordings  of the band, where you get to see the energy they play with. Check reruns  of Austin City Limits, or buy one of the many videos released.
B000002U8G|5.0|Meddle is one of those albums that most Pink Floyd beginners will not know about. At the risk of sounding like a fanatic, it's my opinion that if you can't understand why this recording is  magnificent, you really aren't a  Floyd fan at all. This album should have been titled &quot;Introduction to  Dark Side of the Moon&quot; because it proves the band was ready to create  thier opus.    <br />The first three tracks sound like classic Floyd, flowing  nicely, and of course containing incredible lyrics. &quot;One of these  days&quot; sounds like demonic ax on the loose. It's only for show, the  next two songs are extremely mellow. &quot;Pillow of Winds&quot; is a  dreamy and poetic piece. Perfect for unwinding after the day.  &quot;Fearless&quot; is the most recognisable song on the record, the only  one I've heard from &quot;Meddle&quot; on the radio. The next two tracks  are real wild cards. Who knew Pink Floyd had a playful side? Despite thier  bad press I still enjoy them. &quot;San Tropez&quot; is so unexpectidly  bluesy, and &quot;Seamus&quot;.....well um, I still like  &quot;Seamus&quot;!<br />The sixth track is of course the coupe de grace of  &quot;Meddle&quot;. I'm listening to &quot;Echoes&quot; as I am typing. You  know you've found a great song if you can feel fear, joy, lust and sadness  in just one melody. &quot;Echoes&quot; is that song. Don't be fooled by the  23+ running time. I say why complain about more of a good thing?
B00000272N|4.0|As far as debut albums go, this one is very strong. Alice in Chains proved themselves to be more mature than just about every other grunge band right from the get-go. &quot;Man in the Box&quot; is the most famous song on this  album, but I prefer &quot;We Die Young,&quot; which is an early example of  how awesome Layne Staley's voice is. Also, check out &quot;I Know Somethin  (Bout You)&quot; to hear one of the catchiest intros they've ever done.  This is a good album, certainly not their best in my opinion, but should be  in any fan's collection.
1573225517|4.0|It's not often an author masters the difficult skill of writing humor, but  Nick Hornby takes the big prize for his rip-roaring novel High Fidelity.  I  really loved this book.<br />As a record collector, I was drawn to the book  immediately. Within these pages my thirst for great and obscure rock music  was satisfied, but as I read, I began to care about the  narrator/protagonist Rob, the 30-ish record shop owner, right off.  Why?  Because his voice is so genuine and self-deprecating.  And maybe being a  woman gave me even more reason to love the guy: he comes across as a  passionate man struggling inside an immature and obsessed teenager--but  with a difference.  And I can't tell you exactly what the difference is,  but it has something to do with the character's self-knowledge.  He knows  it's time to grow up, but he doesn't want to, and he doesn't really see why  this gets in the way of his success, as it were.  The older I get, the more  I realize that most of us feel this way, and that seems like a harmless  enough quality, really. This novel captures an authentic character.<br />Part  of the entertainment in this novel has to do with its style, of which it  has a ton.  Hornby is a clever writer who has fashioned a narrator so bent  on succeeding in his relationship, that he's constantly checking himself  and &quot;top fiving&quot; everything.  I found this absolutley hilarious  and realistic.  His misery is alive and gnawing at him as he labours to  figure out his failures, and it comes out in some of the funniest dialogue  written.<br />Just read the first few pages and you'll be hooked. The voice  shines.  There's no challenging plot or point to scare readers away,  either.  It's just pure entertainment with so many great musical footnotes  that readers may find themselves digging out the music Rob ranks. And by  the way, the movie really captures this character and his world well, but  typically, the book is just so much more crystal clear.
0517122707|5.0|John Kennedy Toole wrote this one great book and sent it around to publishers and agents, but nobody wanted to publish it or even much liked it, so he committed suicide.  After he was dead, it won the Pulitzer Prize.  (If the internet had been around, he could have just posted it online, and  we all could have enjoyed it--emailed to tell him--then maybe he'd still be  writing timeless literature.)  The farcical structure of this outrageous  novel and its wonderful characters will be a source of joy forever.  Lesson:  Don't kill yourself too soon.  Also:  Trust yourself.  And:  Read  &quot;A Confederacy of Dunces!&quot;
B000002UBU|5.0|I was fortunate enough to see a very young and nervous Don McLean perform alone at a high school &quot;performing artist&quot; assembly on a wintry March afternoon in 1970, right after his debut environmentally conscious  &quot;Tapestry&quot; album had been released, but before &quot;American  Pie&quot; was released the next year. Anyone who saw him knew he would be a  superstar if that's what he wanted. Sure enough, with the release of  &quot;American Pie&quot; he got fame with spades, and promptly retreated  from that kind of public attention ever since. he has had a number of  excellent albums; but has never recaptured the sort of outrageous success  he achieved with this one; indeed, he seems to be singularly uninterested  in anything to do with it. Instead, he has spent the last 30 years  following the whimsy of his own heart and artistic sensibilities.<br />Yet  all the brilliant talent and ability is here, folks, from the legendary  title cut to &quot;Vincent&quot;, an esoteric paean to Vincent Van Gogh,  &quot;Winterwood&quot;, a lovely love song, &quot;Empty Chairs&quot; and a  number of others, all of which should still get FM air time but never have.  By the way, I have had to chuckle over the years at all the questioning and  active efforts at second-hand interpretation that has gone on regarding  what the title cut is really all about. Such wondering and endless  intellectual speculation really misses the point that McLean the incredibly  gifted artist so singularly makes in the song itself; the music is the  thing. It's the music that makes us smile. As did Buddy Holly, The Big  Bopper, and Ritchie Valens, so to with Don McLean. Listen to what he has to  say, and how artfully and wonderfully he phrases it. This is a timeless  work that will always be around. Enjoy!
B00004THAY|5.0|Are any of us mere mortals really qualified to cast judgment on the techique, mastery, and finesse of any of E.C.'s or B.B.'s works?   C'mon, these two legends are the pinnacle of the Blues!   Listening to them work  their craft together is like heaven on earth.
B000002BSV|5.0|I watched the Suede concert in September,1999 in Hong Kong and the band played a majority of the songs in this brilliant album.Trash is glam, beautiful ones is modern,lazy is sensational, popstar is smart,saturday  night is romantic.... The coming up is reborn from the Dog man star as it  has energetic, sentimental and pop element with the new band members to  join and play it well. Coming up will tell you that the Suede is the very  important band in the decade.It is not &quot;trash&quot; as every song in  this album can be issued as singles! David Bowie, Japan, Visage are the  legend in the past, the Suede is the future one. The Suede is the name of  fashion.
078322799X|5.0|The Frighteners is wonderful. It is the best film Tim Burton never made. What a ride! Can you honestly think of a film that is more of a headtrip? Not even Being John Malkovitch can match the visual flare and out of  control meyhem that The Frighteners offers, and Spike Jonze is one of my  favorite directors! The effects and visual flair are amazing, and the  performances are well suited (Jeffery Combs steals the film, my god, he is  incredible.) For fans of dark comedy and true visual feasts, this is a  must. Buy now.
6305609721|4.0|From a &quot;trek&quot; point of view, this film is a must. A definate favorite among the true fans, this is one of the few Star Trek movies that the lay person can also enjoy. <br />The Director's Series  &quot;Featurette&quot; was quite enjoyable, and leaves a hunger for more.  The trailer is a nice addition, but so much more could be there.<br />This DVD  is a nice addition to any collection, and is a must have. The quality of  the picture and the sound is high, but not as high as the superior latter  films (mostly FC and Insurrection).<br />As far as the film goes, the fun  style of the well built characters shines. The plot, while a bit singular,  is consistent and enjoyable. <br />Bottom line, get this DVD! Star Trek is  immortalized - the voyage shall continue in your home and in your hearts.
B000002BUY|5.0|this cd is just overwhelming!its got so many styles that flow together effortlessly.incubus's raw talent is represented very well here and in my opinion is there best but they all of their cds have a distinctively  different flavor.if you appreciate real music then buy this sucker...heck  even if you like crap you would be compelled to play this over and over...
B00004RE7C|4.0|An emotional and loyal movie, the crew put the good of the one infront of the good of the many. (A theme in films II-IV)<br />The movie was of epic proportions. The final scene and the valediction of the Enterprise brought  a moment to all of our eyes and our hearts. <br />While it is unstated, it is  assummed that Savik mated with Spock during his Pon Far, and that is the  reason why she stayed on Vulcan in ST:IV (to bear his child). Watch and see  what you think.<br />Genesis becomes tainted, in so many ways, in this  movie.<br />Overall, a fun movie and a great time!
B000006NPY|5.0|Throughout their career as musicians, the Smashing Pumpkins have centered their sound around heavy, rifted guitars, singing about the dark side of love.  In Adore, the band has taken a very brave step in creating an album  that still has the same topic, but minus the heavy guitars.  Billy Corgan  still provides the Shakespearean style lyrics, but tones down the painful  angst to a soft, calm, fresh note that really launches the c.d. off as a  classic, unique idea by a rock band.  I personally loved Adore, however, I  will admit that it is a c.d. that takes a little getting used to.  The  meaning of the songs have plunged themself into a deep, dark wonderous  adventure that in some verses, will make you laugh, cry, wonder, and be  thankful for what you have.  In my opinion, some of the most meaningful  songs are those that are not well known, and don't have a video.  These  songs include 'Blank Page&quot;, &quot;For Martha&quot;, and &quot;Daphne  Descends&quot; which personally, I like better than &quot;Ava Adore&quot;,  or &quot;Perfect&quot;, and I'm NOT saying those are bad songs or anything,  its just that sometimes you have to look below the popular things to find  the real gems, and thats what those tracks are, gems, along with every  other song on this album, and every other album by the Smashing Pumpkins.   The bottom line is that &quot;Adore&quot; is an album that deserves high  praise and recognition, and any Pumpkins fan that does not have the c.d.,  go get it, and warm up to it, because its a fabulous piece of work, and I  simply &quot;adore&quot; it.
6305513414|4.0|As with so many of the original series episodes, both episodes have fabulous social issues hidden behind their &quot;star trek&quot;/&quot;science ficition&quot; fronts. <br />The First episode,  Mudd's Women, is very poignant in today's society considering what is  beautiful. Woman have always tried to &quot;marry&quot; back in the 60's.  This episode broke through that barrier &quot;beautifully&quot;. (If you  pardon the pun.)<br />The second episode, has wonderful first moments  contained. Technology actually malfunctioning - whoda thunk? The various  personifications we all hold within ourselves. The first &quot;He's Dead,  Jim&quot; was spoken in this episode as well as the famous Vulcan Neck  Pinch.<br />Two superb episodes have been perfected on this DVD.  <br />Both  classic episodes, a must have!
B00000AFWW|5.0|Well, I can't compare this c.d to other Hole c.ds because this is my first.  I can tell you this though, they are a fantastic band, and I plan on buying more of their c.ds.  Personally, I like Hole better than her late  husbands band, Nirvana.  Hole has the talent to make any type of music, and  it still sound great.  The only person that I know of that can do that is  Billy Corgan, who wrote 5 of the songs for Courtney on this c.d.   If you  are like me, and haven't listened to Hole before, do yourself a big favor,  and go pick up this c.d. today, because it's one of those truly great rock  albums that come around once in a lifetime.
B00003CX59|1.0|The violence in this film is so excessively sadistic that parents should be forewarned before bringing it into their living rooms under the guise of some kind of updated legendary entertainment for the family.  'Sleepy  Hollow' could be subtitled 'Everything You Always Wanted to Know about  Beheadings (during and after).'  Two examples:  a whole happy family is  beheaded, one by one, with each member seeing a loved one's severed head  before being killed; and a man is impaled with a fence post before his  daughter's eyes and dragged outside to get beheaded.  Outside of that,  'Sleepy Hollow' is all atmosphere with a daffy storyline.  As a friend's  teenage daughter commented afterward, &quot;It wasn't even scary.&quot;  If  this wasn't a mainstream film, one would think the deliberate,  choreographed sadism is the product of sick minds.  It's probably just a  sign of the times.
B000000WA4|5.0|Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is a unique album due to its wide expansion of musical genres.  It flows slowly form the beginning until you hit the song &quot;Jellybelly&quot; which turns the album into a swirling  melodic work of art with its twisting guitar notes.  Mellon Collie  satisfies all your tastes for music. The orchestra of symphony in the song  &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; proves that Billy Corgan is not only a master  at songwriting and the guitar, but at performing songs that lead totally  away from the rock world, and still count as rock.  Not only a c.d. for all  tastes of music, but also in a small way, you can count Mellon Collie in as  a tribute c.d. that not only honors teenage angst and pain, but to the band  Queen. The song &quot;Porcelina of the Vast Oceans&quot; is a 9:21 opus of  soft melody combined with the rifts of James Iha and his guitar to  commemorate the band in a way. The first c.d. not only houses soft,  lullabye songs such as &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; and &quot;Porcelina of  the Vast Oceans&quot; but loud, in- your- ear guitar playing songs that  travel from the depths of &quot;Zero&quot;, and &quot;Bullet With Butterfly  Wings&quot;, to the heights of &quot;Love&quot;, and &quot;Muzzle&quot;. In  a way, the entire c.d. seems to find ways to mold the heavy, angstful  guitar notes into a brighter, happier tone which is a success in this c.d.     The second c.d. in this double set entitled &quot;Twilight to  Starlight&quot; definitely delivers the heavy, poetic guitar playing, as  the first c.d. does. The c.d. starts, with slow, rythmic guitar, and floods  over its banks in the songs &quot;Bodies&quot;, &quot;Tales of a Scorched  Earth&quot;, and &quot;XYU&quot; creating a metallic masterpiece.  Again,  the spectrum of all music is filled within this &quot;Part 2&quot; section  of Mellon Collie. With songs such as &quot;Thirty Three&quot;,  &quot;1979&quot;, and &quot;Beautiful&quot;, the spectrum is filled by  songs loaded with love, sadness, and in some brief moments, originality.   So, to wrap up this review, let me say this; Mellon Collie and the Infinite  Sadness is one of those rare gems of a rock c.d. that is worth its weight  in gold.  Any music fan who has not picked up this wonder, needs to, so  they can take the journey through a c.d. that never lets up, and always  delivers what you want.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have seen.  It is definitely the best comedy I have seen.  The concept of having has-been actors mistaken for real space adventurers is pure genius.  I initially thought it was going to  be corny, but I quickly found that the scenes had a good balance between  humor and serious drama.  And the transition between the two worked great.   Not only did the movie successfully show us how ridiculous situations can  get, but it showed us the consequences of bad decisions when we get into  those situations.  The convention scenes suffiently looked like  &quot;DragonCon&quot; to have me laughing.  And the special effects were  surprisingly good.  I ended up watching this movie a couple of times when I  first bought it on DVD.  I give this movie my highest recommendation.
B0000025DR|5.0|This is my favorite ELO album, there is not a bad song in the bunch and &quot;Nightrider&quot; is one of their most under-rated songs. It's one of the catchiest ELO songs ever recorded. &quot;One Summer Dream&quot; is also  one of their best ballads.<br />If you're a longstanding ELO fan, you will  have spent thousands of hours listening to this album. If you are just  discovering this wonderful group, start right here, it's a listening  experience you will not soon forget.
B000002LQQ|4.0|I've listened to a lot of Dire Straits over the centuries, and this album has two of my three favorite cuts by Mark Knopfler and his troup - specifically &quot;You and Your Friend&quot; and &quot;Planet of New  Orleans&quot;.  Overall the album is nearly a solid listening pleasure,  with only &quot;Iron Hand&quot; breaking step.  I see connection between  the songs, in that they all appear to be parodies of things people hold  near and dear.  It ranges from loads of fun to somewhat scary.  Fairly free  of dated lyrics.  I have given copies to many of my close friends, and we  all expect to enjoy this album for many years.  I predict that some folks  will not appreciate Mark K's sense of humor.  Regardless, it is a very  powerful set of visions, and wonderful music.  I say buy it.
B00000J2KY|3.0|Any movie adaptation of Nabokov's masterful novel would be inferior to the book, obviously. But this is really inferior, despite the fact a genius like Kubrick directed it. The high point of the film is *not* Peter  Sellers, who is rather irritating here, but James Mason, who makes the  perfect Humbert. If you read Nabokov's physical description of Humbert in  the novel, Mason fits it to a &quot;T&quot; except he's slightly older than  the actual character.<br />Sue Lyons is ridiculously &quot;old&quot; to play  the part of a 12 year old nymphet. Lyons was 17 when filming began and  looks every inch of it. Her perforance is surprisingly good considering her  inexperience and the fact she never played a decent role after this one.  Shelly Winters, as the sex-starved wife of Mason, is perfectly cast. The  scene where she discovers Humbert's diary is delicious.<br />The greatest  thing about &quot;Lolita&quot; is Mason, whose performance is elegant and  quietly commanding. Watch him as he responds to Winters or Sue Lyons, he's  brilliant even in repose.
B000031WD9|5.0|One of the funniest films I have seen in a long time. Whats really good in my mind, is that you can watch it time and time again and it is still as funny as it was the first time.<br />Superb
0316777722|5.0|In what might be the most unusual autobiography ever, David Sedaris has  seamlessly melded his trademark brand of humor with the often bitter truth  of reality, and in turn, presents the reader with something almost magical.  Divided into two halves, the book traces his life before and after moving  to France. The short, defined chapters make this book an excellent summer  read, and the content is equally as engaging. His humor is able to  transcend the boundaries of what we've come to know humor writing as in the  20th century, and create a new, unique style. Whereas observational humor  is typically funny due to its normalcy, Sedaris makes his absurd and  bizarre life a disturbingly funny reality. I highly recommend this book to  anyone, and would also recommend the equally as good \\"Naked,\\" also by  Sedaris.
B00000DGUG|5.0|A truly amazing release by the enlightened Alanis Morissette! I can only hope for her to release another album as thought provoking as this one!
B000002U82|3.0|This is an excellent album by Pink Floyd, but I think it has been overrated. The space-like sound was achieved thanks to the maestry of Alan Parsons. A good work, but I much prefer Alan Parsons Project works, with a  similar 'ethereal' sound and which have been under-rated
B000002MG1|5.0|Many R.E.M. fans will tell you the band didn't create a good album after the IRS years.  However, they usually will concede this album's place as a truly great album.  This CD is probably the greatest of the '90s, and among  the all-time great albums.<br />&quot;Drive&quot; is an incredible opener.   When Buck's guitar comes in during the third verse along with the strings,  it's a moment of pure beauty.  The hushed lines &quot;hey, kids, rock and  roll. nobody tells you where to go&quot; still give me chills.<br />&quot;Try  Not To Breathe&quot; shows how wonderful this album is.  This isn't one of  the highlighted songs, it wasn't a single, it's what would usually be a  &quot;filler&quot; song on most albums.  However, if this song were on any  other album, it would be the hit single, and people would be &quot;running  through the streets naked screaming about how great it is.&quot;  <br />&quot;The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite&quot; is another terrific example of  how strong this album is.  I honestly cannot hear this song without singing  along to it.  It's beautiful in an addictively fun way.<br />&quot;Everybody  Hurts&quot; is just a beautiful song.  Full of both sadness and hope,  definitely one of the album's highlights.<br />&quot;New Orleans Instrumental  No. 1&quot; is my least favorite song on the album.  It's not that it's a  bad song, but it just doesn't work as well as other R.E.M. instrumentals  (&quot;Zither&quot; or most of the &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; soundtrack).   <br />&quot;Sweetness Follows&quot; is incredible.  The feedback is used to  perfection, and the lyrics are unforgettable.  &quot;Readying to bury your  father and your mother, what did you think when you lost another? I used to  wonder why did you bother, distanced from one, blind to the  other?&quot;<br />&quot;Monty Got a Raw Deal&quot; is another wonderful song.   A great commentary on life in general.<br />&quot;Ignoreland&quot; is a  somewhat unpopular song on this album.  It almost recalls the revolutionary  attitude of &quot;Green.&quot;  However, it is still a wonderfully strong  song.  It's not that this song isn't good, it's that it doesn't fit with  the atmosphere of the rest of the album, really.<br />&quot;Star Me  Kitten&quot; is an interesting song.  Beautiful, quiet, the antithesis of  &quot;Ignoreland.&quot;  Interesting placement on the album.  <br />We've all  heard &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; by now.  Another wonderful song, but not  as good as most of this album, in my opinion.<br />&quot;Nightswimming&quot;  is absolutely beautiful.  The piano and strings arrangement go perfectly  with Michael's vocals.  <br />&quot;Find the River&quot; is in the league of  &quot;Electrolite&quot; and &quot;Falls to Climb&quot; when it comes to  great R.E.M. closing songs.  Beautiful.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Its safe to say that Rock, not to mention all music has been downhill since 1974.  There have been a few great bands since then, Queen, Nirvana, Rage Against the Machine, and it appears, after this record, Red Hot Chili Peppers.  Not since Nirvana's In Utero has there been such a great rock  album.  It has feeling, seen in songs such as Californication and Road  Trippin, but also has the loud typical RHCP hip hop that just generally  kicks.  There is perfect balance between the two styles.  Best Record  of the past 6 years, no doubt.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I am not very fond of many of the movies today brought to us by former members of the cast of Saturday Night Live.(Adam Sandler and Rob Schneider in particular) I don't appreciate movies that are basically Saturday Night  Live extended in minutes only with a price charged for the viewing. I don't  like 90 minute(or longer) sketch fests. Why pay for what you can get for  almost free on television?(The Waterboy, Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore,  Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo, Austin Powers: 1 and 2) While  &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; stars former cast members of sketch comedy  television shows(Rick Moranis in a show in Canada(I don't know the name)  and Bill Murray and Dan Aykroyd on SNL in America) this movie strays very  far from that and has a very well defined hilarious plot. Dan Aykroyd, Bill  Murray, and Harold Ramis play a group of university professors that are  fired because of their crackpot theories that are referred to by the dean  of the school as the worst kind of popular tripe.(Whatever that is) They  decide to go into business for themselves as professional  paranormal  investigators.(They catch ghosts for a living) It's hilarity all the way  when the Environmental Protection Agency attempts to shut down their  operation and they are accused of faking their busts. The characters are  unforgettable. You have Peter Venkman(Bill Murray), the pyschologist that  never studied, Ray Stanz(Dan Aykroyd), the serious scientist who did study,  Dr. Spengler(Harold Ramis), the eccentric crackpot theorist/scientist who  might have drilled a hole in his head if Dr. Venkman hadn't stopped him,  Winston Zeddemore(Ernie Hudson), the guy that just works there(The four  gostbusters) then you have Dana Barrett(Sigourney Weaver) the first  customer who is in need of busting(she has a ghost problem in her fridge),  Jean(Annie Potts) the disgruntled secretary who says she had quit better  jobs than the one she had with the Ghostbusters, and my personal favorite  Lewis Tully(Rick Moranis), the obsessive compulsive accountant/neighbor in  Dana Barrett's apartment building who seems hell bent on describing every  little event in his life with absolute detail even spouting the price of  the food he got for his client instead of friends party. Walter Peck, (I  can't remember the actors name)the EPA representative is also a hilarious  send up of the perception of just how ravenous the EPA can be at times when  they feel strongly about an issue. Buy, watch, and enjoy a classic comedy  of biblical proportions. Well, pretty damn close anyway.
0792838912|2.0|It was an ok movie nothing big. i saw the unrated version and i dont see what was so unrated about it. watch Wild Orchid it was much better.
B000001FS3|5.0|It's the sign of a truly special album when the non-hit songs best the popular songs that were released to radio. If you've only heard the first three radio tunes on \\"The Joshua Tree,\\" then you've only heard one-third of the album, which means you're missing the best parts. \\"The Joshua Tree\\" contains both huge, arena-ready sounds and quieter, more reflective moments, and is even folkishly quaint in some parts. I suppose it's that somber, sober feeling to this CD -- a sense of searching innocence from U2 -- that makes it such a worthwhile gem.<br /><br />Lyrically, Bono has said that the \\"Joshua Tree\\" is incomplete, making it hard for him to listen to at times. That's hard for me to fathom. There's a real sense of personal searching and sadness that overlays much of this album, which doesn't sound unfinished to me. If you want arena-styled anthems, stick with the first half of the record. \\"Bullet the Blue Sky\\" is as good as rock music gets, opening with a spine-tingling guitar intro that manages to maintain its foreboding buildup and excitement throughout. This is the type of song that superstar rock stars write, and thankfully it wasn't released as a single and played to death on radio.  From there, \\"The Joshua Tree\\" changes gears. \\"Running to Stand Still,\\" a song about the perils of drug use, has soft, tender vocals, quiet piano and is almost a dreamy lullaby compared to the monsters that preceded it.<br /><br />Looking back, it's surprising how low key U2 kept the second half of this album. The songs are folksy and centered, nearly hymnal in parts, uncorrupted by fame, industry and overly loud guitars. Songs such as the longing \\"Red Hill Mining Town,\\" the gorgeous \\"In God's Country,\\" \\"Trip Through Your Wires\\" and the chiming guitars in \\"One Tree Hill\\" are as moving as music can possibly be. This is not hard rock or pure folk, and it's certainly more meaningful than mere pop music. Simply put, \\"The Joshua Tree\\" completely transcends decades: This could be music for the 1980s (it was), 1990s (the band moved on in a big way) or 2010 (we'll see what happens).<br /><br />The final song, \\"Mothers of the Disappeared,\\" features Bono's hypnotic voice -- lullabaic and utterly musical. Like its predecessors, \\"Disappeared\\" is addictively melodic, with guitar by The Edge in the background, chiming away magnetically. \\"Exit\\" is the only tune to rock a bit on the back half of the album. Otherwise, there's nothing fancy or over the top, musically, lyrically or productionwise.  It's simply a collection of some of the  greatest songs around, with dedicated and genuine words by Bono. Anyone looking to build his or her CD collection with pure classics would do well to include U2's \\"The Joshua Tree.\\"(it was), 1990s (the band moved on in a big way) or 2010 (we'll see what happens).    The final song, \\"Mothers of the Disappeared,\\" features Bono's hypnotic voice -- lullabaic and utterly musical. Like its predecessors, \\"Disappeared\\" is addictively melodic, with guitar by The Edge in the background, chiming away magnetically. \\"Exit\\" is the only tune to rock a bit on the back half of the album. Otherwise, there's nothing fancy or over the top, musically, lyrically or productionwise.  It's simply a collection of some of the  greatest songs around, with dedicated and genuine words by Bono. Anyone looking to build his or her CD collection with pure classics would do well to include U2's \\"The Joshua Tree.\\"
B000001EL3|5.0|Detroit Rock City, Shout It Out LOud, Beth, God Of Thunder, Flaming Youth! Probably the most well known KISS album. Must-Have for any KISS fan.Great Riffs. Great Tunes. Great Rock. BUY! Worth the money!
B000002HH9|4.0|Though it has taken me a while, I have grown to love this album.  The myriad of styles presented here is a treat, with each style presented being best in class.  Robert's voice, not to mention the band arrangements, never  sounded better.  I think the reason people rate this album so low is  because it has a &quot;grab-bag&quot; feel rather than presenting a single  mood and/or theme, like Bloodflowers, Pornography, Faith, or Seventeen  Seconds.  Those albums are great when you are in the mood, but this album  presents a more upbeat, dare I say, listenable alternative.  No, this is  not their best album, but it is highly underrated.<br />The album opens with  &quot;Want,&quot; one of the Cure's most emotional and powerful songs ever  written, even if the theme is recycled from &quot;Never Enough&quot; 6  years prior.  &quot;Club America&quot; is good, but is something of a  novelty in my opinion.  &quot;This Is A Lie&quot; is also good, with  interesting lyrics, though it is not one of my personal favorites.   &quot;The 13th&quot; is a classic track with the band taking on a  latin-tinged sound, horns and all.  I found this track bizarre when I first  heard it; it reminded me of something from The Top, like &quot;The  Caterpillar&quot; in its wacky, acoustic sound.  Robert's vocals are great!   Next is &quot;Strange Attraction,&quot; which is possibly my all-time fave  Cure lyric.  Amazing meter &amp; rhythm.  Then it's the happy-go-lucky  &quot;Mint Car,&quot; which has been described as &quot;Friday I'm In  Love&quot; part 2.  I agree with this description, though I think the  guitar solo is brilliant.  &quot;Jupiter Crash&quot; is more on the  melancholy side, and is not like many other songs the band has written in  the past.  &quot;Round &amp; Round &amp; Round&quot; gets across a great  message, but the song is somewhat forgettable.  &quot;Gone!&quot; hearkens  back to the Japanese Whispers era somewhat in its jazz inflections.  Nice  musicality, especially inRoger's keyboard work and the horns.   &quot;Numb&quot; is a great song, though not one I ever would have  suspected this band to write.  Nice acoustic guitar.  &quot;Return&quot; is  a pop classic that I never skip over when listening to this CD... I am  always in the mood for this.  &quot;Trap&quot; is probably my favorite from  this album.  Mark Price plays the drums on this one, and does an amazing  job (why didn't Jason play the drums on this one?)  Next is  &quot;Treasure,&quot; another one that is on the top of my list... sounds  like it could have been on Wish.  The strings add a lot to this song.  The  album closes with &quot;Bare,&quot; which is the album's epic closer.  This  is an acoustic number that works nicely.<br />The Cure did a fine job on this  album, even if some of the drum tracks were laid down by someone other than  Jason, who should have done the drums on every track, in my opinion.  I  think during the making of this album the Cure were having fun, and it  shows.<br />Don't let everyone steer you away from this album.  It is  different from other Cure albums, but if you are a true fan you should be  used to that.  The best thing about this album is that there is something  for everybody here.  <br />Give this album a chance... you won't be sorry!
0440234743|5.0|I loved this book.  I enjoyed traveling along with with the hero.  I am  glad to see that the author was brave enough to show that money can be  misused.  I was glad to see that the missionary, event though she died, was  given a monetary reward
B000005J56|5.0|Great musics , superb musicians, it's a proof that there is still good music in the world, in spite of american/british pop.
B00003CWL5|4.0|Did you ever feel like your family was\is dysfunctional? Or know someone who came from one? If you answer no to both of these questions,DON'T EVEN BOTHER TO WATCH THIS FILM! You'll find it to be disturbing,crude,and  offensive,which is everything it isn't. Times have changed,we're no longer  living in a &quot;Brady Bunch&quot; world,and believe it or not,but the  Burnham's are actually your typically family. Screenwritter Alan Ball has  managed to write a dazzling portrait inside an american family. He makes  everything seem &quot;real&quot;, and as I stated before,there are families  out there like this one,we believe everything we see on screen,this isn't  just due this a great screenplay,we have very good performances here too by  Kevin Spacey,Annette Bening,and Thora Birch as the Burnham's and Mena  Suvari also gives a good performance. There's a line in this movie which  goes something like this...There's so much beauty in the world sometimes I  just can't take it. That one line is the whole point of the film. We have  Lester(Spacey)a man who hates his job,him family and seemly life in  general. And he goes through this whole transformation,for what? He's  changing but is anything else? Everything will remain the same as before.  And it's at the end of the film he finally thats notice that while he  thought things were awful he didn't realize that he was happy. Now did this  movie deserve all the Oscar's it got? No. At least that's my opinion. I  felt that Eyes Wide Shut was looked over(It didn't even get a  nomination!),should any of the actors have won? No. But it would of been  nice to see Mena Suvari and Thora Birch nominated,I don't think they should  of won but a nomination would of been nice. What did deserve to win was  this truly great screenplay. Here's a film.that if you look at it in the  right context,can actually give one hope for things to come,but you have to  &quot;look closer&quot; to find the beauty in this film. And I think as  time passes,people will take notice.eople will take notice.
B00000JPH4|4.0|I like this movie, although it's probably not for everyone.  It takes an effort to get into, it doesn't start with a bang or anything like that, but the puppets are just awesome.  It's story line  is reminiscent of Tolkien's  Lord of the Rings, although it most certainly doesn't try to be that same  story.  Parts of it are eerie, or even rather frightening, but it really is  an excellent movie if you take the effort to involve yourself in it.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|With their sophomore effort, Affirmation, Savage Garden does not  disappoint.  The fact that they write all of their own songs is quite an  accomplishment for the young and talented duo.  Their tight harmonies and  melodious voices blend effortlessly. The title track is a futuristic,  danceable, moralistic, semi-political gem.  Whether or not you agree with  the message, you'll be singing and dancing to the music. Track two Hold Me,  is an honest evaluation of a relationship  headed for the rocks, or on the  verge of reconciliation (take your pick).  The beautiful love anthem I Knew  I Loved You makes for a perfect wedding tune.  The Best Thing follows, yet  another love song explaining the inexplicable joy and insanity of being in  love.  Crash and Burn is a song of friendship designed to encourage those  who  feel they are the only ones who suffer loneliness and depression  (whether  self inflicted or brought on by others).  Chained to You, with  its groovy  guitar licks and S&amp; M overtones is just plain fun. The  Animal Song also a fun  favorite, makes you think twice (about what?) upon  repeated listening. The  Lover After Me, a lamentation of someone who  cannot get over a lost love,  transfers the emotions quite clearly and  artistically. The message in the  domestic violence tune that follows Two  Beds and a Coffee Machine, is  ultimately, a positive one of survival while  You Can Still Be Free details  the task of overcoming the death of a loved  one.  Gunning Down A Romance -  the weakest track on the CD - is bland  (what's it about?).  The final track,  the ballad I Don't Know You Anymore,  is far from cheery, but its emotion and  realism help to make it a  favorite.  Affirmation would have benefited greatly with just one more  upbeat dance tune to close the collection. This is an intelligent and  pleasurable addition to your collection however.  A great follow up to  their multi-platinum debut.
6304297912|5.0|I saw this movie not knowing quite what to expect, but I am very glad I did.  Being from the USA, I had some trouble understanding parts of the dialog, but after a while you just start hearing it (hint:you'll probably  catch more the second time around).  This is an extremely well done movie  with terrific acting from everyone involved (esp. McGregor and  Carlyle)...well worth the time taken to watch it.  And oh, yeah, the music  is awesome!
B000002J1B|5.0|This is my favorite of all YES albums.  I've always appreciated the dynamics of the YES sound and this album seems the most adventurous of all.  But the other albums are definately close in rank!<br />&quot;Gates of  Delerium&quot; is just littered with intensity, dramatics, and a wonderful  closing section that evokes great passion.  With current technology able to  create digital sounds of any magnitude it's amazing that YES were able to  create a rich sonic landscape using only their instruments and some  effects!  &quot;Sound Chaser&quot; would appeal to most rock and/or Jazz  lovers.<br />I recommend this album for anyone looking for a YES album with  all the right stuff.
B00000JPH5|4.0|This movie's all right.  It's not GREAT or anything, but it's fun to watch on an afternoon when you have nothing else to do. Jennifer Connelly did a very good job as Sarah, although there's something kind of strange about  seeing David Bowie singing with goblin puppets and waving his arms around.   He's not exactly threatening...But never mind that.  This movie is a whole  lot of fun no matter what your age, it's not just for kids.
B00004THAY|4.0|This one of the best CD's put together that I have ever heard.
B000003S0K|5.0|&quot;Velvet Goldmine&quot;  got me buying lots of music from the glam rock era, and because I loved all the Brian Eno songs on the aforesaid movie's soundtrack I figured I should get this album.  It's excellent.  All  the songs are wonderful to listen to, albeit some are a bit weird, but Dead  Finks Don't Talk is probably worth the price...but it's stupid to buy an  album for one song, so buy it because all the songs on here are great.
078324228X|5.0|For whatever liberties Norman Jewison's movie takes with the &quot;facts&quot; (it IS a movie, after all), this film moved me like few others in 1999. No other actor could have pulled off the solitary scenes  like Denzel without looking ridiculous. This is why they make movies about  &quot;true stories&quot;: if you find it compelling, you seek out other  books, articles, etc. about the subject and form your own truth. Don't rely  on a single Hollywood movie for all the &quot;facts&quot;. I highly  recommend the DVD; once again, a first class effort by Universal with an  insightful running commentary by the Director.
B00000K19E|3.0|The Matrix is a movie that is good, but could have been so much better.  Essentially they needed a plot that could carry the main point of the movie: show awesome special effects that are not possible in the real  world.  Main point achieved.  This movie has some truly remarkable scenes  that left me stunned. <br />However, good dialogue and plot could have really  carried this movie to a whole new level.  Without giving away the central  idea, the secret of &quot;What is the Matrix?&quot; is silly.  There are  many reasonable alternatives that could have made the movie more believable  and even thought-provoking (I bet you can think of at least three).  As it  is, whenever people talk, sense they do not make.<br />See this movie, because  it is fun.  That said, it was painful for me to watch this movie a second  time knowing what it could have been.
B00004TDTO|5.0|So what if there's no director's commentary. The extra features are fun and as usual the Laurent Bouzereau documentary is outstanding. Even if the DVD contained the movie only, it would be foolish to complain. One of the  great movies of the 70's and when the hell is &quot;Close Encounters&quot;  coming out?
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is now my favorite CD.  The first songs I'd heard from Creed were What If and Higher...I wasn't sure if I would like the other songs on the CD, but this is the only one that I can listen to from start to finish and  love every song. It's a great CD!
B000002I25|5.0|Morrison, either by design or chance, assembled an album that told the story of Americans in a &quot;desperate land&quot;.  We were at The End. We WERE the riders on the storm. We were the hollow men that Morrison  described without singing those words (Kurtz did).
0446310786|5.0|\\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\" is more than the usually discussed issues of racial bigotry and the human condition under trial. Don't let me take away from those values at all... but Harper Lee has written a book transcending a literary social commentary. She has written a love story.<br /><br />A love story? huh? Who gets married? Does anyone kiss? Are there passages of deep romance? No, no, no... none of that. Try instead family love.<br /><br />Atticus is the kind of single dad we need to see more of in this generation. He cares for his children so much that he protects them from the fires of his grown-up life of representing an innocent man. He protects them from the full impact of his neighbor's lies. He shows them how to love them, even though he knows his neighbors hate him and the love of fellow man he represents.<br /><br />If all Atticus, the father, did, was love the innocent man, he would be doing a good thing, but he demonstrates love and allows dignity (when possible) for the ones persecuting the innocent. He shows he is a big man, and his children mimic this sense of understanding.<br /><br />Deeply rooted in the memories of his children, the story has a gentle subtext of growing up. You can almost taste the lemonade of the porch and smell the flowers in nearby gardens.<br /><br />Lee's power as an author here is that she does let her statements about humanity overtake the story. Rather, she lets the story tell the story, and she just writes down what happened in her imagination.<br /><br />Her characters are not paste-up Southern children or adults, but complex characters all of us relate to (even me up here near Chicago!). Relationships are embedded in the depth of being neighbors. This creating a milieu of angst in Atticus' children when they see the adults warring in court and out of court in matters of truth.<br /><br />I fully recommend this book, and think to give it the best reading possible, examine how interwoven the story is with its various cultures and characters. The power of Lee's message will be plenty clear.<br /><br />Anthony Trendl<br />[...]plenty clear.    Anthony Trendl  [...]
B00004TH7Z|4.0|I really like this CD.  I've been listening to it a lot lately.  It's great to have the old Iron Maiden back, and it looks like a lot of other people are just as thrilled as I.  I really like that the band did not feel  the need to reinvent themselves on this new record.  Instead, they have  stayed close to their signature sound and true to what it is their fans  have always loved about them.<br />The songs on &quot;Brave New World&quot;  are solid--great playing, great vocals, beautiful production and mastering.   With six people playing loud heavy metal at once, it's amazing the  separation the instruments get in the mix, while the overall sound is full  and up-front.  As usual with Iron Maiden, the awesome rhythm section  propels the music forward through time changes and the big dramatic  movements that you'd expect.<br />The reason I give this four stars instead of  five is that the songwriting for me is a little off.  By that I mean that  the songs here lack the brilliant hooks that so many classic Iron Maiden  songs have.  The songs are solidly written, and are extremely interesting  instrumentally, but nowhere on this record is there anything for me with  the stick-in-your-head raise-your-fist catchiness of &quot;Run to the  Hills&quot; or &quot;Two Minutes to Midnight&quot; or &quot;The Number of  the Beast&quot; or &quot;Iron Maiden&quot;.  That said, I predict many  hours of listening to this CD in the future, and I recommend it to any  Maiden fan, especially a fan that's been away awhile.
B000002AS1|5.0|This CD is ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS. I you want a CD that will calm you, sooth you and just plain make you feel GREAT, BUY THIS CD TODAY!
6305903182|3.0|Scream what a series of films.  It all started out as probably one of the best modern horror film series and ends on a kind of downer.  With the absence of Kevin Williamson's writing talents this film has a strong lack  of scares and suspense.  As a HUGE horror film fan I found this film quite  dry.  What made the first two films great was an enormous amount of scares,  wit, and originality that brought the films into a new generation.  But  like most horror film series the goods have to end sometime.  Much like  Halloween or Friday the 13th, if the sequels had been kept to a minimum  they would have become immortal.  Where Scream 3 is concerned it simply  offered up nothing new to really be scared by, such as Drew Barrymore's  opening phone conversation in Scream or the scene in Scream 2 where Sidney  has to crawl over the killer to escape a wrecked car.<br />This film opens  with Liev Schreiber's chilling death where the killer seeks info on the  whereabouts of the now hiding Sidny Prescot (played very well by Cambell  again) and leads the viewer into a false sense of things to come.  The  murders continue to plague the set of the new horror film \\"Stab 3\\".  In the  name of that movie inside a movie title is the first inaccuracy.  Wouldn't  it or shouldn't it have been \\"Stab 2\\"?  Even after the grisly death of  Schreiber's character, Cotton, the production goes on on the new Stab film  leading to the untimely deaths of several other cast members.  Returning  again are Cox and Arquette reprising their roles of Gale Weathers and Dewy.   Perhaps the best part of the film and sadly little used was the meeting of  the real characters and the Hollywood characters, the best example of this  being that of Cox and Posey who really seemed to work well with each other.   During the course of the story Sidny has visions of her mother being  murdered which would have been a nice effect had it been done just a little  better.  I won't go into detail of what the rest of the storywas about  because it may for some give away the end.  The end I found to be  unexpected that is to say who the killer was, but I was disappointed to see  that they went there.  There was also a lot of hype whether or not Sidny  gets killed in this one or not.  You'll have to see it because I won't tell  you but some may be disappointed.  Over all not a bad film but could have  been better, it is worth seeing and I have to say a fun ride. Nice little  cameo by Henrekson. <br />Now for the DVD review.  This was actually a great  DVD presentation of this film it offered up a lot of extras.  The picture  and sound quality was very good and the over all presentation was  excellent.   The alternate ending that is advertised wasn't all that  different, I guess I had my hopes up for something different.  But needless  to say this is how a DVD should be done, loads of features and cool  presentation.  The one downside is the listed price...just a little too high.
B00000J6AG|4.0|i got this cd the day it came out...as soon as i got home i put it in...i'd heard about this cd moby was doing with alan lomax field recordings and didn't think it was that big a deal, but it still touched my  soul...this was before it got big off bodyrock and i thought it was  beautiful...i think the sales prove that people can have good taste after  all. remember, just because it sells doesn't mean it's not good.
6300263673|5.0|Rarely has a movie a great story line as well as wonderful music.  I saw this movie when it first came out and when it is on cable, I watch it all over again even though I have the tape.  It can always cheer me up.  The  dance moves are spectacular.  It truly is a masterpiece in the way it shows  the budding relationship between Johnnie and Baby.  The innocence of the  time allows the relationship to progress at a more leisurely pace than  would happen today.  The sense of position also puts a restraint that most  of us cheer to remove.  We all like to see the underdog win.  Especially  if he looks as great as Patrick Swayse does in this movie.  It is nice to  see the great looking guy falling for the not as great looking girl for a  change.  This movie may not be factually correct as far as the music of  the time it is portraying, but who  cares.  A great movie and one you  finish with a smile on your face and a dance in your step.
B00004T9UF|4.0|Eminem really sounds angry in this cd.  I warn you, if you get offended easily, this cd is NOT for you. Basically, this cd trashes homosexuals, talks about how Eminem doesn't give a care about anything, and disses  &quot;pop&quot; groups. &quot;Kim&quot; is nothing but a screaming fit  given by Eminem.  &quot;Slim Shady&quot; is a good witty song.  The rhymes  and the beats is the reason I gave this a 4 star rating.  Another thing to  look out for is the cuss words.  I would recommend this cd, but if you get  offended easily, please don't buy it.
B000000H66|5.0|Chuck Schuldiner and Death have, once again, created another classic thrash/death metal album that goes above and beyond anything the Florida death metal scene has ever put out.  Yes, Morbid Angel is a close second,  and if I'm not mistaken Angel Corpse is also from FL, so I gotta give my  credit where it's due.  But really, Chuck is a guitar god and his band on  &quot;Symbolic&quot; are just phenomenal at what they do - and that's play  their self-described &quot;Dream Theater death metal&quot; so distinctly  that just one listen for a second or two of any song from this album, and  any fan will immediately recognize it.  The instrumentation, time changes  and individual talent really shine on this album, as nothing surpasses it  in the genre -  with the possible exception of Death's newest monster,  &quot;The Sound of Perseverance.&quot;  <br />If you're a fan of the Florida  death metal explosion and you DON'T have this album, consider yourself a  death metal heretic.  (Wait, that could be a good thing.)  At any rate,  just GO GET THIS CD, because if you're reading this, you like metal - ANY  metal fan will love &quot;Symbolic.&quot;
B00000J7JO|5.0|One word can describe this CD, awesome.  It puts One Hot Minute to shame (which is actually not all that bad). Memories of listening to Blood Sugar Sex Magik are evoked after listening to this CD.  All the songs are great  and cannot wait to see them in Denver with STP.
6305903182|5.0|This film makes the Everlasting Saga end. . . Sydney changes her name to Laura. Dewey has gotten over the trauma at Woodsboro and now only limps periodically. Gale is not only calmer but she has definately changes SOME  of her ways. A new breed of killer has risen from the saga. This time  leaving traces of Sydney's mother behind. Almost every murder someone  retrieves a picture of Maureen(AKA 'Rena). A film producer with an  obsession of 'Rena. A marauding movie &quot;Gale&quot; (Parker Posey) a  hilarious black charactor. And ultimately a very tense opening scene! The  amazing part is that this film somehow is following the ever changing rules  of the horror movie. This makes a Trilogy. The killer is errie with a  vocoder making his voice sound like anyonrd he wants. . . More original  than the 2nd film and more tense than any! Great Performances. The DVD is  good but i can't seem to make mine full screen and I also think they should  have remastered the deleated scenes and alternate endings. The TV spots  were all too much the same but were a good addition and the Audio  Commentary got a little annoying after 5 minutes (i won't use any audio  commentary anytime soon!) The picture is sharp and the sound is great. This  is a great film for a great trilogy conclusion!
B000031X7T|5.0|these cd's are amazing, you get a different feel about the preformance than you do when you listen to the studio CD.  Buy it if you are a huge fan because it's cost has risen considerably.
0451169514|1.0|I hate to say this, but this is probably the worst book I've ever read.  Reading the Amazon reviews, it doesn't surprise me that people have read it 10-20 times.  You HAD to in order to figure out what the heck was going on!  I nearly cried at the end -- partly in joy for having finished it...  partly in sorrow for the hours I lost reading it.  I haven't read a Stephen  King book since I read &quot;It&quot; years ago.  I used to love his books,  too... *sigh*  Hopefully I'll get over &quot;It&quot; one of these days and  rediscover King's work, like the scary-as-hell Pet Sematary.  Now THERE'S a  great book!
B00000IQMT|4.0|After more than 20 years since the Star Wars Trilogy, Williams has returned to score episode one.  When I first saw it on sale, I had great expectations for it, remebering New Hope and the other two scores.  What I  got was instead another great Williams score, almost good enough to be a  classic.  The characters themes weren't as impressive, in fact, it was hard  to notice any except Jar Jar's and Anakin's.  The Sith Spacecraft cue was  perhaps the closest cue sounding like the original Star Wars.  Duel of The  Fates was one of the best tracks and made the best use of choir in all Star  Wars movies I have seen thus far.  Unfortunately, the tracks were out of  order, as usual with Williams's pieces, and almost an hour of music remains  unreleased.  Aside from those flaws, I still highly recommend this.
6304711921|5.0|I really find myself amazed at Tim Burton's talent.  His dreamy, dark feel that mark all of his movies, is present in this one.  This feel, is exactly what gives Nightmare it's charm and quality.  The plot is good, centered  more as a modern child's fairy tale then anything else.  The music is  great, even for people who don't normally like musical cartoons (like  myself).  The characters I think are what decide this film more then  anything for me.  Jack Skelington, Oogie Boogie, and Sally are really my  favorites.  The stop motion, clay look really lends itself beautifully to  the characters, and makes me wish I had some of the original models used  while shooting the film.  This really is a great movie, and should be a  staple in any Burton Collector's library, and really a good move for anyone  to watch.
B00004T8RK|4.0|I bought this album after I heard the single &quot;Nothing As It Seems&quot;. It had been a fan of Pearl Jam before, but was let down by &quot;No Code.&quot; But, I bought the album and after I got home, I put it  on immediatly. The album &quot;Binaural&quot; starts out with the rocker,  &quot;Breakerfall&quot; which was okay at first, but it got better after a  couple of listens. &quot;God's Dice&quot; is extremely catchy and  memberable. I expecially like the chorus, it's very original. Then it moves  on to &quot;Evacuation&quot;. The verses are really catchy but the chorus  (which is only Vedder singing &quot;Evacuation!&quot;) falls flat and  really ruins the otherwise good song. &quot;Light Years&quot; is a nice  toon. What stands out in this song is the guitar riffs, easy to say that  they're brilliant. &quot;Nothing As It Seems&quot; is the reason I bought  this album, and it's sure a pleaser. The lyrics are wonderful and the lead  guitar is jammin'! &quot;Thin Air&quot; is a very catchy song that you can  easily like the first time you listen to it. It's not the best song on the  album but it's pretty close to it. &quot;Insignificance&quot; is a pretty  good song. The verses are okay, but what really set's out is the chorus.  The lyrics in the chorus just hit you and you really feel them. The guitars  in the song &quot;Of The Girl&quot; are some of the best I've heard.  Although the lyrics are not up tone to the rest of the song, the guitars  make up for it. &quot;Grievance&quot; is an okay song. There's nothing that  really stands out in this song, but still, it's listenable.  &quot;Rival&quot; is a little too expirimental. The riffs are good but the  lyrics are at all catchy and the guitars become a little monotonous at  around the middle of the song. &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; is better than  &quot;Rival&quot; but still not the best that Pearl Jam can do. It falls a  little flat after a while. It's a lot like when a can of soda pop goes  flat. It's drinkable, but really enjoyable. &quot;Soon Forget&quot; is a  truly genius song with Vedder and a single Ukeleli (I don't know how to  spell that). It's possibly the best song on the album. I can listen to it  over and over again, and I don't ever get tired of it. At first I thought  it would be a song like &quot;Bugs&quot; off of Vitalogy (who can forget  &quot;Bugs&quot;?). But I was proven wrong when I get farther through the  song. &quot;Parting Ways&quot; is a really good song to end the album. The  lyrics are probably the best in the album.<br />Over-all, &quot;Binaural&quot;  by Pearl Jam is a great album. Easy to listen to in one sitting. Pearl Jam  has complete music control, which is probably why they're still around. I  hope that Pearl Jam will keep on and produce more album like  &quot;Binaural&quot;. It's possibly the best album by Pearl Jam, but it's a  close race. Another thing that I need to mention is the booklet and the  little drawings. They're quite good, especially the sappy violin on the  page with the lyrics for &quot;Parting Ways&quot;. Well, if you don't have  &quot;Binaural&quot; then I suggest that you go out and buy it today.
0553212419|5.0|If you are a mystery fan, this is a can't-miss collection of the early  Sherlock Holmes stories.   While most of the stories are not as clever as  the ones in the original Sherlock collection (\\"The Adventures of Sherlock  Holmes\\"), this book introduces two pivotal figures in the series -  Sherlock's eccentric brother Mycroft and the evil mastermind Professor  Moriarity.  Most fans agree that the stories in ADVENTURES and MEMOIRS set  the standard to which all other Sherlock stories are compared.
1853260193|5.0|Vanity Fair<br />I began to read Vanity Fair after seeing the BBC series.  The series is superb but the book just surpasses it. Thackery was one of  the great cynics of the 19 th Century and this work is his masterpiece.  Like all great works it is rooted in its time, yet says things for our  time. The human heart has changed little and Thackery would not have been  surprised by the 21st Century. Do not consider this to be cultural duty,  this is a great book with ideas that can change your life and make you  reflect on your own vanities.
0790729733|4.0|I liked this version of JFK better than the original version because the extra footage helped to explore the conspiracy of President Kennedy's death and Jim Garrison's attempts to uncover the truth.
0060920084|4.0|Pity poor Bill Bryson.  He had the chance many of his readers would love to have--travel throughout the US with apparently no money or time constraints.  (Even if a Chevy Chevette may not be everyone's idea of  comfortable travel!) However, the main word Bryson can find to describe  places he doesn't care for is the oft-repeated &quot;boring.&quot;  The  Mississippi River is &quot;flat and dull,&quot; and merely driving is  almost invariably &quot;boring,&quot; unless the scenery is spectacular.   Ah, what's a guy to do when he has book to write?  Carry on, despite  overcrowded national parks, sleepy small towns, ignorant people and the  occasional threatening weather.  Still, in spite of the negative attitude  Bryson so frequently adopts, the book is entertaining and enlightening.   Perhaps I enjoyed it so much because I agree with so many of Bryson's views  about the over-commercialization of America's natural wonders and  historical places. I also sympathize with his regrets for the lost small  towns, particularly the downtowns which have been decimated by the  development of malls, strip malls, large discount stores and fast food  franchises until all small towns look depressingly the same. Perhaps the  best thing one can say about a book like this is that it made me want to  make my own journey of exploration, to discover the country on my own.  And  that, I believe, is the response any travel writer would love to have.   Bryson succeeds and so I recommend the book to all readers who can smile at  the foibles of America and Americans, including, perhaps, themselves.
630018157X|4.0|I enjoyed this film because of Gregory Peck's portrayal of General Douglas MacArthur.  It was powerful and I was amazed by it.  The portrayal of President Truman in the film was just as convincing.  I think it's worth  watching.
B00003BDXG|4.0|It's hard to begin describing this movie. I have just recovered from a 2 hour session of mesmerized viewing of this movie which leaves you no words for a complete description. And, I must say this is one powerhouse of an  offbeat movie. Mickey and Malory play the part of a mass murderer duo. It  is as if, their only pleasure in life is attained from killing other  people. Tarantino does an excellent job of fusing the movie as it moves on,  with scenes from Mickey and Malory's troubled childhood.<br /><BR> This is not  a movie for the weak hearted, never. If you think you can survive the  scenes played herein, to watch numbers which leave you gasping at times, go  for it. Special credit goes to the selection of a wonderful soundtrack.  haunting rendition of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan's numbers which give life to  the episodes, 80's and 90's music played with the fullest effect, I don't  know how it could have been done better. The movie is not all about murder  and violence, perhaps we should treat it more as an education in what we  'might' expect in America, we see glimpses of these every now and then - on  televisions, the newpapers, what not. When a media reporter decides to  shoot a live interview of Mickey who has now been jailed for an year, the  prison inmates go haywire, ... I won't disclose the story, but, every  moment can be treasured. <BR> Go for it guys, but, .... you have been  warned !
6304711891|4.0|I have this film on DVD and I think that Michael Bay did a good job on directing this film.  This film is just as good as Armageddon.  I think that The Rock and Armageddon are two of the best films that Michael Bay has  ever directed.
B000002MG1|5.0|I was a big fan of REM in the 80s when I was in college, but they fell out of my favor when Document came out, and especially with the appearance of the pop hit Green.  Frankly, I had given them up for another indie band  gone commercial until, by mere chance, I saw the video for  &quot;Drive&quot; on MTV: it was mesmerizing and I rushed out to get the  album.  It didn't disappoint at all, from the opening &quot;Drive,&quot;  through the melancholic but hopeful &quot;Everybody Hurts,&quot; to the  affecting &quot;Nightswimmer.&quot;  Stipe's &quot;natural&quot; voice has  here found its best expressions--and without (for the most part) the  trademark slurring and mumbling that characterize the early albums. An  album that beckons again and again (and truly excellent at night with  headphones).
B000002LND|5.0|Are you kidding? Not a loser in the bunch!<br />Madonna even 17 years later is still the pop queen.<br />With 10 #1 singles to her credit, and songs like &quot;Vogue&quot;, &quot;Into The Groove&quot;, &quot;Material Girl&quot;  and &quot;Like A Virgin&quot;...her music stands the test of   time.<br />Perfect pop for your CD collection.
0915811774|1.0|I found this book to be nothing but alot of mumbo jumbo, I felt as tho I  was reading the same thing over and over and got very bored with it. alot  of it made absolutely no sense to me either, I found it to be a real  sleeper!  Altho I did enjoy the first book I read from her, called spritual  growth, that book was very interesting.
B00004TEWP|5.0|Only five stars, this album needs like 5,000,000 stars.  This is one of the best albums i've ever heard.  She outdid herself.  The bonus tracks rule, especially &quot;Heart&quot; it is such a sweet songs.  I'm glad i  finally got to hear all of &quot;You Got It All&quot;.  But my fav. track  is Lucky which is going to be her next single, You'll are gonna buy tht  single too.  But if any of you have the american cd, notice in her thank  you's she thanks the guy that wrote &quot;Heart&quot; even though it's not  on the album.  But the album is great buy it immediatly
630575067X|4.0|Star Wars is by far the greatest movie series of all time. It, in my thoughts, blows James Bond out of the water, and I'm a Bond fan. It's the classic story... Good v.s. Evil. It had great acting, special effects, and  most importantly, outstanding directing by George Lucas. <br />Who would've  expected, although some of us were hoping, that a prequel would be made? I  was shocked, but more than anything, excited. I immediately got a  subscription to the magazine to keep up with all the new things that were  going on during filming. <br />After pre-ordering my tickets and seeing the  movie the first day it came out, I thought it was the best movie I ever  saw. The special effects blew you away, the acting was very good, but Jake  Lloyd was a different story. It had everything to make a great story, but  the classic Star Wars wasn't there. There wasn't just one enemy, and after  seeing the movie, you're almost gurenteed a new adversary in the next move.  In the original trilogy, there was Darth Vader, Darth Vader, and what was  that name again in Return of the Jedi? Oh yeah, Darth Vader. I would've  liked to see Darth Maul make more appearances considering how popular he  was, almost as much as Vader. Ray Park did an excellent job playing the  Sith apprentice. But with his death at the end, we, yet again, know that  there's a new enemy in store for us in Episode II. <br />Coming from a huge  Star Wars fan, I would say that this was an overall good movie, worthy of  staying close to my VCR for viewing at any time. I was considerably  disappointed with the choice of Anakin. (I hear that Haley Joel Osment (The  Sixth Sense) also tried for the part but was rejected. He would've been  much better.) But with the minor flaws that The Phantom Menace had, it  still deserved to win the Special Effects award at the Oscars, along with  sound effects, directing, and possibly best picture. George Lucas made a  much better picture than American Beauty. His directing was better, andthe  movie was better as well. And although I enjoyed The Matrix, it shouldn't  have won special effects. I mean, come on! Look at Episode One! Something  must be rigged there. <br />So for any fan of Star Wars, I highly suggest you  to watch this movie. For those that don't like sci-fi, you might not like  it. There are long, boring dialogue scenes, but remember, it's the first  movie. They have to describe it.
6304493681|5.0|It is a must to see title with a great story, but I found that the release informaiton is incorrect. Its run time is not 115 minutes, but only 83! I had this film from another shop, so I though yours is different than  it.<br />(In hungarian language)<br />Kiváló film, de a hossza nem 115 perc, mint  ahogy itt áll, hanem mindössze 83! Én azért vettem meg, mert azt gondoltam,  ez egy hosszabb verzió.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Ok so Jennifer Lopez is hot. That's all she has going for her. This girl can not sing a beat. She held together fairly well on &quot;No Me Ames&quot;, a terrific duet with Marc Anthony. Only problem was, Marc had  most of the singing parts. &quot;Promise Me You'll Try&quot; was a good  song, but everyone else stunk. I'm not &quot;Feelin' So Good&quot;, because  it's &quot;Too Late&quot; to say no to this CD. If you respect music at  all, record a few songs from a friend, and end it there! Save your ears the  torture like so many of us have regrettably already done.
B000002VCW|5.0|Maybe May Stacy should stick to listening to Brittney Spears. Obviously the intellect of Al Stewart has her massively confused. This cd is unbelievable. It would be one of my top dozen chosen if trapped on a desert  island.
B000000H5K|5.0|ROOTS by Sepultura is in a league of it's own, heavy metal combined with Amazonian tribal music!  The CD flows wonderfully, opening with the energetic and pounding Roots Bloody Roots, then into more heavy songs.   Then just as you get pumped up from all that kicka** metal, the tribesmen  come in and play bongos and other tribal drums for 5 or 6 minutes, it's  great! You can just sit back, relax, and enjoy the mellow beats.  Then just  as your about to enter a state of complete relaxation, the crunchy guitars  and jackhammering double bass blast in and all hell breaks loose all over  again! It's a wonderful listening experience, and nobody, metal fan or not,  is better from not hearing it! BUY IT!   Chaos AD is also awesome, and  contains some tribal elements.
B000002MG1|3.0|I didn't realize the Backstreet Boys &quot;Millenium&quot; wasjust as good a record as &quot;Automatic&quot;, but the cumulativeaverage stars prove it. I own all of R.E.M.'s albums, but I'm partial to their earlier records.  However, the good stuff on this record is outstanding.  &quot;Sweetness Follows&quot;, &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot;, &quot;Nightswimming&quot; and &quot;Find the River&quot; are all wonderful examples of the tenderness and insight this band is capable of.  &quot;The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonight&quot; and &quot;Ignoreland&quot; are just short of annoying.  I don't overly applaud &quot;Drive&quot; since the signature line &quot;Hey, kids, rock and roll&quot; was borrowed from fellow Athens contemporaries Pylon.  The catchy, hook-laden &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; proves Stipe and Co. can write a hit single with the best of them.  I'D LIKE TO GIVE THIS ALBUM 3 1/2 STARS.  This is definitely R.E.M.'s best record of the 90's.  If you are new to the band(is that possible?), this album along with Murmer and Life's Rich Pageant would be fine introductions.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is my first Metallica disc, and I need to listen it every time I sit near the CD player. Use your headphones and forget the world.
0446525537|3.0|Anyway you look at it...it was definitely a sob story.  Those with a tender heart and spiritual conscience would love this little book.  Easy reading...and enjoyable.  Life for teenagers in the last 50's...Wow, wish I  could have been there. Jamie's maturity level was so admirable for a girl  her age.  Girls today are so caught up within themselves.  Jamie's brave  example of making a Christian stand, regardless of being the preacher's  daughter, should be a role model for young people today. (Not being part of  the crowd). I think there are more Landon's in the world, too. The thought  that Landon so unwillingly allowed Jamie's kindness to overcome him was  beautiful.  Isn't that how love really is?  We want to know everything  about that person, and spend every second with that person.  Reaching and  searching into one another's souls.  My eyes teared so much during the last  few chapter's that I could hardly see to finishe.  But, I couldn't stop.   And, only until Landon returned to Jamie's bedside, did I ever suspect the  possible ending.  I was still hoping to read that Landon would go to school  to eventually take Hegbert's position in the community.
0590259385|5.0|I've given this book to every one of my nieces and nephews between 1-3 yrs of age and they love it!  (Disregard the 4-8 age recommendation) The rhymes are fun to hear, the words are silly and the pictures are cute!  They just  keep giggling and their parents laugh reading it to them!  This is always a  winner as a gift (especially for Moms on Mother's Day).  I now give it to  new Moms-to-be at the baby shower along with my other favorite, Barnyard  Dance.
B000002P2W|4.0|Again, some of the greatest works of art are misunderstood.  I think Pete Townshend even told us that when he said: &quot;You at home can easily decide what's right/ by glancing at the songs I write/ but it don't help me  that you know ....&quot; <br />I don't think this album was made to be gobbled  up by the masses.  It is a lot like Alice Cooper's 1978 masterpiece  &quot;From the Inside.&quot;  You are ALLOWED to enter into a world that  one wouldn't normally understand.<br />As far as the record goes, it contains  some of Tonshend's finest melodies.  I don't think it is easy to argue with  jams like &quot;However Much I Booze&quot; or melodies such as  &quot;Imagine a Man&quot; or &quot;Blue Red and Grey&quot;.  It even  affords Entwistle an erstwhile place to soap-box in &quot;Success  Story.&quot; Such a record!<br />Sometimes it is good that people don't  &quot;understand&quot; a record.  Those who need it or want it seek it out,  and it strikes a chord as resonant as the last chord of &quot;A Day in the  Life&quot;.  Only for those that know ....  And isn't art made for those  that take it in?
B00000IQMT|3.0|This is a great soundtrack compossed by john wiliams but the sountrack dont have a few important themes like when qui-gong mealt the door with his light saber,and when he fihgts first time vs darth maul and when the  trade federation control droid ship blows up these are a few not included  in sountrack I hope they relase a complete version like another starwars  sount tracks and I think I not the only who thinks in that way ok this is  only my opinion but when a complete version exist I  will bouhgt a one (2  cd set I hope) ok thanks a lot for reading.
0679777547|4.0|If this was a movie, it would have to be filmed in black and white. It  should star somebody dark and moody, like a young Marlon Brando. There  should be a buxom blond, smarter than she looks, and a young athletic  brunette, quiet and intense. <br />This book is a lot about looks; it's  atmospheric, slow and steady paced. It's a book about books, where  something strange is going on. It has scenes, not chapters, settings, not  places. <br />Club Dumas reminds me of &quot;The Magus&quot;, by John Fowles,  in a strange way, especially near the end when there turns out to be ...  just kidding. You'll have to read the book to find out. But &quot;The  Magus&quot; borrowed a lot of content from Shakespeare's &quot;The  Tempest&quot; and &quot;Club Dumas&quot; seems to draw content from several  other books, and maybe &quot;The Magus&quot; is one of them, though it is  not mentioned.<br />If you're a devotee' of film noir, or a lover of Alexandre  Dumas (as am I, and I loved seeing a photo of him; I had no idea he was  writing only 120 years ago, and that he was half-black), you might like  this book. If you don't like books that are dark and moody and heavy on  description and the supernatural, than I recommend against it.
B00004SCX6|5.0|From the moment I heard her single, I knew I had to run to the store and buy the cd. With her amazing voice, great personality, and incredible dance moves and looks, she makes my world exciting!
B00004THAY|3.0|I guess it just didn't meet up with my expectations.  I had expected hard-jammin-swing-from-the-ceiling-bust-out-the-windows blues BUT this is decidedly mellow.  Still.  Pretty good.  How could it not be?
B00000JPH4|1.0|I bought this video because I normally like scifi/fantasy stuff, and the reviews were good. Unfortunately, it stank. The plot was very predictable, which isn't a problem sometimes, because movies have to run a specific way.  I understand that. BUT, the journey TO the end of the plot wasn't worth  taking! I felt like I was begging it to just be OVER! Not only that, the  special effects were ho-hum, there was absolutely NO dramatic tension, the  main character is a little brat. Here's an example. He's journeying with a  little dog-thing, and it just helped unbury him from a big pile of rocks.  It starts barking. He shushes it. It starts barking again. He yells at it,  &quot;Fat lot of help YOU'VE been!&quot; Starting to get the idea?
0151003084|5.0|When I first saw this book as a poster in a gothic store, it had all 26 pictures each with their corresponding line laid out on the poster. I was fascinated by this, these many deaths of children laid out in nursery rhyme  format depicting non-graphic death scenes drawn with wonderful skill.  I  asked my mother about bringing it home, but she said she didn't want to see  anything this morbid in her house...but that was then and this is now.  I  found out it was a book(or made into a book, that I don't know) by finding  it in that same store about a year ago.  Good thing I remembered the  author's name, it was his name that led me to find it here at amazon.com, I  have since then purchased this book, and I enjoy reading it occasionally or  just looking at the magnificent art.  Who knows, I may even let my children  read this some day.
B00004TL21|4.0|Well, I first have to admit that I was never into the Deftones. BUT, being as how Maynard James Keenan is my hero, I found that he contributed a bit to this album. Since I am one of many who has been waiting for years for  the next Tool c/d, I buy anything Tool-ish to hold me over. Needless to  say, when I heard Passenger at a bar in Mobile I was hooked. After I got  over Passenger, I meandered through the c/d and was VERY pleased. I never  really liked the Deftones before b/c I'm not big on hard and screamy music.  This album is a good balance of mellow and hard, and really shows that  bands like the Deftones often have more to offer than first meets the eye,  or ear in this case. It shows that they are capable of always putting  something good out there, while at the same time expanding their horizons.  Definitely worth a listen.
0784010188|5.0|Terminator 2, I know few people who have not seen this masterpiece.  This movie is directed by James Cameron and I think many would agree that Terminator 2 is one of his best films.  The acting is pretty good for an  action flick.  Robert Patrick does a convincing job as the cynical T-1000.   The rest is of the cast is ok.    Computer graphics excel in this movie.  I  still can't believe how they did this in 1991, and the graphics are still  comparable current films.  Action is great and there's a lot of it.  But  there is also a great story.  If you see one sci-fi film this decade...See  Terminator 2
B00004T9UF|4.0|I see why people love this album and why they hate. Eminmem is a different kind of rapper. I personally like the ablum. You kind of get to see what he is about. If you don't like violence and provocative language this is not  the ablum for you. The ablum is different, if you don't like change its not  for you.
0767802659|3.0|This is the we call a 'turn-off your brain and enjoy' movie.  The action is set at break-neck speeds, while keeping some sort of story.  The computer graphics are stunning and it seems that it was supposed to make up  for the terrible acting of Casper Van Dien.  I don't know about the book  and its resemblence to it, but its a great action filled movie with enough  gore to rival Saving Private Ryan.
6305212139|5.0|This concert was one of the best concerts of the Spice Girls I've ever seen!  It is great, they sing awesome songs, dress fantastically, and sing great. They do it just fine without Geri. I like this one because of  the songs, just like the other tour concerts. My fav parts are: If you  can't dance, Lady is a Vamp, Say you'll be there and We are a family. A  must have to very Spice fan!
B000002ULO|5.0|this album is amazing.  In every aspect, it prevails as his greatest recording since The Beatles.  He flexs his ballad muscle in this album: Little Willow, Calico Skies, Somedays.  These are the gems on this album.   His rockish songs like Flaming Pie, Really Love You are bad a-- jams.  He  can still bring new bands of my day to shame.  This albums sound is what  caught me.  Paul, if your out there,  I'd really like to thank you for this  album.  For showing all of them out there how it's done.  You Rock!
B000001FY9|5.0|Very good &quot;best of&quot; album. It has most of the great song the king of reggae recorded during his amazing carreer. The catchy tropical folk sounds mixed with Marley's easy, yet deep lyrics makes him one of the  greates artists of this century. Listen for Redemption Son, Buffalo  Soldier, Three Little Birds, and the always fun Jammin'. A must have album.
B00004SCX6|3.0|I happen to like several of the songs on this cd, but what gets annoying is that they all do sound very similar. I have read reviews saying that her voice in this cd is much more adult but I strongly disagree. Her voice is  so distorted and high pitched in most of the songs that she sounds like a  little girl.  Also, the &quot;uh&quot; at the end of every word (as an  attempt to add sexuality to the songs) gets annoying after awhile. I like  the beat of the songs and am glad I bought this cd, but there is just only  so much you can take. I would recommend this cd to anyone that enjoyed her  last one.
B00000J7J4|2.0|The first point I will make is that Carlos Santana is an amazing talent and one of the best guitar players to ever live...but this album is just a marketing strategy designed to use Santana's style and musical credibility  and mix it with an MTV-friendly sound and thus sell millions of records. As  we all know it worked like charm. Yet this album is a mediocre musical  accomplishment. Santana's style and the style of whoever the guest artist  is does never really congeal into one in any track of this album, save a  few exceptions. And it is a real shame bacause Santana's talent and a few  fresh ideas is all you need to a great record. No necessity to invite every  trendy MTV performer to play with you.
0783219172|5.0|Note:the following review may contain spoilers,so read at your own risk.<br />The Frighteners is a very cool and unique film from director and co-writer Peter Jackson (creator and director of the ultra-violent cult  films Dead-Alive and Bad Taste.)Although Frighteners somewhat lacks gore,it  has it's moments.It's quite scary in places and also effectively uses humor  and never overdoes it like other horror comedies usually do.The special F/X  are excellent.The Frighteners (the ghosts) are very well animated and the  Reaper (the bad ghost) is incredibly freaky looking.The script is above-  average and the acting is superb.Fox is perfect at the role of Frank  Bannister and Jeffery Combs'  performance as Milton Dammers is really  awesome.  He's a real hoot to watch.The Reaper however,  really steals the  show.Although he wasn't &quot;played&quot; by an actor,he's still a hoot.As  I said,the film balances comedy and horror effectively. One moment your  laughing really hard when a ghost is vomiting through his cheeks and the  next moment your screaming out loud when The Reaper appears brandishing his  razor-sharp sickle. Jackson once again,doesn't disappoint.As I said   earlier,the special F/X are excellent.The  Frighteners are brilliantly  animated,The Reaper    is incredibly freaky looking and one Frightener (a  dead army Major) can transform into a machine gun wielding warrior.The  ending is fair and the &quot;Heaven And Hell&quot; sequence is absolutely  incredible.Although the film is fairly gore- lacking,it's still got some  rather gruesome scenes.Dammers gets his head blown off with a  shotgun near  the finale (very messy!) one Frightener (a decomposing zombie cowboy) gets  sickled in half.Overall,The Frighteners is an  excellent comedy/horror that  balances the two genres extremely well and never overdoes either.  Jackson  has created another masterpiece. Brilliant special F/X,excellent  acting,great music,a kick a$$ villan and loads of scares and laughs make  this a hell of a load of fun.Buy it! Rated R for some violence and  language.
B00000J6AG|4.0|Excellent album. Moby draws from every musical genre and creates a greatly unique and thoughtful sound. His music is deep and filled with emotion. Musically challeging, Moby constructs multi-layered standards that should  become classics.
0782008364|5.0|The first hour and half of this hour and forty five minute movie is a flashback. Our movie opens with Corky (Gina Gershon) bound and locked in a closet. The flashback tells us how she got there. It opens with Corky  riding an elevator with Violet (Jennifer Tilly) and her boyfriend, Caesar  (Joe Pantiliano). Violet makes a point of giving Corky the eye. Corky finds  this strange, as Violet is obviously straight (she can hear the sounds of  sex through Violet and Caesar's bedroom wall). Caesar is a mobster who has  it in for the local boss, Jonnie Mazzone (Christopher Meloni) who is boss  for no other reason than he is the son of Gino Mazzone (Richard Sarafian).  In any case, immediately after Violet seduces Corky, a third party, Shelly  (Barry Kivel) gets caught skimming from the mob, is tortured (in the  grittiest scene of non-gratuitous violence you have ever seen (really, it  adds to the suspense)) and finally killed (blessedly off camera). The  problem is that he is shot over the money, so Caesar is forced to become a  money launderer in a more literal sense than he would desire. Caesar has to  wash and iron the money ($2M) before Gino comes to get it the next evening.  Violet goes to Corky, She wants out. She wants Corky, a professional thief,  to help her steal the money. But Corky has just gotten out of jail. Why? A  partner ripped her off. But she decides to steal the money with Violet  anyway. Since she is the professional, it's her plan. Unfortunately, the  plan is flawed. The plan is: she steals the money, Caesar finds out, Caesar  runs. When Caesar finds out about the money, he doesn't run. He, instead  confronts the Mazzones. And when that doesn't work he turns into Captain  Queeg. And still you haven't gotten to the begininng of the movie. You  still have fifteen minutes of flashback left. The whole thing is  wonderfully acted and lovingly photographed. The script is taut and there  are twists even in the last minute. This movis is what Thelma and Louise  should have been.e  should have been.
B00000F1D3|5.0|WOW.  Who cares about Cher's age-she can do whatever she wants!   This album is hot(even after almost 2 years).  I bought it the day it came out-the record store had one copy(hello), anyway when I started  listening...I was BLOWN away.  I was so into it that I think I broke a  bone.  &quot;Strong Enough&quot; was a revalation.  Total disco.   &quot;Believe&quot;(the song) is great but the whole CD is...so fantastic.   &quot;Takin' Back My Heart&quot; is a sexy Cher walking down the street,  looking fierce telling every to get outta her way.  And &quot;All or  Nothing&quot;(which sounds very similiar to it the &quot;in&quot;famous  &quot;Believe&quot;) is so rocking that I have had to replace my roof.    &quot;Runaway&quot; is a Cher classic.  The album-along with Madonna ultra  cool &quot;Ray of Light&quot; spawned this whole dance revial-that I  personally enjoy.  The album rocks and IS SURE to be a classic-it is  totally Cher raising the roof in only a way that most can only dream of...
0792838912|4.0|ED.NOTE--WOULD YOU PLEASE CORRECT TYPO IN MY RECENT REVIEW FOR THE DVD 9/12 WEEKS TO INSERT MICKEY ROURKE INSTEAD OF BRUCE WILLIS. OR ELSE ELIMINATE AND ADVISE.<br />HHC
0684135051|4.0|I'm a beginning knitter. I bought this book because I am terrible at  following directions and everything I'd read about it indicated that EZ  would help you learn to modify patterns so they worked the way you wanted.  They were right.    This isn't really a learn how to knit book tho. It's  more an introduction to sweater design book. You are walked through several  basic styles of seamless sweaters, given a good stern lecture on why gauge  is important, and shown pictures and charts you can use as a jumping off  point. I would expect a learn how to knit book to cover several styles of  knitting, multiple castons and castoffs, and lots of techniques, all with  extensive illustrations for those of us who aren't very good with written  instructions. This book does not fit the bill. It is one I will consult  frequently as I begin to knit my first sweaters.    It works very well in  conjunction with Vogue Knitting or one of the other basic learn how to knit  books. Don't buy it as the only knitting reference you'll ever need.    edit: 8 years later, I'm still knitting. I still use this book, and have knit several sweaters based on the ideas in it. They're the ones that get *worn*. It is still an entertaining read, despite rereading large chunks 4-5 times a year over the last 8 years.
B00000ILE6|5.0|I am not an action movie man. I am not a sci-fi movie man either. Still, »Alien« was my favourite movie so I had to watch the sequel. And »Aliens« is by far the best action movie I have ever seen!<br />It is very rare that  one movie succeeds in combining action, thrills, emotions, and even a  little humor with an exciting story, a well-written script, good acting and  very successful special effects. »Aliens« does!<br />So, no matter what your  taste in movies is, you are well off buying »Aliens«.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Californication is a spectacular album.  Unfortunately, the quality of the recording is not good.  Distortion abounds, especially in the high range.  Quite a shame.  I enjoy the music, but it can be very difficult listening  material, especially if you like your music loud.  (which I do)
B00004U45G|2.0|What a blatant attempt for Page to yet again cash in on the Led Zeppelin name. It was bad enough when he did &quot;Kashmir&quot; rap-style, but this is much worse. As for the Black Crowes, I was never big on them, but my  opinions have changed in two ways after hearing this. First of all, they  are better musicians than I thought. However, the singer of the Crowes  sounds horrible live. I never thought he was much of a vocalist, but I  didn't think he was this bad. Most fans will like this simply because it's  Jimmy Page and it's Led Zeppelin, but not me. I will stick to the original  Zep cd's.
B00004LN16|5.0|I love the album, but everyone is entitled to their opinion. But, I think &quot;Can't Stand Still&quot; is up-there with their best. It may be a single soon,so check-it-out. Also, AC/DC has people ALWAYS WAITING FOR  &quot;BACK IN BLACK 2&quot; which they admit was a &quot;magic-album.&quot;  Maybe some of you that have RAVAGED-IT could by it used someday; I truly  believe some of you never gave it a chance. It is more  &quot;heavy-blues-rock&quot; than &quot;headsmashing&quot;; it does have a  POWERAGE/&quot;Gimme a Bullet&quot; vibe on a few-songs too. Who knows,  maybe the next-one will be a &quot;headsmasher&quot; but I'm quite content  with this &quot;footstomper!&quot; Even if you hate AC/DC, you have to  admire their integrity to not succumb to MTV and the  &quot;Current-sound.&quot; I'm sure their next-album will be harder for you  folks that crave that &amp; maybe a &quot;Moneytalks&quot; type  &quot;radio-tune will appear too. But, rate the album, not attack the  members! If you don't like it, fine. But the guy that said &quot;Brian  Johnson is a HOMO really has his/its head firmly entrenched up his or  someone else's &quot;fudge-hole.&quot; Rock/Rap/Slam-dance/ and Hip Hop in  peace; stop all the &quot;attacks&quot; and move &amp; groove to where YOUR  SOUL TAKES YOU.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Without a doubt, the best album of 1999! The Chilli Peppers are back and better than ever!  It is a fantastic disc from start to finish, and it has not left my CD player in almost a month!  Do yourself a favor and pick this  one up, you shan't be disappointed.
B00000HZFP|5.0|brilliant! just brilliant!  My kids ask me,&quot;mommy, why do you play that music so loudly?&quot; because i am infatuated with it. I love it. I think the idea for &quot;Origin of Love&quot; came from Plato's  Symposium(correct me if I'm wrong), but it sounds so much better coming  from John Cameron Mitchell. No, I don't play it with my children in the  room, it's not meant for them. they just hear the beat coming from the  kitchen. Someday I'll let them hear the words and they'll love it as much  as I do.
B000002LIX|5.0|It's no wonder some fans don't like this album. More than half the songs on Jane's last(?) studio album are songs that don't have blaring guitars or thundering drums. With songs like &quot;No One's  Leaving&quot;,&quot;Obvious&quot;(the anthem for people who are considered  &quot;freaks&quot;),&quot;Been caught stealing&quot; (which is honestly the  only song on the album you'll probably skip over but still not too  bad),&quot;Then she did...&quot;,and &quot;Of course&quot; which is Jane's  at their most instrumental without being a rock band. As well as having an  obvious influence from Perry being Jewish. But for all those whiny little  kids who want to only hear Jane's rock out there's  &quot;Stop!&quot;,&quot;Ain't no right&quot;,and &quot;Three days&quot;(the  first version I heard was the concert version but this is equally and  sometimes better). &quot;Classic Girl&quot; could probably fall into the  non-rock part of this album. This is only for the fans who love Jane's  Addiciton for the fact that they are musical geniuses willing to take what  they have to the limit and let it explode into something beautiful or  hellish. Everyone else can find another cheap rock band to mosh to.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is a very good album, with alot of good lyrics and songwriting, etc. The usual popular songs on here (Smells Like Teen Spirit, In Bloom, Come As You Are, Lithium) are greatly known, but there are many, many more choices  on here. I would reccomend this to anyone who likes grunge, or hard rock. I  wouldn't really say this is Nirvana's best, but it's pretty good. And the  other thing would be that this isn't really grunge compared to other  albums...I think because of the new producer on this album. If you like  this one, I would reccomend Bleach or In Utero (their best album). Other  hits on this album are Polly, Lounge Act, Drain You, On a Plain, and  Territorial Pissings. Also, if you like these guys you should give Smashing  Pumpkins a try. I did, and they are my favorite band. Mortal enemies, but  same kind of music (sort of...Nirvana's more grungish-hard rock). Hey, has  anybody listned to Something in the way? Take a minute and listen closely  to the lyrics...I don't know what he's saying, but it's weird (The  clippings from my semen, its okay to eat fish they don't have any feelings  Barbie cut my pants let's go somewhere under the bridge) I don't know what  he's saying, but it's weird. Give the secret track a listen to, also.
B00004T8RK|3.0|Pearl Jam's slow but steady descent from the mainstream of popular music has been endlessly documented over the last several years. Led by charismatic, yet enigmatic lead singer Eddie Vedder, Pearl Jam took every  possible step to ensure that the penetrating stare of the masses remained  focused on other less-deserving acts such as Matchbox Twenty and Third Eye  Blind. This included a failed battle with Ticketmaster, no videos, and the  continual release of material that became increasingly more eccentric, if  no less brilliant. While the die-hard fans remained as loyal as ever, the  rest were left scratching their heads. However, in the summer of 1999,  Vedder and Co. suffered a serious blow to the cause. Thanks to the instant  sing-along appeal of 'Last Kiss', a single released to raise money for  Kosovo refugees, Pearl Jam was back on the charts. In fact, 'Last Kiss',  originally written in the early 1960s by Wayne Cochran, became the band's  biggest hit to date, no small feat when you consider the FM clout that  songs like 'Jeremy', 'Alive' and 'Daughter' carry. So how to diffuse such a  dangerous situation? Well the answer according to Pearl Jam is to retreat  further into the shell of eclecticism that it had been building prior to  'Last Kiss'. A change of producer was made and a new album spawn. Binaural  might just be the album to sever whatever mainstream ties remain and place  Pearl Jam into a completely different bracket, one occupied by the likes of  Fugazi, Nick Cave and other truly alternative artists. However, this does  not necessarily it a good album and indeed, Binaural looks to be the band's  weakest offering to date.<br />Things get off to a shaky start with the  Who-inspired 'Breakerfall.' Apart from its interesting use of the 12-string  electric guitar, the song basically goes through the motions both musically  and lyrically. Vedder has explored the subject of female despair much more  convincingly on past records (see the aforementioned 'Daughter' and 'Why  Go' from Ten.) Lines such as &quot;she's lost her invitation to the party  on Earth&quot; might sound profound to a Stone Temple Pilate, but they tend  to induce a rolling of the eyes in this case. That the music chugs along to  a standard E-G-A chord sequence, does little to alleviate the tedium.  Things get even worse on the next song 'God's Dice', which is way to close  in form to 'Hail, Hail', from 1996's No Code, not to seem repetitive. Only  with the following track 'Evacuation', does the music start to get  interesting. It is here that drummer Matt Cameron finally introduces  himself onto the scene, with some intricate time changes and tricky  breakdowns. Regrettably, things take yet another turn for the worse with  the Jeff Ament-penned 'Nothing as it Seems', the album's first single.  However cool it might sound through the headphones (due to the unique  recording process producer Tchad Blake employs) the song could have been  written by Pink Floyd in their sleep. Worse still, Aments lyrics amount to  nothing coherent, leaving Vedder the unenviable task of trying to inject  life into words about 'uninvited chromosomes' and other such nonsense.  Uninspiring to say the least.<br />Fortunately, things do pick up in the  album's second half. It is here that we see the band doing what it does  best - layering off-centre riffs and chord changes onto Vedder's meaningful  and though-provoking lyrics. On 'Grievance', a Fugazi-like rocker on which  Vedder recounts the horrors of the WTO demonstration last year, Pearl Jam  employs its stop and go technique to maximum effect, creating three minutes  of physical and intellectual mayhem that the listener won't soon forget.  Ditto for 'Rival.' Written by Stone Gossard, this piece attempts to  reconstruct the thought-process of the two Columbine teenagers prior to  their day of infamy. Thoughtful and rocking at the same time, this is  easily Gossard's best contribution to the album. Ament atones for earliermusical sins with the dark, brooding 'Sleight of Hand', whose verse reminds  one of Synchronicity-era Police before descending into the hellish abyss of  the chorus, replete with reverb- heavy guitars and Vedder's murky wail.  Chilling to say the least. Finally, the album closes with 'Parting Ways.'  With its shivery cello, and sitar-like guitars, this ambiguous ode to  loving separation takes it place beside the best Pearl Jam closers, and  that's no small feat when you consider such classics as 'Release' and 'All  Those Yesterdays.' <br />So Binaural is really a tale of two cities. An album  that coughs and sputters out of the gate before closing strong in its  second half. However, for all it strengths and weaknesses, the album must  be considered a success. It will likely put Pearl Jam right back on the  side of the road, content to watch the passing traffic, taking notes all  the while.
B00000J7J4|5.0|For oldtime Santana fans it was a real eyeopener to see &quot;master&quot; Carlos with a new release including some of the young and hip vocals. I was suspicious to be honest.. was that the sign of a fading star trying to hang  on or what.<br />Supernatural is Supernatural at its best. Unmistakable  Santana, yet refreshingly new and daring. Supernatural has this  trancendental appeal - no matter who you are or where you come from -  Supernatural will come to you.
B000002GYI|5.0|This was the first Kraftwerk album I ever heard, and though I was already into electronic music (then at age 14) such as Tangerine Dream and Depeche Mode, I remember this album as being an absolute revelation! All the other  electronic bands at the time were using commercially available synthesizers  to make their music; Kraftwerk had built their own...and their sound was as  distinctive as it was exciting. Listening to it now as an adult (especially  in this day and age) not only is it still wonderful, undated, and  adventurous, but it's literally eerie how prescient this album turned out  to be. &quot;Computer Love&quot;, &quot;Home Computer&quot; ... the whole  album predicted our current computer-drenched society, what with email,  cell phones, DNA tracking, cybersex, the Internet...  One is almost  teasingly left to wonder...when did Kraftwerk know, and who exactly told  them? A musical masterpiece; if you've never heard Kraftwerk, start here,  then get &quot;The Man Machine&quot; and of course &quot;Trans Europe  Express&quot;. Over the years I have collected all of their releases but  this one stands as their &quot;perfect&quot; release - subtile humor and  dry wit mixed with their heavenly clean and stark sound. Certainly the most  sampled outfit in music history (even over Zep); their sound alone is  entirely responsible for the Detroit techno movement of the late '80's, for  which they're often given no credit. As a former DJ, forget the rip-offs;  this is the real thing. And 20 years later, it's as good as it ever was.  Highly, highly recommended.
B00003CWN3|5.0|This is not only for gay&amp;lsebian. This is for everyone who cares about  &quot;human&quot;. Only through rethinking can we lead a better life!
B00004THAY|5.0|Hey, out of all the combined 14 or so CD's I own of both Artists, I would say in the event of Earthquakes, Flying Nukes or Rocketing Gas Prices (heaven forid)I could take &quot;Riding with the King&quot;, a tank of  gas,a trusty Gibson and a cooler.....and feel pretty damn good about  things....considering, that I left 13 Clapton &amp; BBKing CD's at home and  all....
0780021967|5.0|Sublime fun. Filled with lots of intrigue, light comedy and fluffy romance. Lightweight fun that's hard to beat. Extremely enjoyable. Robert Donat is spectacular as Hitchcock's 'innocent man on the run', a Canadian  tourist who gets way over his neck when he gets entangled with an  ultra-secret spy ring called the 39 steps. Madeleine Carroll gives a  priceless performance as the beautiful but problematic 'blonde' (notice  that Hitchcock, even in his early films, preferred the 'blonde goddess  look', that would later be immortalized by Kim Novak, Eva Marie Saint,  Grace Kelly and Janet Leigh) who melts under Donat's charm and is thrilled  by the rush of the chase. Filled with many memorable episodes sprinkled  with light comedy and witty dialogue. But Hitchcock added two unforgettably  surreal elements that linger in the mind long afterwards, a missing finger  and a music-hall performer that does his job a little too well. From a  scale of 1-10 I give this film a 9!
B00004STPT|5.0|As a Dead Can Dance/Lisa Gerrard fan, I bought this soundtrack before I saw the movie. And I was awestruck. The music conjured up such strong images and emotions...violent, majestic, heroic, tender, sorrowful,  joyous....that after hearing the CD for the very first time, I felt as if  I'd already seen the movie. Clearly, perfectly and beautifully, in my mind.  It's wonderful.
6302638771|5.0|A triumph for everyone involved. But this is Oliver Stone's picture all the way, you can clearly see that he is also obsessed with the Kennedy assassination and that's where the film gets it's passion and it's  unstoppable search for the truth. He took as a premise, the case of Jim  Garrison, the only lawyer to ever take the Kennedy assassination to court.  This is only the excuse for Stone to bombard us with fascinating and  dangerous information that may or may not be true, but we all know that  something fishy was going on. Besides being a directorial triumph it is  also a technical landmark with outstanding editing, probably among the best  ever. A terrific all-star cast bring all these characters to life. Some we  pity, others we despise and some we respect. Kevin Costner gives a  dramatically powerful and effective performance as Jim Garrison, he's got  the All-American look stamped on his face. An extremely good supporting  cast filled with heavy-hitters. Tommy Lee Jones is brilliant as Clay Shaw  (Clay Bertrand). Gary Oldman is quietly effective as the patsy himself, Lee  Harvey Oswald. Joe Pesci, Kevin Bacon and John Candy are also great. Jack  Lemmon and Walter Matthau appear in yet another film together, and both  deliver good performances. But it is Donald Sutherland's cameo as Mr. 'X'  that is really gripping, those few scenes he is in, you can't blink. A  brilliant and truly important film. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a  9!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Oops she did it again, Britney is back and better than ever.  This teenage pop sensation has taken the music industry by storm selling over 10 million copies in it's first month alone.  Britney's new album show's a more mature  sound compared to her first release,&quot;Baby One More Time.&quot; Oops  has much more of a beat and isless Poppy sounding. Unlike some critism from  critics(Heidi Sherman is obviously a womam that can only remember when the  rolling Stones went on their first tour)  This album dilivers good music  from a good artist.  This is definatly the must buy album of the season
038097617X|5.0|While I liked &quot;Lucy Sullivan...&quot; better, I found Watermelon just  as           enjoyable. The first-person dialogue is hilarious, and Marion  Keyes has           a wicked sense of humor. There were some really  priceless scenes in           this book that make you want to go back and  read them again. Great           colorful characters with all the little  quirks that make good writing. A           delightful read. I'd recommend  this if you enjoy reading first-person           books with a light plot  and humor. <br />          I also recommend &quot;Lucy Sullivan is Getting  Married&quot; by the same author           if you liked this one. Both are  superb books.
0553502271|2.0|I've listened to most of Grisham's audiobooks, and this is the worst yet.  The South American adventures are boring ... but the legal twists are  fascinating (particularly the first chapter). Get out of the jungle, John,  and go back to the courtroom! And while you're at it, bring back Michael  Beck. Muller is good, but his narration pales beside Beck's. Michael, I  miss you!
B0000021RG|5.0|Chicago was my first favorite group, and when I was given thisexpensive album as a gift [thx again :-)], I guess at first I wasn'treally that into it.  I guess there was a great deal of improvisation and earthy imperfect live-performance feel that I wasn't used to, together with a sound quality that I now see is derided by some as a less-than-great.  But I often enjoy just putting an album on and going about other tasks, and sometimes they grow on you.  My opinion of this one came 'round.  I started to enjoy the plentiful improvisation of the piano and guitar players, along with the flutist and others.  The band really puts out, doing all their great hits with enthusiasm and at length, rather than glossing over them in a medley and then subjecting the audience only to new stuff, as a cheaper act might do.  I didn't know it at the time, but Terry Kath, the late guitar player, was one of the best I would ever hear.  He really goes to town on this album and I recommend it, on that basis.  Great ones like Hendrix and Kath do casually, off the cuff, imperfectly or not, what the good ones try very hard to fit into their acts.  I see now, after some years away, that Mr.  Kath has come to be held in that sort of regard by others, and that my opinion of him was not so off-the-mark.  The band apparently has expressed concern about the sound quality of this recording.  They have said that Carnegie Hall doesn't do well with amplified music, and recording a full-horn rock band is already a tough task.  I guess they just aren't that super-high on it.  That's understandable, and I guess if someone's telling you not to buy this expensive one, and just go and buy some other one that's supposed to be better, then great.  I'd give the album three or four stars if I were really focusing on the sound quality issue, but I'm not.  I'm focusing on what it means to me, overall, as music.  For those of us who already let this album grow on us, despite all its imperfections, there's no turning back.  It's too late.  Not the best sound quality, I guess, but I simply don't care.  If you're really into early Chicago, then I don't see how you can avoid getting this one.
0060273224|5.0|I read this book last October, and i have yet to read a bookthat measures up to it. It was so great, i feel as if I was in thestory as well. I cannot wait till the sequel comes out. In December i wrote Garth Nix and asked him when his new novel would come out. He replied May 2000. So i'm a little bumbed that it was delayed. I always know that sabriel will be my favarite book. It was extrodinary, and I am hanging on thread to read what comes next. I hope you enjoyed the novel as much as I did!
0790729628|5.0|Blade Runner should not be considered as a prophecy of a dark futuristice world, but a fascinating tale of what it means to be human.  Though you don't need to appreciate this deeper meaning to enjoy the film.  In fact you don't need to pick up on it at all.  The film has plenty of action.<br />On the down side the film was shot in the 80's, and can seem somewhat boring compared to modern films.<br />If you already have the VHS there is almost no advantage to the DVD.  There weren't really many extra features.  If you have the original you should get the Director's Cut.  The Director's Cut really is a better cut than the original.
6301016289|5.0|When I first started college, as an Accounting major, I LOVED this movie.  Watched it daily.  But like most people I switched majors a few times, and I'm now graduating as a Liberal Arts major.  Yep, this means I'm now a  bleeding-heart liberal who took classes on Philosophy, Marx and such.  And  I still LOVE this movie, but for different reasons, the REAL reason.   Gecko's speech to Budd about capitalism and American society is the true  voice and point of this film.  &quot;Now Budd... you're not naive enough to  think we're living in a democracy are you! &quot;
B00004RHZU|5.0|I love Pinks c.d can't take me home. All of the sonds are full of personality and style. I love it
6304711905|5.0|In my opinion the best western ever made.  Val Kilmer gave the best performance of his career so far.  The man acted so well, he didn't appear to be acting at all.  The entire cast worked well together and the original  dialoge was amusing and entertaining.  If you didn't like this movie you're  a sissy!  Go ahead and draw that smoke wagon!  Russell gave a commanding  performance as Earp, one of his best.  A must have for Western fans.  No  other horse opera even comes close.
0792837622|5.0|Not too much can be added that has not already been said about this 1961 classic.  The dances, the songs, the New York locations, and the very talented young cast, have all been lauded for years as flawlessly executed.  Wood, Beymer, Chakiris, and Moreno have long been praised for their  contributions to this monumental film.<br />All that can be added is praise  for Russ Tamblyn, who seems to have been forgotten in his pivotal role of  Riff, the baddest of the Jets.  His cocky demeanor and brilliant dance  &quot;attitude&quot; are magnificent to behold.<br />He puts the &quot;C&quot;  in cool!
B000002LQR|5.0|this in one of the most serious albums in modern rock history. If you don't have this album your either too young to hear or sitting in a convalescent home.  Highly recommended.
6301773551|5.0|Although not as great s the following two episodes Star Wars is great fun and incredibly intresting
B00000JTB2|5.0|What a great contribution to the blues by  these two amazing people. I can not believe that they are gone. They are so alive in the CD. I regret that I could not see their live performance.
6304711905|5.0|In my opinion the best western ever made.  Val Kilmer gave the best performance of his career so far.  The man acted so well, he didn't appear to be acting at all.  The entire cast worked well together and the original  dialoge was fresh and entertaining.  If you didn't like this movie you're a  sissy!  Go ahead, skin that smoke wagon and see what happens!  Russell gave  a commanding performance as Earp, one of his best. A must have for Western  fans.  No other horse opera even comes close.
B00000J2SP|5.0|This album has very classic songs (Like &quot;I Surrender&quot; and &quot;Magic&quot;). I think it is the best of Rainbow because the new vocalist is superbe. Rainbow rules! Go and buy it and then buy  &quot;Rising&quot; or &quot;Down To Earth&quot;.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr-Dre got it all going for him these days, with Eminem out there doing great and now this classic cd. Also with the NWA reunion happening soon all chaos is going to break loose.<br /> I was expecting the best from him and  nothing fell short of perfect. If you're a hip hop fan, buy this cd now!
B00003Q43A|4.0|I'm not a huge fan of this movie, but the pristine DVD transfer and the extraordinary Dolby 5.1 mix made the experience a little more enjoyable.  The extra features may seem like a lot, but the only things of interest to  me were the 35-minute special effects feature &amp; the commentary by the  director &amp; producer.  The alien mockumentary and the standard  behind-the-scenes features were quite boring and didn't show anything  new.<br />On the whole, if you like this movie (even a little), buy this DVD  NOW!  ID4 has never looked and sounded better at home.
B000002MY3|5.0|This is an excellent disc - one great song after the other... but not for kids. While the disc is not marked (at least not my copy) that it has explicit lyrics, it does. Perhaps not to the degree of some other  albums/artists, but there is some definite language here and there.<br /><br />The  sound is raw... great melody and back-beat, but Alanis' voice is rough and  scratchy which exacerbates the angst in the lyrics.<br /><br />For a debut by such a  young artist, it was hard to believe the quality of all these tracks and the maturity of sound. Great sound and easy-to-listen-to melodies beginning to end. All the tracks paint  a picture and tell a story... even songs like \\"Hand in my Pocket\\"  which seem to be innocuous at first blush have a story to tell. Great music  to have in your headset while out walking or booming from the radio in your  car. If you heard \\"You Oughta Know\\" or \\"Hand in my  Pocket\\" on the radio and liked it, you won't be disappointed in this  CD... great tracks, all of the same caliber as those that get radio play.
B00000IMTF|4.0|I think Rainbow's Rising is a very important album of the 70's because of its great playing of Ritchie Blackmore. This album is the starting of Power Metal. My favourite song is &quot;Stargazer&quot; and &quot;Run With The  Wolf&quot;. I like all the 6 songs of this album. But why did I gave it 4  stars? Because I don't like much power/epic or psychedelic songs (I have  many better albums) and I prefer hard rock. I think &quot;Difficult To  Cure&quot; is better (although it hasn't Dio). If you like Power Metal or  Rainbow-like rock, buy it.
B000002U82|5.0|This is a gret album. Everytime I listen to it I hear something new. It is amazing how each song is differnt yet ties back into the main theme. Defintly buy this album if you are interested at all in Pink Floyd, you  will LOVE it!
6305903182|4.0|Scream 3 is the final film of the Scream Trilogy. In Scream 3, Sidney Prescott (played by Neve Campbell) realizes that another killer is stalking her when cast members of \\"Stab 3: Return to Woodsborro\\" start to get  killed. She decides to keep hidden in her well protected home in the  mountains, until the killer finds out her hiding place. She then goes to  Hollywood, where all the murders are happening, to face the killer. Gale  Weathers (Courtney Cox Arquette) and Dwight \\"Dewey\\" Riley (David Arquette)  have their usual love fling, and they both investigate the murders and the  photos that the killer leaves behind after each murder to try to find out  who the killer is.     So far, the Scream series has been a \\"slash-`em-up\\"  series with lots of scares and gore. Scream 3 is much different than the  other two. Scream 3 is more of a thriller with a \\"whodunit\\" plot. Scream 3  definitely doesn't have as many intense murder scenes, and a lot less blood  than the other two. The movie ends in a twist that you probably never would  have thought of.     Scream 3 is rated \\"R\\" because of profanity, gore, and  violence that may be inappropriate or offensive to young audiences and  people who get offended by such matter.     Scream 3 is mainly based on  events that were in the first Scream, so I advise you watch the first two  movies of the trilogy before you go see the third one, otherwise you would  be lost. If you saw the first two movies of the trilogy, I suggest you go  see Scream 3. It links the events of the other two movies together and  makes the whole trilogy make some kind of sense. This movie pretty much  answers the question of whether or not their will be a Scream 4. Watch it  to find out!
B00000IQBL|5.0|As someone who went through Parris Island and was in the battle of Hue City, this flick is the real deal, or at least as close as Hollywood can get. <br />I saw this film when in opened with a few Marine buddies. We  thought the boot camp scenes were hysterical. We laughed so much we were  annoying other folks in the theatre. For those who opined that this type of  training is dehumanizing; believe me the movie was very mild compared to  the real thing. And the fact is that Marine training, while brutal at  times,it is the best character building exercise there is. Although  sanitized, Kubrick managed to well capture the type of training it takes to  make men willing to attack and destroy an enemy.<br />There was much about  this movie that was technically flawed, but much of it seemed deliberate.  Kubrick was not portraying technical perfection, he was trying to capture  the real attitudes of men in war; and on this level he succeeded nicely.  Kubrick was the master of black humor, and much of Vietnam was black humor.  It seemed easy to overlook the fact that very little in the movie even  looked like Vietnam. <br />The cast is outstanding.These guys truly reminded  me of a squad of Marine grunts. <br />I have only one criticism of the movie  and it is this: The story is from a novel called &quot;The Short  Timers&quot; by Gustaf Hasford. The movie is reasonably faithful to the  book until the end. Hasford created a far more poignant ending in the  novel, with an ironic twist that is unforgettable, but Kubrick chose to  completely leave this out of the film. It will always be a mystery to me  why he did this, because I think the film would have been even better with  the original ending.
B000002MTU|2.0|This album is awful.  Sell it at a used CD store-- you'll probably get enough cash for a bargain John Lee Hooker or Robert Johnson tape.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby. Play.<br />I took a chance on buying this album after reading an article in a news magazine about the music scene. News magazine music reviews are usually hype about marginal albums and a waste of time, but this time was an exception. The album is great, and after listening to samples of his earlier albums, I would have to say that his music has definitely evolved for the better. I also sampled the later Moby albums here on Amazon, and I would have to say that &quot;Play&quot; is the best so far of the Moby albums, even better than &quot;Go, The Very Best of Moby&quot;. Go figure. The &quot;Go&quot; album should be retitled &quot;Moby, A Sampler&quot;, because that's all it is. &quot;Play&quot; is the album that made Moby famous, and it is still the best.
B00003Q43A|4.0|I actually like this movie a lot (mindless action, yes, I know!).  But something happened on its way to DVD, the special effects sounds got washed out!  The aliens destroy the nation's largest cities in the kind of  explosions that should have shattered my windows... but even the dog slept  through them.  And its not for lack of 5.1.  On everything else (background  music for example), LF comes rich and vibrant, and the opening THX effect  made my house tremble.  But somehow the special effects are dull and  completely washed out.  WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT on what otherwise would have  been the ideal DVD movie...
B000002KET|4.0|While still not the greatest release by Black Sabbath, this, their fifth album, does transcend the tone set by &quot;Volume 4.&quot;  I suppose at that time, the Sabs were looking to freshen up their image, but with  someone like Ozzy fronting the band...  Anyway, their experiment with new  directions failed miserably and spawned an effort that was barely tolerable  except for &quot;Snowblind&quot; and a couple of average tracks.<br />Here, we  see a more mature Sabbath that has been able to grasp the meaning of melody  without forgetting that HEAVY is the Sab way.  The title track is grim and  bruising, but is somewhat unweildy and clumsily executed, but not on the  same level as &quot;Illusion of Power.&quot;  Standard fare are &quot;A  National Acrobat&quot; and &quot;Sabbra Cadabra,&quot; with good ideas and  decent performance.  &quot;Who Are You?,&quot; according to reports, was  Ozzy's first serious attempt at songwriting.  Unfortunately, he didn't take  it seriously enough, and a slow, clunky synthfest was the result.  The  great tracks are &quot;Killing Yourself to Live,&quot; &quot;Looking for  Today,&quot; and &quot;Spiral Architect,&quot; the anthem of DNA  researchers everywhere.  All three are the epitome of great musicianship  and songwriting, and all would have been just peachy if the Sabs had stayed  with that formula for more than one more album.<br />The four years after  &quot;Sabotage&quot; and before Ronnie appeared proved a gulf between the  maturing Black Sabbath and the decaying Black Sabbath.  While the former  could be likened to poetry in motion, the latter is nothing more than  gibberish in neutral.
0877284520|5.0|This edition of the Crowley deck is truly a handful and I found shuffling  a tad awkward. However, what a truly amazing sight they are to behold when  they are spread out before you in their giant splendor. The colors are  similar to the watercolors that you see in impressionist paintings and  mostly greens and blues are used to create a dreamy effect. I think Lady  Harris, the artist, succeeds with her color schema. Her colors produces a  watery and ethereal feeling, which is laced with a strong tenor of  surrealism. The overall effect is a nebulous and fantastical feel. Lady  Harris is particualrly gifted in  capturing dichotomous human instincts  beautifully. This deck is a favorite of mine and I highly recommend it.  Lady Harris conveys the fantasy, ecstasy, pain and brilliance of the human  experience with true empathy.
6303212379|5.0|I loved this film.  Like most people have said, it epitomises 80s childhood: full of wacky ideas which for these guys actually come true. All I want to know is when is the DVD going to come out!
0670880728|5.0|Ready to throw in the towel for just about every aspect of your life?  Feel as though you're the only one on the planet who feels like a neurotic-psychotic?  Bridget Jones is our kindred spirited tour-guide  through her one year adventures and all the  turbulent and unfathomable  everyday woes: men, money, family, sex, diet, personal appearance, age,  health, dependencies, and quirky thoughts.  Forever a work in progress,  Bridget is an experiment unto herself trying to figure it all out in her  diary entries; letting it all hang out in the most creative, refreshing,  and humourous style.  For your future - for you sanity : READ THIS BOOK,  BUY THIS BOOK - YOU WILL BE RE-BORN AND READ IT AGAIN AND AGAIN.
B000002UD1|4.0|Lennon spent the majority of his life as a rock star...from The Quarrymen to the Beatles, and beyond as the Ono-this and Ono-that.  What Dr. Winston O'Boogie has done with Mind Games is to break free from the expectations  placed upon him as the &quot;ex-Beatle&quot;.  John's MIND GAMES is as much  his own personal WHITE ALBUM as any other in his catalog of obscurity.  The  title track is undoubtedly genius. &quot;Tight A$&quot; brings a humorous  garble of Lennonisms to life and abruptly segways into the lamenting  &quot;Aisumasen&quot;, which begs the listener to politely lift the needle  and skip to track 4...however, this is were the album takes a turn, for the  better I might add.  &quot;One Day at a Time&quot; paves the path of Lennon  simplicity, reminding us of why we loved John in the first place.   &quot;Bring On The Lucie&quot; allows us to see that John was capable of  failure, however not intimidated...LSD seems to numb the pain of a  redundant chorus. &quot;Intuition&quot; is sweetened by a fun and lively  Bass line, and &quot;Out The Blue&quot; is arguably Lennon's best love  song. &quot;Only People&quot; captures the spirit of power-in-numbers, and  the follow-up, &quot;I Know&quot; shows us the complexity of Lennon's  Earth.  &quot;You Are Here&quot; is a slow developing number that teases  the listener &amp; asks them to hang around for the chorus, which will keep  you listening. &quot;Meat City&quot; is the triumph...it is the  &quot;Revolution&quot; of MIND GAMES and reminds the listener that Lennon  was indeed a man who stood behind his beliefs and style, and frankly did  not give a ____ about the critics.  This is his best solo effort.  Don't be  fooled by failing reviews...Lennon new good and well what he was creating  here. This record stands out amoung all others...miles away from PLASTIC  &amp; IMAGINE, but not dripping with the cheese-o-la of DOUBLE FANTASY. Not  the best clasic rock album, but it is the best Classic Lennon!
6304698798|5.0|This is a fine DVD transfer of a masterful work. The vibrant colours are a joy to behold and the extra scenes are a definite plus, highlighting as they do how well dubbed the film as a whole is. Despite strong competition  the acting plaudits must go to Eli Wallach; a barnstorming show of comic  bravado and facial tics. The story rattles along at a furious pace with  some strong set pieces, a great emotional pull and a historical sweep that  manages to replicate the great confusion of war. Leone directs without  pretension yet the result is something quite extraordinary. Add Morricone's  memorable score and the rest is history. Just two more DVD transfers to go  (Once upon a time in....the west, America). First we shall see Leone's  greatest, Once upon...America released in its entirety in our cinemas.
B00004SC3M|5.0|This film, though unrealistically high-tech, is definitely entertaining. Connery's, as well as Zeta-Jones', acting, in addition to Catherine's absolutely voluptuous beauty(great shots of her crawling under the laser  beams) make this movie a &quot;must have&quot;.  I bought it, quite  frankly, because I identified with Mac.  When Zeta-Jones was in the mood to  make love, Mac explains that &quot;My situation is so complicated that it's  difficult to explain&quot;.  Any man out there who's had a radical  prostatectomy, no matter how old, knows exactly what I mean and he meant.   Damn the inadequacy that causes the missed opportunity!
B00000JXV7|2.0|Shy away from this one unless you're a serious Affleck or Bullock fan. The plot is basically a recycled version of the Steve Martin/John Candy 1987 movie Planes, Trains, and Automobiles. If you're interested in a good  travel-hishaps movie, do yourself a favor and check out the original.
6303269826|5.0|I and my family really enjoyed the movie.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I am not here to criticize Britney Spears' obvious lack oftalent or the fact that all she is selling here is sex. I am here togive my honest opinion of the album, so that inquiring minds and people who plan to purchase this album will know how I feel about it.   This album is bland, recycled, pop garbage. I would not listen to it again for anything short of a million dollars. Britney Spears won't be sticking around for the long haul. She doesn't have the talent to carry her through. It is my advice to potential buyers that they purchase *any* CD other than this one.  Good luck, Britney. You're going to need it.
6302769051|5.0|Unforgiven is surely Clint Eastwood's greatest achievement.  For Clint fans like myself, it has plenty of great lines to recite.  It is a morally troubling film in that the only character who really deserves to die is  Clint's character, William Munny.   The most compelling character is the  excellent Gene Hackman as Little Bill Dagget, the town sherrif, who while  he has a bit of a mean sadistic streak in him, is basically trying to keep  the peace in his town and will go to any lengths to keep things orderly.   One of my favorite parts of the movie is when he humiliates English Bob,  aka The Duck of Death, played by Richard Harris.  Jaimz Woolvet puts in a  good performance as the Schofield Kid, whose boasting masks his lack of  gunfighting experience.  Morgan Freeman is good as Ned, Munny's old  sidekick who tags along with Munny and Schofield but is tormented by his  inner doubts about what he is doing.  In a sad irony, he ends up dying for  the murders committed by his partners.  Also noteworthy is Saul Rubinek as  the parasitical writer who will latch onto any person who he feels will  provide him with a good story.  Eastwood's Munny is fascinating in his  transformation from clumsy pig farmer in the film's opening to a fearsome  avenging angel at the end as he rides off in the pouring rain to the sound  of the menacing music.   <br />If you are looking for a rousing adventure  story, then Unforgiven will disappoint you, but if you want to see a moody,  complex anti-Western, then I highly recommend this film.
0743200799|5.0|For a large part of the sixties and seventies NASA mission control was the  centre of world attention.  The most famous missions were, of course, the  Apollo ones but many others happened too.<br />Much has been written, mostly  by outsiders, about these days but this is probably the most important book  written by a senior (non-political) insider.<br />As has been observed  elsewhere, the writing style does leave a little to be desired at times but  it doesn't matter.  It's not what Gene Kranz will be remembered for.  His  contribution to the space race was incomparable and it is good to see how  he looks back on those days.  Of particular interest are his opinions on  the mistakes made and the lessons learned.  NASA isn't Hollywood and real  lives and international political relations depended upon his decisions.   It is a tribute to his ability that he was able to remain in the (ground  based) driving seat all through the Apollo years.<br />An excellent book,  worth every cent.
0782008119|4.0|This is an incredibly interesting video that documents the growth and succeeding explosion of the grunge movement in Seattle.  I can't believe how many people reviewed this film that missed the point entirely.  Hype!  mostly focuses on the smaller bands that layed the foundations for the  giants like Soundgarden and Nirvana, and how those smaller bands eventually  were overshadowed and/or taken advantage of by the national hype that  followed.  I especially enjoyed the old footage of Hammerbox, Some Velvet  Sidewalk, and the premier performance of &quot;Smells Like Teen  Spirit&quot; (where did they get that footage? ) There's also a humerous  shot that has the camera roaming through The Bon Marche looking at  &quot;grunge&quot; clothing while Nirvana muzak plays in the background.                                     <br />Only a few things bothered me about this  film.  The first was Eddie Vedder's &quot;commentary&quot; which was  Vedder-esque genius as usual, if you know what I mean.  I have a bad  feeling he was thrown in there just to make this film more marketable,  which is some pretty sad irony.  The second thing that bothered me was the  profanity. Considering the subject matter, it could have been a lot worse,  but it also could have been better.  I don't mind the occasional slip of  the tongue, but hearing the F-bomb twenty times or so in an hour doesn't do  much for my intelligence level, and it doesn't say much about the  intelligence level of the musicians either.  If you think you can stomach  this, Hype! is an educational, interesting, and well-shot documentary that  deserves a watch.
B000024D4R|5.0|Too long for you? Too deep? WHY? Probably because the songs titles sound a little goofy (really, who wants to here a song about a group of dogs battling with sheep?) But if you listen, and you dont need to listen hard,  you'll hear the animals are just a metaphor for the groups of people we all  fit in with. Its strange, because even though this is a  &quot;forgotten&quot; album, you will recognize at least one part from  every song especially &quot;Sheep&quot;. A long (but great) experience.
0553208845|5.0|This book goes through the whole cycle (circle) of life so beautifully,  you wonder how hesse's mind worked to get there. Just to clarify, its not  about Buddhism or enlightenment or religion per-se. But, these concepts are  merely used to highlight something much more important. I wouldnt want to  give details and spoil it for you. Read it. At worst, it will have a  humbling effect. At best, it will make you think.
B000023VR6|5.0|this cd is awesome go to the cd shop and buy it. The best song is #10.
6305750750|5.0|First off i thought this movie was good as the other ones.Alot of people are like &quot;this movie wasn't good because luke skywalker,han sola,princess leia,and other characters weren't in it&quot;.You have to  understand this is the first one and all the old characters are about in  their 40's or 50's.And you cant bring luke or princess leia in the first  one when Aanakin is just a little kid.I liked the effects in this movie  alot.And i did really enjoy the fight scene duel with darth maul,quin jon  something like that and obi one.Anyways i thought this movie was good.And  you cant be a real star wars fan if you say this movie is bad because the  old characters aren't in it because then you dont really know star wars at  all
6304913176|4.0|Paul Verhoeven has managed to take a classic Sci-Fi masterpiece and make it better.  his screen version hits us at different levels.  First it is an action picture of massive dimensions, utilizing state of the art special  effects to make the &quot;bugs&quot; incredibly real and dangerous.   However, on another level, Verhoeven shows us how easily young people can  be &quot;brainwashed&quot;, so to speak, into accepting Fascism as the  normal state of being.  The whole movie is a primer on how nations have  brainwashed their population into sacrificing themselves for the state.   One very interesting feature on the DVD version is a running commentary by  the director and screenwriter of the entire movie.  It is extremely  interesting.
6302491940|5.0|Caine in fine form, with briliant offsets from Neol Coward and Benny Hill. Everyone and everything brilliant, clever and erudite. The best sales promo ever for the mini-Cooper! Stunts to blow the mind and a little song - 'the  self-preservation society' that won't ever leave you. Surely this should  rate for a DVD edition.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|I wonder what genre Tommy Mottola will sink his teeth into next time? The idea of Lopez, who in many interviews had manifested her desire to sing and maintain a singer's career alongside with her acting career, recording a CD  was a nitpicker's heaven to begin with, but the actual CD was too good to  be believed.<br />Yes, the beat was good.  &quot;If you had my love,&quot; a  ditty of a song, great for getting on the car stereo on a summer driving  excursion.  &quot;Should've never&quot; was a post-orgasmic frenzy, loaded  with R&amp;B, whining and longing.  &quot;No me ames&quot; with former  squeeze Marc Anthony could have been the vocal song in this mish-mosh of  over-hype, but missed the 10 yard line by quite a stretch.<br />Sadly enough,  she probably can sing if she can only try toning down the background riffs  in her next compilation which she'll sit to record after wrapping up  &quot;Angel Eyes&quot; in Canada.  The overproduction, wishywashy,  too-Latina-in-your-face only goes so far.<br />As she says herself in  &quot;Let's Get Loud&quot; - &quot;.....you've got to prove it.&quot;  'Nuff said?
0880794968|5.0|My first deck of tarot cards were the Universal Waite cards.  I have since purchased several other decks, but the Universal Waite cards are the ones that I use the most.  They are great for the beginner as they are the cards  used most to illustrate books on tarot.  I however like them most for their  beautiful color and their detailed pictures.  I find it very easy to read  and understand the meanings of these cards.  Some decks are so different  that you need their companion book always by your side to understand the  reading, but this is not so with the Universal Waite; even the novice tarot  card reader can get a pretty good meaning of these cards.  As I bought this  deck through Amazon with no prior knowledge of tarot, I became curious  about other tarot decks and I went on a search for the &quot;perfect&quot;  tarot deck for me.  I am finding however, that the more decks that I  collect that I started out with the PERFECT deck!  I think that you may  find this to be true for you too.
B0000060NF|5.0|Marvin Gaye has always been one of my all time favorite singers.  This album was a Christmas gift from my folks in 1971, and my first Marvin album.  The fall of '71, I entered junior hign, and was feeling like I was  &quot;growing up&quot; because I loved this album, and its serious tone.    This album is one of his best, if not the best because of its influence on  R&amp;B music at the dawn of the seventies.  I feel that influence reached  Stevie, and combined with his own personal situation at the time, touched  him in a way that inspired him in the music he was about to do.  And it  wasn't just R&amp;B artists who got the message.  I feel Marvin when I  listen to Carole King's &quot;Fantasy&quot; album of 1973.  Even some  artists today, like Lauryn Hill and Tupac &quot;channel&quot; Marvin in  their work.      As the country transitioned to the decade of introspection  and selfishness, Marvin took a look too, and asked the question,  &quot;What's Going On,&quot; stated what we need to do, (&quot;Save the  Children&quot;) and what we need to remember (&quot;God is Love&quot;) in  order to make the changes.  Sadly we're still learning.  The depth of this  record is endless, as Marvin pours out his heart in every song, from  &quot;Mercy, Mercy Me,&quot; to &quot;Inner City Blues, (Make Me Want to  Holler).&quot;  This masterpiece is 29 years old, and still is relevant.   This is the work of a true genius, which is what Marvin was, and with this  album, &quot;the Sound of Young America&quot; grew up.
0425170349|3.0|I'm the kind of guy that'll gladly read any spec ops novel. When I saw R6 at the bookstore, I salivated at the thought of a long, fat, juicy, Clancy spec ops extravaganza.<br />This novel has great potential, but the writing is  a little underwhelming, as if Readers Digest had whitewashed it.<br />Clancy's  main problem is that he makes his lead characters too proper, too polite,  too middle-class. As in, &quot;let's shoot up some tangos (with regrets of  course), then let's get back to cornflakes, barbeques, and apple  pie.&quot;<br />This Americana formula has served Clancy's bank account well,  but it robs his novels of sass and of psychological complexity. Compare R6  to any of Richard Marcinko's or Ralph Peters' novels, respectively, and  you'll see what I mean.
0887307396|4.0|I am referring to the audio tape  version of the book which i enjoyed a  lot. Apparently James C. Collins, Jerry I. Porras did a very long  analytical research before they strarted. You learn new things and you  learn new ways of looking into things. You discover why visionary companies  stay forever. Money seems to be everything in our lives and it is the  reason for these companies' existence however it is not what drives these  visionary compnaies. I hope to read the book because i feel that i missed a  lot in the tape. The authors explain themselves in a very simple way. they  summarize their ideas and findings in points and then they explain each of  them thoroughly. they show you comparisons among these companies and among  companies that are very strong and known but not visionary.
B00000IFP6|4.0|Whether Beethoven intended the fast tempi is not something to respect,music I should think is a living growing experience, and if we merely follow what Beethoven wrote,then why don't we simply have one single  definitive performance of Beethoven and be happy contented in a philosophic  way with that, and stop recording any more of his works. Zinman has intense  control here but it doesn't produce a depth,the philosophic dimension that  the music implies continuously.Sure excitement and surface flash seems to  be the interpretive agenda here,but if it remains on the surface I think  the grandeur, the dignity that is an important component of the Beethoven  aesthetic becomes diluted. I spent time with the Fourth, that has classical  gestures,very exposed wind lines,with a dangerous interplay from solo lines  to tutti statements.Something Barenboim didn't resolve either,this problem  of gradations from one extreme to the other,the fastinterplay,wind to  tutti. Yet the neglected Fourth harbors a very deep bridge between two  giants, the Third and Fifth,it exposes all the Beethoven creative  materials. The music under Zinman here seemed at times like fast run  throughs,like &quot;let's get this over with&quot;,rushed and hurried.  Excitement has to have something behind it,some other dimension a guide,  otherwise all it is,is quick fixes. Beethoven asked questions in his  Symphonies as no other genre he touched,and slower tempi I think implies  this.Of course there is a dangerous balance here, Klemperer goes too far in  the other direction where he places heavy burdensome weights with slower  tempi. The profound place is somewhere in between. The playing however is  very clean especially the Allegro vivace with great entrances. The opening  Adagio the deeply brooding minor which never returns reminded me of the  Mahler First,the fourth intervals. Here Zinman brought a sense of this  questioning the music demands.
B00001SIES|2.0|Many people tend to compare Muse to Radiohead, but apart from the vocals, the kind of serrated angst so typical of Radiohead and the fact that they are both Brits, I don't see any similarities. These kids don't seem to be  happy (it baffles me why) and each song on this debut album has a dark and  gloomy sound and each song is overly dramatic. But unlike Radiohead, Muse's  songs don't contain any real striking and memorable melodies, nor are there  any weird sound effects, nor any innovative chord progressions, nor  experimental song structures, etc. That is not a shame of course, but on  this whole album there is nothing which is really special or spectacular.  True, the band consists of fantastic musicians and singer Matt Bellamy has  an incredible voice with an enviable range. His powerful vocals are  undoubtedly Muse's strongest point. Unfortunately, they can't outweigh the  fact that all songs sound alike: melodically and harmonically they are all  very similar and they all have the same dark mood. There's not a single  bright spot in this pretentious load of darkness and one gets this feeling  that Muse is trying too hard to be profound. But surely they have talent.  So let's look forward to their next album...
B00000IQUT|1.0|I saw this UNCUT version back in 1983 or so...I was 16 at the time.  I could still remember how disturbing it was, and how I felt afterwards - It stuck with me for a few days.  The bathtub scene is NOT the one I remember  the most, but the brutal rape scene..True, not much was shown - But the  idea is most certainly there.  I found it rather discusting and still do to  this day.  <br />     This is NOT a horror film, nor is it scary..So, if your  looking for a horror film, dont look here - Actully, if your looking for  ANY kind of film - Skip this one entirely.<br />     The only GOOD thing that  comes out of this film is that it makes other tastless movies look not so  bad after all.........
0316777722|4.0|I have to admit I was a bit hesitant to read this book. My feeling was that this was just a cheap attempt to capitalize on the success of &quot;Naked&quot;, and to write a book that was essentially exactly the  same. I'm happy to report that my fears were unfounded. <br />Sedaris again  proves he is perhaps the funniest writer in America. The best pieces in  here are funny to the point that I almost needed an oxygen tank to restore  normal breathing after laughing so hard for so long. In fact, the funniest  pieces are so good that when you get to a story that merely makes you  chuckle softly to yourself, it seems like a let-down.<br />The most  consistently hilarious stories in &quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot; are  the ones dealing with the odd idiosyncrosies of Sedaris' father. However,  by far the funniest story of the bunch had to be &quot;You Can't Kill the  Rooster&quot;, about Sedaris' foul-mouthed, white trash younger  brother.<br />Admittedly, I started to get somewhat disappointed about halfway  through the book, as that is where a few stories that can be best described  as &quot;filler&quot; seemed to seep in. But I am happy to report that at  that point the book quickly moves to the stories detailing Sedaris'  experience of living in France, and the hilarity starts all over again.  Recommending this is simple...if you like to laugh, read it, if you hate  laughing, don't read it.
B000031XCR|4.0|If you're a Celine Dion fan, this is definitely the music cd to buy.  Her greatest hits, particularly the theme song from the hit movie &quot;Titanic,&quot; as well as &quot;I'm Your Angel&quot; (a duet with R.  Kelly), can be found on this fabulous cd.  There are seven new songs that  are also included.
6304675348|5.0|This is, a good movie Scream 2 was, ok I wanna see Scream 3 people, say it's good well, Scream 1 was good! Enjoy!
B00004KD1L|5.0|This is a wonderful CD. From the first number &quot;Chicago&quot; which builds with layer upon layer of different sounds and then strips away the layers again to the finish to the famous &quot;At the River&quot; which  haunts you well after you have finished listening, this is must have CD.  There is the clubbing number &quot;If everybody looked the same&quot; to  the mellow &quot;Blue Skies&quot;. A real pleasure to listen to. I have  this CD on most of the time when I am home and it really is wonderful. You  have to listen to it more than once to realise the intricate nature of the  music - a class act!
6303942830|5.0|In my opinion, this is the best movie ever made. It is the best story that any movie has ever had. (Star Wars is the second best) and as much as I adore Star Wars, even that can't compare to the masterpiece that is this  film. The book is even better. Every thing about this film is fantastic;  the actors, the score, the cienamatography, averything. I hope this review  will be helpfull.
B00003XACV|5.0|After seeing the movie, I thought that the music was very fitting in the movie, but nothing more.  So, I downloaded parts of the score, and I loved them.  That day I bought the score and it has become my favorite score.   All of the soft piano/orchestra tracks(5, 8, 12, 14, 18) are divine to say  the least.  The others are even better.  The orchestration is genius and  totally original.  My favorite track is number 11.  I recomend this to  anyone...
0792844882|5.0|Oh, all right, you know what I mean.  How does one rate a film?  What expectations does one have for a good time? How interesting is it?  I couldn't take my eyes off Showgirls.  I sat mesmerized and will do so again  thanks to this wonderful DVD.  What a film!  Words do not do justice to  this.  One must experience Showgirls themselves to really get it.  There is  no more guilty pleasure then watching a funny film that was intended to be  serious.  This is such a film.  Joe Esterhous (spelling)? Really, really  believes, as does the director and star, that this is some sort of Citizen  Cane.  This heart attack seriousness is carried throughout the film without  a hitch, it's hilarious.  I will not even attempt to say what is the  funniest part, it is all such a hoot.  Elisabeth Barclay fails to  understand that one must have some sort of talent to act, something that  makes one believable, that you cannot make up for this lake of talent by  working real hard.  Imagine, if you will, someone with no singing voice  singing.  Loudly.  When it is observed that this person cannot sing, they  rectify this situation by singing louder, harder and more often.  It does  not work now does it?  Elisabeth Barkley digs in her little heals and  &quot;acts&quot; as hard as she can.  Attempting to make up for her total  lake of talent by stomping around and glaring at the camera and spinning on  her heals and stomping away (this shot is done at least 5 times) throwing  food around, well you get it.  Never mind that this is totally  inappropriate behavior for the scenes which seam to have been made with no  though whatsoever for what has transpired before.  Every take Barkley just  starts all over again stomping, spinning, shouting and being just  delightfully awful.  I loved it. One need only watch any episode of Saved  By the Bell to see this.  &quot;Jesse&quot; (Barclays character in the  show) simply smiles and reads her lines.  No doubt she got up real early.   I believe she wasa good worker.  I would hire Elizabeth Barkley to work in  a heart beat.  Just not act.  Does throwing paint around on a canvas make  one painter?  What if they threw it harder?  What if they &quot;painted as  hard as they could&quot; It does not work.  I'm sorry.  I really am There  is a new contender in the &quot;good bad movie&quot; genre...check out the  &quot;Skulls&quot; for more unintentional laughter.  One bad thing about  &quot;Showgirls&quot; there is an unnecessary, violent rape scene in it  that may ruin the fun for some of us, just skip that part.   Enjoy....darlin.'
B00000BKDX|5.0|I don't need to say a lot about this Iron Maiden masterpiece. It's great, it definitely made me feel like I was at the Long Beach concert. But one thing that Maiden could have done is that they should have put all of the  songs on disc 1 and leave the enhanced stuff in disc 2. Anyway, just buy it  cause Iron Maiden rocks!
B000002J20|1.0|&quot;Tales from Topographical Oceans&quot; ranks as one of the worst rock albums I've ever come across.  Two albums full of aimless noodling, pointless soloing and pretentious lyrics that will test the patience of any  listener.  Though Lou Reed's notorious in-your-face epic &quot;Metal  Machine Music&quot; receives more notoriety, this album is very similar in  that it contains no recognizable songs or any focus whatsoever.  Let the  fact that even pretensious keyboardist Rick Wakeman abandoned the band  after its release tell you all the &quot;Tales&quot; you'll ever need to  know.
B00002Z88D|3.0|Metallica had a great idea in combining a symphony orchestra with their music. I think all of the songs in this album were perfectly mixed with the orchestra. But one let down is that a lot of the songs are from the  &quot;black&quot; album, load and reload. Basically, many long time  Metallifans like me are getting kinda tired of the overplayed tunes from  the &quot;black&quot; album, and many consider load and reload to be  disasters. Another let down is James' vocals, he just doesn't have that  growling roar anymore. But I give it three stars because I did like Ktulu,  Bells, One, and Battery. They all sounded enriched with the symphony.
B000002J1I|1.0|One of the worst albums by a band that has released a ton of bad albums.  If you listen to it, you'll want to add to its tomato splattered cover.  The nadir of a group of dinosuars caught in the heart of the punk era.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I know,I know. Everyone is whining that she doesn't write her own songs. Neither does Whitney Houston or Celine Dion! The only divas I can think of off hand that do are Mariah Carey and Madonna(and they just co-write.)It's  a pop album! Give her break and I must say,it's entertaining. The title  track &quot;Oops!I Did It Again&quot; is probably one of the catchiest  songs ever to hit radio and the cover of the Rolling Stones'  &quot;Satisfaction&quot; could have been a lot worse. So,if you're planning  to buy this,you might want to change your mind depending on taste,but I  say,go for it. But,if you want a REALLY good pop album that can appeal to  all ages,I say the Backstreet Boys' Millenium. In my opinion,Millenium is  one of the best pop CDs to hit the market.
B000002P74|5.0|&quot;Second Helping&quot; is the best Lynyrd Skynyrd album, and not just because it contains their best song, &quot;Sweet Home Alabama.&quot;  The band's sophomore effort shows a group of musicians who have hit their prime  as both performers and songwriters.  Every song is a classic, particularly  &quot;Don't Ask No Questions,&quot; the excellent ode to bluesmen and  childhood &quot;The Ballad of Curtis Lowe,&quot; &quot;Working for  MCA,&quot; &quot;Swamp Music,&quot; and &quot;Call Me the Breeze.&quot;  Plenty of bands go an entire career without writing this many good songs.  This album demonstrates that band leader Ronnie Van Zant was an artist  whose premature death was a rock tragedy to compare with the likes of Jimi  Hendrix and Duane Allman.
B000023VR6|5.0|Yo when i heard this cd i found that this is an awsome cd. Dr dre has another artist with him in every song wich makes it awsome. STILL DRE IS THE BEST SONG!
B000002J1F|5.0|Released in 1972, (and lampooned by Bachman Turner Overdrive's &quot;Not Fragile&quot; a year later), &quot;Fragile&quot; is the last good Yes album until 1983's &quot;90125.&quot;  Though &quot;Rounabout&quot; was the  band's biggest hit and most well known song, &quot;Long Distance  Runaround,&quot; &quot;Heart of the Sunrise&quot; and &quot;South Side of  the Sky&quot; are actually better songs.  What helps this album is that the  band keeps the level of rock energy up and the bombastic pretension to an  acceptable level.  Overall, along with &quot;The Yes Album,&quot; this is  one of their best.
0800105141|2.0|The more I think about the injustices of the British, the more disturbed I feel.  I'm referring to the modern British movie makers, not the Victorian imperialists.  I understand that it's considered something of a sacrilege  to say anything negative about this movie, given the piles of awards and  volumes of praise it has received, but then sometimes it's one's moral duty  to be sacreligious.<br />The film &quot;Gandhi&quot; shows a lack of  imagination--I don't mean the type of imagination that creates fantasies,  but the type that can create a plausible reality.  From the earliest  scenes, the film makers present Gandhi as a saint in full bloom. We see  nothing of his develpment as a person--or as a saint, for that matter,  except that he grows older during the movie. He is a plastic,  glow-in-the-dark dashboard ornament who displays no worse behavior (during  his ENTIRE LIFE, we are supposed to believe) than a few moments of mild  anger at his wife, behavior that is immediately mellowed by the  romantically misty photography and a soulful look or two from the  protagonists. (Gandhi and his wife--now THAT would have been a  movie!)<br />The baddies in the film are every bit as perfect (i.e.,  stereotyped) in their way as the good guys. Get a load of the leering Simon  Legree who seems to be masterminding the assassination, for example. I  wonder that the director refrained from having the actor twirl his  moustaches as he nodded encouragement to the assassin.<br />Even India looks  phony, as if the whole thing were filmed in Beverly Hills.  The bits of  carefully applied blood and dirt that are shown are reminiscent of the  plastic lepers in &quot;Papillon&quot; or Jeffrey Hunter's shaved armpits  in the crucifixion scene of &quot;King of Kings.&quot; I'm not asking for  hair or dirt or sloppy human emotions because I especially like to see  those things. It's just that there's something spiritually twisted--dirty,  even--about so carefully sanitizing this story.<br />The movie makers couldn't  even let an Indian play the main role. They must have figured that no  audience would sit still to watch a big-eared, hook-nosed, scrawny little  brown man for three and a half hours.  If true, this says something about  the movie makers' faith in their subject. In fact, Gandhi in his photos  looks interesting; Mr. Kingsley as Gandhi looks like Mr. Kingsley made up  to look like Gandhi. Maybe having an Englishman play the role was England's  way of rewriting history to show that She (England) wasn't so bad after  all? Sure: Gandhi was at heart just a fine English gentleman, an elegantly  handsome English gentleman who shaved and painted his head, rouged his  cheeks and powdered his very carefully coiffed moustache. (Maybe Mr. K is  an Indian, or part Indian. I don't know. But the point is that he is an  actor who needs to be made up to look like an Indian.) One begins to think  that such movies are made by blind people, for blind people.  And one is  reminded of the emporer's new clothes.  Do movie makers suppose that  audiences can't SEE make-up? Are movie makers that sure of the corruption  of our senses as they clearly are of the corruption of our  sensibilities?<br />Why won't movie makers (and other Sunday school teachers)  give us a holy man who is also a person? (Well, okay, Pasolini tried once.)  If goodness is finally unattainable by mere mortals, then what IS the point  of the Gandhi story, or the Jesus story, or any story? If these figures  were perfectly detached and ethereal beings, if they had to be worshipped,  then they have nothing to do with our real lives on this planet. We might  as well go on worshipping Mammon.<br />It is not a totally bad movie. The  truths of Gandhi's actions, of his &quot;beliefs&quot; did shine through  the triteness. (But again, if those truths were not in each of us before  the movie started, and if holy men are not men, our existence is indeed a  sorry joke.) And I did enjoy for a while the scene in which Gandhi first  meets with the other Indian leaders. They looked and acted like a bunch of  dessicated old queens who had run out of ways to be decadent. At last, I  thought, we get some individual detail, some quirky personality. But  wouldn't you guess that Gandhi would have them whipped into moral rectitude  by the end of the scene?<br />Maybe we will remember and re-view this movie in  much the same spirit that we now watch such past &quot;epic  achievements&quot; as &quot;The Ten Commandments,&quot; &quot;Ben-Hur&quot;  or &quot;King of Kings&quot;--as corny, hackneyed, kitschy spectacles with  ocassional flashes of real talent.  Maybe not quite: &quot;Gandhi&quot; is  a better movie than those. The acting is better. The photography and  direction are better.  It is well put together: an exciting Hollywood  adventure story (even if not made in Hollywood).<br />Ronald Reagan once said,  &quot;Film is forever.&quot; If he had been telling the truth (try  imagining THAT), he might have said instead, &quot;Hollywood is  everywhere.&quot; No, thank God (or whatever), film is not forever.  It is  a transparent, brittle, easily distorted and destroyed medium.  It is also  by far the most fragile--and the crudest--of art forms. It should be, has  to be, handled with care. If nothing else, &quot;Gandhi&quot; proves  semanticists wrong: perfection is relative. The movie &quot;Gandhi&quot; is  made imperfect by its failure to portray imperfections.
B000002J1C|5.0|This is the best of Yes's many (and mostly mediocre) studio albums.  The songs &quot;Yours is No Disgrace,&quot; &quot;Starship Troopers,&quot; &quot;I've Seen All Good People&quot; and &quot;Perpetual Change&quot; are  among the best the band has produced.  They are all lengthy and contain  numerous guitar and keyboard solos, but the songwriting is first rate.  By  itself, it could almost stand as a greatest hits collection.  Overall,  &quot;The Yes Album,&quot; is one the best &quot;Art-rock&quot; albums ever  recorded and one of the few Yes albums that is essential to any classic  rock fan's collection.
0679720200|5.0|A Classic novel of the absurd condition of man with a glorious ending: The  Stranger, along with several other of Camus' works, such as The Plague, are  the reason why Camus won the Nobel Prize and will live for ever as an  existential genius. The simple plot of this book and masterful writing  provides the reader with both obvious meaning and deep insights into the  very nature of man's existence. Camus is one author every person who has  ever asked \\"Why?\\" should have on his/her self, and The Stranger is widely  considered one of his greatest works, as well as one of the greatest works  of all-time.
6305297207|5.0|First of all, the DVD transfer is excellent.  Obviously somebody here really cared.  I did like the development of Ashley the common man into Ash the hero.  He is forced by circumstances to become the hero and he finally  comes through.  However, this is a pretty formulaic horror movie with lots  of blood and guts and a splash of humor.  A great job with a very low  budget to work with and a fantastic 1st effort for people who have gone on  to bigger and not necessary better things.  For those unfamiliar with the  movie, however, I would recommend that you rent it first to see if you  really want to buy it.
B00000BKE0|4.0|Bruce is at the helm, Steve and Nico are providing the power, and Dave just rocks!  What more do you want? Sure this may not represent Maidens best effort but it's no slouch either.  I particularly found &quot;Holy  Smoke&quot;  to an excellent jab at televangelists (as you may remember,  the Album &quot;The Number of the Beast&quot; drew a lot of criticism from  those types, as they claimed Maiden to be Satanic, god help us).  Another  stand out is &quot;Public Enema&quot; which harkens back to the Powerslave  era (Scream &quot;Fall to your Knees again&quot;).  Tailgunner (Another  song about air-to-air combat) is well crafted and sails smoothly.  Even the  silly titled &quot;bring your daughter to the slaughter&quot; is catchy,  and if you can get beyond the questionable lyrics, it's a good aural romp.  This entire album is pretty darn good.  As a Maiden fan from way back, I  can proudly give my stamp of approval.
0782008372|2.0|I only give this one 2 stars because it's a good motion picture.  The picture quality on the DVD is horrible and the sound quality is even worse.  Please save your money and find this in some other format.  I'll say it  again--this is terrible!
6305499365|5.0|I finally had to buy this movie! It's the funniest thing I've seen in years.  Peter Gibbons (ron livingston) is an every-man's hero and his don't-care attitude was so refreshing.  You'll walk away wishing you had  his moxy.  Every single character was believable, hysterical, and true to  life if you've ever worked in an office environment. My fave line...&quot;I  never liked paying bills, I don't think I'm going to do that either&quot;
B00003ETJQ|5.0|I bought the VHS version of this film first, but I have an old VCR and seeing the quality of the film, I had to buy the DVD, it was amazing.<br />The film is totally based on live shots, taken at appropriate times. The camera  work is excellent, which is just rightly complimented by the amazing music  in this film. It is a more of a journey, than just a two hour watch.<br />The  deep philosophy enrooted is really enlightening. As time goes by happiness  turns to suffering, then the circle restores, the cruelty and the suffering  now, the damage we cause, all would change. We only just watch and watch as  time flows by. <br />Seeing this film one would be touched by the amount of  damage we have caused to our planet, and to ourselves.<br />The beginning  symbolically shows the origin of man, watching. The film shows ethnic  tribes in the exotic places around the world, our cities, our ruins, our  future.<br />A wordless film that has more meaning than the better part of the  movies I have seen, and the images with stay with you for sometime, realy  an experience.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|THis CD IS GREAT THEY NEED MORE LIKE IT IF YOU DONT BUY IT YOUR CRAZY
B00003ETJQ|5.0|I bought the VHS version of this film first, but I have an old VCR and seeing the quality of the film, I had to buy the DVD, it was amazing.<br />The film is totally based on live shots, taken at appropriate times. The camera  work is excellent, which is just rightly complimented by the amazing music  in this film. It is a more of a journey, than just a two hour watch.<br />The  deep philosophy enrooted is really enlightening. As time goes by happiness  turns to suffering, then the circle restores, the cruelty and the suffering  now, the damage we cause, all would change. We only just watch and watch as  time flows by. <br />Seeing this film one would be touched by the amount of  damage we have caused to our planet, and to ourselves.<br />The beginning  symbolically shows the origin of man, watching. The film shows ethnic  tribes in the exotic places around the world, our cities, our ruins, our  future.<br />A wordless film that has more meaning than the better part of the  movies I have seen, and the images with stay with you for sometime, realy  an experience.
6302590388|5.0|Vigo's &quot;L'atalante&quot; is often placed among the published lists of the greatest films ever made and this status is fully deserved. The story of the film is simple, a young couple aboard a boat experience trouble in  thier young marriage before coming together at the end, yet it is Vigo's  style of narration and the way the film is told that makes it stand it.  Vigo catches the humanism of his story through an incredible dream like,  surreal and anarchic style of photgraphy and editing(featuring some of the  most beautiful images ever) to compel and move the viewer beyond belief, as  countless sublime moments truly capturing the essence of young love fill  our screens. The performances are of the highest standard, notably from the  beautiful Parlo (also to be seen in Renoir's &quot;La grande  illusion&quot;) and the poetic quality of the images unlike anything  captured before or since. On the evidence of this, and his earlier  &quot;Zero De Conduire&quot;, Vigo would surely have become the greatest  director of the sound age hads it been not for his death at the age of 29.
B00004T0P1|5.0|Simply put this is the most wonderful score I have heard since &quot;The Hunchback of Notre Dame&quot;, another Disney movie. I may be a huge Disney fan but I won't hesitate to admit when their work is less than stellar. For  example Mulan had a wonderful score but weak songs, and Hercules had cute  songs, but a weak score. Anyway, this score is simply brilliant. Although  there is not a single track on here with lyrics it does not matter. This is  one of the most soaring awe inspiring, uplifting, sometimes even spooky (as  in Raptors/Stand together) scores ever. I have not heard much of Howard's  other work, save the sixth sense, but if it's anywhere near as good as this  it's worth checking out. The best track by far is across the desert. A  piece with a complex and pulsating rhythm that you simply canot get out of  your head. Other highlights include the upbeat &quot;The Courtship,&quot;  The touching &quot;Inner Sanctum&quot; and the majestic &quot;The egg  Travels.&quot; Many of the tracks are backed by vocals performed by Lebo M.  who supplied background cvocals in The Lion King. This really adds to it.  If this score does not win best original score... WIN! I will completely  lose faith in the academy.
6303942830|5.0|This is my all time favorite movie.  Fabulous cinematography, one of the most powerful scores ever, passion and chemistry between all of the characters, you can't help but be drawn in.  I can watch this film a  thousand times and cry at the end each time.  Hawkeye and Cora have to be  two of the most romantic characters ever.  Enjoy
6305903182|5.0|Scream 3 is a fitting ending to a trilogy that revived the horror genre. Writer Ehren Kruger (Arlington Road) is thoughtful, provocative and spontaneous. Closure is reached completely with this film. Go into it with  an open mind and you will not be disappointed.
6303481272|5.0|What a film!  Finally a film has been made that stands it's ground against the legendary fist of the north star!  <br />The film's plot is actually pretty simple.  After a ninja team is wiped out trying to infiltrate a  headquarters believed to belong to a group of demonic creatures, three  vagabonds hook up and decide to try and fathom out the cause of the chaos  and more importantly stop it.<br />Nice plot, but I've heard it all before you  say.  Well if you've heard the story at least watch the awesome sequences!   First of all battle sequences, every single one is absolutely amazing from  the jaw dropping opening sequence involving a group of Koga ninja to the  excellent battle between the leader of the group and the talented Jubei  kubigari.<br />The animation is fantastic as well.  With the sword blades  blurrng in flight, great attention to detail on the characters movements  and wonderful Japanese scenery.<br />The idea of a group of demons being  hunted down sounds all too familiar of 1950's of B movies, but don't let  that belief blind you, as this is an awesome film in everyway.<br />Go out and  buy immediately!  This has to be one of the best ever anime films.  And you  would be a fool to miss out on it...
6303022901|1.0|As a UC Berkeley Asian American Studies and political science graduate and law school student, I find that Amy Tan's writing is disturbing.  The movie did nothing less than propagate an implicit caricature of contemporary  Asian American culture.  Amy Tan capitalizes on the harsh images that  popular mainstream media conveys upon Asian American men.  Indeed, it is  disheartening that she portrays the women who did marry Asian men as  grossly insensitive and unfair at best.  On the contrary, Amy Tan's work is  OFFENSIVE to the very nature of what is held up as positive portrayals of  Asian American cultural expressions today.  White men are seen as the  choice partners who don't abuse, rape or abuse Asian women.  The message  Amy Tan (who herself is married to a white man) is conveying is that Asian  entirely lack the togetherness and societal norms of what is deemed to be  acceptable or even required to be accepted in today's society.  In fact, it  is the opposite!  I fail to see what others are stating about Amy Tan's  work.  Not only is it a harsh distortion and moreover, a sad commentary on  what the U.S. publishing world and the national audience want:  a  whitewashed and horribly tragic distortion of today's Asian America.  DON'T  GET THIS MOVIE!
B000002GF8|5.0|The only regret of Synchronicity is the Andy Summers tune &quot;Mother&quot;.  This song is so bad it could not have been saved if Sting himself had sung it.Summers other song &quot;Murder by Numbers&quot;  is great; which proves that he can write decent music, but can't  discriminate between his good and his bad work. Even the songs that were  not singles are phenomenal. Sleeper hits are 'Tea in the Sahara' and 'Oh My  God'. This is a must own for anyone.
0783225482|4.0|This movie has the distinction of pioneering some special effects. I am usually wary in such cases, as special effects have taken over American cinema as it is, at the expense of good story lines and acting. However,  this movie delivers on all fronts. It's a very deft parody and a pretty  decent comedy, which is by the way, not that black. The movie is definitely  entertaining.
B000005RQE|5.0|Something about REM's albums is mere and perfect beauty. Tracks such as Finest Worksong, whose sound flows and ebbs at perfect timing, is a shining example of the band's imagination. Definetly a good buy.
0767817710|3.0|It's entertaining at times. Gene Hackman shouts very well, as usual. Sharon Stone is good, too. It's a treat for lovers of violence and fans of the stars. Leonardo DiCaprio looks impetuous in this film.
6304602979|2.0|Even though I do have a tender spot for the actor CHRISTIAN SLATER as he appears in TRUE ROMANCE, I find the story itself quite repulsive.  On the other hand, right from the first viewing, I found the opening music so  enchanting that, no matter how unpleasant the movie was, I couldn't help  but develop a kind of sentimental attachment for it. All along, I thought  this music was by ZIMMER as the credits said. It was only when I read one  of the reviews of the Soundtrack CD, that I was made to realize that it was  not by ZIMMER at all, but by no less than the great CARL ORFF. So, at  least, I can thank ZIMMER for exposing me to that lovely music. I also want  to thank the reviewer referred to above for informing me about the real  author. - TRUE ROMANCE has another piece of very beautiful music: the duet  by Lakm and Mallika from DELIBES' opera.  What I can't understand, though,  is how on earth anybody would want to use such innocent and heart-melting  music as a background for this throughly disgusting scene between three  dehumanized, cynical and unfunny goons and the hapless DENNIS HOPPER.  The  music is played so low, however, that you can hardly hear it, - so ashamed  the producer was, I suppose, to desecrate such beauty.
078401213X|4.0|A dark look at a conceptual genius who sinks beneath the waves of his own theorizing, this movie certainly succeeds at being different. The main character is controlled by the idea that the world as a whole, and also its  component parts, can be summarized in a formula. This is not a far cry from  the current search for the theory of everything and the supersting mania  associated with this search. The main character sqauanders his life, pining  away in his apartment, trying to dissect generalizations and abstractions,  while the world goes merrily on. Some financiers and religious  fundamentalists are after him, as they want his knowledge for their own  purposes.<br />Despite what some people say, the movie is not about chaos  theory, or math in general, or Wall Street, or religon. It is about what is  incorrigible about human search for knowledge, the cost at which it is  obtained, and the apparent ultimate futility of trying to unriddle every  riddle of the world and serve it up as some terse abstraction. And  emotions, feelings, and sensations are at least as much a part of the world  as what is set down in formulas as its explanation.
0380713802|3.0|In Neither here nor there, Bryson soaks up Europe and sprinkles  it with  his wit, observations and humour to go. You have to admire his ability. He  goes to Rome and Paris and Berlin, but doesn't stop there because this is  Europe we are talking about. He finds himself in Bulgaria and Hammerfest,  looks at Istanbul and trots along Oslo. What is the result? <br />An  undoubtedly entertaining book. The first few chapters are as fresh and  engaging, the words flow through your conscience magically. One country's  culture is analysed and evaluated in the most brilliantly delightful way.  There are jokes. None of them are subtle and are all of the same mode,  Bryson-esque, and for 75% of the time,they please. He makes a particularly  good day of his a good chapter. You laugh. He loves the sunshine, museums  and parks. <br />Then sets in. Bryson appears to enjoy making fun of people.  He makes fun of himself and pleases the reader at his expense, but openly  insulting a poor waiter? And there are the occassional comments that you  have to read several times in order to come close to not saying, &quot;Hey,  this is racist.&quot; And he uses the term, 'What a wonderful country',  several times. He spends too little time here and rushes off to the next,  only to waste pages and pages there. Why does he always tell us about his  experiences with dining? It begins to flag. And his travels become slightly  tiresome. He has to go to parks and museums. You begin not to care about  whether or not he goes to Sorrento and Capri because you know he'll throw  around the same jokes and make roughly the same comments as he did with  Rome. It's only during the last quarter of the book, which is a bit too  late, that you feel this is a good book. Because you realise the contrasts  between the beginning and the end. These are pedantic quibbles, but they  are warranted and should be considered.<br />Bryson is honest with us. He  shares his opinions, recalls his travels with Katz twenty years earlier,  relieves us with extremely amusing anecdotes. He tells us whether he likes  this place or that, or whether he loathes whatever. It is great but,  because he stops inventing after a while, it becomes a slight chore. And  the question that I ask is if Europe can be condensed into bite-sized  diluted pieces of writing to form a 300-page book. No?<br />If you aren't  particularly critical and enjoy a read where for the most part, you can  leave your brain behind, Neither here nor there is a smashing read. But,  and here it is, but his later books, especially Note from a Small Island  and A Walk in the Woods are much more enjoyable, detailed but at the same  time readable. This isn't to say Neither here not there isn't good or  delectable or lovable, but it simply isn't as good. His later books seem  like results of learning from mistakes in this book and, it comes down to  this, they are much more worth your cash. Invest in these books if you want  Bill Bryson. If you've read all of his except for this, you'll probably be  disappointed.
B00001W9G0|5.0|The Way We Were has been one of my favorite movies ever since I was a little girl. It has everything going for it; a great story line, the luscious Robert Redford, a beautiful song/music, and as much as it pains me  to admit this, even Barbra Streisand (I can't stand her) did a pretty good  job.
0780626966|5.0|It is an execelent box set. With the added 8th disc it is truley a must-have for any Freddy fan. The retail price is a little steep but worth the price. Thanx to amazon.com it's quite a bit less than the retail price  and again I say it is well worth it.
0671042858|4.0|I'm not a baseball fan. In addition, I don't like horror books. So why  would I want to read a book where baseball plays a prominent role by the  King of horror writers?<br />Well, for one thing, I spent a few years in Maine  and in Boston. This book takes place in the woods of Maine. Trisha, a  9-year-old girl, is hiking for a few hours with her mother and brother on  the Appalachian Trail in western Maine. The other 2 are arguing, so Trisha  lags behind them a bit, then goes off the trail a bit so she can pee. She  tries to take a shortcut back to the trail, but winds up lost.<br />This is  basically a one-character book. Trisha is lost in the woods and there\\"s no  one else around. There are other characters in the book, such as family and  searchers, but they get only a few pages. Trisha is the one you follow  throughout almost the entire story.<br />But there is another character. He  is Tom Gordon, Trisha's hero, a pitcher for the Boston Red Sox. Lost in the  woods, with no people around, Trisha listens to Red Sox games on her  Walkman so that she can have at least one contact to humanity. Listening to  the games, and later imagining that Tom Gordon is with her in the woods,  helps her to stay sane and alive while searching for civilization.<br />One  final character is the Something that seems to be following Trisha. This  thing has a horror element to it and, in my opinion, distracted from the  main story. It would be scary enough for a nine-year-old to be lost in the  woods, what with little to eat and biting insects and strange noises in the  night, without having to resort to a semi-supernatural creature. There is a  powerful confrontation at the conclusion, but I thought it was rather  unbelievable and disappointing because something else suddenly pops out to  save Trisha, rather than Trisha having to solve the problem herself.<br />I  think that if you have lived in New England, especially in Maine, you'll  like this book, even if you don't like the \\"usual\\" Stephen King books. If  you like baseball, especially the Red Sox, you might like this book too.  Readers of suspense stories will also appreciate this book.sual\\" Stephen King books. If  you like baseball, especially the Red Sox, you might like this book too.  Readers of suspense stories will also appreciate this book.
079073804X|5.0|Nipsey loved it back in the early 70's when he took Jo ann Worley to see this flick. And Nipsey still loves it to this day. You love horror then you already have this flick! <br />LINDA BLAIR IS A PLUS IN ROLLER BOOGIE TOO.  Wish they would start printing up more roller boogie tapes!
B00000IMTE|5.0|this is ritchie blackmores greatest ever guitar playing......he never sounded better......dio's voice is so awesome.....this certainly is one of my favorite cds.....this is classic metal at its best.....all other meatal  outfits after this record owe this band a great deal of gratitude.....do  not pass this one up.....it is the best from rainbow......gary driscoll is  the better drummer for rainbow......the best songs on this album are  &quot;THE MAN ON THE SILVER MOUNTAIN&quot; and the great instrumental,  which was a remake of a great tune by the Yardbirds, called &quot;STILL I'M  SAD&quot;
B000002L9J|5.0|The best of all THE SMITHS CD's in the opinion of NIPSEY! <br />While the best of CD's are well worth the money THE QUEEN IS DEAD is Morrisey's best work ever! <br />Nipsey gives it a big thumbs up!
0800187873|2.0|The Movie, Donnie Brasco, was not in my mind a very accurate movie. If I didn't know any better, I'd have thought the movie was made by Oliver Stone. I've read the book written in part by agent Pistone and then watched  the movie, and it was like seeing and reading 2 completely different  stories. The acting, however, was great, and the settings were very good.
B00004THAY|4.0|Put on this CD of great covers, close your eyes &amp; I swearyou'll feel as if you are right there....at a little front table, 3am, candles flickering, smoke circling....witnessing a bluesy jazz jam to remember.  King &amp; Clapton meld their talents as well as their passions in &quot;Riding With The King&quot;.  &quot;Come Rain Or Come Shine&quot; evoked magical memories. And as the title song says&quot;.....going to the promise land, every woman, child, and man....a Cadillac, and a great big diamond ring, don't you know you're riding with the king....&quot; says it all.  Sexy &amp; soulful...an essential addition to your collection!  --CDS
B000005TRO|5.0|Somebody loaned me a copy of Mi Respuesta and from the first song I was hooked on this gal's voice. This CD, self-titled, is every bit as good. I just love it. I have not heard her sing in italian because I am  concentrating on trying to learn spanish and listening to spanish music 95%  of the day sure helps. I like the song 'Gente' a lot. This song proves that  you don't need a hundred thousand watts of crunch chords coming at you to  have a strong song. The message and the performance are so powerful. It's  love, hope, disillusion, emotion, redemption, joy, and more. Don't wait any  longer. Treat yourself to the music, the sweet voice of Laura Pausini.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana kicks serious audio. i cant believe i used to not like them! Nevermind is pure platinum stuff. It destroys all other comparable CD's. Its smash hits like Smells Like Teen Spirit, In Bloom, Lithium, and Come As  You Are rule! NEVERMIND the competition, Nevermind kills!
158234082X|5.0|If this were only a tell all of the restaurant trade, it would have worn thin after a chapter or two of disgusting practices (I'm still cringing from the description of seafood on Mondays, well done anything, certain  sauces that smack of &quot;preservation&quot; of foul meat or fish)in the  world's kitchens.  But, much like his personality,he jumps between  biography (both auto and of interesting people he's worked with) expose,  how-to, rants, etc....  That's what makes it interesting.  I don't know how  people could say he's conceited.  I've never read any writer which such a  good grasp of who he is.  Bourdain is brutally honest about his fancy  upbringing (and contrasts it sharply with that of the mostly South and  Central American men who are the staple of the entire food industry), his  desolate years, his drug habits, his puerile forays into better kitchens  than his current level -- he will keep you in stitches while at the same  time giving a no-holds barred view of what it's like to be a chef.  It's  definitely not for most normal people, and he explains why truly there are  very few fine chefs.  He'll make you appreciate the line cook who really  does all the prep work and major cooking -- you want that person to be  boring and regular, not an innovator at all!  You'll learn why.  After  reading &quot;a day in the life,&quot; you'll realize just what a sinecure  your 100 hour a week investment bank job is -- you'd never believe the  skills and organizational ability necessary to run a busy kitchen.<br />This  turned out to be one of my favorite reads of the year.  I stayed up until  almost 2am to finish it. It may have been irregular (the writing) in  places, but that's fine in the context of this book which jumps around a  lot.  He's a fine writer and a great storyteller.  His chapter on how  people like us should cook is eye-opening to say the least.  Anytime your  friends tell you than they have to have a fancy set of Henkels knives,  refer them to this chapter.  Definitely worthwhile reading and a good break  from heavier fiction.is chapter.  Definitely worthwhile reading and a good break  from heavier fiction.
B0000214F0|3.0|I generally like period films, and historically accurate films. However, I found Caligula disturbing, and a bit too graphic for my taste.  Even if it is historically accurate, I found the sex scenes gratuitous.  The making  Caligula, on the dvd is informative. Sometimes the video and sound quality  aren't what they should be. The movie is well cast, and for me that saves  the movie and makes it worth having. This is probably the only  time you  see a cast this good in a movie this graphic. No one under 21 should be  allowed to see it.
630518299X|4.0|This is a great movie directed by Peter Weir (Fearless). The movie touches a delicate subject: the right of a person to have their freedom and privacy.    The aesthetic of the movie made me recall Tim Burton  (Especially Edward Sissorhands). That strange world make you question about  how much is worth living observed, and in a world outside the real world.      Jim Carrey offers one of his best performances. It is here where he  demonstrates that he is an excellent actor capable to make deep roles,  instead of just a silly comedian who plays silly roles as &quot;Ace  Ventura&quot; or, more recently, &quot;Me, Myself &amp; Irene&quot;.
